id,title,text,label
1503, WTF? Trump Demanded Comey’s ‘Loyalty’ At Private Dinner,"President Donald Trump told his account of a private dinner he had with James Comey to Lester Holt but now it appears a lot more happened that he didn t mention and a lot of what he said went on, didn t.According to Trump, the dinner was set for Comey to ask to keep his job. On its face, this is farcical. The FBI Director is appointed for terms of ten years so Comey didn t have to ask Trump to stay on. Secondly, Trump claims he asked Comedy about any investigation into the president and that the answer was,  You are not under investigation.  That doesn t make any more sense.Comey s side of the story is a lot different. According to the New York Times,  As they ate, the president and Mr. Comey made small talk about the election and the crowd sizes at Mr. Trump s rallies. The president then turned the conversation to whether Mr. Comey would pledge his loyalty to him. When Comey refused to offer such a pledge, Trump persisted. While Comey did say he would be honest with Trump, the New York Times is reporting that,  Mr. Comey declined to make that pledge. Instead, Mr. Comey has recounted to others, he told Mr. Trump that he would always be honest with him, but that he was not  reliable  in the conventional political sense. Loyalty has always been super important to Trump throughout his life. As a businessman, it makes sense. You need to know that your proprietary information is going to stay private. When you are the leader of the United States (or any other country), this is not the same thing. It reeks of dictatorship.Of course, the White House is pushing back hard on the claims that the dinner in question was not the way Comey describes it. That is not surprising. The White House seems to come away from most events, from the Inauguration to pretty much everything that happens everywhere, with a different view than the rest of us.Perhaps the best way to look at this is how Former Congressman John Dingell Tweeted:It's a bit wild to see the Trump administration begin the same way Nixon's ended.I'd be laughing my ass off if I weren't so damn worried.  John Dingell (@JohnDingell) May 12, 2017Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images.",0
1504, North Korea Promises To “Mercilessly Wipe Out” Alleged U.S. Assassination Plotters,"North Korea is now vowing to  mercilessly wipe them out  while seeking extradition for those responsible for allegedly plotting to kill Kim Jong-un last week.The Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-ryol repeated the charge in a meeting on Thursday with foreign envoys in Pyongyang, that an attempted assassination on Kim Jong Un was carried out by the United States and South Korean intelligence agencies. Heinous terrorists were recently detected in the DPRK [Democratic People s Republic of Korea],  According to North Korean state news agency (KCNA),  The terrorists were infiltrated by the CIA of the U.S. and the puppet National Intelligence Service (NIS) of South Korea in a bid to commit state-sponsored terrorism against the supreme leadership of the KPRK by use of a biochemical substance. So far, North Korea s only individual suspect for the assassination attempt is a Pyongyang resident who allegedly was brainwashed and bribed by U.S. and South Korean agents to assassinate the leader. According to our law, the Central Public Prosecutor s Office of the KPRK will use all available methods to start to work to demand the handover of the criminals involved, so as to punish the organizers, conspirators, and followers of the terrible state-sponsored terrorism,  Said Han.Han then reportedly  declared the principle stand of the DPRK government to find out all of the terrorist maniacs and mercilessly wipe them out. Furthering his warning, Han stated that  Korean-style war on terrorism will be commenced at once in a consecutive and intensive way to root out the plot-breeding centers and dens of evil on this planet, including the CIA and the NIS. Interestingly enough, these threats come days after the newly elected South Korean president, Moon Jae-in, called for economic cooperation and increased dialogue with North Korea.This rhetoric couldn t come at a worse time, considering the increased tensions between the United States and North Korea over its nuclear ambitions and missile tests.Photo by Chung Sung-Jun/Getty Images",0
1505, Keith Olbermann Begs Foreign Intel Agencies To Save Us From Trump (VIDEO),"Keith Olbermann has been speaking out against Donald Trump for months via his show on GQ, The Resistance. He has continuously warned us about how dangerous this man is to our democracy. But on Thursday, he did something that was both unexpected and yet arguably necessary at this point: He pleaded with foreign intelligence agencies from around the world to help save the citizens of the U.S. from this  coup  by releasing any damning information they may have on the Trump administration.Olbermann begged these intel agencies, from all across the globe, to make the information they are rumored to have available to the American public. He urged them not to wait, to act now. Give the information to a reporter, leak it, put it on the internet, leave it outside someone s back door, he pleaded in desperation.Trump has fired the man investigating him, crippling our own intelligence agencies in the process, Olbermann continued. American citizens have lost their democracy as a result of this coup, and Republicans, the very people who have the power to stop him today, are choosing to do nothing. In a last ditch effort to save the U.S. from Trump, Olbermann has turned to the only people left that can help us: the intelligence agencies of other countries.Whether or not Olbermann s call to action will move someone to release damaging information remains to be seen. In the meantime, we can only cross our fingers and wait.You can watch Olbermann s passionate plea here:NEW: I appeal to the Intel Agencies of the world. Trump has enacted a coup here. We need what you have on him pic.twitter.com/E0KbP8TUul  Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) May 12, 2017Featured image via viceo screen capture",0
1506, FBI Agents Are Doing Something Unusual In The Wake Of Comey’s Firing,"Prior to the Nov. 8 election, the FBI was, more or less, Trumpland. They wanted Trump to win. They neither trusted nor approved of Hillary Clinton. And that anti-Hillary attitude led to a number of anti-Hillary leaks to the press from the agency. They were angry with James Comey s decision not to indict Hillary over her emails.Now, though, the FBI is wracked with shock, anger and grief over Comey s sudden firing. According to the Daily Beast, one agent said his abrupt dismissal was like a death in the family. Another said that they re basically  sitting shiva,  which is a Jewish ritual of mourning just after a funeral.And some of them are doing something very unusual for a situation like this: They re posting pictures of themselves with Comey on social media, and even changing their profile pics to those of Comey. That s a gesture generally reserved for someone who dies.Acting Director Andrew McCabe told the Senate Judiciary Committee that Comey was well-liked and had broad support throughout the bureau. In other words, when Trump said that Comey had lost the trust and respect of his rank and file, he was either not speaking for the majority of the rank and file, or he was flat-out lying.Rank-and-file agents were also very suspicious of the timing of Comey s firing, wondering whether it had anything to do with the Russia probes. Various officials  phones were ringing off the hook. FBI headquarters in D.C. was more or less locked down and not answering the flood of phone calls coming in.One agent told the Daily Beast that there s likely to be serious distrust of whoever Trump puts into Comey s place: No matter who gets the job, there will be a cloud of suspicion because the President is unpopular with much of the [U.S.]. That bad faith will make it harder to do my job. Trump undermined the public s trust in the FBI more than Comey ever could. The new director is going to face a tough confirmation, with much of the Senate viewing Trump with suspicion, too. That makes possible picks like Rudy Giuliani out of the question   he s going to have to tread very carefully with Comey s replacement. In the meantime, McCabe has assured the Senate that he ll let them know immediately if the White House tries to interfere with the Russia probes in any way at all.Featured image by Zach Gibson via Getty Images",0
1507, Tim Kaine Can’t Hold Back His Tears During Heart Wrenching Health Care Hearing,"On Wednesday, Senate Democrats held a shadow hearing  to hear what the American people have to say about the GOP health care bill. It was an emotional scene, with story after story about how much harm the American Health Care Act will cause. After listening to one particularly heartbreaking story, Sen. Tim Kaine was so moved that he was unable to hold back his tears.I remember standing at the mailbox with my tiny baby   she was still under 10 pounds at 11 months old   cradled in my arms, and opening an envelope from the children s hospital with a bill inside for $64,000, more than my husband s annual salary, for merely  renting  the surgical room and equipment used during her heart surgery the month before, said Cyndi Johnson, a math teacher from Bloomington, Indiana.Johnson continued, explaining that before the Affordable Care Act became the law of the land, the medical costs she found herself paying out of pocket for her baby were spiraling with no end in sight.  In order to provide around the clock care for her daughter, Johnson had to quit her job. But Obamacare changed all that. She explained that if the ACA hadn t removed the lifetime cap, her daughter would have reached it before her fifth birthday.As a parent, absolutely nothing else matters when your child is sick,  Johnson said.  Your world shrinks and everything else just falls away. I would have sold my house, my car, done literally anything to keep my daughter healthy   and no family should have to make that horrible choice. All the senators had the hearing were moved by Johnson s testimony, but Tim Kaine choke back his tears.Mrs. Johnson, tears just started rolling down my face,  Kaine said.  The people who passed this law couldn t care less what any of you think or what any of your experiences are. Just think, instead of Mike Pence, who can t wait to snatch health care away from sick babies, we could have had Tim Kaine as our vice president. But, her emails.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
1508, GOPer Who Resurrected Trumpcare Just Got WRECKED By A Father At Town Hall (VIDEO),"Hey, you remember the GOPer who is responsible for the amendment to Trumpcare that allows states to obtain waivers to the provision that requires insurers to charge customers the same regardless of pre-existing conditions? Well, in case you don t, his name is Tom MacArthur of New Jersey, and he s not very popular back home right now.The former health insurance executive was one of only two Republicans from his state to back Trump s signature deathcare legislation, even writing the amendment that allows insurers to bilk people with preexisting conditions out of more of their money than they will already be throwing at their increased premiums under the Republican plan.On Wednesday, MacArthur s constituents gathered to tear him a new orifice.MacArthur asked about pre-existing protection changes. Audience: ""If you have a pre-existing condition, stand up."" Most audience on feet. pic.twitter.com/V4lhgGVX7q  Dan Diamond (@ddiamond) May 10, 2017One attendee in particular stood out when he gave an emotional explanation of why MacArthur and all who think like him are absolutely awful.Geoff Ginter is a certified medical assistant and both of his kids have pre-existing conditions. He also, for some reason, gets very angry when someone tries to kill his children:My wife was diagnosed with cancer when she was 40 years old. She beat it, but every day   every day   she lives with it. She thinks about it. Every pain, every new something going on somewhere, is it coming back? Is this cancer? Do I have it again? Is it gonna kill me this time? Is it gonna take me away from my children? Speaking of which: my children. Both have pre-existing conditions from birth. One cardiac, one thyroid. You have been the single greatest threat to my family in the entire world. You are the reason I stay up at night. You are the reason that I cannot sleep. What happens if I lose my job?He s right. As of now, not just MacArthur but the entire GOP from top to bottom is the  single greatest threat  to all our families. They are the reasons we stay up at night   because they represent the worst that humanity has to offer.Watch  it below, and try to figure out how MacArthur sleeps at night. We can t.Man angrily tells MacArthur: ""You have been the single greatest threat to my family."" Says GOP bill was dead until MacArthur resurrected it. pic.twitter.com/U1O8vTwVBx  Dan Diamond (@ddiamond) May 11, 2017Featured image via screengrab",0
1509, BREAKING: FBI Is Raiding GOP Election Consulting Firm,"While the Republican Party rants on and on about non-existent voter fraud, the evidence is mounting that they are the party that is engaged in electoral malfeasance and now, the FBI is raiding a firm that helped in Republican elections.The raid was on the Strategic Campaign Group. According to reports, about a half dozen FBI agents arrived Thursday morning to search and seize records.Details are scant now, and will be updated as the story develops, but here s what we have so far, and none of it has anything to do with Donald Trump:(Kelley) Rogers (President of Strategic Campaign Group), who said his firm represents the campaign committees for Maryland House and Senate candidates, told reporters that the FBI investigation concerns work the firm performed during the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial campaign of former Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli, a Republican.According to Rogers, his firm settled a civil suit brought by the Cuccinelli campaign after he lost that race to Democrat Terry McAuliffe. Rogers said the investigation appears to have stemmed from allegations brought in that suit. Twitter, though, has their theories and none of them look good for Donald Trump.The Cuccinelli suit (which was settled for between $75,000 and $85,000) alleged that Strategic Campaign Group and the associated Conservative Strike Force Political Action Committee   an independent group not affiliated with the candidate   raised about $2.2 million by assuring donors it would spend the money to help elect the GOP candidate. The suit alleged that the PAC and Strategic Campaign Group failed to follow through on promises for an extensive media campaign on Cuccinelli s behalf.Source: Capital GazetteThis isn t to imply that just because they were busted once, that s their only crime. The timing perfectly coordinates with warrants and subpoenas being issued in the Trump/Russia investigation. According to the left wing blog The Palmer Report:One of the insiders whose sources correctly pointed to today s FBI action is Democratic insider Claude Taylor. In the wake of the Annapolis raid, he s now sharing the following:  Source in legal community reports large number of Warrants from Eastern District of Virginia being executed. By the FBI. Source reports frenzy of activity inside the EDVA, large number of agents, US Marshals. The battle has been joined  (link). He goes on to add more details about the goings-on at the Eastern District Court of Virginia, which Comey recently confirmed is working with the FBI on the Trump-Russia investigation. The basement of the EDVA was described as resembling a  judicial Armada  with a dozen or more FBI and US Marshals vans,  Taylor states.Regardless of whether this is about Trump or not, it s clear that the GOP has gotten cocky in their lawlessness and their chickens are coming home to roost. We ll keep you updated as this story develops.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images.",0
1510, Trump Displays Incredible Ignorance Yet Again — Claims Credit For Term Coined Over A Hundred Years Ago,"Have you ever wondered where a phrase started? How about the phrase  prime the pump?  It is widely considered to mean the use of government money to get a project going. While it dates back to the 1800s, President Donald Trump is now claiming that he invented the phrase. In reality, the use of the phrase  prime the pump  predates Trump s own birth by a hundred years, and the use of it in the current economic sense has existed since the 1930s.In a recent conversation with The Economist, this exchange happened (they were talking about Trump s tax plan):The Economist: But beyond that it s OK if the tax plan increases the deficit? Trump: It is OK, because it won t increase it for long. You may have two years where you ll you understand the expression  prime the pump ? The Economist: Yes. Trump: We have to prime the pump. The Economist: It s very Keynesian. Trump: We re the highest-taxed nation in the world. Have you heard that expression before, for this particular type of an event? The Economist: Priming the pump? Trump: Yeah, have you heard it? The Economist: Yes. Trump: Have you heard that expression used before? Because I haven t heard it. I mean, I just I came up with it a couple of days ago and I thought it was good. It s what you have to do.According to The Free Dictionary:Prime the Pump: Encourage the growth or action of something, as in  Marjorie tried to prime the pump by offering some new issues for discussion.  In the late 1800s this expression originally was used for pouring liquid into a pump to expel the air and make it work. In the 1930s it was applied to government efforts to stimulate the economy and thereafter was applied to other undertakings.It is hardly surprising that a) Trump had never heard this phrase, as it is rarely used on Twitter and b) he would take credit for it. In a week with so many gaffes, lies and just strange behavior, this may not be as big an issue but it s clear how little this man knows and how little he understands the world and reality that the rest of us live in. Another explanation could be that Trump is much, much older than we have been led to believe and has gone completely senile.Featured image via Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images.",0
1511, WATCH: ‘The View’ TRASHES Trump For Barring American Press From Covering Meeting With Russian Officials,"Donald Trump s decision to choose Russian state media over American journalists has drawn the ire of the ladies on  The View. On Wednesday, just one day after firing FBI Director James Comey as the agency continues to investigate his Russia scandal, Trump took a meeting with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Kislyak is the Russian official whom Michael Flynn spoke to during the transition, an action that raised further concerns about Trump s ties to Russia and Vladimir Putin.And raised even more concerns by letting Russian state media attend the meeting complete with all of their equipment, while banning the free press in the United States from attending.The decision especially concerns former CIA deputy director David Cohen.After Vice-President Joe Biden s former national security adviser posed a  deadly serious  question about whether it was smart of Trump to allow Russian state media and their equipment in the Oval Office, Cohen replied.@ColinKahl No, it was not.  David S. Cohen (@cohendavid) May 10, 2017Kahl went to explain that he wasn t even allowed to bring his phone into the Oval Office, nor was he allowed to let foreign delegations bring cameras in that room. But Trump let Putin s propaganda machine do it.This infuriated Joy Behar so much that she ripped Trump a new one on Thursday, calling his actions  treasonous  and  un-American. He s speaking to the Russian foreign minister and ambassador Kislyak who s the one who Michael Flynn got fired for talking to,  Behar said.  And in the room, here s Trump talking to the Russians and the Russian press is there covering, and guess who s missing from the room? The American press. They were barred from the room. This is treason to me. This is un-American, it s unpatriotic. Americans should be furious. Here s the video via YouTube:Indeed, Americans should also be worried. Trump may have just compromised national security by letting Putin s propaganda network inside the Oval Office. The threat of listening devices and cameras being covertly placed inside the Oval Office is a very real threat. This is where the president often meets with foreign officials, staffers, members of Congress, and military leaders.Inviting a Russian state media crew into the Oval Office is irresponsible. Trump s refusal to let American media cover the meeting is flagrantly outrageous because Trump chose Putin s propaganda machine over the American free press. It s suspicious and makes one wonder what Trump wanted to hide from the American people.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1512," Russian Photographer In The Oval Office Raises Eyebrows, Security Problems","Former U.S. intelligence officials have criticized the presence of a Russian photographer capturing President Trump s meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in the Oval Office on Wednesday, citing the potential for a security breach. Concerns were raised after photographs of the meeting were posted on the TASS Russian News Agency website.The White House, however, is playing down the situation, with one senior administration official stating that the Russian had to go through the same screening as a member of the U.S. press going through the main gate to the [White House] briefing room.  Furthermore, the official claims that the White House was misled, claiming that Russian officials had stated that the individual in question was actually Lavrov s personal photographer, concealing the fact that he was also a TASS employee, clearing demonstrating their screening of the Russian photographer was not sufficient. We were not informed by the Russians that their official photographer was dual-hatted and would be releasing the photographs on the state news agency,  said the White House administration official.Former deputy CIA director David S. Cohen was one of several who expressed their concerns over the Russian photographer s presence. Cohen took to Twitter to respond to an online question as to whether or not he thought it was an intelligent decision to have the photographer present at the event, tweeting No it was not.  However, Cohen would not elaborate when pressed for further opinions.Other former security officials have made their unease over the whole situation public, with some describing it as a potential security threat, claiming that White House security screenings aren t foolproof and sophisticated espionage devices could be missed. Others have noted that, not only is it not below the Russians to plant a bug in the White House, but if they managed to pull off such a feat, it wouldn t be the first time they were successful. In late 1999, a listening device that was eventually traced back to Russia was found in a White House conference room where Secretary of State Madeleine Albright had been conducting meetings.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1513, Trump Incriminates Himself: I Decided To Fire Comey; Demanded He Give Me Details On My Investigation,"In what may go down in history as one of the greatest fatal mistakes any president has ever made, Trump decided to sit down with NBC s Lester Holt and spill the beans on his decision to fire FBI Director James Comey mid-way through the FBI s investigation into Trump s collusion with Russia. Even casual observers of the law know that when you stand accused of crimes, in this case going all the way up to possible treason, the best thing to do is shut up and get a lawyer. Instead Trump just gave an unhinged confession of sorts that will be broadcast worldwide.The clip that everyone will be talking about came when Holt turned to Trump s decision to fire Comey and the reasons behind it. A visibly angry Trump managed to debunk his own administration s lies about the circumstances behind the dismissal and instead incriminated himself.By White House versions, Trump decided to fire Comey after he was given that recommendation by the Deputy Attorney General and after realizing Comey had lost the respect of the American people and those working within the FBI. By Trump s telling, he had already made up his mind to fire Comey long before any recommendation passed his desk and even went further: I was going to fire Comey. My decision. It was not A stunned Holt interrupt him to clarify:  You had made decision before they had come into the room? Trump, not realizing he may as well have been confessing to a bank robbery, nonchalantly responds in the affirmative:  I was going to fire Comey. There s no good time to do it, by the way. That s huge, because Trump is admitting his personal grudge against Comey led directly to the FBI Director s dismissal. His hand wasn t forced. He just didn t like Comey or what he was looking into.But Trump, oblivious to all of this, marched on and stumbled into an even greater admission of guilt: He also claimed to have directly asked the FBI director for details about his investigation. That s a HUGE no-no. In one case I called him In one case he called me  I actually asked him. I said,  If it s possible, will you let me know am I under investigation?' According to Trump, Comey assured him he wasn t. (Comey, in fact, has testified under oath that Trump and his campaign are under investigation meaning Trump is lying or Comey is. Which is more likely?) But in either case, what Trump is confessing to is a major ethical and perhaps even legal violation. Demanding an FBI investigator provide you   the person he s investigating   with up-to-date details on how the case is proceeding presents all sorts of problems.BREAKING: I was going to fire Comey anyway, Pres. Trump tells @LesterHoltNBC in exclusive interview at White House https://t.co/MAmo1PE1RL  NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) May 11, 2017Ultimately, it may have been the fact that Comey wouldn t give Trump the details on his investigation that led to his dismissal. Sources close to Trump say the White House was furious when Comey refused to unethically hand over his planned remarks before his congressional hearing in the days before his firing.If this were a game of Clue, Trump just confessed to being in the billiard room with the candlestick. On national television.Featured image via Twitter",0
1514," BREAKING: Acting FBI Director McCabe Contradicts White House, Says Russian Probe Will Continue","Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe testified today in front of the Senate Intelligence Committee. When asked if the rank and file employees of the law enforcement agency, he said,  Director Comey enjoyed broad support within the F.B.I. and still does to this day. The vast majority of F.B.I. employees enjoyed a deep and positive connection to Director Comey, McCabe went on to say,  It has been the greatest privilege and honor of my professional life to have worked with him. When asked about the current investigation into any ties between the Trump campaign, McCabe said that the agency considers this investigation to be very important and serious. As to what impact Comey s firing will have on the investigation, he said,  The work of the men and women of the FBI continues despite any changes in circumstances,  he said in response to a question from Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida.  There has been no effort to impede our investigation to date. Simply put, you cannot stop the men and women of the FBI from doing the right thing. Given what the White House has said this week, both areas are important. Yesterday, White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders told the press that the reason Comey was fired was because, among other things, that he had lost the confidence of the agents there. One reason many believe President Trump fired Comey, and no one believes anyone but Trump made this decision, because he thought it might slow down the investigation. It now appears neither of those ideas are true.Featured image via Alex Wong/ Getty Images.",0
1515," Dan Rather Blasts GOP For Protecting Trump, Gives Them A Tongue Lashing They’ll Never Forget (VIDEO)","Legendary journalist Dan Rather has become a major critic of Donald Trump and the GOP, and if there s anyone who should be commenting on the firing of FBI Director James Comey, it s him.On MSNBC s Hardball with Chris Matthews, Rather weighed in on Trump s shady behavior in firing Comey right as the Russia investigation was heating up. In his appearance, Rather said he wanted the Republican Party to take a good look at themselves and figure out why they refused to hold Trump accountable when it s blatantly obvious that this is a cover-up.In speaking with Matthews, Rather called Trump s termination of Comey a  smoke screen  and stated that the Russia scandal needs to be done by an independent commission with a special prosecutor, which many people are calling for. Rather said: [The Comey firing], it s smoke screen, it s cover. I ll be very surprised if it fools very many among the American people.   What s needed here are some Republican leaders. Republicans have the White House, they have the Supreme Court, they have the Congress. This is going to require some Republican officeholders with guts who say to themselves,  I want the Trump administration to succeed, I want my party to succeed, but more importantly, I want to do what s good for the country.  And they know, in that secret place behind their hearts that what s good for the country is an independent, bipartisan commission with a special prosecutor. Rather has always nailed it when it comes to analyzing Trump, and he did it again. It s obvious that Comey s firing was meant to be a distraction, and everyone seems to acknowledge this except for the GOP. The Republican Party s tendency to look the other way and protect their own is hurting the country and will have serious consequences if something is not done immediately.The best thing Republicans can do now is act like grown ups and forget about getting one over on the Democrats so that Trump s issues can be dealt with. America s democracy cannot be played with, and should not be compromised because the GOP refuses to work with others. If they cannot, an independent commission is America s only hope for Trump to be held accountable.You can watch Rather tear the GOP to shreds below:Dan Rather to Republicans: Show some guts and hold Trump accountable for this cover-up pic.twitter.com/lcbgSMldV5  Sean Colarossi (@SeanColarossi) May 10, 2017Featured image via Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images ",0
1516, Trump Spotted Hanging Up Easily The Most Pathetic Picture Of All Time In The White House (PHOTO),"By generous accounts Trump is facing a scandal as inflammatory as Watergate. By less than generous accounts, Trump is facing a scandal even more inflammatory than Watergate. So what is he doing to address it? Apparently, clamping his hands over his ears, squeezing his eyes closed tight and wishing it was November 9, 2016 again.In what may go down as one of the saddest moments in West Wing history, Trump s aides were spotted shuffling in a giant framed picture of you guessed it  the election map. Adding even more idiocy to the moment, the map is helpfully marked  2016 Presidential Election Results. Spotted: A map to be hung somewhere in the West Wing pic.twitter.com/TpPPDyNFtE  Trey Yingst (@TreyYingst) May 11, 2017It was a blown up version of the same election map that Trump has been carrying around with him as he goes about his days. He is so proud of the election map that he even printed out extra copies to give to several reporters who sat down with him in the Oval Office.here's a pic from reuters of Trump with the electoral maps he showed to reporters yesterday pic.twitter.com/1X3edpeJDQ  Gideon Resnick (@GideonResnick) April 28, 2017Trump reportedly loves his maps so much that he begged the Washington Post run the map on the front page of its newspaper. (They said no.)The framed picture which will now hang somewhere in the West Wing (along historic portraits of former presidents and paintings commissioned from world-famous painters) seems to be Trump s answer to the press for not doing his bidding: If you won t run the map in your newspapers, I ll just hang it up in the White House!Trump, angry, bitter, and increasingly beleaguered by self-created scandals, has retreated further and further into his ego-friendly safe space. The fact that his map   which reflects the election results by county   doesn t show what he thinks it shows only makes his desperation more pathetic. Trump see s a lot of red, literally explains to reporter that it represents  us,  and thinks it shows that people like him. Instead, the map s colors are misleading. Trump may have won a lot of counties   but the ones he won are mostly empty, and trees don t vote. The blue spots represent the biggest areas of human population in the country, including Trump s hometown of New York City, and they all voted against him. That s why he lost by three million votes.Featured image via Twitter",0
1517, This ‘Daily Show’ Reunion Is Exactly What America Needs Right Now,"For many people, Jon Stewart s  The Daily Show  was a welcome antidote to anything that happened during each day of the George W. Bush presidency. Now that we are 114 days into the era of President Donald Trump, it is needed more than ever. Luckily, Jon Stewart, Samantha Bee, Ed Helms and Rob Corddry were brought together by Stephen Colbert to give the country the next best thing; a  Daily Show  reunion.The group of funny people chatted about their experiences on the show, clips were played and they did one sketch. Watching the group talking about the sketches they had done and then looking at the sketches themselves was a good way to remember why we loved that show just so much.It is sometimes hard to imagine how the events that are currently happening in Washington, DC could possibly be satirized but it would be great to watch these talented people give it a try.Part one:Part two:Stephen Colbert s last day at  the Daily Show. Featured image via CBS",0
1518, Snowflake Alert: Kellyanne Conway Says Anderson Cooper Is Sexist Because He Rolled His Eyes (VIDEO),"White House counselor Kellyanne Conway is offended because CNN s Anderson Cooper rolled his eyes during an interview with her. Who are the snowflakes again? During an interview on Wednesday Conway thought Cooper was being a big ol  meanie over Trump s bizarre timing in firing FBI Director James Comey.Cooper had had it with her lies. He eventually just rolled his eyes and that moment circulated around the Internet and gifs were made. Conway has, after all, been called out on her lies before.On Thursday, Conway appeared on  Fox & Friends  and accused Cooper of sexism for rolling his eyes during the interview. I face sexism a lot of times when I show up for interviews like that,  Conway said.Watch:WATCH: @KellyannePolls reacts to Anderson Cooper's eyeroll pic.twitter.com/NUa0EftToi  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) May 11, 2017Cooper played clips of Donald Trump praising Comey, then Conway defended her boss. Her desperate defense prompted an eye roll from the CNN host.Conway said,  You are conflating two things that don t belong together. Thanks for the trip down memory lane. I was on your show often last fall, [wink], saying we were going to win Michigan and how we were going to do it,  and that s when Cooper rolled his eyes.Conway suggested that she was the victim of an eye roll because she works for a Republican. Could you imagine   having a male anchor on the network roll eyes at Hillary Clinton, at somebody   a female representative spokeswoman for President Obama or President Bill Clinton? I think not,  she said. Hillary Clinton is in search of sexism as a lame excuse for why her disastrous candidacy and campaign lost six months ago,  the propagandist added.  I face sexism a lot of times when I show up for interviews like that. Right, so Hillary never faced sexism during the campaign, according to Ms. Liar Pants.  Trump that Bitch  was a favorite slogan with Trump supporters. Or how about that time Trump tweeted (then deleted) that  If Hillary Clinton can t satisfy her husband what makes her think she can satisfy America?  Blaming a woman for her husband s infidelity is sexist, by the way.Image of the Snowflake via screen capture. ",0
1519, Trump’s Approval Rating Took A HUGE Nosedive Right BEFORE He Fired Comey (DETAILS),"Trump just can t get anything off the ground for his failing presidency. Every time his approval numbers start to inch up, he does something else and the next poll shows his approval in the tank again. And sometimes, like now, it slips below its previous crater.According to a Quinnipiac poll conducted May 4-9, only 36 percent of registered approve of the job Trump is doing. That s down from 40 percent in mid-April, and is a near-record low for his presidency. On April 4, his approval was 35 percent.This poll was conducted before Trump fired James Comey from his position as FBI Director, so that controversy hasn t hit the polls yet. This nosedive is in response to other things Trump and the Republicans have done over the last several weeks. But even without that, 61 percent of voters think Trump is a goddamn liar (he is), and 66 percent believe he s not levelheaded (he isn t).Trump s biggest drop was among white voters without a college education. These people are the same who voted for him because they bought his song and dance about being able to bring an unprecedented level of prosperity back to them. Just 47 percent approve of his job now, compared to 57 percent last month.10 percent is a huge drop for less than four weeks, particularly from Trump s own base.Another interesting aspect of this poll is that a majority of Americans now want the Democrats to take control of Congress in 2018   that number stands at 54 percent, compared to just 38 percent that want Republicans to retain control. The biggest thing people seem to be unhappy with is the GOP s very unpopular plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Neither Trump nor Republicans seem to care that even their own constituents want them to fix the ACA rather than repeal it.On April 19, Trump s approval rating among independents was 38 percent, and that has likewise plummeted. It stands at just 29 percent now.Remember, none of this includes the clusterfuck surrounding James Comey s termination. It ll be interesting to see what happens going forward   that decision was extremely controversial, and Congressional Democrats, along with some Republicans, are unhappy and suspicious now.Featured image by Molly Riley-Pool via Getty Images",0
1520, Former McCain Chief Of Staff Thinks U.S. Needs A Democratic Congress,"Things just keep getting stranger for Republicans in Washington. More and more Republicans are coming out and calling the recent firing of former FBI Director James Comey a massive abuse of power. With Senator Majority Mitch McConnell (R-KY) and House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) both clearly unwilling to challenge President Donald J. Trump, one high level GOP staff member is calling for the return of Congressional control to the Democrats. Mark Salter was the chief of staff to Senator John McCain (R-AZ) and served as a high level advisor to McCain s 2008 presidential campaign tweeted that he thinks U.S. national security may depend on giving Congress back to the Democrats.Words I thought I'd never say: the security of the United States might now depend on electing a Democratic Congress in 2018.  Mark Salter (@MarkSalter55) May 10, 2017This is nothing short of extraordinary. Nothing this week has been anywhere near normal. Only one other time in American history has the president fired the director of the FBI. Bill Clinton only fired William Sessions because Sessions had misused government funds for personal use.The White House explanation for the firing was that Comey had mishandled the investigation into Hillary Clinton s emails. What? The official story is that Comey lost his job because he was mean to Hillary? Does any one really think this explanation lives in the same zip code as plausibility?In a week this strange, it is hard to decide what the strangest part has been.Last night, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer was caught in the bushes and would only do a briefing if the press kept their cameras off.Some Republicans have come out with questions about the reasons Comey was fired. The usual skeptical suspects, Senators McCain and Lindsey Graham (R-SC) have been joined by Senators Richard Burr (R-NC), Jeff Flake (R-AZ) and Ben Sasse (R-NE).You have to wonder if any of the Republicans in Congress who are blindly following Trump even read the oath of office they all took not all that long ago.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images.",0
1521, Deputy Attorney General PISSED; Trump Ordered Him To Find Reason To Fire Comey,"Just when you think you re starting to figure out what happened with James Comey getting fired from the FBI, another tidbit of information comes out and turns the whole thing on its head once again.In a new twist, Donald Trump knew that Comey reported directly to Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein. So, in an effort to move things along with Comey, he had them come to the White House.According to The Washington Post: The president already had decided to fire Comey, according to this person. But in the meeting, several White House officials said Trump gave Sessions and Rosenstein a directive: to explain in writing the case against Comey. And we all know what happened next. The memos were written by all parties and made public pretty fast. Faster than Comey could even become aware he was fired.Here s the thing, though. Deputy AG Rosenstein is pissed he s basically become the fall guy for Trump.WaPo reports: Rosenstein threatened to resign after the narrative emerging from the White House on Tuesday evening cast him as a prime mover of the decision to fire Comey and that the president acted only on his recommendation, said the person close to the White House, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter. You see, the narrative came out that Comey went to the Justice Department only days before he was fired requesting  more prosecutors and other personnel to accelerate the bureau s investigation into Russia s interference in the presidential election.  And this request was made to Rosenstein,  whose memo was used to justify Mr. Comey s abrupt dismissal on Tuesday. Now that Rosenstein is pissed, it s looking more and more likely that Trump may have planned it this way and made Rosenstein the fall guy for Comey s removal.The plot in this story of mayhem is definitely getting thicker and it will be interesting to see how things progress in the coming weeks and months.Featured Photo by Getty Images",0
1522, BREAKING: Comey Was Troubled By Evidence Of ‘Collusion With Russia’ When Trump Fired Him,"It s interesting that Donald Trump, in his letter terminating FBI Director James Comey, noted that Mr. Comey had allegedly told the President* on three separate occasions that he is not being investigated for two reasons: the FBI admitted in a legal filing recently that they are, indeed, directly investigating Donald Trump s public plea for Russia to hack his opponents, and another little tidbit of information that surfaced in a Wall Street Journal report   Comey did indeed suspect collusion. In fact, there is evidence.While Trump, who has said that Comey did Hillary Clinton a huge favor in not charging her for crimes she did not commit, claims that the firing was because of how oh-so-terribly unfair the former Director was to his former opponent (the same one he asked Russia to hack), CNN reports that the firing was because Comey refused to provide Trump with an assurance of personal loyalty and because the investigation was  accelerating  (Comey had requested additional funds for the investigation just before he was terminated).The WSJ reports that at the time of his firing, contrary to Trump s assertion, Comey had become increasingly concerned to the point of requesting daily instead of weekly updates on the investigation:Mr. Comey started receiving daily instead of weekly updates on the investigation, beginning at least three weeks ago, according to people with knowledge of the matter and the progress of the Federal Bureau of Investigation probe. Mr. Comey was concerned by information showing possible evidence of collusion, according to these people.White House officials said Wednesday that Mr. Trump had for months been contemplating the possibility of removing Mr. Comey, and that the dismissal this week wasn t connected to the Russian probe.Comey had been asked by lawmakers to  accelerate  the investigation, according to the WSJ, and had briefed them on Monday on his plan to do so   yes, right before he was fired.Donald Trump is getting worried. Recently, he changed his Twitter header to a quote of one of his own tweets. That tweet was a lie claiming that James Clapper had confirmed that there was  no evidence  to support claims of collusion.The investigation is heating up. Subpoenas have been issued, and every animal   even especially stupid, especially orange ones   can sense its end.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)",0
1523, Bombshell Report Reveals What Comey REALLY Thought Of Trump,"By now, the whole world knows that the investigation into Donald Trump and his campaign s ties to Russia is likely what led to the firing of FBI Director James Comey. However, new reporting also reveals that Comey really didn t think much of Trump in the first place. According to a report in The Week, Comey had expressed concern about Trump s temperament as it related to the presidency and the leadership of the nation. He allegedly told confidantes that Trump is  crazy  and  outside the realm of normal. Like the rest of the sane people in America, Comey also seemed to believe that Trump s lack of self restraint and his impulsive and reckless statements on Twitter were a danger to the nation. Further, it seems that Trump was angry with Comey on several occasions as well. When Comey testified in open Congressional hearing that there was no evidence to corroborate Trump s claim that President Obama wiretapped Trump Tower, Trump was incensed. The same is true of Comey s refusal to pledge loyalty to Trump instead of the United States Constitution.Daniel C. Richman, a close adviser to Comey, says of the situation: With a president who seems to prize personal loyalty above all else and a director with absolute commitment to the Constitution and pursuing investigations wherever the evidence led, a collision was bound to happen. Indeed. And that is the problem: Trump doesn t give a damn about the Constitution or the rule of law; in fact, he seems to only care for himself and what benefits him and makes him look good. He doesn t care about the American people, or the nation. This whole sorry excuse for a  presidency  is nothing more than the ultimate reality show for an incompetent, unfit fool with the biggest ego in the world. Unfortunately, we re all paying the price.Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
1524, Comey Sources Are Speaking Out; He Was Fired For Two Reasons And They Are Both Frightening (VIDEO),"Days after testifying in front of Congress and after requesting more resources for the Russian investigation, FBI Director James Comey was fired on Tuesday night, effective immediately.The Trump administration is blaming Comey s handling of the Hillary Clinton emails, which makes no sense whatsoever because Trump loved Comey s handling of the emails in October. Trump tried to make the case that he fired Comey for being mean to Hillary Clinton, but even the most rabid Trump supporters have to acknowledge that his  Lock Her Up,  slogan is completely incompatible with Trump s given rationale.It doesn t take a tin foil conspiracy theorist to imagine that the real reason for the Comey firing is that he was getting too close to the truth in investigating Trump s Russia connections. NPR imagines even more scenarios, like the fact that Comey was becoming too big and was stepping on poor little Donnie s ego. It s becoming more and more likely though, that there were just two reasons Comey was fired and both of them should scare the hell out of you.According to two sources that CNN is calling  close to Comey,  the two reasons Comey was fired were:#2 confirms everything we ve been assuming since the news broke Tuesday night. #1, though, while not at all surprising, is almost more frightening. Trump had to have approached Comey at some point, demanding his loyalty. That s third-rate Banana Republic dictator crap. It makes one wonder just how many people have had to make an oath of loyalty, not to the Constitution, but to Trump. Maybe it s just the people who might have damaging goods on the administration or maybe it s every single person in his administration, which could explain why hundreds of jobs still remain unfilled within the Executive Branch.Loyalty oaths or no loyalty oaths, the Trump administration s charade when it comes to the handling is quickly coming unraveled. It likely won t be long before Comey, and not just sources close to him, are speaking out   and perhaps speaking to Congress.Featured image via Zach Gibson/Getty Images",0
1525, Top Dems Take Action To Keep Documents On Russia Investigation Safe From Trump,"Democrats are taking action to keep Donald Trump away from documents related to the investigation of his possible collusion with Russia to steal the presidential election. Following the firing of FBI Director James Comey, top ranking members of the Judiciary Committee sent a letter to the Justice Department urging the FBI to retain all Russia investigation documents and not share them with the Trump administration. It was brazen, one of the most staggering, stunning acts of a president compromising an investigation,  Sen. Richard Blumenthal, said.Trump s decision to fire Comey (the person who just happened to be investigating him) is being compared to Richard Nixon s Saturday Night Massacre and Democrats have called his actions  Nixonian,   mind-boggling  and  a cover-up. If there was any question about the need for a special prosecutor, there is none now,  Blumenthal said. They fired Sally Yates. They fired Preet Bharara. And now they fired Director Comey, the very man leading the investigation. This does not seem to be a coincidence, Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said. Comey was scheduled to testify on Thursday but what will happen now that he is no longer heading up the FBI remains to be seen. I doubt if he ll attend on Thursday but it is still my strong desire to have now-former director Comey to come and testify before the committee,  Sen. Mark Warner said.Comey has indeed been invited to testify as a private citizen, although he has not yet accepted the offer. If he were to do so, and it was a closed-door hearing, he would be free to provide much more information now that he is not the director of the FBI. And this could prove disastrous for Trump.Hopefully, the FBI and the DOJ do as the Democrats are asking and keep these vital documents pertaining to the Russia investigation safe from not only the White House but Attorney General Jeff Sessions as well. Trump and his crooked cronies certainly aren t afraid of trying to make the evidence of their collusion disappear. They are in so deep that they will stop at nothing to escape the inevitable consequences that are coming.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1526, Betsy DeVos TOTALLY HUMILIATED During Keynote Speech At Historically Black University,"U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos tried to give a speech at the graduation ceremony of a historically black university, and things did not go well for her.When DeVos began to speak at Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida, the students loudly booed her and turned their backs.  I am honored to become a Wildcat,  DeVos started out, waving her honorary doctorate in the air proudly. And then the boos started and they did not stop. If this behavior continues your degrees will be mailed to you,  insisted Edison Jackson, the school s president.  Choose which way you want to go.  Unfortunately for DeVos, that didn t shut them up. Jackson was also booed when he tried mentioned White House communications official Omarosa Manigault.  You don t know her, nor do you know her story,  Jackson whined, which only prompted the crowd to boo more.The decision to have DeVos give the keynote address at the graduation ceremony has been a source of contention since the announcement was made. On Tuesday, protesters presented the school with petitions and called on leaders to cancel her speech. The petition had garnered 50,000 signatures. According to their complaints, not only has DeVos failed to support student loan borrowers, but she is also fundamentally ignorant about HBCUs.She proved this last part herself in February when she said that HBCUs were  real pioneers when it comes to school choice. They saw that the system wasn t working, that there was an absence of opportunity, so they took it upon themselves to provide the solution,  she said in a statement after meeting with school leaders.As a result of these obviously problematic remarks, DeVos has been accused  whitewashing  the history of these historically black institutions. In an attempt to save face, she later said that these schools arose  out of necessity, in the face of racism.  But that doesn t seem to have been enough to appease the students who just booed her.Jasmine Johnson, one of the graduating students who was not even a little impressed with DeVos  presence, explained why she was so upset.  For someone to come and speak at my commencement that cannot relate to me or know what I have been through is kind of like a slap in the face,  she said.According to the petition against DeVos  visit, asking her to speak at the commencement ceremony was an  insult  to the school s legacy. In addition, the NAACP Florida State Conference is calling for Jackson s resignation.You can watch DeVos get humiliated here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1527, White Las Vegas Teen Caught On Camera Calling Black Student ‘F*cking N*****’ (VIDEO),"A Las Vegas high school student was caught on camera calling an African-American classmate a  f*cking n*gger  in a shockingly racist rant that went viral after someone on her school bus filmed the incident and posted it online.Not much is known about the incident yet, but according to someone who tweeted the video   he says he s a friend of the target of the slur   the black student who filmed the girl s hateful ravings was punished for filming it. The person behind the camera was scheduled for a mandatory parent meeting   complete with suspension. A school in Vegas just rpcd a black kid for recording a Caucasian female calling him a  n*gger  on the bus,  the teen, who goes by  Key  on Twitter, wrote.  Any thoughts? @FOX5Vegas @FOX5Vegas pic.twitter.com/wayrBn7H42  Key ? ? (@Kizzy_K42) May 9, 2017Asked what  rpcd  means, he explained:@yoongisblanket @goldenseoulss @FOX5Vegas Required parent conference suspension until the meeting  Key ? ? (@Kizzy_K42) May 10, 2017The girl can be heard saying that someone  is black but he makes himself look like a f*cking n*gger  before huffing and sitting back in her seat, turning away from the person filming.  Key  says that he does not wish to reveal the name of the school because he fears retaliation from the school for exposing what happened, adding that it  started when she said she was better than him because she s white :@FOX5Vegas Btw not giving out a lot of info for my protection being that this is my Senior year  Key ? ? (@Kizzy_K42) May 9, 2017One poster   a friendly white Trump supporter attempting to intimidate a former student of the school who commented on the video and apparently knows the girl   revealed that the students are from Shadow Ridge High School. We have redacted identifying information from her post:Welcome to Trump s America, where more and more people are deeming it acceptable to hurl racial slurs at minorities.Featured image via screengrab",0
1528," Trump Meets With Russian Officials One Day After Firing Comey, Bars American Media From The Room","Donald Trump just met with the Russian ambassador who is at the center of his scandal and made sure no American reporters were there to cover their conversation.If Trump offered the Russians anything in return for helping him win the election, Wednesday s meeting with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak was the prime opportunity to give them their reward.Kislyak, as you may recall, is the Russian official who spoke with Michael Flynn during the transition. Kislyak also met with Jeff Sessions, who did not disclose the meeting during his confirmation hearing prior to being confirmed as Attorney General. Sessions has since recused himself from the Russia investigation.Kislyak is the central Russian figure involved in Trump s Russia scandal, yet Trump gladly met with him in private on Wednesday, the day after Trump fired FBI Director James Comey as the FBI continues to investigate Trump s collusion with Russia. But Trump went a step further by barring American media from covering the meeting, preferring to give Russian state media (also known as Vladimir Putin s propaganda machine) access instead.The Russian Embassy posted a photo of the meeting on Twitter.Ambassador Kislyak and President Trump /    .       .  pic.twitter.com/Ckkx2YL9KX  Russia in USA ?? (@RusEmbUSA) May 10, 2017That s when Washington Post reporter Glenn Kessler pointed out that American media were excluded from the Oval Office meeting.NO US press allowed in with meeting with @potus so we have to rely on images from Russian state media https://t.co/l4KzhHq8s6  Glenn Kessler (@GlennKesslerWP) May 10, 2017So Donald Trump basically held a secret meeting with the Russian official most involved in his Russia scandal and made sure that the media in the United States could not be in the room. Meanwhile, Russian state media was allowed to be there and take what amounts to propaganda photos. And we all know that Russian state media won t give us an accurate account of what Trump and Kislyak talked about.They could have talked about the Russia scandal and investigation and no one will ever know about.Trump s disdain for the free press has just reached a new low, and Twitter ripped his throat out for it.@RusEmbUSA pic.twitter.com/m1sECOygBE  Jaime Primak (@JaimePrimak) May 10, 2017@RusEmbUSA Is that today? You gotta be kidding me.  LauraJane (@LJR1626) May 10, 2017@RusEmbUSA Ladies & gentlemen, the Party of Reagan of getting buddy-buddy with the Kremlin after firing the Director of the FBI for doing his job.  Drew Gibson (@SuppressThis) May 10, 2017@RusEmbUSA How much $$$ did Trump get for firing Comey? He s got a huge grin on his face, and the only thing that makes him happy is $$$. #TrumpRussia  surfkitty  ??  (@surfkitty) May 10, 2017@GlennKesslerWP @PattiSolisDoyle @POTUS Shocking .us press not allowed in but russian media is?  kevin cornell (@cornelli00) May 10, 2017@GlennKesslerWP @Carolyny1948 @POTUS This should not be allowed ..The White House is becoming the headquarters of the Russian Spies!!!!!!  lolmnan2w92w9w29 (@lizzbeth5301) May 10, 2017@GlennKesslerWP @jonkarl @POTUS The lack of transparency & the events of the past 24 hrs R beyond troubling! The Great Deal Maker could be selling out our country  Kathy (@Sparklesrapture) May 10, 2017@GlennKesslerWP @DrBashir2017 @POTUS @RusEmbUSA Putin s Puppet chose State Run Russian Media over our Free Press Wish I could be surprised  Mark Z (@Mark_Z_NJ) May 10, 2017Featured Image: Twitter",0
1529, BOMBSHELL: FBI Admits They Are Directly Investigating Donald Trump,"Donald Trump thanked outgoing FBI Director James Comey for informing me, on three separate occasions, that I am not under investigation,  but it seems that The Donald is lying. The shocking firing of the man who was investigating Trump came just after the former FBI chief requested additional resources for the investigation  a sign that things were not going well for Trump and his accomplices. But you know what else is a sign that things aren t going well? The FBI just confirmed that they are investigating Trump directly despite his claims to the contrary.An open records request from The Sparrow Project reveals that there is an  active ongoing investigation  into Trump. The organization requested disclosure of any and all records, including investigative records, mentioning or referring to Donald J. Trump s statement on 27 July, 2016 [regarding Secretary Hillary Clinton s State Department emails],  Russia, if you re listening, I hope you re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing,  and  I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press. The FBI dragged its heels on the request, prompting a lawsuit demanding that the FOIA request be fulfilled. The Bureau had initially refused to confirm nor deny the existence of any records related to the request, but that changed in the agency s legal response, which confirms an  active, ongoing investigation  and says the FBI is concerned that any release could  reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings. It s worth noting that the requested records were not related to Trump s associates or Russian accomplices   the request solely related to him and his demand that Russia hack Hillary Clinton.Things are bad for the Russia administration   and they are only going to get much worse after Trump s attempt to interfere with the investigation.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)",0
1530," Trump Explains Why He Fired James Comey, F*cks Up And Admits He Should Be Impeached (VIDEO)","After kicking the morning off with a tweet storm attacking Democrats for criticizing his choice to fire FBI Director James Comey, Trump only seemed to make matters worse as the day went on.While meeting with pool reporters in the White House, Trump gave a public explanation for the termination of Comey, and accidentally made himself look horrible in the process. Keeping his message short and sweet, Trump said that the reason he fired Comey was because: He wasn t doing a good job, very simply. He was not doing a good job. You can watch that baffling moment below, where Trump cluelessly insults himself and ignored every question about Russia before kicking all the reporters out:That s certainly a strange thing for Trump to say, because by now he must know that his own approval rating is historically low and it continues to plummet with every failure his administration suffers. If Trump agrees that an FBI Director can be fired for their poor performance, it only makes sense that the same should apply to Trump.There s overwhelming evidence that Trump s job performance sucks   and it s not just his disastrous approval rating or the fact that polls show that most Americans want him out. From Trump s failed Muslim travel ban to his disgusting American Health Care Act (Trumpcare), Trump s first 100 days have been filled with failure after failure. There have been several times where Trump had to resort to taking credit for former President Barack Obama s work just to save his image.America is so much worse off now that Trump is in the White House, and if the country has to suffer through the rest of his term, the damage may be irreversible by the time we get a more qualified POTUS. But today, Trump accidentally said those magic words: if Comey can be fired for doing a bad job, so should he.Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
1531, WATCH: Kellyanne Conway Wore Out Her Welcome On CNN As Soon As She Opened Her Mouth,"CNN host Anderson Cooper s reactions to Kellyanne Conway throughout this interview are priceless.After firing FBI Director James Comey on Tuesday, the wicked witch of the White House made her return to the cable news circuit to spout more bullshit in defense of her mentally defective boss.Conway was repeatedly reminded that Trump loved Comey during the 2016 campaign, but she repeatedly made an ass of herself by pretending that candidate Trump no longer exists. As a candidate, Donald Trump praised James Comey,  Cooper said.  Donald Trump talked about this on the campaign all the time. All of sudden the White House is concerned about James Comey s handling of Hillary Clinton s email? I think you re looking at the wrong set of facts here, Anderson,  Conway bewilderingly replied.  In other words you re going back to the campaign. This is the president of the United States, he acted decisively today, he acted at the direction of his deputy attorney general. He makes complete sense because he has lost confidence in the FBI director and he took the recommendation of Rob Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general who has been on the job for two weeks. Cooper then proceeded to grill Conway. That makes no sense,  he fired back.  He said one thing as candidate and now he s concerned as president? Clearly, this White House is under investigation, the people around the president are under investigation. You would agree with that, yes? In defiance of the facts, Conway disagreed and whined about people who are  obsessed  with Russia. Then she argued that since she s around Trump and not under investigation that others cannot be. I m around the president,  Conway said.  I m not under investigation. So that person doesn t exist anymore?  Cooper asked.  Candidate Donald Trump, that s a fictional character we are no longer allowed to refer to? We can only refer to the Donald Trump who exists today? Conway accused Cooper of being mean and claimed that Trump fired Comey because he  needs confidence in his FBI director and he doesn t have it. Throughout the interview, Cooper can be seen reacting to Conway s most inane responses with facial expressions. At one point, he even rolled his eyes because of how ridiculous her answers were.Here s the video via YouTube.Clearly, CNN wasted their time and ours by inviting Conway on to spread Trump s propaganda. The only thing saving this interview is Copper s reactions to being gaslighted.The only reason why Trump fired Comey is because the FBI is investigating his Russia scandal. Trump just impeded that investigation and obstructed justice by firing the man in charge of it. Now Trump will likely put someone in charge who will drop the investigation. This is exactly the kid of shady shit that Richard Nixon did in order to cover-up his involvement in Watergate. He resigned rather than face impeachment. Trump should not only face impeachment, he should actually be impeached and put in prison.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1532, Kellyanne Conway Threatens Media: It’s ‘Inappropriate’ To Question Comey’s Firing (VIDEO),"On Tuesday, the United States received a major blow against system of checks and balances when Donald Trump clumsily and unceremoniously fired FBI Director James Comey right after Comey testified in front of a Senate panel about the administration s Russian connections. Now, it seems, the administration wants to stifle another critical part of our democracy   the media, who according to Trump spokesperson Kellyanne Conway, has no right to ask about the firing.Conway, who dialed her smug mean girl persona up to 11 for CNN s Chris Cuomo, was adamant in the idea that the media would be acting inappropriately if they did their job in questioning the very suspicious timing of the firing. In fact, asserted Conway, Trump will do what he wants when he wants (isn t that the calling card of a dictator?). You want to question when he hires, when he fires. That s inappropriate,  she said.  He ll do it when he wants to. Despite the fact that the timing of and the reason for the firing doesn t pass the sniff test, Conway continued to assert the administration line that Comey was fired over the Clinton emails. In the past, Trump had praised Comey for his handling of the Hillary Clinton emails, but yesterday he fired him for the same thing? The idea that you think this was about Russia and not about an FBI director who just forced his bureau to correct sworn testimony that Huma Abedin forwarded hundreds of thousands of emails,  Conway said, trailing off. President Trump wants an FBI director who is impartial, who is not politicized, who has the trust of the FBI and Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill,  she added.  There are any number of issues and evens that brought the president to this decision. Source: Washington ExaminerHere s the video:Conway:  You want to question the timing of when [Trump] fires, when he hires  He ll do it when he wants to.  https://t.co/5SliOOTse8  CNN (@CNN) May 10, 2017That, my friends, is the sound of democracy dying, It s a quicker death than I would have imagined.Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
1533," Advisers Leak What Trump Does When He Sees Russia Scandal On TV — It’s Really, Really Weird","When getting to the truth behind Donald Trump s scandals, there s probably nothing more revealing than Trump s Twitter history and his erratic behavior. Time and time again, we ve seen that when Trump s scandals begin to close in on him, he just gets crazier and does whatever he can to distract from the situation. And if his public behavior wasn t concerning enough, what Trump does behind the closed doors of the White House is even worse.According to a new report from Politico, Trump can t even act like a mature grown up when he watches television and sees segments about his Russia scandal. Behaving more like an old bitter retiree than the sitting President of the United States, Trump apparently can t contain himself and resorts to yelling at the television.Politico states that  two advisers  said that Trump would sometimes scream at television clips about the probe  into his Russia investigation. Because that s not incriminating or weird at all, right?Honestly, the best thing Trump could do for his scandals and public image is to just stay the hell away from social media and cable TV   but we all know that Trump can t do that. And as long as Trump lacks the self control to manage his emotions or the insane amount of television and social media he consumes, these outbursts are going to get him in even more trouble.This information from Trump s advisers shows that Trump will do anything to make this scandal go away   to the degree that he has to scream at televisions to vent his anger. This kind of uncontrollable rage is exactly what the majority of Americans who voted against Trump were afraid of   a man this unhinged should never have access to nuclear codes. With any luck, Trump s scandals will be his downfall and we won t have to deal with him much longer.Featured image via Mark Wilson / Getty Images",0
1534, ‘Turn The Lights Off!’: Spicer Literally Hid In the Bushes From Reporters After Trump Fired Comey,"Brave White House press secretary Sean Spicer had an odd appropriate reaction after his boss abruptly fired the man who was leading an investigation into his administration s ties to Russia. Spicer had just finished a brief interview with Fox Business from the White House grounds late Tuesday night then he took cover in the bushes to avoid questions, according to The Washington Post. Spicer huddled with his staff behind a tall hedge. To get back to his office, Spicer would have to pass a swarm of reporters wanting to know why Trump abruptly fired FBI director James Comey.The White House press secretary had to get back to his office somehow but to do that he needed to pass a swarm of reporters.Spicer and his staff turned themselves into pretzels for hours in an attempt to defend Trump s bizarre decision to fire Comey.The Washington Post reports:Spicer had wanted to drop the bombshell news in an emailed statement, but it was not transmitting quickly enough, so he ended up standing in the doorway of the press office around 5:40 p.m. and shouting a statement to reporters who happened to be nearby. He then vanished, with his staff locking the door leading to his office. The press staff said that Spicer might do a briefing, then announced that he definitely wouldn t say anything more that night. But as Democrats and Republicans began to criticize and question the firing with increasing levels of alarm, Spicer and two prominent spokeswomen were suddenly speed-walking up the White House drive to defend the president on CNN, Fox News and Fox Business.Between appearances, Spicer spent several minutes hidden in the bushes, as one does when their boss is totally not guilty. Janet Montesi, an executive assistant in the press office, emerged from the bushes (and this does not look suspicious at all) and told reporters that Spicer would answer some questions, as long as they did not film him. That s when Spicer came out of his safe place to face questions from reporters. Just turn the lights off. Turn the lights off,  Spicer demanded.  We ll take care of this.   Can you just turn that light off? Spicer s wish was granted and he found himself standing in near darkness between two tall hedges, with more than a dozen reporters closely gathered around him. For 10 minutes, he responded to a flurry of questions.Spicer had to answer questions as he stammered and hemmed and hawed. Spicer was asked when Trump and Comey spoke? last.  Uh, I don t know. I don t know. There s some   I don t know. I don t know,  he said.Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images.",0
1535, McConnell Says He’ll Obstruct ANY Effort To Hire Independent Special Prosecutor,"Siding with Trump s Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Trump s spokesperson, McConnell told America from the floor of the Senate that he sees no reason to assign an independent special prosecutor or create a bipartisan committee to get to the bottom of Trump s relationship to Russia.JUST NOW: McConnell says new investigation will only impede current work on Russia investigations.(so no special prosecutor or committee)  John Berman (@JohnBerman) May 10, 2017McConnell was rebuffing Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer s renewed call for an independent investigator. I have said from the get-go that I think a special prosecutor is the way to go, but now with what s happened it is the only way to go,  Schumer told reporters on Tuesday.Instead, McConnell said he would leave that up to the FBI   and let Jeff Sessions handpick Comey s  interim  (read: non-confirmed) FBI head, something that is not standard procedure.News: AG Sessions & Deputy AG Rosenstein interviewing potential interim FBI directors today, according to a DOJ official (@LauraAJarrett)  David Wright (@DavidWright_CNN) May 10, 2017Another deeply disturbing sign they need a handpicked interim Director? Why is the default, Andy McCabe, not sufficient? https://t.co/92pagYV5e7  Ned Price (@nedprice) May 10, 2017By picking the next FBI director outside of the typical process   and circumventing a confirmation hearing   the White House hopes to get an ally in the middle of the investigation   another strong motive for firing Comey in the first place. Even if a full-time replacement eventually comes along, the dysfunction and partisanship created in this scenario could make the entire case dissolve. If you were a witness who knew of criminal wrongdoing from someone on Trump s team and you just watched the FBI director get fired and replaced by someone handpicked by Trump s close friend would you want to come forward? It s clear Trump sure hopes not.McConnell is enabling all of this. As usual. In a show of loyalty to the president, McConnell slammed Democrats who had called for an independent investigation and instead went on a lengthy rant about Obamacare and what he thought of as  Democratic hypocrisy. Senator McConnell has decided to side with the White House in their spin that they fired Director Comey as a favor to Democrats.  Matt House (@mattwhouse) May 10, 2017In a moment where the country can be said to be facing a real constitutional crisis, McConnell is choosing to smear his Democratic enemies and stand with undemocratic strongarm tactics from a president. It was a disgusting display of partisanship in the face of an unprecedented move by a sitting president to silence his critics and kill an investigation into his own wrongdoing. Having watched McConnell spend a decade refining the art of obstruction, it appears that this final act of obstruction of justice will be his masterpiece.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1536, ICYMI: Seth Meyers Rips Apart Email from Paul Ryan,"Like many other comedians, Seth Meyers is not impressed with the healthcare bill that was passed by the U.S. House of Representatives. Like the other comedians, he has been very vocal about his feelings. For his part, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) was not pleased with Meyers  description of the legislation. Meyers said the newly passed American Health Care Act is a tax cut for the wealthy, and that it will hurt the poorest and sickest among us.In order to make his views known, Ryan had his staff send Meyers an email detailing all the ways he felt the comedian got it wrong. Not one to back down from a fight, Meyers used his show s segment,  A Closer Look,  to respond.Meyers said to his audience: Unlike Republicans and their healthcare bill, we actually read the whole email. This was clearly a jab at the many House members who did not take the time to read the bill they had passed. Many of these same representatives complained up one side and down the other about the same sort of thing going on when the Affordable Care Act was passed back in 2009. They vowed they d never vote for a bill they hadn t read.Watch Meyers eviscerate Ryan s email below: Featured image via screen capture from embedded video ",0
1537, REPORT: Comey Firing Was Nothing More Than A Trump Tantrum Over Russia,"Everyone is rightfully stunned and outraged that Donald Trump decided to inexplicably fire the man who was investigating his 2016 presidential campaign s ties to Russia, Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey. People are (also rightfully) suggesting that this firing is all part of a cover-up   an attempt to squash the Russia investigation. While there was likely nervousness related to the Russia investigation that went into this decision, there is a much more Trumpian reason for it, according to Politico: a Trump temper tantrum over the media s coverage of the criminal probe into the possibility of Trump/Russia collusion.Comey recently testified on Capitol Hill that there is an ongoing investigation into Russia s 2016 election meddling. Said probe includes the possibility that Trump campaign officials coordinated with the Russians in an attempt to tip the election to Trump. Of course, Trump was outraged at this public scrutiny, and his ego cannot take the idea that anything but his own supposed brilliance won him the election. From Politico:He had grown enraged by the Russia investigation, two advisers said, frustrated by his inability to control the mushrooming narrative around Russia. He repeatedly asked aides why the Russia investigation wouldn t disappear and demanded they speak out for him. He would sometimes scream at television clips about the probe, one adviser said.So, there you have it. Trump was angry that Comey s testimony had brought the Russia story that refuses to go away back into the spotlight, and he was angry at his and his staff s inability to control it. Trump has reportedly been considering getting rid of Comey for roughly a week,  which would mean that it was right around the time of Comey s Capitol Hill testimony that the easily agitated president put his FBI Director in the line of fire over Russia.This is nothing short of a Constitutional crisis. We have no choice but to DEMAND a 9/11-style independent commission on Russia, as well as a special prosecutor for this case. No one appointed by Trump   ESPECIALLY Attorney General Jeff Sessions   should be anywhere near this probe.This isn t partisan. This is about the soul of the republic, and we must get to the bottom of this, even as Trump continues to make Nixonian moves in fits of rage and attempts at cover-ups.Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
1538, Trump Just Made His 2 Most DUNDERHEADED Moves Yet After Firing Comey (DETAILS),"As if firing FBI Director James Comey wasn t stupid enough, Trump has gone and driven two more nails into his own coffin this evening. First, he hired an outside law firm to send a certified letter to Sen. Lindsey Graham, who chairs the Senate subcommittee that heard testimony from James Clapper and Sally Yates on May 8, regarding the Russia probe.Second, he s meeting with Vladimir Putin s top diplomat to the U.S., Sergey Lavrov, in the White House Wednesday morning. The Associated Press says that this could be a signal that our relationship with Russia is improving again, but in the wake of the clusterfuck that was Trump s entire Tuesday, this does not look good at all.First, the law firm and the letter. Trump wants the letter to Sen. Graham to claim that he has no connections to Russia.Seriously.He s hired an outside law firm to draft and send a letter to Sen. Lindsey Graham claiming that he has no connections business or otherwise to Russia. Because obviously.But wait! This move achieves the impossible by getting even more ridiculous than that! Sean Spicer briefed the White House press corps on this development, and said: The president, obviously, was aware of Senator Graham s suggestion after he made it today and he s fine with that. He has no business in Russia. He has no connections to Russia. So he welcomes that.In fact, he is already charged a leading law firm in Washington, D.C., to send a certified letter to Senator Graham to that point that he has no connections to Russia. If he knows he s got no connections at all to Russia, and he knows he s completely innocent of all these allegations, then why hire an outside law firm to send a letter to Sen. Graham reiterating that? That s not what someone who s sure of their innocence does.Now, his meeting with Lavrov is taking place after Lavrov meets with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. Both meetings will supposedly focus on stabilizing Syria   the Trump administration seems to think that we need to work with Russia to accomplish anything there. But, as the AP notes in their story: [T]he meeting will be impossible to separate from the Trump administration s unfolding political drama in Washington, where FBI and congressional investigations are looking into possible collusion between Trump campaign associates and the Kremlin related to last year s presidential election. U.S. intelligence agencies accuse Moscow of meddling to help Trump s chances of victory. That, combined with this letter he s sending to Sen. Graham (and we have to wonder exactly how such a letter is going to prove that he s got no connections to Russia at all), just looks really, really bad. In fact, it s starting to look like the world is about to come crashing down around him.Featured image by Olivier Douliery   Pool via Getty Images",0
1539, Ranking Dem On House Russia Probe Has EXPLOSIVE News For Trump That Will Have Him Running Scared,"As everybody who still believes in democracy and true freedom reels from FBI Director James Comey s firing, the media and members of Congress have been frantically working to get the deets on what happened. Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee (which is conducting its own investigation into Russia), just dropped a truth bomb about Comey, and Trump would be wise to go find a cave and hide in it now.Schiff was asked, on CNN, whether he believes this is a cover-up. He doesn t. He thinks it s something worse: It s a brazen interference with a criminal investigation. After all, the president calls this whole investigation a fake, and here you had an FBI director who was seriously looking into whether Trump associates were colluding with the Russians. The end of his statement to CNN should be particularly jarring to anybody familiar with history. Watch below:Rep. Adam Schiff on firing of FBI Director James Comey:  It s a brazen interference with a criminal investigation  https://t.co/5SXgAuTVBP  CNN (@CNN) May 10, 2017Earlier this year, the White House tried to get the FBI to publicly dispute stories appearing in The New York Times about contacts between Trump s associates and Russian actors. They ve been trying to bend the FBI to their will for a long time, and when Comey wouldn t lie under oath for them, or end his Russia probe, Trump decided to fire him.In fact, Jeff Sessions was actually told to find reasons to fire Comey, and they ve been working on it for at least a week. Trump likely wants someone in that position who ll end that investigation before they discover something really damning. He wants a puppet.If Trump was innocent, the White House wouldn t have been looking for reasons to fire Comey now. Comey may not have even been fired, but if he was, Trump probably would have done it when he took office under the guise of getting a fresh start, as Schiff said to CNN. This is not the behavior of an innocent man.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1540, Comey Learned He Was Fired When Background TVs Flashed The News While He Was Giving A Speech,"Trump is famous for his  You re fired  catchphrase, but when it comes to actually firing someone, he s shown nothing but cowardice. His inability to face the person he s about to get rid of led to an incredibly humiliating moment for James Comey.Standing in front of an audience of FBI employees, Comey was reportedly mid-speech when phones began lighting up and the televisions dialed into cable news in the background broke the news that Comey should have been the first to hear: Donald Trump just fired you.According to the New York Times, the moment was understandably sheer chaos in the room:Mr. Comey, who is three years into a 10-year term at the helm of the F.B.I., learned from news reports that he had been fired while addressing bureau employees in Los Angeles. While Mr. Comey spoke, television screens in the background began flashing the news that he had been fired. Shortly thereafter, a letter was delivered to the F.B.I. s headquarters in Washington.The sheer lack of professionalism was so inconceivable that Comey laughed when he saw it and told the crowd that it was a great prank they just pulled.In response, Mr. Comey laughed, saying he thought it was a fairly funny prank.Then his staff started scurrying around in the background and told Mr. Comey that he should step into a nearby office.Nobody at the FBI was reportedly told ahead of time that their boss was about to be terminated. People are freaking out   even those within the White House.Another administration official described that the decision which caught FBI officials and top lawmakers completely off-guard on Tuesday was  kept very close to the chest  within Trump s inner political circle up until the moment  [we] were ready to pull the trigger  on axing Comey.Adding insult to injury, Trump s abrupt firing of Comey leaves the now former FBI director stranded in Los Angeles.Legitimate question about how Comey will get home from LA. He's there with FBI plane. Does Trump allow him to fly home on it?  Michael S. Schmidt (@nytmike) May 9, 2017Trump himself appears to have ordered his Attorney General to start finding reasons to fire Comey  at least a week ago    around the same time Trump went on Twitter to suggest Comey was in the tank for Hillary.Sessions was ordered to find a reason to fire Sessions a week ago. This is what Trump was tweeting a week ago pic.twitter.com/uiOHsOR4WD  Don Moynihan (@donmoyn) May 9, 2017In his letter to Comey, Trump says he couldn t allow him to continue as FBI director and implied it was due to his refusal to publicly state that there was no investigation into Trump s connection to Russia. (Note: Testifying to that would have required Comey to perjure himself because there is an on-going investigation into Trump s connection to Russia.)In short: The White House is once again in complete chaos and the only person responsible is Trump himself.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1541," Gizmodo Tricks James Comey, Trump Advisers Into Responding To Blatantly Obvious Email Hack Attempt","Trump and his team made a great deal of the campaign about Hillary Clinton s email security (including gleefully exploiting hacked emails stolen by Russia and released by Wikileaks), so one might think their own email security practices would be stellar. Alas, like so many of Trump s criticism of Hillary, his team s own security efforts are much, much worse.To prove this point, tech site Gizmodo created a  test  to see how well Trump s staff handles email security. Adding even more fuel to the fire, they also included James Comey   who had played a central role in perpetuating lies about Hillary Clinton s emails in the days leading up to the election.Three weeks ago, Gizmodo Media Group s Special Projects Desk launched a security preparedness test directed at Giuliani and 14 other people associated with the Trump Administration. We sent them an email that mimicked an invitation to view a spreadsheet in Google Docs. The emails came from the address [email protected], but the sender name each one displayed was that of someone who might plausibly email the recipient, such as a colleague, friend, or family member.Disturbingly, a number of Trump associates fell for it.Some of the Trump Administration people completely ignored our email, the right move. But it appears that more than half the recipients clicked the link: Eight different unique devices visited the site, one of them multiple times. There s no way to tell for sure if the recipients themselves did all the clicking (as opposed to, say, an IT specialist they d forwarded it to), but seven of the connections occurred within 10 minutes of the emails being sent.Even more disturbing, both Newt Gingrich and (now former FBI director) James Comey seemed to buy into the premise, while remaining slightly skeptical. Comey, for instance, asked the sender to explain to him what was in the attached document. Surely a better response than just clicking on it, but still dangerous. By asking a potential hacker to explain him or herself, the (former) FBI director only opened the door to further chances to be hacked. He also appeared to believe the email was really from a friend based solely on the name attached the the email account.Is it legal to do this? Some journalists were skeptical.@ashleyfeinberg Did did Gizmodo send the FBI director a spoofed email and then confess to the federal crime at the FBI director s expense on Gizmodo?  Brian Beutler (@brianbeutler) May 9, 2017However, Gizmodo s defense is pretty solid. For starters, they never collected any actual passwords or contact information for any of the recipients (regardless of whether the marks took the bait). Secondly, they slapped so many disclaimers on the emails that you would have to be extremely oblivious to not understand what was happening   a test which, it turns out, some of Trump s friends seem to have failed.For journalistic reasons it provides a lot of insight into just how susceptible some of Trump s closest advisers are to being hacked. Far from having the moral high ground to lecture Democrats, it turns out that Trump s team is comprised of technology-challenged suckers capable of exposing a lot of sensitive information to would-be hackers. If Gizmodo can trick them with an email containing numerous disclaimers that this was a potential hack, a real hack   infinitely more subtle   could be a serious threat.Comey himself acknowledged that it appears Russian attempts to hack America s democracy appears to be ongoing and warned that it would likely rear its ugly head in 2018 and 2020. He should be extra cautious.Meanwhile, it s unlikely that Trump will be able to appropriately respond to this threat. He may not even recognize it exists. He talked a mean game about Hillary s email security, but the closest he ever came to commenting on his own understanding of cyberwarfare was claiming his 10-year-old son Barron was good with computers. Given that level of ignorance, Trump isn t likely to start leading by example.Yikes.Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
1542, Fear Of Being Defeated By Elizabeth Warren In 2020 Has Trump FREAKING OUT,"Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) has been the object of some serious concern in the White House due to her potential as a 2020 presidential challenger, despite the fact she has said she will not run.The White House is teaming up with the Republican National Committee (RNC) to dig up whatever they can on Warren   and whatever they can fabricate   so they can circulate condemning memos to reporters.Meanwhile, aides in the White House are keeping tabs on Warren s criticism of Trump and have used the media to aggressively hit back. Last month The Hill published the Senator s criticism of America s largest non-nuclear bomb being dropped in Afghanistan, the White House quickly scrambled with a rebuttal   an unusually high level of concern over one senator. As somebody who is probably, in the hearts and minds of liberal activists, a leader of the party, that voice carries some weight, and we have to respond,  said a White House official who wishes to remain anonymous.In an effort to put down the Senator, Trump brought back his favorite   and most offensive   Warren insults last month, referring to her as  Pocahontas  while delivering a speech to the National Rifle Associate. I have a feeling that in the next election, you re going to be swamped with candidates,  said Trump.  It may be Pocahontas, remember that. Many see Warren as a likely 2020 presidential candidate, and when Trump can t find legitimated faults with his adversaries, he cowardly resorts to racial insults as attempts to make them look bad. Warren has abstained from engaging in name calling, despite what the Trump administration has to say about her. Elizabeth Warren is the perfect foil for the Trump administration,  says former Trump aide Sam Nunberg.  I always thought she would be the new Rosie [O Donnell]. Our base hates her; we think she s a joke. She s somebody to galvanize us. It was very smart for the president to bring her up at the NRA. The White House claims they are focused on governing but believe they also need to brand the Massachusetts Senator as out of touch and unfit for the presidency, while she holds a 56 percent approval rating nationwide in a recent survey by Morning Consult.It seems the White House isn t very good at hiding the fact they are seriously afraid of Warren s momentum and her potential to reach the blue-collar voters who backed Trump. Luckily, Trump s racist name calling makes him look bad, not her.Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1543, AG Sessions Toys With Ending Russia Investigation Completely Minutes After Firing The Guy Heading It,"Those who know anything about Nixon know this story: Minutes after Trump s White House fired FBI Director James Comey, his Attorney General Jeff Sessions toyed with scrapping the entire Russia investigation. Until around 6:30 pm on Tuesday, Comey was heading that investigation. Until around 6:30 pm on Tuesday, Comey was scheduled to testify in front of a Senate hearing about that investigation.When Democrats asked Sessions about the fate of the investigation, Sessions demurred.Dem Dick Durbin says AG not saying if will continue FBI investigation into Russia and possible links with Trump associates. @StevenTDennis  Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) May 9, 2017Sessions is leaving open the possibility of just killing the Russia investigation outright. https://t.co/fexvP1tohX  Christina Wilkie (@christinawilkie) May 9, 2017And there s this, conveyed by Democratic Senator Kirsten Gillibrand:AG Sessions lied under oath about meetings with Kislyak. One way to exert control after recusal is by getting rid of FBI Director. Chilling.  Kirsten Gillibrand (@SenGillibrand) May 9, 2017For those keeping score at home, this is the part in Watergate where Nixon abruptly fired the special prosecutor looking into his crimes and closed down the investigation. The attempt to quash the charges backfired spectacularly, hastening Nixon s ouster. Will Trump s team make the same mistake? Only time will tell.Trump himself made it clear in his letter to Comey that his firing was related to improperly supporting him during public hearings on the FBI investigation into Trump s connections to Russia. Trump appears to be unable to grasp that the investigation is ongoing, despite his baffling conclusion to the contrary.Detail from Trump's letter to Comey. pic.twitter.com/69aWfdffxg  Philip Bump (@pbump) May 9, 2017Republicans have, even by their objectively low standards, behaved with appalling recklessness in defense of Trump. In the most recent example of party over country, Republican senators attempted to hijack and derail Sally Yates  testimony about Trump s actions regarding Michael Flynn and Russia. Ted Cruz was particularly awful. Moments after hearing both Yates and former director of national intelligence James Clapper swear under oath that Trump had been warned that Flynn had opened himself up to blackmail   a major scandal   he tried to turn the hearing into an investigation into Hillary s emails. Seriously.The charade is already beginning.Prediction: every single Republican (with a few tiny exceptions) will fall into line.  Christopher Hayes (@chrislhayes) May 9, 2017The efforts by the GOP to let Trump go un-investigated are what stand out as the great divide between Nixon and now. It s an open question as to whether there is any crime, nor any evidence, that would be damning enough for Republicans to set aside their own partisanship and greed to take action. What s more, men like Jeff Sessions have made it abundantly clear that they aren t afraid to get their hands dirty to keep Trump s ill-fitting suit and overly long tie clean.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1544, Russia Testimony Heats Up; Trump CLEANS HOUSE On Key Investigators (DETAILS),"The investigation into possible collusion between Donald Trump s 2016 presidential campaign and Russia is heating up. On Monday, former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates testified before a subcommittee of the Senate Judiciary Committee, along with former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper. There were bombshell revelations in that testimony that directly contradicted the accounts regarding the actions and conduct that led to the firing of former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn that were told by the White House. Now, as the lies keep being exposed, Trump has gone even further into the arena of attempting a cover-up of the whole Russia deal by firing FBI Director James Comey.Now, it could be argued that Comey had his thumb on the scale for Trump, considering the letter he sent to House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz just eleven days from Election Day that detailed the FBI s intent to re-open investigations into Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton s private email server. However, now that Comey has testified just last week that there are ongoing investigations into the Trump campaign s possible coordination with the Russian government to fix an election, Comey is out. The White House released the following statement regarding Comey s firing: Today, President Donald J. Trump informed FBI Director James Comey that he has been terminated and removed from office. President Trump acted based on the clear recommendations of both Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Here is a shot of the entire letter:Trump himself went on to say in a statement: The FBI is one of our Nation s most cherished and respected institutions and today will mark a new beginning for our crown jewel of law enforcement. Crown jewel indeed. It s only a crown jewel in their eyes if they show unwavering loyalty to Trump.Considering that Sessions had to recuse himself from any and all investigations related to Russia and the Trump team, this stinks to high heaven. In other words, Team Trump is getting rid of anyone and everyone who would be able to blow the whistle on anything resembling collusion. These people are balls deep in collusion with the Kremlin.This is what a coup looks like, folks. Sessions, Trump, and all the rest are cleaning house in an effort to get rid of anyone who could tell the truth about what REALLY happened to fix the 2016 election in Donald Trump s   and Vladimir Putin s   favor.This is a developing story. Stay tuned to Addicting Info for more information.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1545, WATCH: Sean Spicer Just Defended Michael Flynn While Attacking Sally Yates,"Following Sally Yates  testimony yesterday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer on Tuesday accused the former acting Attorney General of being a  political opponent of the president  because she informed the White House three times that then-National Security Adviser Michael Flynn lied about his contacts with Russia. Spicer was asked why it took Trump 18 days to fire Flynn after it was revealed by Yates that he had been  compromised  and was vulnerable to being blackmailed by Russia.Spicer said that Flynn was not fired immediately because of  an element of due process  after the White House  was informed of [Yates] giving us a heads up. Somebody came over, gave us a heads up, told us there were materials,  Spicer said.  Ultimately, the president made a decision that was the right one. So, I think the process worked. According to Spicer, Trump defended Flynn after learning that he lied because he is  somebody who served our country honorably in uniform for over 30 years. The president does not want to smear a good man,  Spicer continued.  Let s look at how this came down. Someone who is not exactly a supporter of the president s agenda who a couple of days after this conversation took place refused to uphold a lawful order of the president who was not exactly excited about President Trump by taking office or his agenda. Just because someone gives you a heads up doesn t mean you jump the gun and go take action,  Spicer added.  What if we just dismissed someone because a political opponent of the president had made an utterance, you would argue that it s pretty irrational. Watch:Spicer also said that Yates was a  strong supporter of Clinton,  however, he said that without offering proof of such.  It was widely rumored,  Spicer said.Watch:lol, reporter asked Spicer why he claimed Yates was  strong supporter of Hillary Clinton,  Spicer OF COURSE says  it was rumored  pic.twitter.com/UgWmZ1Rol6  Tommy Christopher (@tommyxtopher) May 9, 2017Spicer called Sally Yates, who has served under Republican and Democratic Presidents, and served in the Justice Department for nearly three decades with an unblemished record,  a political opponent.  Let that sink in.In February, Trump referred to Flynn as a  wonderful man  and blamed the  fake media  for  criminal  leaks. He said that after firing this  wonderful man  who is now caught up in a massive scandal. Trump was not only warned by Yates three times but also by his predecessor, former President Barack Obama.Image via screen capture. ",0
1546, White House Says It’s Releasing Hillary’s Private Concession Call To Trump In Bid To Humiliate Her,"Trump s emotionally unbalanced social media director and close friend Dan Scavino had what can only be described as a mental break and is now threatening to publish a video of the private concession call she placed to Trump (and appears to have been answered by Kellyanne Conway).To do so would be not only a major ethical violation but would break with the long-standing tradition of the winners showing an ounce of graciousness towards their opponents. Trump and his team apparently have no qualms with stooping this low. If there is a point of indignity even they will not cross, they have yet to reach it.Scavino has long relished in his role as Trump s nastiest bulldog. His position as White House social media director was handed to him, not due to experience or expertise but because he was Trump s golf caddie. In a White House bursting with nepotism and corruption, Scavino might be the least qualified person around   an impressive feat. He is also known for his viciousness and an unhinged streak of petty attacks on his or Trump s perceived enemies follows wherever he goes. Clinton, who won the popular vote by several million, still irritates Trump and therefore she is an enemy Scavino feels he needs to destroy.For his part, Scavino claims he is being trolled by Hillary supporters. A notable coward, he couldn t take the heat and began melting down on social media. (The irony of Trump s social media director being unable to handle being on social media should not be lost on anyone.)After posting this nonsensical  I m not mad, you re mad!  tweet, Scavino followed it up with the promise to release Hillary s concession phone call.Love @AlexBWall & team Clinton trolling me (b/c they have nothing else going on.) All experts & gurus over there  . that simply got owned! pic.twitter.com/R8so2rZCwN  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) May 9, 2017Screen shot via @KellyannePolls cell phone- of Huma's call at 2:30amE .6 months ago. I have on video & will share that in the near future. pic.twitter.com/Mzy2o8XXwQ  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) May 9, 2017It s hard to quantify the sheer level of petty vindictiveness going on in the White House. Trump s team of enablers and yes-men run from one squabble to the next. Very little time appears to be spent on actual governance, with a lot of their energy being consumed with in-fighting. Bannon is fighting with Jared Kushner. Kushner is fighting with Priebus. Kellyanne Conway is missing? McMasters is fighting with Bannon. Instead of leading by example, Trump is off golfing or wandering around aimlessly with a copy of the election map under his arm. Trump ran an experiment: What would happen if I filled the nation s highest office with the least reputable, most angry, insecure people in the country? The answer: This shitshow is exactly what happens.The only goal of Scavino releasing the private tape of Trump and Clinton s phone call is to personally humiliate Hillary Clinton. There is no political, social, or practical reason to do this. Even by the admittedly low standards of restraint and goodwill on display by Trump s White House, this is disgusting. Sadly, with Trump consumed by his efforts to smear Sally Yates, it appears unlikely that he will intervene and save his administration from yet another self-inflicted blow to their own dignity.I would say this is the foxes running the henhouse but it would be unfair to suggest foxes lack this amount of shame.Featured image via CNN",0
1547, ACLU Issues Shocking Warning: It’s Not Safe To Travel In Texas,"The Americal Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) issued a shocking warning on Tuesday: Thanks to the xenophobia of Donald Trump and his Republican cronies, it is no longer safe to travel in the state of Texas.The travel alert warns that  anyone planning to travel to Texas in the near future [should] anticipate the possible violation of their constitutional rights when stopped by law enforcement. The alert comes amid the passing of a Texas law known as SB4. The law gives a green light to police officers in the state to investigate a person s immigration status during a routine traffic stop, leading to widespread racial profiling, baseless scrutiny, and illegal arrests of citizens and non-citizens alike presumed to be  foreign  based on how they look or sound. The travel alert applies to all travelers to Texas, including U.S. travelers from other states and U.S. citizens. In addition, this alert applies to all encounters with federal, state, county law enforcement including local police and sheriffs.Constitutional rights no longer mean anything thanks to the hateful nature of Trump s administration. And Republicans, the very people who relentlessly scream about how important our  freedom  is, are ready to set a match to the Constitution as long as it gets rid of all those icky brown people. Even U.S. citizens aren t safe anymore. We plan to fight this racist and wrongheaded law in the courts and in the streets. Until we defeat it, everyone traveling in or to Texas needs to be aware of what s in store for them,  said Terri Burke, executive director of the ACLU of Texas.  The Lone Star State will become a  show me your papers  state, where every interaction with law enforcement can become a citizenship interrogation and potentially an illegal arrest. It is simply a matter of time before illegal arrests occur. Local law enforcement will have to decide between violating a person s rights and being severely fined, thrown in jail, or even being removed from office for choosing not to do so,  Burke added.Lorella Praeli, the ACLU s director of immigration policy and campaigns said, Everyone has constitutional rights in this country. The state of Texas, and every law enforcement officer, must respect those rights. The ACLU stands ready to safeguard those freedoms against those who seek to diminish them. Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",0
1548, Pastor Caught Trump’s Spiritual Advisor Stealing From Her Own Church Collection Plate,"It seems that Donald Trump s spiritual advisor is exactly as ethical as he is. Paula White, a prosperity gospel minister who prayed at The Donald s inauguration, has regularly been criticized by Trump s evangelical followers as a charlatan who essentially sells tickets to Heaven and other God-related non-products.White sells, for instance, a  resurrection seed    a delivery from a spiritual death sentence   for $1,144 (a number that was totally chosen by God). But apparently, the money she scams from her people by selling a la carte divine services isn t quite enough for White.Hector Gomez, who was a pastor at White s former Without Walls ministry in the 90 s, told HeatStreet that he once saw the  Christian  huckster cherrypicking the offering plate:Hector Gomez, a pastor who worked at Without Walls from 1993 to 2000, told Heat Street that on several occasions, Paula and Randy White invited people to put not only money in the offering plate but valuables, too. Darryl Strawberry, the famed outfielder, once caused a stir by putting his World Series ring in the offering plate and donating it to the church, Randy White told ESPN in 2009. People would give them jewelry, diamonds, watches,  Gomez said. One day, he said, he watched in horror as Paula White sifted through the collection plate after church, picking out the jewelry that looked valuable.White told him to take the less valuable collections to a jeweler who bought second-hand pieces to resell or melt down, he said; he watched her lock up the more valuable jewelry in her desk, and he never saw it again.Gomez said he felt ethically uncomfortable reselling congregants  jewelry. Not only was he unsure about what became of the most valuable items collected, he said; he also felt uneasy asking people for treasured jewelry, especially after his own wife donated a bracelet he d given her when they first got married. It wasn t worth much,  Gomez said.  It was a nice little bracelet. But it has sentimental value.  He said he thought about that bracelet as he watched White sort through the jewelry.  I was so grieved. I was like,  This belongs to the people in the church. They worked very hard. Trump says that he surrounds himself with the  very best people    but that phrase is quickly proving to be synonymous with  huckster. Here s a video of her selling salvation for your viewing displeasure:Featured image via screengrab",0
1549, There’s Something Really Creepy About Melania Trump’s Signature,"Handwriting experts have noticed something very strange about Melania Trump s signature   it look almost exactly like her husband s angular sharpie .It was first noticed after Melania sent a personal thank you note to actress and animal rights activist Pamela Anderson, who presented the First Lady with a faux fur coat. Anderson posted the note on Twitter.@flotus Dear Melania, Thank you for your sweet note. It is heartwarming to see you manage your position with such beauty and grace. Pamela pic.twitter.com/h9mmdqxp0h  Pamela Anderson (@pamfoundation) May 3, 2017By contrast, here is Trump s signature.Image via Quartz Media.While the two signatures aren t identical, they both share some pretty striking similarities.As handwriting expert Sheila Kurtz told Yahoo,  Hers looks just like his, which is absolutely amazing. Both signatures have been described as spiky with thick black lines.There has been speculation about the unusual likeness, with Uproxx s Kimberly Ricci writing,  Is President Trump answering his wife s letters? Did he sign this letter and keep the coat as a fancy bathrobe? Is he a fan of Baywatch? Lots of questions need to be answered here. Source: AOLTwitter didn t miss the similarities either:@pamfoundation @FLOTUS You ve been duped. It appears Donald Trump signed it for Melania. Either that or she s using Donald Trump s hand to sign it. ?  Rosaline (@NotYourDarling2) May 3, 2017@pamfoundation @FLOTUS Ummm  that looks a lot like Donald s signature. pic.twitter.com/TMb8dtu70i  ((TrumpLies)) (@JustTheJune0101) May 3, 2017@pamfoundation @FLOTUS So weird that her sig is so much like Donny s. Freakishly weird.  Linrose ?#Resist (@Rosie909294) May 4, 2017@pamfoundation @FLOTUS Donald signed that. Now he s posing as his wife?  kendal unruh (@unruhkendal) May 5, 2017There are several possible explanations, and all but one should send chills down the spines of feminists:1. He is signing her name   That would either indicate that Melania is completely illiterate, and even I don t believe that, or that she married a complete control freak. Either way, doesn t he have something better to do than micromanage his wife s communications?2. It s a stamp or a computer simulation   While this is the most likely scenario, it s only slightly less disturbing. If so, he clearly instructed someone to create a signature that was just.like.his. so his wife would only be seen as an extension of him and his gawdawful style. He s like one of those husbands who insists on a joint Facebook page.3. She has been trained to have a signature that looks just like his   Gross.4. She actually has a signature that looks just like his.   Very weird, but not entirely creepy.The least he could let her do is use an elegant pen instead of a sharpie.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images. ",0
1550, President Obama Tells Audience Why Americans Deserve Trump And Republicans,"President Obama took a trip to Milan, Italy this week and he laid down some cold, hard truths for America s liberals, telling us why we deserve Donald Trump and Paul Ryan and all of their reverse Robin Hood work of stealing from everyone to give to the rich.Eschewing a tie for a more fashion forward country, Obama told the Milan audience: People have a tendency to blame politicians when things don t work, but as I always tell people, you get the politicians you deserve,  Obama explained while the audience applauded.  And if you don t vote and you don t pay attention, you ll get policies that don t reflect your interest. Obama also told the audience that often times a mistake activists make  is not engaging people once they get attention. Source: Raw StoryWhile it sounds a bit harsh to say that we deserve the wannabe dictator Donald Trump, it s actually not too surprising coming from the man who began his political career as a community organizer. Obama has always realized the importance of civic engagement for everyone, not just for the people running for office.We live in a country where fewer than two-thirds of the people vote during presidential elections. In local elections (arguably the most important), turnout plummets to an embarrassing one-fifth of the population.There are some positive signs, though, which Obama spoke about just a few days after Trump was inaugurated.Former president Barack Obama said he s  heartened  by American civic engagement, following a weekend of spontaneous protests in the wake of President Donald Trump s executive order related to immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries. Citizens exercising their Constitutional right to assemble, organize and have their voices heard by their elected officials is exactly what we expect to see when American values are at stake,  Obama spokesman Kevin Lewis said Monday in a written statement.Source: CNBCObama s message, as always, is that yes, our democracy can be saved. The catch, though, is that we have to get off our collective asses to do it.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images.",0
1551, Trump’s EPA Just Fired Five Scientists To Make Room For Industry Insiders," Trump administration is keeping good on its promise to all but destroy U.S. environmental policy this week. The New York Times reports that Trump s EPA has let go of at least five scientific review board members, with plans to replace the academics with money hungry industry big-wigs. It seems Trump s goal is to shrink the EPA regulatory reach by taking science out of the picture altogether.J.P. Freire, a spokesperson for EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt says Pruitt is considering industry representatives   the same polluters the EPA was designed to regulate   as replacements for the five scientists who are getting the boot. The administrator believes we should have people on this board who understand the impact of regulations on the regulated community,  Friere stated.This dismissal comes six weeks after the House moved forward a bill that pushes for more corporate representatives on another EPA scientific review board.Trump is calling for a radical remake of the EPA by implementing deep budget cuts   up to a 40 percent cut for scientific research   and instructing Mr. Pruitt to destroy essential Obama-era climate change and water protection regulations. Mr. Pruitt will likely follow Trump s direction seeing as he publicly denounces the established science that climate change is caused by humans.This move coincides with the Trump administration s current track record of putting people in charge of the agencies they want to destroy. The complete anti-science stance and defunding of scientific research by the Trump administration are unprecedented in U.S. presidential history.Trump is now taking the swamp water he promised to drain and is putting it in charge of destroying the environment.Featured image by Ron Sach-Pool via Getty Images ",0
1552, The Merriam-Webster Dictionary Just SAVAGED Trump For His F*cking Terrible Spelling (TWEETS),"On Monday, in a tweet intended to intimidate a witness, Donald Trump demanded that the Senate ask Sally Yates   the former acting Attorney General whom he fired for refusing to support an unconstitutional executive order  if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it  to White House  Council.  After seemingly half the internet showed up to tell him what an embarrassmnet he is to both himself and our country, Trump removed the tweet and replaced it with one that was almost as stupid, but was lacking the glaring error that told the world our alleged leader is so stupid that a literal piece of shit would do a better job running the show.One of the many, many people who mocked Trump was his greatest nemesis outside of facts and good hair stylists: the Merriam-Webster Twitter person.Okay, fine. We weren't going to do this, but here you go.  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) May 8, 2017counsel:   a lawyer appointed to advise and represent in legal matters council: ?an assembly or meeting for consultation or discussion  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) May 8, 2017Happy Monday, Internet. https://t.co/OhlWCIpEVB  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) May 8, 2017@MerriamWebster You know we love you, right?  Hissy Fitz (@HissyFitz2) May 8, 2017@HissyFitz2 Yes.  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) May 8, 2017This isn t the first time Merriam-Webster has razzed President Asterisk for his atrocious spelling. When Trump talked about the unpresidented  act of China seizing an unmanned U.S. Navy vessel, the Dictionary responded perfectly:Good morning! The #WordOfTheDay is not 'unpresidented'. We don't enter that word. That's a new one. https://t.co/BJ45AtMNu4  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) December 17, 2016Merriam-Webster s phone number is (413) 734-3134. We strongly encourage you to call and demand that their social media person be given an immediate 10% raise and three extra paid vacation days per year. He or she (or even they) deserves it.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",0
1553, White House Staff Reportedly Went Behind Trump’s Back On HUGE Issue Because Trump Is Too Reckless,"Remember when Trump said that we were done with NAFTA, and rumors swirled that he was drafting an executive order withdrawing us from the agreement? And remember how he softened that position very quickly? It seems that he wasn t the one to reach out to Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on that, nor did Trudeau call him of his own accord.White House officials reached out to him behind Trump s back.Why? Because they were concerned that Trump would unilaterally yank us out of it, hurting multiple sectors of our economy and doing zero favors for Canada and Mexico as well. So, according to Canada s National Post newspaper, they contacted Trudeau themselves: The unconventional diplomatic manoeuvre  approaching the head of a foreign government to influence your own boss  proved decisive, as Trump thereafter abandoned his threat to pull out of NAFTA unilaterally, citing the arguments made by Trudeau and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto as pivotal. Trump, in a childish tantrum, slapped a 20 percent tariff on imports of softwood lumber from Canada, claiming that our agreement with them over that was unfair. He wholly neglected other parts of our trade relationship with Canada, including the fact that they import a lot more dairy from us than they export to us.In other words, if Trump would actually take a look at how things are working, he might find that things aren t quite as unfair to us as he makes them out to be with his tantrums.Trump has also threatened to levy massive taxes on products imported from Rexnord a company that just closed its Indiana plant and laid off more than 300 workers as punishment for sending its jobs to Mexico:Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that s sold in U.S.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 7, 2017As the National Post put it, this incident highlights the following issue with Trump: But the incident highlights the difficulties faced by governments all over the world when it comes to dealing with a president as volatile as Trump. Trump has no business being the leader of the free world.Featured image by Ron Sachs-Pool via Getty Images",0
1554, Donald Trump Just Changed His Twitter Header And The Whole Internet Is Making Fun Of Him (TWEETS),"Donald Trump spent Monday pretty much just making an ass of himself on Twitter. After he attempted to intimidate Sally Yates and tweeted numerous lies about the hearing later in the day, one might assume The Donald would take a break. Instead, he took one of those aforementioned lies and blasted it across the top of his Twitter profile.The header, as you can see, features the whitest room of people you have ever seen all giving a thumbs up and   because he s a narcissist   one of his own quotes, which is a lie: Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is  no evidence  of collusion w/ Russia and Trump. Naturally, Twitter is having a lot of fun with this:Never really believed there was collusion between Trump & Russia.. until he just put that twitter header up.  Stephen Miller (@redsteeze) May 9, 2017They're going to have to rename the Streisand Effect. pic.twitter.com/8PowDCXIaP  Tom McKay (@thetomzone) May 9, 2017The ""mission accomplished"" banner of Twitter headers pic.twitter.com/tSuObDDOSl  Rebecca Berg (@rebeccagberg) May 9, 2017Wow. Trump's new header is something else. pic.twitter.com/Ha2OKF41Lj  CAFE (@cafedotcom) May 9, 2017Finally saw James Baldwin doc ""I am Not Your Negro,"" if you are looking for an explanation of Trump's new header pic.  Michael Ian Black (@michaelianblack) May 9, 2017""Getting a staffer to Photoshop your tweet denying collusion with Russia into your banner image"" is untold levels of Not Mad pic.twitter.com/M2kUZkkG2W  Patrick Monahan (@pattymo) May 9, 2017Not only did the unshakeable #SallyYates take two sleazy senators to school her testimony made Trump turn his Twitter page into a SNL skit pic.twitter.com/b2b1hSPVkn  Mel C #DemForce (@MDemforce) May 9, 2017Gee, Trump put up an I-didn't-commit-treason Twitter banner and his entire account exploded.  Winter Maiden (@Winter_Maiden) May 9, 2017@Impeach_D_Trump I had to check it out & sure enough, the idiot has blazoned that fallacy across the head of his Twitter page. Desperation ain't pretty  Marcia La R sistance (@MarciaBunney) May 9, 2017Lol   If Trump has to put that as his fucking Twitter layout   you know somethings up. https://t.co/vTG2gMpP0h  ? i heart u ? (@memattieni) May 9, 2017The amazing-or not-thing is that this is *not* what Clapper said. The Twitter banner of POTUS is literally (& seriously) a false statement. https://t.co/6ICn3pIVfw  David Corn (@DavidCornDC) May 9, 2017I wonder what Twitter thinks about @realDonaldTrump putting its logo in his header pic.twitter.com/bXkMVYYeU0  Farhad Manjoo ? (@fmanjoo) May 9, 2017Clapper did not in any way, shape or form, confirm that there is  no evidence  of collusion, no matter what The Donald s Twitter banner says. Clapper explained that he was not aware of any evidence demonstrating collusion, but that he was unaware of the FBI investigation into the administration s dealings with Russia until Director James Comey announced its existence publicly in March. That s a far cry from  no evidence. The real story   the one Trump doesn t want you to know   is that Sally Yates confirmed under oath that she warned Donald Trump General Mike Flynn was compromised 18 days before Trump did anything about it. We believed that Gen. Flynn was compromised with respect to the Russian,  Yates said.  To state the obvious, you don t want your national security adviser compromised with the Russians. And she s right.Featured image via screengrab",0
1555, Trump Has Extremely Inappropriate Reaction To Being Contradicted By His Own National Security Adviser,"The majority of America has already noticed   and figured it out a long time ago   that Donald Trump doesn t have a measured, steady reaction to anything. Widely known for his lack of mental and emotional stability, America s new failing president continues to horrify the nation (and the world) with his over-the-top, inappropriate reactions to even the most straightforward issues and disagreements. How Trump treats members of his own team is a perfect example of this.Last month, Trump made a controversial remark when he insisted that South Korea should pay for the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD), a missile defense system that would help keep North Korea at bay. As Trump frequently talks out of his a** and makes statements that have no basis in reality, he was quickly contradicted by his own National Security Adviser, H.R. McMaster. In a public statement, McMaster stepped in and quickly assured the Korean government that the cost of THAAD would be taken care of by the United States. Apparently, Trump didn t take that too well.According to Bloomberg, it s just been revealed that Trump lost his sh*t over this and tore his own adviser a new one over the phone. Bloomberg reported: Trump was livid, according to three White House officials, after reading in the Wall Street Journal that McMaster had called his South Korean counterpart to assure him that the president s threat to make that country pay for a new missile defense system was not official policy. These officials say Trump screamed at McMaster on a phone call, accusing him of undercutting efforts to get South Korea to pay its fair share. Trump, as usual, was having a highly inappropriate reaction to his fragile ego being bruised. Apparently, this isn t even the first and only time something like this has happened. Bloomberg stated that in private, Trump calls McMaster the general undermining my policy  and appears regretful that he appointed him.The lack of trust and in-fighting we ve seen in the Trump administration   as well as Trump s lack of respect for the advisers HE appointed   is unprecedented on so many levels. This administration continues to be an embarrassment to this country, and most of us can t wait until this nightmare is over.Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
1556, Condoleezza Rice: ‘America Was Born With A Birth Defect – Slavery’ (VIDEO),"Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice sat down for an interview on Sunday and had a few words to say about the birth of America, which was plagued by slavery from its very conception.While discussing her newest book, Democracy: Stories from the Long Road to Freedom,  Rice told CBS  Sunday Morning that the Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s was the second founding of America. We forget in the United States how long it has taken us to make  We the People  mean people like me. And indeed, I do think that America was born with a birth defect; it was slavery. And so I do think that when we were finally able to deliver the promise of the Constitution to people like me, little girls growing up in Birmingham, Alabama, when finally my father was able to vote without difficulty, yes, it s the second founding of America. The first founding wasn t quite complete. Rice, who spent eight years in the White House serving as national security adviser and secretary of state under President George W. Bush, also called forth a memory from her childhood during the interview. She grew up in Alabama, where Jim Crow was the law of the land. In the summers, her family would travel to Denver. However, these were not your average family vacations. Rather, they were a quest for an education denied to them because of the color of their skin. If you were black, you couldn t go to the University of Alabama for graduate school in 1961,  she said.  And so my father, who was getting an advanced degree in student personnel administration, and my mother, who was qualifying to teach music in the schools   she was a science teacher before that   would go to Denver. You can watch her interview in its entirety here, via CBS Sunday Morning.Featured image via video screen capture",0
1557," Trump Just Had A Massive MELTDOWN Over Sally Yates, And Everyone Is Laughing At Him (TWEETS)","After former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates bravely stood up to intimidation attempts from President* Trump and testified that The Donald s administration is shady as f*ck, Donald Trump put his Twitter thumbs to work attempting to distract from his collusion from Russia with a mix of lies, untruths, and fabrications.Trump claimed that James Clapper confirmed that there is  no evidence  of collusion with Russia (he didn t), that Sally Yates provided nothing of value (she did), that the Trump-Russia story is a hoax (it isn t), and that the biggest story is his ridiculous claim that Obama tapped his microwave or something (it isn t).Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is ""no evidence"" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 8, 2017Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today   she said nothing but old news!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 8, 2017The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 8, 2017Biggest story today between Clapper & Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 8, 2017In reality, Yates confirmed under oath that she warned the white House that Flynn was compromised and that Trump s former national security advisor was not fired until 18 days later despite the known national security risk. That s pretty huge, as Trump will learn in his eventual impeachment hearings.Trump is correct that surveillance is a big story in that it s interesting that pretty much every single Republican seemed more concerned with  unmasking  than the Trump administration s misdeeds. The  FAKE NEWS  will almost assuredly be reporting on that in the coming days.To be clear, Clapper did not say there was zero evidence of collusion, and this  taxpayer funded charade  will end when the truth comes out.Trump may be strutting and ruffling his feathers, but Americans aren t buying it:@realDonaldTrump And Sally Yates reiterated what we already knew: You've been covering for Flynn and ignoring repeated warnings.  jordan ? (@JordanUhl) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Nope, not what he said. He said he wasn't even made aware of the investigation. So of course he wouldn't be made aware of the evidence.  Caroline O. (@RVAwonk) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Wrong! He said he wasn't made aware of the investigation, so didn't know the evidence. Today was a disaster for you.  Dave Hogg ? (@Stareagle) May 8, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Yea, that s not what he said. You sure like to misquote people. Fortunately, there s a thing called video.  Al x Young  (@AlexYoung) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump She swore under oath that you ignored repeated warnings about Flynn.  jordan ? (@JordanUhl) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump We must have been watching two different hearings.#SallyYates whooped your ass.#TrumpRussia#MarchForTruth pic.twitter.com/tgTlcISfvS  Holly O'Reilly (@AynRandPaulRyan) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Clearly your evening dump is taking longer than anticipated, so thank you for this. Remember to wipe gently, haemorrhoids can sting.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump She said you didn't vet your Nat'l Sec Advisor. That's bad! When you were told he was a spy, you protected him. That's worse! #SallyYates  Heather Whaley (@HeatherWhaley) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Ha! The fact that you hired a compromised Russian spook as your National Security Advisor is now ""old news."" Noted. Good work Donny.  John Kinnear (@askdadblog) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump This is the best you can do in response to Sally Yates  testimony? It wasn t exciting enough for the media?Weak, Donald. So damn weak.  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump ""When will this taxpayer funded charade end?""  Donald Trump, seemingly un-ironically.#TheResistance pic.twitter.com/SwazfjuefG  Holly O'Reilly (@AynRandPaulRyan) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump With your resignation, hopefully  Edward DeRuiter (@edwardderuiter) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump It seems that as a result of today's Senate hearings, Vegas has   the odds for impeachment. ? This news may have you shitting your pants. pic.twitter.com/LAf1NCKs9l  Gropey Trumpkin (@boogeywithstu40) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Funny, a ""taxpayer funded charade"" is what we call Trump's Presidency.  Nick Jack Pappas (@Pappiness) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump You seem triggered, Don.   Gabe Ort z (@TUSK81) May 8, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Better question: When will the taxpayer funded charade that is your presidency end?  Al x Young  (@AlexYoung) May 8, 2017Trump is done. He knows he s done. It s all a matter of time now.Featured image via screengrab",0
1558, Republicans Are Livid After Seeing This Photo Of Martha Stewart In Front Of Donald Trump,"The right is up in arms. No, not because Sally Yates threw a huge snowball down avalanche hill and not because millions of Americans could lose their health insurance. They are losing their shizzle because Martha Stewart posed in a picture in front of photos of Donald Trump and Snoop Dogg. It was a thing of beauty   if you aren t a Trump lover.In the photo, Stewart posed in a corner between the two portraits with her arms crossed. To Snoop, it was all peace and love. To Trump, though, she flipped the portrait the bird.Can confirm this Martha Stewart photo is real pic.twitter.com/F3S6jADvo6  Yashar (@yashar) May 8, 2017There are questions about the photo s legitimacy but New York Magazine and Daily Beast writer Yashar confirms its validity.Stewart, who once hosted a spinoff of Trump s  Apprentice  is no fan of the man. During the election, she was firmly in Hillary Clinton s camp, and she said this about Trump and Clinton: There is so much to know and so much to learn and so much diplomacy and kindness and introspection that goes with that kind of job,  Stewart told CNNMoney during a luncheon for Andrea Bocelli s foundation Sunday.  And it does not exist in the world of Donald Trump. This is the most important election of the last hundred years,  she said.  We have to be very certain that we elect a person who has experience, knowledge, a base of education in the world of world politics as well as domestic politics and so obviously I m voting for Hillary Clinton. And we just can t have a country run by someone who is totally unprepared for what comes.Source: CNNConservatives, who are having a tough day/month/year are not amused:@2ALAW @bfraser747 @MarthaStewart MARTHA OBAMACLINTON PUT YOU IN PRISON+HILLARY DID SAME CRIME+ZERO IN PRISON!! FLIP OFF THEM THEY DID THIS!  tvogvo (@tvogvo) May 8, 2017@2ALAW @justanavywife @MarthaStewart @SandraTXAS @RightWingAngel @FreedomChild3 @AMTrump4PRES @tteegar @LeahR77 @SpecialKMB1969 @JustMy_NameHere @LVNancy Martha can give @POTUS The Finger But ONE THING FOR SURE our @POTUS HAS NOT BEEN IN JAIL ?Martha HAS ?SO HAS SNOOP DOGGIE ?Gold Figure?  Mstweetie For Trump (@Mtweetie4848gm2) May 8, 2017@2ALAW @MarthaStewart @SandraTXAS @RightWingAngel @FreedomChild3 @AMTrump4PRES @tteegar @justanavywife @LeahR77 @SpecialKMB1969 @JustMy_NameHere @LVNancy Disappointed in Martha I will not buy one item with her name on it period ENOUGH IS Enough respect America or get out  Irene von Lau Riddle (@vonlauriddle) May 8, 2017@MediaJuggernaut @MarthaStewart Martha Stewart has no class, she thinks she s all bad now that she s done time.  Shirley ???? (@shirley081261) May 8, 2017#TrumpUSA Martha Stewart and the rest of her drug addict friends have lost their minds and all credibility!!! #MAGA With Dignity & Respect!! pic.twitter.com/W6vUP7J75E  Trump USA (@MADE__USA) May 8, 2017Adding @MarthaStewart to my very long list of people companies & products I ve #BOYCOTTED for disrespecting @POTUS!#BoycottMarthaStewart! pic.twitter.com/OlFxEsMCO6  Lynn Ratner (@RatnerLynn) May 8, 2017I think I ll be heading to Macy s to buy something from Martha Stewart s collection.Featured image via Neilson Barnard/Getty Images",0
1559, Sally Yates Just Opened A Can Of Constitutional Whoop Ass On Ted Cruz (VIDEO),"During testimony in front of the Senate Intelligence Committee on Monday, former acting Attorney General Sally Yates revealed that she warned Trump administration officials three times about former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. The hearing today involved Russia s meddling in the 2016 election so of course, Ted Cruz grilled Yates about her thoughts on Trump s attempt to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. That, of course, makes no sense but Cruz was trying to defend the man who previously insulted his wife s looks during the campaign.Yates was fired as acting AG after refusing to defend Trump s executive order, which she said violated the U.S. Constitution s religious protections.Cruz told Yates that the Office of Legal Counsel had issued a determination that the executive order was legal, but Yates countered that finding by saying it ignored the First Amendment in favor of an obscure statute which had since been updated. In this particular instance, particularly where we were talking about a fundamental issue of religious freedom, not the interpretation of some arcane statute, but religion freedom, it was appropriate for us to look at the intent behind the president s actions and the intent is laid out in his statements,  Yates said.Yates said she did not believe Trump s executive order was  lawful  and used  religious freedom  to defend herself from Cruz s attack on her.When Cruz quoted part of the Constitution, Yates came back at him with a statute which she said  Trumps the first one you described. In the over 200 years of the Department of Justice history, are you aware of any instance in which the Department of Justice has formally approved the legality of a policy and three days later the attorney general has directed the department not to follow that policy and to defy that policy?  Cruz asked. I m not, but I m also not aware of a situation where the Office of Legal Counsel was advised not to tell the attorney general about it until after it was over,  Yates replied.Watch:Rep. John Cornyn, too, brought up the Executive Order to Yates and that didn t go down well either. Yates brought up  intent  again in regards to Trump s Muslim ban. In fact, just this morning after White House press secretary Sean Spicer was asked by ABC s Cecilia Varga about the alleged president s website literally having the words  preventing Muslim immigration  written on it, it was scrubbed.So now we re back to the  intent  behind Trump s executive order again.One does not simply delete something from the Internet, though.Moments after Spicer was asked about this Trump campaign page calling for a Muslim ban, it went blank. But Wayback Machine still has it pic.twitter.com/OAQnVNwpdi  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) May 8, 2017The 4th Circuit Court of Appeals is hearing oral arguments Monday for Trump s revised Muslim travel ban, which called for a 120-day halt on all refugee resettlement and a 90-day pause on immigrants from six Muslim-majority countries entering the U.S. The previous order sought to halt immigrants from entering the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries.We need a clean up on aisle three. Sally Yates just wiped the floor with Ted Cruz.Image via screen capture",0
1560," Officials: Obama Warned About Flynn, But Trump Thought He Was Joking","The Trump administration has finally, definitively, admitted that President Obama personally warned Donald Trump about hiring Michael Flynn within 48 hours of the election .The conversation occurred during the 90-minute sitdown the former President and the guy who was kinda-sorta elected by a minority of the population (and Russia) and against the wishes of most Americans.A senior Obama official tells NBC that the President, who actually fired the disgraced Trump foreign policy advisor in 2014, made it very clear that he is   not a fan of Michael Flynn.  NBC reports:According to all three former officials, Obama warned Trump against hiring Flynn. The Obama administration fired Flynn in 2014 from his position as head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, largely because of mismanagement and temperament issues.Obama s warning pre-dated the concerns inside the government about Flynn s contacts with the Russian ambassador, one of the officials said. Obama passed along a general caution that he believed Flynn was not suitable for such a high level post, the official added.Two administration officials said Obama also warned Trump to stay vigilant on North Korea.One official says that Trump thought the remark was made  in jest,  according to NBC.Recently, Trump attempted to blame President Obama for his failure to vet Flynn.  General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration   but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that,  The Donald tweeted Monday as Sally Yates was preparing to testify.But in fact, it was his team   not Obama s   who failed to vet the former General. When Flynn was fired, for example, he had not even completed a CIA background check.NEW: Flynn never received broader security clearance needed to serve as Natl Security Advisor before his firing. via @KenDilanianNBC pic.twitter.com/xDDFxtYjuW  Peter Alexander (@PeterAlexander) May 8, 2017Trump has a lot to be worried about right now   and more will be coming.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)",0
1561, Sally Yates Bombshell: Trump Was Warned Flynn Was Exposing White House To Blackmail (VIDEO),"Sally Yates  testimony before a congressional committee on the events leading up to Trump s disgraced former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn  resigning  and her own firing for speaking out against him had always promised to contain some explosive revelations. And it didn t take long for the match to be lit.Early into Yates  appearance in front of the committee, she got down to brass tacks. She had told Trump three separate times that Michael Flynn was trouble. In every case she was ignored, save for White House counsel demanding to know whether Flynn was facing a criminal charge. What s more, Yates testified that she has specifically told the Trump administration that there was a great deal of evidence to suggest Flynn was either susceptible to blackmail from the Russians or already compromised. Again, she was ignored and then later fired.Particularly damning, Yates said that she watched in horror as Flynn s own lies about his involvement with the Russians was being passed along to the media by others within the administration, including Vice President Mike Pence. (Pence later confirmed this by claiming he had believed what Flynn was telling him at the time.) She noted that this created a situation where the national security adviser was digging an increasingly deep hole for himself with lies and implicating everyone around him as well. She added that this was not lost on the Russians, who   given their relationship with Flynn   were holding cold, hard proof of Flynn s lies and could threaten to release it at any time.Yates:  the National Security Adviser, essentially, could be blackmailed by the Russians.   via @MSNBC pic.twitter.com/DTIAQcZ6y0  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) May 8, 2017It s a classic blackmail set up: Let the mark get in too deep, make sure the risk of exposure is too big a cost to bear, then use that vulnerability against him or her.Unfortunately, Trump s administration chose to stick by Flynn rather than slip out of the noose that was rapidly tightening around their necks. Making matters worse, by repeating Flynn s lies, they were also exposing themselves to blackmail. A White House run by a person famous for never apologizing to anyone in his life was walking headlong into a massive scandal   what would they do to avoid responsibility for it?As Yates put it:  You don t want the national security adviser to be in a position where the Russians have leverage over him At some point, the debate over what exactly Trump knew and when he knew it becomes moot. Even if Trump were completely blameless in the coordinated relationship between his trusted adviser and the country undermining American democracy, it would only reinforce that his stupidity qualified as criminal negligence. Obama warned him. Yates warned him. The FBI warned him. The media warned him. And he ignored all of them to protect his friend   a man now claiming to be a foreign agent.Featured image via Twitter",0
1562, Trump Hired Flynn After Obama SPECIFICALLY Warned Him Not To – Now Karma Is Coming For Trump. Hard.,"Trump s latest attempt to pass blame for his own mistakes onto others is backfiring in spectacular fashion. Like a broken record, Trump lashed out at former acting Attorney General Sally Yates, who is set to testify that she emphatically warned Trump s administration about the dangers of appointing disgraced general Michael Flynn as his national security adviser. He also tried to pin the blame on Obama, justifying his hiring of Flynn on the basis of Obama having hired him during his administration   ignoring one major detail.General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration   but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 8, 2017Trump thinks you re dumb enough to not realize that Obama also fired Flynn for being erratic and angry to such a degree that it disturbed his colleagues and staffers.2012 Obama appoints Flynn DIA2014 Obama fires him2016 DOD renews Flynn's clearance2016- With no apparent vetting Trump appoints him NSA https://t.co/6f0dOlpn64  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) May 8, 2017However, his peculiarly fierce attacks directed at Obama over Flynn betray his Achilles heel. He is a one-trick pony   anything he is guilty of, he accuses others of being responsible for. In this case, it turns out Obama had actually warned Trump about hiring Flynn. In an Oval Office meeting just days after Trump had won the election, Obama sat him down and explained that his trusted adviser   who Trump was reportedly considering naming vice president   was unfit for office.NBC News:According to all three former officials, Obama warned Trump against hiring Flynn. The Obama administration fired Flynn in 2014 from his position as head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, largely because of mismanagement and temperament issues.Obama s warning pre-dated the concerns inside the government about Flynn s contacts with the Russian ambassador, one of the officials said. Obama passed along a general caution that he believed Flynn was not suitable for such a high level post, the official added.By all accounts, Trump only got more interested in hiring Flynn after Obama s warning. Like many of his Republican brethren, Trump has long suffered from a knee-jerk reaction to do the opposite of anything Obama says. If Obama says healthcare is good, Republicans come out against it. If Obama says breathing is good, Republicans will hold their breath until they re blue in the face. And apparently if Obama says  Don t hire this unstable, incompetent nutjob to serve in one of the most important roles in the White House,  Trump fast-tracks his application.The irony, of course, is that by deliberately ignoring Obama s warning, Trump made the bed he s currently sleeping in. The fact that he tried to cover up his mistake by firing Sally Yates when she, too, warned him about Flynn only makes things worse for him. Trump is most certainly guilty of many things, but at the forefront is his own rank stupidity and creepy obsession with Obama.His ugliest traits conspired to undo him.How fitting.Featured image via Jack Gruber-Pool/Getty Images",0
1563, Twitter Mocks Trump’s Face Off After Poorly-Spelled Insane Rant About Sally Yates (TWEETS),"Donald Trump kicked off his week with a ridiculous attack on former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates.Yates, of course, was fired after she refused to back Trump s first Muslim ban in court. It was, of course, later deemed unconstitutional and the administration suffered a fair amount of embarrassment from Trump s decision to fire Yates. Yates also warned The Donald about Michael Flynn, who was later fired by the administration for allegedly lying to Vice President Mike Pence about his specious contacts with Russia. Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council,  Trump tweeted Monday morning.Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 8, 2017This, of course, surprised absolutely no one   right down to his terrible spelling. Trump, of course, should have said  counsel,  but our current POTUS isn t exactly the brightest bulb in the bunch of mixed metaphors. In any case, Twitter is on to you, Trump:@realDonaldTrump   and so it begins  Rob Szczerba (@RJSzczerba) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump I m a psychic!!https://t.co/t6hJTxtB9f  david nuzzy nussbaum (@theNuzzy) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump I CALLED IT https://t.co/NBBz5u9JIU  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Crying before you ve been punched  Paul Vale (@PaulVale) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Counsel.  Jon (((Wolfsthal))) (@JBWolfsthal) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Omg you re spelling things wrong and incriminating yourself  nick brennan (@nfbrennan) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump It s COUNSEL, you fucking dumbshit.  Brian Scully (@brianscully) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump You are so scared of Sally Yates it s funny. The world knows you tweet when you are scared and nervous. Get your popcorn ready!!  Brandon Neely (@BrandonTXNeely) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump That s  Counsel,  Mr. Prezadint.  Andrew Feinberg (@agfhome) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump you spelled counsel wrong though. Someone needs to take away your damn phone. Delete your account  Kellee Terrell (@kelleent) May 8, 2017@akaCorbinDallas @realDonaldTrump We should all update our resumes with  smarter than the US president.  Maiko Soares (@maikofigur) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Can you feel the darkness closing in on you, Donnie? They re coming for you. Any minute now.  Chris Menning (@cjmenning) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump You misspelled  counsel  idiot.Yates warned the White House on Jan 26. Trump kept Flynn in for 3 weeks more.Covering up #TrumpRussia pic.twitter.com/WDA6jw0Tqz  DCResisterBee? (@DC_Resister_Bee) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Dude, it s COUNSEL. You re the freaking President and can t even SPELL. 5th graders are your surperior  S vion (@SavionWright) May 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump *counsel. Your team should form a council to proofread and vet your tweets. This is embarrassing.  Stand Up America (@StandUpAmerica) May 8, 2017This is just the beginning of what will almost assuredly be a weeks-long meltdown. We look forward to his eventual resignation.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",0
1564, Trump Just FAILED Hundreds Of Manufacturing Workers And Blamed Obama For It,"Last year, Trump claimed he was succeeding at saving manufacturing jobs by making individual deals with individual companies, like Carrier in Indiana. At the time, people pointed out that he was boasting about the Carrier deal while totally ignoring another Indiana company, Rexnord, that was likewise shipping its jobs to Mexico.And now, Rexnord has done so. NBC News did a report on the plant s closure, which Trump must have watched because he felt the need to lay the blame for this on Obama shortly after it aired:Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that s sold in U.S.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 7, 2017The funny thing is that if he hadn t been bragging about how great he was at saving manufacturing jobs the instant he won the election, and threatening companies who were trying to outsource, he might actually have a case to make. But he promised to save these kinds of jobs and implied that he would do it company by company if he had to.All he did with Rexnord was tweet at them, which did nothing to sway their decision. And their employees feel as though Trump failed them. As one employee said: In the long run, he s done forgot about us  cause he s moved on to bigger and better things. Perhaps this little plant was just too little for Trump to bother with. The move will save Rexnord tens of millions of dollars, because they can pay Mexican workers $3 per hour vs. the $25 per hour they were paying their American workers. Regardless, this is what Trump said back in December, shortly after claiming victory with both Ford and Carrier:Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 3, 2016To our knowledge, Trump never even tried to save these jobs despite calling this company out and threatening them with huge tariffs should they actually do this. This is on his head, not Obama s. You can t brag about how you ll save all these jobs and then blame your predecessor when it doesn t happen.Watch NBC News  report below:Featured image by Olivier Douliery-Pool via Getty Images",0
1565, Here’s The Disgusting Propaganda The White House Plans To Use To Smear Sally Yates’ Russia Testimony (DETAILS),"The world is eagerly awaiting the testimony of former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates regarding the Trump/Russia connection. Of course, we all remember how she was promptly fired for refusing to defend Donald Trump and his bigoted administration s unconstitutional Muslim ban. Afterward, it also came out that Yates warned Trump and others in the White House that then-National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was possibly compromised by Russian operatives. He was only fired weeks later when it came out that he lied to Mike Pence about his conversations with the Russians. Now, it seems that the White House has two goals: Smear Sally Yates as some kind of Democratic political hack, and put as much distance as they can between the Trump Administration and Michael Flynn.Now that they cannot stop Sally Yates from telling Congress everything she knows about this Russia mess, it seems that Flynn will be the one to take the fall, and despite his previous loyalty to Trump, the White House is just fine with that. Perhaps this is why Flynn previously asked for immunity so he could tell Congress what he knows. Axios reports that the Trump White House strategy to make themselves look squeaky clean in all of this when they are clearly balls deep is as follows:Of course, the point of portraying Yates as some kind of Obama holdover is to make it seem like she s making the case for Trump s impeachment and the indictment of his officials. She isn t, though. Sally Yates is a career Department of Justice lawyer who has served under both Republican and Democratic administrations. Her only loyalty is to the law.This is all just more of the Trump Administration s lies and propaganda, in order to distract from the fact that this Russia mess is getting hotter and hotter by the day. Hopefully, there is something Sally Yates has to say that will warrant a few arrests   starting in the West Wing of the White House.Featured image via Pete Marovich/Getty Images",0
1566, Dem. Senator BLASTS Mitch McConnell For Excluding Women From Panel Drafting New Senate Health Plan,"Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) announced who he has selected to take on crafting the Senate version of the House-passed American Health Care Act (AHCA), but Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) is having none of it and blasted McConnell for not putting any of the female senators in the group.Feinstein expressed her extreme displeasure with the decision to exclude women from this important panel on Meet the Press. She told Andrea Mitchell, I don t know what the 13 white men, when you have five Republican women who are excluded from that, that these 13 men are supposed to sit down and put something together. One main problem with leaving women off of this key panel is that as passed by the House, the ACHA drastically changed the way pre-existing conditions are treated. Under the Affordable Care Act, premiums could not be raised nor could coverage be denied to people with pre-existing health issues. While many of these problems can affect men and women, such as depression and acne, some only apply to women. For example, pregnancy and problems with menstruation can be considered pre-existing conditions under the House bill.Feinstein noted that women s health care has to be considered when they draft the Senate bill. As for responses to the House bill, The American Medical Association, the American Hospital Association, and the National Physicians Alliance have all come out against the ACHA.  Feinstein added, Women s health is a big part of this, and women are a majority of the population and their health interests deserve to be contemplated in any reform. I m really very worried that in the rush to judgment, we create a major healthcare problem for people. And we lose a lot of jobs in so doing and we create a whole atmosphere of unpredictability. For an idea of what they may now consider pre-existing conditions, this is just the short list of what might force someone to pay more under Trump s plan, as passed by the House. By making it legal to charge people more for having these problems, they may not be officially barring them from getting insurance but they will make it too expensive for people to afford it.This list is not complete, but you get the gist. Barring women from any discussions relating to this new draft for the Senate is absolutely absurd and it s just one more reason why we have to keep resisting   they can t be allowed to pass this bill without every voice being heard. Call your senators now before it s too late!Featured image via Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images.",0
1567, France REJECTS Far-Right Fascist In LANDSLIDE Victory For Democracy (DETAILS),"All over the western world, we have seen a wave of nationalistic, xenophobic fascism take hold in the last year or so. It is what gave Great Britain its exit from the European Union, or Brexit. It is also what gave the United States Donald Trump. However, as the rest of Europe sees the results and suffering of these tragic mistakes, the tide is turning away from fascistic nationalism and back toward democracy. The Netherlands rejected Geert Wilders, a staunchly nationalistic, far-right candidate who wanted to ban Islam outright from The Netherlands, and who was also endorsed by U.S. Congressman Steve King (R-IA), he of the infamous  somebody else s babies  tweet. The same happened in Austria, where the voters there rejected another right-wing nut. Now, France has become the latest to prove that democracy trumps fascism, as their voters rejoice in the election of centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron over far-right, anti-immigrant lunatic Marine Le Pen.This was no squeaker, either. This was firm rejection of Le Pen s fascistic, bigoted rhetoric and anti-immigrant, nationalistic policies. Macron won with 65% of the French vote, and will hopefully now go quietly into the night now that the she can clearly see that the French people did not want her craziness to become law.There is another side to this, though. Perhaps the French people are seeing what the  change  election has done to us here in America? After all, Marine Le Pen has often been referred to as the French Donald Trump. Hell, Le Pen herself has admitted that Trump s election here in America has given her legitimacy, and she was spotted at Trump Tower in New York City earlier this year. Therefore it should come as no surprise that Trump endorsed her candidacy. They are two of a kind.However, Le Pen s sound defeat should give us all hope. As Trump s disastrous presidency unfolds and his failures mount, perhaps America will come to her senses in 2020 if we happen to survive this, and reject this nationalism and xenophobia. It s the only sensible thing to do.Featured image via video screen capture from Twitter",0
1568, WATCH: Kellyanne Conway BASHES Americans Who Oppose Trumpcare: They Are Jeering From The ‘Cheap Seats’,"How is the wicked witch of the White House still allowed to talk on television?When House Republicans passed their Trumpcare bill on Thursday, they did so without reading it or getting a CBO score for it, which made it easier for them to close their eyes and vote to screw over the American people, including their own constituents.Trump s healthcare bill would strip healthcare from millions of Americans. Prior to the Affordable Care Act, 45,000 people in this country died every year due to a lack of accessible and affordable healthcare. The Trumpcare bill would repeal President Obama s signature law and put thousands of Americans at risk of dying because they can t get health insurance.But Kellyanne Conway went on Fox News on Sunday to deny that people die because of not having health insurance. In short, her attempt to defend Trump s bill was pathetic and insulting.First, she referred to Americans who oppose Trump s bill as liars jeering from the  cheap seats. Look, it s easier to jeer from the cheap seats than come up with a message of your own and be honest about the facts,  Conway said.  How did we get here? Why have so many Americans asked for Obamacare to be repealed and replaced? It s because you have premiums that have increased by 40 percent on average. And then she whined about opponents warning that the bill will kill people and accused them of using scare tactics. You know, saying people are going to die   and the enablers in the mainstream media not calling out those breathless, heartless predictions, and going right on to prognostication for 2018. Why in the world are we talking about who is going to win in 2018 when the duty of the mainstream media, of  news reporters  is to tell you what s actually in the bill, not to allow others to scare. Here s the video via YouTube.You know who is really being breathless and heartless? Kellyanne Conway.Once again, she is lying to the American people and insulting everyone who opposes Donald Trump and his downright evil agenda.It is a FACT that thousands of people died every year because they can t afford health insurance.The Affordable Care Act is not perfect, which is why Democrats have offered to work with Republicans to fix what needs to be fixed, but Republicans are so obsessed with erasing every achievement made by President Obama that they are unwilling to do so. They would rather scrap the entire law instead.The problem is that the Republican bill does not protect people with pre-existing conditions. In fact, it classifies pregnancy, PTSD, and sexual assault as pre-existing conditions that would disqualify people from getting health insurance. Furthermore, it slaps senior citizens with an age tax and puts a limit on how long insurance will cover their needs. It also makes them pay MORE for healthcare than they currently do now under the Affordable Care Act.Trump s bill would make it impossible for low-income Americans to afford health insurance, thereby sentencing them to death if they get seriously sick and can t afford care.Basically, Trump s bill really does include death panels, which, interestingly enough, was a lie that Republicans repeatedly used to scare people into opposing the Affordable Care Act. Now they are accusing Democrats of doing the same thing even though Trump s bill would repeal a law that has literally saved thousands of lives over the years. Trump s bill would end those lives.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1569, ICYMI: SNL Skewers “Morning Joe” And It Is Hilarious,"This week s cold open for Saturday Night Live featured a parody of the morning show, Morning Joe. The sketch featured Alex Moffat as host Joe Scarborough and Kate McKinnon as Mika Mika Brzezinski. The sketch also has Alec Baldwin as President Donald Trump, who calls into the show as  John Miller,  a spokesperson for the White House. Back in the day, Trump was known for calling reporters all over the New York area pretending to be his own publicist. He would call, not to tout his business successes but to brag about his sex life.The sketch also made fun of the relationship between the hosts. The pair got engaged recently when they were celebrating Mika s 50th birthday. The sketch shows the response from the other panelists on the show, Mark Halperin, Willie Geist and Mike Barnacle, who all have no idea how to respond to Joe and Mika s behavior on the set.Featured image via Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images.",0
1570, Paul Ryan Takes A Monumentally HUMILIATING Photo With A Constituent Who EXPERTLY Trolled Him (IMAGE),"Politicians are all about photo-ops. This is especially true of high-ranking, smarmy types like House Speaker Paul Ryan. However, Speaker Ryan s opportunism got the best of him during the congressional break this weekend, when he wound up taking a picture with a #RESISTANCE activist while Ryan himself was wearing an apron at a shelter of some sort and pretending to care about people.Of course, the members of Congress are taking their break amid the worst, most cruel and craven healthcare bill that has been passed in living memory, and millions of Americans are understandably upset at the prospect of the Republicans taking their healthcare away as these rich assholes celebrate in the White House Rose Garden with Donald Trump. After all, all the House GOP cares about is a win for their egotistical orange  president.  Therefore, it should come as no surprise that a  protester wearing a  Pod Save America  t-shirt that read Repeal and go f*ck yourself,  and that was signed  GOP,  took the opportunity to troll Speaker Ryan so expertly. Here is the shot, via Twitter:Couple friends of the pod hanging out this morning. @jonfavs @jonlovett @TVietor08 pic.twitter.com/aT3nqiyOlu  J (@Minnysconsin) May 6, 2017So, in other words, either Paul Ryan KNOWS people hate him around the nation, or he is too ignorant to realize how much people hate him. Or, most likely, he s been in Congress so long he thinks he cannot get voted out, and therefore doesn t care what his policies do to ordinary Americans   up to an including death   just so long as he and his rich buddies get their tax cuts. The latter is the most likely scenario, and we should all remember that. Wisconsinites   look at who this guy is. VOTE. HIM. OUT. SHOCK HIM in 2018. For this  speaker  into early retirement, and install a Democratic government that will work for you, not the rich.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1571, MSNBC BRILLIANTLY Smacks Offended Trumpkins Who Want Colbert Fired For A Joke (VIDEO),"By now, everyone knows that Stephen Colbert laid into Donald Trump in spectacular fashion on Monday night with a tirade that culminated with the Late Show host declaring that the wannabe president s mouth isn t good for anything but serving as Russian President Vladimir Putin s  cock holster.  Now, considering all the vulgar language Trump has used and continues to use, and his cavalier attitude toward said language   and, in some cases, even actions   one would think this sort of thing would be accepted as par for the course in this administration. But, alas, common sense is scarce here, so of course Trump and his supporters are offended. Hell, even the Federal Communications Commission is trying to go after Colbert for the joke. Well, an MSNBC panel has just about had enough of the double standards and hypocrisy on this one, and they let Trump and his cronies know it on Saturday.Dean Obeidallah, Scott Blakeman and Judy Gold appeared on Saturday s edition of Joy Reid s weekend show, AM Joy, and lit into the people going after Colbert for making fun of Trump in a crude way. First, Obeidallah railed against the idea that GOP types could ever think   much less care   that joke was homophobic. He also alluded to how it is Trump who took our politics into the gutter, and therefore he is not immune to being the subject of such crude jokes: Nothing is off limits with this guy. I think comedians are playing a role in preventing him from being normalized. Too bad little snowflakes. We re going to make as many jokes as we want. You need a safe space, go hide. Put on your big boy pants because it s just beginning. Judy Gold then chimed in, reminding everyone that right-wingers bitched about Ann Coulter being too nasty to speak at Berkeley, and how right-wingers reacted to that. Either they like free speech or they don t. Gold said: The outrage that we had to listen to about Ann Coulter and her hate speech at Berkeley that the conservatives were,  Oh, you know, there s too much political correctness, too much of this and too much of that.  Colbert is a comedian. He is telling a joke. Funny is funny. This panel is correct. The Right wants to cry foul if someone shuts down one of their speakers, but they want a late night comedian fined if he says something that is a little too off color for their tastes about their great orange leader. Get used to it, conservatives. Elect a clown, expect a circus. And expect the people who realize what a clown he is to make fun of said clown and its circus.Watch the video below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1572, Multiple Sclerosis Patient Montel Williams Rips GOP Health Care Bill To Pieces: ‘So Wrong’ (VIDEO),"Montel Williams, who has been fighting Multiple Sclerosis since 1999, ripped the GOP s hideous health care bill, and the Republicans who voted for it, to pieces.The American Health Care Act guts the protections for pre-existing conditions that Obamacare had provided. Under the AHCA, states could opt out of federal regulations and allow insurance companies to charge people with pre-existing conditions as much as they want. This means that sick people, the very people who need medical care the most, could find themselves priced out of insurance coverage.Williams, who has been a vocal advocate for MS, weighed in on the bill during an interview with CNN on Saturday. When by asked by Ana Cabrera what he thought of the AHCA, Williams did not hold back.What people at home don t understand, when you say terms and things like pre-existing conditions, they really are basing this on what an insurance company has stated was a pre-existing condition.So, they think about 22 percent of Americans have a problem right this minute. This is from the National Institutes of Health. Over 56 percent of adult Americans, 120 million adult Americans, have one chronic illness. And around 80 percent of them have at least two.So these numbers that people throw out are so wrong.Cabrera pointed out that Republicans have promised  access  to health care, but what they really mean is that you can get insurance coverage if you are rich enough to pay for it. Williams said that he is lucky to be able to afford whatever health insurance he needs, but most Americans don t have that luxury.He went on to say that many MS patients are already unable to get the medications they need to control this debilitating neurological condition because they don t have insurance. Williams explained that the medication he himself is on costs over $1,500 a month. I also have MS, and the price tag for just one of my medications tops $100,000 a year.Williams says that we need to worry about lowering costs, not signing people s death warrants with heinous bills like the AHCA. He explains that the  normal American  can t afford to pay these kinds of prices for the medicines  that keep them alive. That s what insurance is for,  he added.Watch Montel tear the GOP health care bill to pieces, here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1573, More Networks Join in the Boycott of New Trump Ad,"If you were not ready to give thought to anything other than politics, you are in luck as the campaign for 2020 has already begun. The Trump/Pence team has already put out its first ad, in which they decry the fake news. This has caused several of the main news networks to say they will not air the new ad.CNN, ABC and NBC has cited a graphic that shows the words  fake news  over the faces of a number of anchors. The rest of the ad is devoted to listing President Donald Trump s accomplishments over the first 100 days that he has been in the White House. The ad goes on to flame the  fake news  for not covering everything the president has done since assuming office.All networks that are not running the ad say that it is inaccurate. ABC News reported that the ad was a personal attack against the network. The reporters who were targeted by the Trump ad were Rachel Maddow, Wolf Blitzer, Andrea Mitchell, Scott Pelley and George Stephanopoulos.Trump s daughter in law weighed in. Lara Trump, Eric s wife, said,  Apparently, the mainstream media are champions of the First Amendment only when it serves their own political views.  She is working on the president s reelection efforts.The campaign is not just making misleading ads, however. They are also actively working on donations and are courting high level donors.The ad also lists the problems the campaign has seen with press coverage of the president and his team. For example, Sean Hannity did a press interview with 60 Minutes and he had a beef with the way they edited the piece. Another example of  fake news  coverage was a segment on The Rachel Maddow Show where a copy of the president s 2005 tax return.The ad will run on FOX News and the FOX Business Network.Featured image via the Trump/Pence campaign.",0
1574," In 2011, Stephen Colbert Gave Us A Futuristic View Of Trump’s Presidency; He Wasn’t Far Off (VIDEO)","Stephen Colbert came under fire from conservatives this week for a late night monologue that could best be defined as a rant against Donald Trump. It ended with Colbert saying,  The only thing your mouth is good for is being Vladimir Putin s cock holster. This is far from the first time Colbert has gone after Trump. Back in 2011, when the potential to run for president was only a rumor, and when Trump was best known for propagating the birther theory about President Obama, Colbert poked fun at Trump s pointless and non-sequitur way of speaking.In the video, Colbert began by talking about a GOP presidential debate that barely anyone chose to attend. About halfway through, though, Colbert started poking fun at Trump s style of saying nothing but using a lot of words to do it. In this, Trump compared gay marriage to using a long putter (post all jokes in the comments).TRUMP: It s like in golf. A lot of people I don t want this to sound trivial but a lot of people are switching to these really long putters, very unattractive. It s weird. You see these great players with these really long putters, because they can t sink three-footers anymore. And, I hate it. I am a traditionalist. I have so many fabulous friends who happen to be gay, but I am a traditionalist.Colbert figured that that form of  logic  could be applied to other things as well, like raising the debt ceiling or Medicare. He compared it to almond butter. Medicare would be like cuff links.Here s the video:Colbert wasn t too far off at all. Trump as Oval Office Occupier continues the same sort of speaking style, often making no sense at all. The perfect example was when he was far more interested in the chocolate cake he was eating when he bombed Syria than in the bombing itself. In fact, he forgot the name of the country he bombed.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
1575, Seth Meyers Shows Clip After Clip Of Trump’s Incredible Stupidity (VIDEO),"Seth Meyers takes his  A Closer Look  segment to destroy President Donald Trump and his Press Secretary Sean Spicer. Meyers found more examples of stupidity on behalf of the White House, including a reference to something George W. Bush said that clearly went over the president s head. Bush said that the Oval Office is that shape to  have no corners to hide in.  He also brought up a recent interview Trump did with John Dickerson, of CBS s Face the Nation. Trump referred to the show as  Deface the Nation.  While calling news outlets he doesn t like is not anything new, this was the first time he did it to the reporter s face and while taping an interview for the show in question.The comedian wasn t done there. He also eviscerated the performance of the press secretary who seems to make less and less sense in his daily press briefings. Despite Spicer s claims, the new border fence was paid for by previous administrations. Featured image via Lloyd Bishop/NBC.",0
1576, Ellen DeGeneres Refuses To Have Donald Trump On Her Show; Here’s Why (VIDEO),"Ellen DeGeneres, perhaps more than anyone, has shown average Americans that LGBT people are just like other people, only in her case, a lot funnier, a better dancer and a lot nicer. She s so nice that she rarely weighs into political issues, so for liberals, it was refreshing when she told Matt Lauer of The Today Show that she would never have Trump on her show because  he s against everything that (she) stand(s) for. The daytime talkshow host has interviewed numerous politicians on her show, including Barack and Michelle Obama, Bernie Sanders and even George W. Bush. Obama even awarded her the Presidential Medal of Freedom. But for Trump, she says,  I m not going to change his mind,  and that kills it for her. We need to look at someone else who looks different than us and believes in something that we don t believe in and still accept them, and still let them have their rights. It s not really personal for DeGeneres, who said she s met Trump and never had a problem with him until he began running for president. I flew in his helicopter and did a bit with him. So I knew him then,  she told Lauer. I have not spoken to him since he s run for president or become president,  she said.Here s the video:DeGeneres came out 20 years ago. Since then, she has gained mainstream acceptance and there s little doubt that her show and her persona have helped change Americans  views on LGBT rights.She doesn t get political too often, but this isn t the first time she has spoken out against Trump. DeGeneres was the voice of Dory in the animated Pixar film Finding Dory. After Trump s inauguration, she noted that there were similarities between Dory and Trump s proposed border wall. Now, of course Finding Dory is about a fish named Dory,  DeGeneres said in front of a monitor displaying stills from the film.  And, Dory lives in Australia, and these are her parents, and they live in America. And I don t know what religion they are, but her dad sounds a little Jewish   doesn t matter. Dory arrives in America with her friends Marlin and Nemo,  the host continued.  She ends up at the Marine Life Institute behind a large wall. They all have to get over the wall and you won t believe it, but that wall has almost no effect in keeping them out.  Judging from the audience s applause, they particularly enjoyed DeGeneres  joke. Even though Dory gets into America, she ends up separated from her family, but the other animals help Dory,  DeGeneres began.  Animals that don t even need her. Animals that don t even have anything in common with her. They help her, even though they re completely different colors. Because that s what you do when you see someone in need   you help them. Source: USA TodayLet s hope DeGeneres speaks out more in the future. But when one of the nicest people in the world won t even welcome Trump, perhaps Trump should listen   not that he would.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images.",0
1577," Mike Huckabee Posts ‘Super Racist’ Cinco De Mayo Tweet, America Responds Perfectly","Ever since Donald Trump won the election, Republicans have felt they have free reign to show just how racist and despicable they can be. The party s true colors are on full display, and today s GOPers have no shame in expressing their most vile thoughts and offensive sense of humor.We saw this today when Mike Huckabee decided to celebrate Cinco de Mayo by tweeting an extremely racist message, which he obviously thought was hilarious. The problem is, no one else did.People have criticized Huckabee s jokes before, stating that they re either not funny or mean-spirited, and some are just plain confusing. In this case, Huckabee went full racist and unleashed his funny bone on Twitter.Huckabee stated that in celebration of Cinco de Mayo, he would  drink an entire jar of hot salsa , watch racist cartoons and  speak Spanish  all day. You can t get more racist than that: If you didn t think this  joke  was funny, you re not alone   tons of people on Twitter didn t enjoy it, either   and they didn t hesitate to tell him. Huckabee got dragged on Twitter, proving that America won t stand for the  values  that the Trump administration is trying to push on the country. Here are some of the best responses:      Here s our favorite, and it s probably the response that will hurt the most, because it s true!After his presidential campaign crashed and burned, coming to a pathetic end, Huckabee is struggling to stay relevant. He hopped on the Trump train for a while, and this joke explains exactly why he supported the undeserving POTUS   racists love to stick together.Hopefully, the backlash to this tweet will remind Huckabee that no one likes him and that racism is still not okay, even if we do have a racist president at the moment.Featured image via Getty Images",0
1578, Stephen Colbert Made A Joke About Trump And Now The Government Is Investigating Him,"On Monday night, Stephen Colbert was on fire. Trump went after one of Colbert s network colleagues, John Dickerson, calling the program Face the Nation, Deface the Nation. That didn t go over well with the comedian, who went on a rant against Trump. Mr. Trump, your presidency? I love your presidency. I call it Disgrace the Nation. You re not the POTUS. You re the BLOATUS. You re the glutton with the button. You re a regular Gorge Washington. You re the presi-dunce, but you re turning into a real prick-tator. Sir, you attract more skinheads than free Rogaine. You have more people marching against you than cancer. You talk like a sign language gorilla who got hit in the head. In fact, the only thing your mouth is good for is being Vladimir Putin s [censored] holster. Your presidential library is going to be a kids  menu and a couple of Juggs magazines. The only thing smaller than your hands is your tax returns, and you can take that any way you want. Since then, conservatives have suddenly become the arbiter of political correctness and they suddenly give a crap about gay people, well, they care that their beloved leader had a sex joke made about him, which somehow makes Colbert homophobic. #FireColbert immediately became a trending hashtag on Twitter.I am a conservative who respects free speech. However, I will boycott you show and any sponsors of your show. No CBS 4 me #FireColbert  Vote Trump 2020 (@GoTrumpFL) May 4, 2017I actually feel sorry for the people who regularly watch this loser @StephenAtHome .their souls must also be full of hate!#FireColbert pic.twitter.com/UsXRgEkqQ5  Dash Riprock (@PhilMcCrackin44) May 4, 2017So Mr. Colbert has no regrets for his hateful comments about our our Pres.??. Guess we ll have NO regrets to #BoycottCBS! ??#FireColbert! pic.twitter.com/aGA4ooiGrY  RanneG (@ruthieanneCCOT) May 4, 2017Only liberals can say the most vile things about the @POTUS on national T.V., refuse to apologize and get away with it. #FireColbert #MAGA pic.twitter.com/Q60zgowGqL  John Paul (@JohnPaul_USA) May 4, 2017Apparently, John Paul never watched Fox News during the Obama administration.Colbert really didn t care about the backlash, although he did admit that he  would change a few words that were cruder than they needed to be. Politically correct conservative little snowflakes are taking it to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to complain and they are opening an investigation. We are going to take the facts that we find and we are going to apply the law as it s been set out by the Supreme Court and other courts and we ll take the appropriate action,  he told Talk Radio 1210 WPHT Thursday. Traditionally, the agency has to decide, if it does find a violation, what the appropriate remedy should be,  he said.  A fine, of some sort, is typically what we do. Ajit Pai, who heads the administration, is an Obama appointee but was made head of the FCC by Donald Trump, so yes, he does have a political position and it s not hard to imagine that the thin-skinned dictator wannabe is putting pressure on Pai. After all, in Trump s short history, he has already fired several people who dared disagree with, or would potentially disagree with, Der Orange F hrer.That s not to imply that Pai is corrupt. He s already given himself an out for punishing Colbert and CBS by noting that standards are different for late night TV than they are for daytime or prime time. Let s hope he maintains his integrity.Featured image via video screen capture.",0
1579," WATCH: Teacher Whitesplains His Use Of ‘N***er’ To Black Student, Fails MISERABLY (VIDEO)","Just when you think you ve seen everything, a video pops up online showing a white teacher trying to explain to a black student that it s okay to use the n-word.In Louisiana, at Ben Franklin High School, a teacher referenced as  Coach Ryan  is seen on video in a heated discussion with a black student. The student is clearly upset with the teacher and would like Coach Ryan to stop using the n-word.The teacher even went so far as to say that it s a  commoditized word  that holds no negative meaning anymore and that people need to move on from thinking that it s bad.You can hear the student say: That s racist as sh*t. Why can you not understand that it s racist for a white man to say  n***er  to a black man? It s f*cking racist. Watch the interaction here:It s unbelievable, yet unfortunately believable, that a teacher in the year 2017 would not only think that it s okay to use the n-word, but to also try to argue with a black student about it, and insist that it s not racist.The Root reports: According to the TImes-Picayune, students went to the principal s office after class with the intent of staging a sit-in that instead turned into an hourlong assembly.Videos and photos of the assembly circulated on social media, too, with a different student talking about the stigma that black people face in society. It s good that a great discussion stemmed from such a profoundly awful situation, but hopefully, that teacher has also been reprimanded for his insanely derogatory speech. When our educators are trying to educate that racism is okay, that s not okay at all.Featured image via video screen capture",0
1580, Trump Accidentally Says He Wants Single Payer In Latest Tweet – Twitter Lets Him Know (TWEETS),"It can easily be said that Donald Trump is a few sandwiches short of a picnic, and he just proved that fact once again with his latest tweet.Trump, since the start of his campaign, has been telling everyone that he s going to get rid of Obamacare and replace it with something better, and quite honestly if his latest tweet is what he wants   liberals will likely get on board. However, in his idiocy, he probably doesn t realize what he just said.Trump tweeted out: Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do  everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great. Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do  everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 5, 2017If Trump wants to give us what the rest of the industrialized world has, have at it! Please do!!Australia has a Medicare for all program for their citizens, and nations around the world have similar health systems that provide care for their nation s citizens. They take out the middleman of for-profit insurance, and give direct, affordable care, only increasing taxes slightly, and you no longer have the added expense of insurance premiums. AND EVERYONE IS COVERED.Now, this isn t likely what Trump meant to say, but it is what he said.The American Health Care Act, better known as Trumpcare, that passed yesterday in the House is simply a gift to the wealthy while stripping insurance and necessary benefits from those who need it most. That s NOT what Australia has, and would be far worse than anything else in the world.Twitter quickly reminded Trump that he s a moron:@realDonaldTrump Australia is part of the rest of the civilized world that has Universal HC.We can do better.#AHCA#FridayFeeling #TheResistance pic.twitter.com/X1K7f6mAg3  Holly O'Reilly (@AynRandPaulRyan) May 5, 2017@realDonaldTrump And why do you think that everybody else has better healthcare than we do? Could it perhaps be because of universal coverage?  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) May 5, 2017@realDonaldTrump Here is the health insurance coverage rate in America compared with other countries before Obamacare. Yes, let's turn back the clock! pic.twitter.com/FNetX0NBnd  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) May 5, 2017@realDonaldTrump THEY HAVE GOVERNMENT FUNDED UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE pic.twitter.com/z1OX0e0Mf7  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) May 5, 2017@realDonaldTrump What's the one thing pretty much every industrialized nation has with regards to healthcare that we don't?  Parker Molloy (@ParkerMolloy) May 5, 2017@realDonaldTrump So you're now FOR Tax payer funded Universal Healthcare??? make it happen, then!!  Kyle McMahon (@KMacMusic) May 5, 2017@realDonaldTrump Will you promise the American people right now to support an Australian-style healthcare system?  Dave Hogg ? (@Stareagle) May 5, 2017We ll likely see Trump denying he said what he said in this tweet later today, but in the meantime, let s pretend he wants Universal coverage so we all can have a little hope back in our lives.Featured Photo by Getty Images",0
1581, Trump Nominee Brags That Taking Away Healthcare Will Force More Americans To Convert To Christianity,"Now we know the real reason why Republicans oppose universal healthcare.Donald Trump s Army Secretary nominee Mark Green is a Tennessee state senator who thinks healthcare is an obstacle that prevents churches from converting people to Christianity.Apparently, is people are healthy, it s a lot harder for them to be taken advantage of. The sick, on the other hand, will be desperate to feel better, and without healthcare to make them better, Green says they ll be forced to turn to God. The person who s in need   they look to the government for the answer, not God, and I think in that way government has done an injustice that s even bigger than just the creation of an entitlement welfare state,  Green said in 2015. In this setting, I ll share the story, I think it interrupts the opportunity for people to come to a saving knowledge of who God is. I see our sort of government-based assistance taking God out of the picture,  Green said.  If you look at the Gospels and you go and study the Gospels, every person who came to Christ came to Christ with a physical need. It was either hunger or a disease. People go to God because of a physical need and they walk away with a spiritual need met. In other words, Green opposes healthcare because he wants sick people to be desperate enough to convert to his religion. This is all about forcing people to accept a religious belief if they are sick instead of giving them the medical care they need. Basically, this is blackmail on a sickening level.Republicans are basically saying that sick people should have to become devout Christians first before getting the healthcare they need.On Thursday, House Republicans voted to strip healthcare from millions of Americans. The bill also fails to cover those with pre-existing conditions and gives a massive tax gift to the wealthy. One wonders if Green s beliefs figured into their morally bankrupt decision.The bottom line is that people should not have to adopt a religious belief in order to get healthcare.Such a system is cruel and further breaks down faith in religious institutions. Churches would become nothing more than prisons where the less devout and non-believers are punished by being denied real healthcare.That s not what America is all about.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
1582, Trump Says He’s Going To Save the Country Money By Going Golfing Again,"The current occupant of the White House is occupying a golf course again, marking this (a three day weekend for him) his 21st visit to a golf course as  president.  Just after gutting health care for up to 24 million Americans, then throwing a kegger for Republicans who were complicit in an attack on their own constituents, Donald Trump decided to take a vacay and go golfing.This morning Trump tweeted from his social media podium,  Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money! Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 5, 2017So, after sticking a knife in the middle class and lower-income Americans by passing Trumpcare through the House, the former reality show star traipsed off to his fancy golf club which costs members $300,000 a shot. Again, that was after he gave the top 2 percent a trillion dollar tax cut while gifting the bottom 40 percent with having to pay for it with their health care. Are we tired of all this winning yet? Apparently, the 70-year-old alleged president is so he s taking a break.Trump is spending a long weekend at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, NJ.This is his 21st visit to a golf course as president. https://t.co/6Cijy24jLr  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) May 5, 2017While the amateur president claims he ll be  working  at his  home  which is not really his home since he s supposed to reside in the White House, his work day doesn t look very filled up, according to Politico.TRUMP S SCHEDULE: President Donald Trump is at his Bedminster Golf Club in New Jersey and has no public events scheduled.That s all that is listed on his schedule. The former reality show star thinks being leader of the free world is a 9-5 type of gig with an extra day off for knifing the poor and middle class.During the same period of time in Barack Obama s presidency, he golfed once. One time. And Donald Trump repeatedly disparaged him for it. As of April 2nd, Trump spent nine consecutive weekends at Trump-owned properties, bringing up once more his mounting conflicts of interest.Trump was already in New York City where he could have spent time with his wife, who is totally in love with him, and their son, Barron. But, according to Trump, he didn t want to  cause a disruption.  Now far be it from us to call him a Big Old Liar, but Trump didn t remain in NYC, because everyone there hates him. And that may or may not include his wife. Who knows.It s really bad optics to screw the poor over then go golfing with wealthy people. To Trump, saving us money means costing us more money. We re living in an alt-reality where facts don t matter anymore.Photo by Ian MacNicol/Getty Images.",0
1583, FDA Department Gets Order From White House Saying All Office TVs Must Be Programmed To Fox News Only,"A little over 100 days into America s experiment in dystopian rule took a predictably sad turn: The Trump administration, apparently tired of allowing people to watch non-propaganda, have begun ordering government agencies to only allow Fox News to be played in government buildings. Fox News, of course, has operated as little more than a full-time state news agency for the Trump administration.The Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research (CBER), operating within the FDA, was given this message after employees asked why all of their monitors had inexplicably been changed to Fox News:I wanted to let everyone know that the reason for the change from CNN to FOX.The reason for the change is that a decision from the current administration adminstrative officials has requested that all monitors, under our control, on the White Oak Campus, display FOX news.Sorry for the inconvenience, but I am unable to change any of the monitors to any other news source at this time.Reporter Julia Reinstein confirmed the email from a source within the research center.Someone at CBER sent me the email which told staff TVs had been switched to Fox News by order of the admin pic.twitter.com/rsCzpOtdpv  Julia Reinstein (@juliareinstein) May 5, 2017Reinstein got a picture confirming that the TVs within an office filled with serious scientists and researchers trying to do their jobs really were streaming Fox News.Here's Fox News on the TVs at CBER, same day an email went out to staff saying it had been switched from CNN to Fox by order of Trump admin pic.twitter.com/uVPx8jekIk  Julia Reinstein (@juliareinstein) May 5, 2017Fox News has weathered its own scandals recently by doubling, then tripling down on unwavering support of Donald Trump. Its years of anti-Obama hysterics have given way to a Trump promotional operation that is breathtaking to watch. The mental gymnastics the network pulls in order to defend Trump s (largely unsuccessful) first 100 days has become the stuff of legend, including what may be one of the most unintentionally hilarious tweets ever published.Jobless rate after first 3 months: Trump vs. Obama vs. Bush vs. Clinton. pic.twitter.com/EUTEseJyTj  Fox News (@FoxNews) April 29, 2017Unsurprisingly, all of this favorable coverage has pleased Trump, who is reportedly obsessed with what people are saying about him on cable news. On the same day the White House ordered CBER to start playing Fox News, Trump took time out of his schedule to praise Fox News morning show  Fox and Friends  for its ratings.Congratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 4, 2017We are actively monitoring other governmental agencies to see if similar orders emerge. It seems highly unlikely that Trump would target just CBER with an order to watch Fox News. We ll update when we have more.Featured image via Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1584," Trump Just Visited His Home State, And New Yorkers Told Him To Get F*cked (IMAGES/VIDEO)","On Thursday, Donald Trump visited his home state for the first time since he was kinda-sorta  elected  President by a minority of the population and a system of rules that is in inexplicably still in place to protect slavery (seriously). Let s just say the welcome wasn t the warmest. I m just here to protest everything Trump,  protester and real estate broker Nina Horowitz told the Straits Times.  It just gets worse and worse and he s just not president material by any stretch of the imagination. He s an anti-intellectual who s not qualified for the job and I believe he contradicts what America is supposed to be about,  said a protest organizer.The crowd collectively had a message for Trump:  New York hates you. Here is just a little bit of what The Donald dealt with upon his return home.Protesters gather outside the Intrepid ahead of Trump's arrival https://t.co/KHFZVFhRrg via @YahooNews pic.twitter.com/hbLdfBLM9l  Steven Wroblewski (@WrobStv) May 5, 2017Donald Trump, you aren't welcome here. pic.twitter.com/5eMJ8hOaTy  Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) May 4, 2017Anti-Trump protest on NYC Westside. pic.twitter.com/Bi9PITUHmL  Miguel Marquez (@miguelmarquez) May 4, 2017.@womensmarch New York hates you @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/K0oV5HI6P0  SeriouslyUS? (@USseriously) May 4, 2017""New York hates you, Donald Trump!"" protestors yell around @TrumpTower in response to @realDonaldTrump's presence in NYC today pic.twitter.com/ZhARTcu0dm  Madina Toure (@madinatoure) May 4, 2017""Racist, sexist, anti-gay: Donald Trump Go Away. New York Hates You."" https://t.co/qryOLprBx2 pic.twitter.com/wHNjIxaMUo  #NoFascistUSA (@RefuseFascism) May 4, 2017Hundreds march against Donald Trump ahead of New York visit https://t.co/rqR01Gry67 pic.twitter.com/eonA6Yett2  The Straits Times (@STcom) May 5, 2017While he was in New York, Trump told Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, you have better healthcare than we do.  Australia has universal healthcare, a system often derided by Republicans who would rather see the poor suffer than pay a single goddamn penny more in taxes.Donald Trump is a complete embarrassment to our country and the people of his home state know it.This is the response with which Trump should be met everywhere he makes an appearance. Keep resisting, America.Featured image via screengrab",0
1585, Dumbass Alaska Lawmaker Claims Women Have Abortions For A ‘Free Trip To The City’ (VIDEO),"Generations upon generations of incest have apparently caused the gerbils operating the brain of Alaska state Representative David Eastman to go on strike. As House Republicans are directly attacking the American people with their new  Trumpcare  plan, news broke that Eastman   a lawmaker from Wasilla, Sarah Palin s neck of th1e woods   decided to make the GOP sound even more heartless and stupid than they previously seemed.Eastman, who views the elimination of a clump of cells as  the ultimate form of child abuse,  recently tacked an anti-abortion message onto a state House resolution meant to raise awareness about sexual assault and child abuse   a message he says could not possibly be delivered without badgering people about abortion. Abortion is a very serious issue, and it needs to be talked about,  Eastman says, adding that women get pregnant just so they can get a  free trip to the city  for their glamorous abortion: We have folks who try to get pregnant in this state so that they can get a free trip to the city, and we have folks who want to carry their baby past the point of being able to have an abortion in this state so that they can have a free trip to Seattle. Medicaid can fund a woman s travel to Anchorage or Seattle if they seek an abortion. Asked for evidence that women get pregnant just to take advantage of the free travel   a nonsensical claim   Eastman said that a number of people have come to (his) office with stories, experiences.  He offered no evidence to back the claim.This isn t the first horrible thing Eastman has done or said. KTUU notes that he recently was the only person to vote against resolutions honoring black soldiers who helped build the Alaska Highway during World War II and another honoring Hmong and Lao veterans who fought for the U.S. during the Vietnam War. Those resolutions had otherwise unanimous support.It is unclear if he has f*cked himself yet, or if he still needs to do that.Watch him shame his state below:Featured image via video screenshot",0
1586, Rape Can Be Considered A Pre-Existing Condition Under GOP Healthcare Law,"House Republicans managed to pass their healthcare bill on Thursday, just barely, and it is truly a despicable piece of legislation. The right-wing nutjobs who have taken over the Republican party, AKA the Freedom Caucus, refused to vote in favor of the bill as long as Obamacare s protections for pre-existing conditions remained intact. So, the GOP said the hell with it and gutted protections for the sick in order to gain their votes.Think it can t get any worse? WRONG. As if taking health care from 24 million people and removing protections for pre-existing conditions isn t bad enough, what qualifies as a pre-existing condition is even worse.Among possible pre-existing conditions that could result in outrageous premiums are rape and sexual assault. Seriously. Rape.NYMag reports:The new MacArthur-Meadows Amendment will allow states to discriminate based on medical history, reportedly without addressing the subsequent high cost of health care for millions of Americans.In addition to rape, postpartum depression, cesarean sections, and surviving domestic violence are all considered preexisting conditions. Companies can also deny coverage for gynecological services and mammograms.The amendment also says that Nothing in this Act shall be construed as permitting health insurance issuers to discriminate in rates for health insurance coverage by gender.  But, ummm, did you look at what qualifies as a pre-existing condition? Insurance companies don t have to cover  gynecological services and mammograms  that screen for cancer? How many men are gonna need a c-section? How many men have postpartum depression? How many men need a pap smear to check for cervical cancer? Seems pretty damn obvious that being a woman is a pre-existing condition itself.Paul Ryan and Donald Trump have tried to claim that pre-existing conditions are covered, but that isn t exactly the truth. The MacArthur-Meadows amendment  would allow states to opt out of federal regulations and allow insurance companies to charge higher premiums for people who have pre-existing conditions. Since this was the law of the land before the Affordable Care Act, we know what happens when you give insurance companies this option: they set premiums so high that sick people are priced out of insurance coverage altogether.So now, besides the shame, fear, and trauma that have traditionally kept women from seeking medical care after they are sexually assaulted, rape victims now get to worry that they will lose their health insurance if they get help. What the actual f*ck is wrong with these people? This is as disgusting as it gets.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1587, Bernie Bursts Out Laughing After Trump Unknowingly Praises Australia’s Universal Health Care (VIDEO),"Hours after helping begin to repeal America s universal health care system, Trump was in New York smiling and posing for the cameras as he sat next to the Australian Prime Minister. Then he opened his mouth.In a surreal reminder of just how oblivious Trump is, the president who had spent months pushing for Congress to strip access to medical care away from Americans turned to the Australian PM and remarked that Australia has a much better health care system than the United States. We have a failing health care. I shouldn t say this to the great gentleman and my friend from Australia because you have better health care than we do. Like many developed nations, Australia has universal health care for all citizens. They have  better health care than we do  in large part because Republicans spend so much time and energy ensuring many Americans can t get access to insurance. Trump just admitted   in front of rolling cameras   that his latest health care efforts, the reason he s taking a victory lap, actually make Americans worse off than citizens of other countries.The exchanged prompted MSNBC s Chris Hayes and guest Sen. Bernie Sanders to burst into laughter.Trump: Australia has better health care than U.S. (they have universal health care)Watch the reaction from @BernieSanders to @chrislhayes pic.twitter.com/zYF8NsGKF0  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) May 5, 2017When Sanders managed to get control of his laughter, he remarked that Trump might want to look into Australia s system: Wait a minute! Wait a minute! The president has just said it. That s great. Let s take a look at the Australian health care system, or maybe let s look at the Canadian health care system, or the ones in Europe. Thank you, Mr. President. Let us move to a Medicare for all system that does what every other major country on Earth does: Guarantee healthcare to all people for a fraction of the cost that we spend. Thank you, Mr. President. We ll quote you on the floor of the Senate. If that burn was too many words for the president (we ve heard Trump likes getting things in simple pictures), here s the same sentiment for the visual learner-in-chief:Our President, the moron.Featured image via Twitter",0
1588, American Medical Association Eviscerates GOP For Snatching Healthcare Away From Millions,"House Republicans voted on Thursday to rip healthcare away from millions of Americans. Among those who are slamming the GOP for this despicable act are doctors, who know just how bad this will be for their patients.Following the passage of the American Health Care Act, the American Medical Association issued a scathing statement. The AMA, which is the largest group of its kind in the U.S. and represents more than 20,000 physicians, slammed the bill for leaving millions without access to medical care. The bill passed by the House today will result in millions of Americans losing access to quality, affordable health insurance and those with pre-existing health conditions face the possibility of going back to the time when insurers could charge them premiums that made access to coverage out of the question,  AMA President Andrew Gurman said.The group conceded that action is needed to improve the current health care insurance system.  After all, no one has ever claimed that Obamacare was perfect. However, the GOP s bill is not the answer we need. The AMA urged the White House and  the Senate to work toward  bipartisan solutions. The AMA urges the Senate and the Administration to work with physician, patient, hospital and other provider groups to craft bipartisan solutions so all American families can access affordable and meaningful coverage, while preserving the safety net for vulnerable populations,  he said.The CBO has estimated that 24 million people will lose their healthcare coverage under the Republican plan. The elderly and sick (you know, the people who need medical care the most) will be hit the hardest by the GOP bill. Under the AHCA, states will be able to gut protections for pre-existing conditions and tell insurance companies that they can charge sick people as much as they want, even if that means these people are priced out of coverage altogether.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1589, Ex-GOP Congressman Might As Well Be Wearing A Hood During Latest Interview (VIDEO),"The depths of Republican cruelty is on full display this week after the House passed the disastrous unread/unscored bill that we will forever call Trumpcare. It seems though, that even some Republicans are admitting that single payer or at least some form of actual universal healthcare is ideal, but, at least according to ex-congressman and deadbeat dad Joe Walsh, we can t have nice things because we have black people.Walsh, who for some unfathomable reason, is an MSNBC contributor, sparred with host Ali Velshi, who told the ex-congressman that our healthcare system ranks last among the 11 wealthiest nations. All the others have universal healthcare. That s when things turned ugly. You can t compare the rest of the world to us,  Walsh replied.  They do not have the big diverse populations that we have. They do not have the inner-city populations that we have. Later, when Velshi brought up the point again   that the United States ranks poorly in life expectancy, access to care and a variety of other measures   Walsh again brought up diversity. I love you, my friend, but you cannot   Sweden does not have our inner-city population,  he said.  Norway, these countries do not have   you re talking about countries the size of India with homogenous populations, Ali. You can t compare them to what we have! Source: Talking Points MemoVelshi, to his credit, didn t back down. He mentioned Canada, which is actually more ethnically diverse than the United States and has better health care.Here s the video:Walsh, of course, has the entire issue completely backwards. Yes, people of color, and in particular African-Americans and Hispanics, do have a lower life expectancy, although that is improving. But that s not because they are black, as Walsh implies. It s because they are more likely to live in poverty and they are less likely to have insurance.While a plurality (45%) of the uninsured are non-Hispanic Whites, people of color are at higher risk of being uninsured than Whites. People of color make up 41% of the nonelderly U.S. population but account for over half of the total nonelderly uninsured population (Figure 4). The disparity in insurance coverage is especially high for Hispanics, who account for 20% of the nonelderly population but nearly a third (32%) of the nonelderly uninsured population. Hispanics and Blacks have significantly higher uninsured rates (17.2% and 12.2%, respectively) than Whites (8.1%).Source: KFF.orgInstead of addressing poverty and lack of healthcare availability, Republicans like Walsh would rather use this totally fixable disparity to deepen the racial divide in this country and to foster hate. As for Walsh, he might as well wear that hood you know he owns in public. He s not even pretending anymore.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1590, Trump Once Again Offends Australian Leader For The Dumbest Imaginable Reason (VIDEO),"If someone had said just four months ago that our relationship with Australia would suddenly become precarious, the world would have laughed in their face. Then, somehow, we got Donald Trump and our relationship with The Land Down Under suddenly became contentious. On Thursday, for the second time in his short presidency, Donald Trump screwed over the Australian Prime Minister   all so he could celebrate the House s healthcare vote.The weird feud (for lack of a better word) began very soon after Trump took office. Trump hung up on Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull over a dispute about refugees after bragging about his win. Trump called the call, which was reportedly his fourth with a world leader that day,  the worst call by far. It got worse on Thursday when Trump and the Prime Minister were supposed to hash out, or at least cool their differences. You can bet that Turnbull is feeling anything but warm toward the United States after Trump once again snubbed him, just so he could celebrate half a legislative victory.The White House had initially set aside a chunk of time early Thursday evening for the two leaders to hold a bilateral meeting ahead of their joint commemoration of the 75th Anniversary of the Battle of the Coral Sea at a dinner later that night.Instead, Trump is now scheduled to spend 30 minutes with Turnbull ahead of the ceremony, according to an updated schedule released by the White House.Source: Washington PostThis insult was on top of the fact that Trump was already treating Turnbull like a second class leader. Trump hosts most foreign leaders in Washington or at Mar-a-Lago, where they are treated like royalty. The meeting with Turnbull, even in its planned form, was going to be held at the Peninsula Hotel in Manhattan, with little fanfare.Australia, of course, is treating the incident with far more class than they ve been shown by Trump. The delegation does not feel snubbed at all,  said a senior Australian official.  It certainly understands the significant legislative achievement. The program was always on the understanding of fluidity. It s doubtful they re that understanding. They, after all, come from a country that cares about its people s health. Plus, this was only half a victory. The disastrous TrumpCare still needs to pass the Senate.Featured image via Cameron Spencer/Getty Images and Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1591," Democrats Chant Warning To GOP As Trumpcare Passes: Na Na Na Na, Hey Hey Hey, Goodbye! (VIDEO)","Alleged president Donald Trump is throwing a party for House Republicans after passing the worst healthcare plan imaginable to replace Obamacare while sticking a knife in the back of the middle class. Republicans had eight years to come up with a viable alternative, but instead, the ACHA will raise pregnancy costs by 425 percent, and the top two percent will be gifted with a trillion dollar tax cut and that will be paid for by the bottom 40 percent. Fiscally conservative Republicans don t seem to care what Trumpcare will cost the taxpayers. They refused to wait for the CBO scores to find out.Twenty Republicans in total broke with their party and voted against the bill which will strip health care from 24 million Americans.Democrats had a message for House Republicans who voted to let this travesty of a health care plan pass. They taunted Republicans by chanting,  Na na na na, Na na na na, Hey hey hey, Goodbye! Watch:Here's the video: House Dems singing ""Na na na na, Na na na na, Hey hey hey, Goodbye  to Repubs following the health care vote  via @MSNBC pic.twitter.com/nnQ5kc8HEp  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) May 4, 2017Every single Republican who voted for Trumpcare will now have a well-deserved target on their backs.Trumpcare would cut Medicaid by $880 billion, or 25 percent, over 10 years and impose a  per-capita cap  on funding for certain groups of people, such as children and the elderly, according to the New York Times.People with pre-existing conditions will see their premiums explode. The elderly, people with cancer, diabetes, asthma, etc, will see a surge in their premiums. Having healthcare will no longer be affordable. Obamacare had issues but it was fixable and those with pre-existing conditions were covered.Trump supporters will be largely affected by the repeal of Obamacare and some of them are waking up to that inconvenient fact.I voted for Trump, dear god I wish I could take my vote back. To the entire world I apologize #VoteNoAHCA  John Bush (@JohnJBush5) May 4, 2017Republican voters were warned that this would happen. Trump told them he would repeal Obamacare. Democrats warned them, too.Image via screen capture",0
1592, Leading Senator In Trump-Russia Investigation Reveals STARTLING Odds For Trump’s Impeachment,"Ever since Donald Trump won the election (unfairly, with the help of Russia), Americans have been calling for his removal from office. These pleas have only gotten louder as Trump s presidency went on, as the incompetent POTUS repeatedly proves that he cannot do his job properly and is a danger to the country (and world).Now that Trump has passed his first 100 days, the calls for his impeachment couldn t be clearer. He s proven that he can t get anything done and wants to play golf instead. He s involved in numerous probes regarding his Russia scandal and business conflicts. Amid the controversies and a historically low approval rating, even GOP lawmakers are abandoning Trump at record speed   and many are calling for impeachment or for invoking the 25th Amendment, which allows presidents who are mentally unfit to be replaced. Some lawmakers have even said Trump isn t going to finish his first term.Stephen Moore, a senior economist at the Heritage Foundation and Trump campaign adviser, commented on Trump s plummeting approval rating in an interview with the New Yorker: You can t govern this country with a forty-per-cent approval rate   you just can t. Nobody in either party is going to bend over backwards for Trump if over half the country doesn t approve of him. That, to me, should be a big warning sign. Jerry Taylor, president of the libertarian Niskanen Center, also weighed in on why Trump s presidency is failing so quickly: The reality is, he is governing as if he is the president of a Third World country. Power is held by family and incompetent loyalists whose main calling card is the fact that Donald Trump can trust them, not whether they have any expertise. My guess is that there s only between 50 and 100 Republican members of the House that are truly enthusiastic about Donald Trump as president. The balance sees him as somewhere between a deep and dangerous embarrassment and a threat to the Constitution. Sen. Mark Warner (D-VA), the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, has even predicted Trump s odds for impeachment as a striking 2-1.Professor of constitutional law at Harvard Law School Laurence Tribe said that it s entirely possible that we will invoke the 25th Amendment  well before 2020 , and that it s not a  liberal fantasy  but instead can be  an entirely plausible tool    especially in Trump s case. At this point, getting Trump impeached would be a blessing.Featured image via Scott Olson / Getty Images",0
1593, ‘Cases Upon Cases Of Beer’: GOP Organizes Booze Party To Celebrate Stripping 24 Million Of Insurance,"Republicans haven t read their own bill, aren t waiting around to see it independently scored, and seem to have only a limited interest in what the devastating effects may be, but they do know one thing: After they vote to strip an estimated 24 million people of health insurance and bankrupt countless more they plan to get hammered.Paul Ryan once inexplicably boasted that he d been fantasizing about killing Medicaid since he was  drinking at a keg  in college. Now on the verge of destroying America s healthcare system more completely than Fratboy Ryan ever dared dream, he seems to be channeling that same impulse. Although going on a booze bender hours after signing the literal death warrants for many Americans tends to look pretty bad, which is why Republicans tried to hide the beers under a sheet. It didn t work.Cases upon cases of beer just rolled into the Capitol on a cart covered in a sheet. Spotted Bud Light peeking out from the sheet  Alexandra Jaffe (@ajjaffe) May 4, 2017Even Roman Emperor Nero had enough sense not to be seen pounding Bud Light while the city burned.Speaking of historically bad world leaders, the White House is said to be hosting a party for Republicans to celebrate tonight:Beer being rolled into the Capitol   & @LACaldwellDC reports that Republicans will also head to White House for a congratulatory celebration https://t.co/cAC3r5eVdJ  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) May 4, 2017Other Republicans were in an equally celebratory mood   and equally tasteless. While congressional aides trickled into the Capitol building, someone started blasting the theme from  Rocky.  (The fact that Rocky actually doesn t win the fight at the end of the movie was lost on the Republicans in the room. Handshakes, smiles, and high fives were going around.)The celebratory way in which Republicans are treating this bill is in stark contrast to reality. The AHCA will almost surely mean millions lose health insurance. Those Americans with so-called  pre-existing conditions  can expect to either completely lose their coverage or find it so expensive that they may have no choice but to go without. A brand new study found that the ACA cut personal bankruptcies in the United States by half   that progress will be erased.Politically, the bill, likely represents suicide for many Republicans. As statistician Nate Silver pointed out, Obamacare was divisive and unpopular when it first passed, but this bill is really, really unpopular   orders of magnitude more so than the ACA. And unlike the ACA, the Republican plan doesn t have the benefit of actually working once it s passed. People won t even be able to  grow to like it  because   as the CBO score on the initial bill found   the legislation is a dumpster fire.All of this to say: Drink up, Republicans! Something tells me your hangover is going to last a while.Featured image via Eric Thayer/Getty Images",0
1594,"
WATCH: Democratic Rep Delivers Scathing Rebuke Of Trumpcare Bill To Thunderous Applause On House Floor
","Massachusetts Rep. Jim McGovern brought the House down with a scathing rebuke of the pathetic Republican healthcare bill on Tuesday.He began by pointing out that the bill destroys all of the good things that the Affordable Care Act provides, such as covering preexisting conditions and allowing kids to stay on their parents  insurance until the age of 26.McGovern conceded that the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, is not perfect. It has some issues that can be fixed, and Democrats have repeatedly offered to work with Republicans to fix the problems and cover more people while also bringing down costs.But as McGovern noted, Republicans are only obsessed with repealing the law. They have no interest in fixing the minor problems, many of which they created themselves by chipping away at the law over the years.So far, the Republican bill touted by Trump has failed several times in the House because even many Republicans are concerned about the fact that repealing the Affordable Care Act would strip healthcare away from millions of Americans, including their own constituents.For months, Republicans have been torn a new one by their constituents at town halls over their effort to repeal what has become a very popular law. It is even more popular than Donald Trump now.In their continued effort to sell the bill to the American people, Trump and House Republicans have been insisting that it covers pre-existing conditions. But that is a complete lie.Nowhere in the Trumpcare bill will you find a passage making it clear that people with pre-existing conditions won t lose their insurance. It s just not there.McGovern called out Republicans for this lie on the House floor. To claim or to imply that the Republican plan covers people with preexisting conditions, it is a lie,  McGovern declared. It is a lie. And let s be honest about it. This does not cover people with preexisting conditions. And to come on the floor and say it does, to try to fool people, well, you may get away with it in the short term, you may get a headline but I tell you people will figure out soon enough when they are denied health care coverage. Furthermore, Republicans refuse to get a CBO score for the bill before holding a vote because they know it will get a failing grade.For one thing, the bill would be a massive tax cut for the wealthy at the expense of the millions of Americans who finally got healthcare coverage through the Medicaid expansion.McGovern shamed Republicans for this. You should be ashamed,  McGovern said.  To have a health care bill that cuts Medicaid by $880 billion so you can give a tax cut to the wealthiest people in this country, you should be ashamed. He then called upon Republicans to vote against the bill or pull it entirely and received a standing ovation.Here s the video via YouTube.If Trump and Republicans have their way, millions of Americans will suffer so that wealthy assholes can get even richer. That s outrageous.But even more outrageous is the fact that while the American people will lose the benefits of the Affordable Care Act, Republicans have exempted themselves from losing the same benefits the law provides.That s right. Republicans are literally making sure that they get to keep their Obamacare. That makes them heartless and selfish as well as hypocrites. They should not only be ashamed, they should be booted out of office.Featured image screenshot",0
1595, Bombshell Reports Confirm What We Already Believed About MSNBC’s Joe And Mika (DETAILS),"For the last ten years, Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski have been co-hosts on MSNBC s Morning Joe. They have often seemed a little too chummy, and it has long been speculated that the two were an item. However, both were also married to other people. Scarborough got divorced from his wife in 2013, and Brzezinki was officially free in 2016. To that end, it seems that now that we are in 2017, a respectable enough amount of time has passed to where they can go ahead and confirm the public s belief that they were more than co-hosts.It is now being reported that the two are not only an item, but are actually engaged to be married. This comes after a bizarre round of  congratulations  on the Thursday edition of the show. Of course, the duo s guests said the congratulatory sentiments were about  ratings,  but now we know that it was about upcoming nuptials. The news comes courtesy of the New York Post s Emily Smith, who writes: We re told Scarborough, 54, got down on one knee and proposed at the scenic Bar Bellini at the Hotel du Cap-Eden-Roc in Antibes, which has a breathtaking moonlit outdoor terrace overlooking the Mediterranean Sea. Now, think what you want of Mika and Joe   I personally have mixed feelings and a bit of a love/hate relationship with Morning Joe   but at least they are finally being honest with the public and their fans. It could be just a bit scandalous, because if they are engaged so soon after Mika s divorce, obviously there was an affair happening while either one or both of them were still married.Of course, these days scandalous affairs are pretty routine for celebrities, though they are supposedly news people   or, at the very least, pundits   so who knows how the network will handle it.There have been no public statements on the announcement from Joe, Mika, or MSNBC as of this writing.Featured image via Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images",0
1596, People Can Stop Giving Obama S*it About His Speaking Fee; Here’s What He’s Doing With It,"Our White House is currently occupied by someone who s likely certifiably insane, yet for many on both the right and the left, the real travesty is that Trump s predecessor is *gasp* earning a lot of money in speaking fees, just like just about every white male former president in the last 40 years.The news that former President Barack Obama will reportedly accept $400,000 to give a speech to Wall Street investment bank Cantor Fitzgerald has inspired a strange paroxysm of rage from writers on the center-left.  Obama s $400,000 Wall Street speaking fee will undermine everything he believes in,  Vox s Matt Yglesias proclaimed. Obama and Bill Clinton biographer David Maraniss said the 44th president  does not need the money and should not accept it.  Others noted the unseemliness of the fee at a time of income inequality and seemingly rampant populism, especially since Barack and Michelle Obama have already struck insanely lucrative book deals.Even Elizabeth Warren was  troubled  by Obama s speaking fees. Bernie Sanders called the fees  distasteful. Well, everyone can relax now. On Wednesday it was announced that the Obamas would be giving that amount and far more to help youth in Obama s adopted hometown of Chicago. One of the things that we ll be starting this year is Michelle and I are personally going to donate $2 million to our summer jobs programs here in the community,  he said at the South Shore Cultural Center.  [It s] so that right away young people can get to work and we can start providing opportunities to all of them. Obama is expected to use the center as he focuses on issues such as criminal justice reform and education for underprivileged children now that he has left office. Social media was quick to notice that the Obamas are literally donating five times what he will earn for that one speaking fee.THIS is President Obama. Compassion & class. FIVE times his speaking fee. The @GOP can now shut the hell up. #ObamaFoundation #DemValues ?? https://t.co/IfQH7zvV08  Fight Back America (@RonIsrael) May 3, 2017Will all the commentators who condemned Obama for his $400,000 speaking fee commend him for his $2,000,000 charity donation today? Crickets.  eli friedmann (@eligit) May 3, 2017@bravenak @edfischman @JessikaJayne @Endoracrat @tinalc1958 @KikiAdine @webgenie01 @Wharfrat2004 @MonicaChilton @imwithher61 @Quietness_Trust @HerbertjeJames @Fangirl31 @Toncuz @SadCondiment @edisn @total_janarchy @adirado29 @dcpetterson @pollyollydoodle @RoseRoselaurie @JustAGurLnSwedn @Zebop @Deemoney521 @IngridBush @Wilkey43 @alaskawater @EmilyEggbert @Eviljohna @Playfulimp @jamescoleman07 @JohnSmithChgo @ShirlsAdams @goodtroubleme @abracadabraNY @livemusic4me @jmichaelkell @RBReich @PolitikMasFina Bernie has the audacity to attack Obama over his speaking fee? When has Bernie ever given to charity? pic.twitter.com/j7FWPkBkSc  Impeach tRump  (@vicsepulveda) May 3, 2017Obama just donated $2 million to a summer jobs program so I don t want to hear shit about his $450,000 speaking fee.  ?liberal bitch? (@ALiberalLady) May 3, 2017Of course, there s also the fact that President Obama is retired. He can spend the rest of his days Twitter trolling Donald Trump and passing out Kenyan flags and it would be perfectly within his rights. But that s not who Obama is. As this proves, he still has his principles and he s still managing to kick everyone s ass in his game of three-dimensional chess.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images.",0
1597, Ben Carson: Homeless Shelters Shouldn’t Be “Comfortable” Because People Might “Stay”,"If you didn t know that Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson was once a neurosurgeon, you would never believe he had any hint of intelligence just from the idiotic things he says.Today, Ben Carson was quoted in a New York Times interview painting an extremely solemn picture of what public housing will look like under the Trump administration. As Carson has said several ridiculous things during his own failed presidential campaign and while he was helping with Trump s campaign, this should hardly be surprising   but it will still infuriate you.Carson defended disabled and elderly people who might need public housing, and said we can t expect to do a great deal to take care of themselves.  But when it came to others who did not fall into those two categories but still needed public housing, Carson had something else to say. He said: There is another group of people who are able-bodied individuals, and I think we do those people a great disservice when we simply maintain them. The Times reported:Compassion, Mr. Carson explained in an interview, means not giving people  a comfortable setting that would make somebody want to say:  I ll just stay here. They will take care of me. It s safe to say that most of us have been taught a VERY different meaning of the word  compassion , and Carson s definition clearly does not fit. Carson has been traveling all over the United States to get a scope of public housing in places like Detroit and Miami. While he was in Ohio, Carson visited a facility for drug abusers and reportedly said: We are talking about incentivizing those who help themselves. Carson s attitude toward public housing is disgraceful, and ABC s Sunny Hostin was right to slam him immediately:Featured image via Joe Raedle / Getty Images",0
1598, Sh*t Just Got Real: FBI Looking Into Whether Agents Leaked Info To Giuliani During Campaign,"FBI Director James Comey said during a Senate Judiciary Committee oversight hearing that he was looking into whether agents at the bureau leaked sensitive information to reporters or public figures, including close Trump ally Rudy Giuliani, during the 2016 presidential election.The highly anticipated hearing was revealing.During a Senate Judiciary Committee oversight hearing, Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT) asked about former FBI official Jim Kallstrom s and Giuliani s claims that they had inside information about the bureau s probe into Hillary Clinton s use of a private email server. Now either they re lying or there is a serious problem within the bureau,  Leahy said.  Did anybody in the FBI during this 2016 campaign have contact with Rudy Giuliani about the Clinton investigation? I don t know yet, but if I find out that people were leaking information about our investigations whether to reporters or private parties, there will be severe consequences,  Comey said.Comey went on to say that he was  very, very interested  in getting to the bottom of the matter and that once the FBI did so, he would inform the committee.Last October, the former New York City mayor and Trump adviser, hinted at the FBI s reopening of its email investigation into Clinton during an appearance on Fox & Friends October 25. People speculated that Giuliani appeared to have an inside contact with the agency who was giving him information.Giuliani said the Trump campaign had  a couple of surprises left , and said that further  revelations  were coming.The very next day Giuliani told Fox s Martha MacCallum that there was  a surprise or two that you re going to hear about in the next two days.  The former mayor and Trump surrogate also claimed to be in contact with numerous FBI officials, then later, he backpedaled that remark, saying that his sources were all former agents.However, during multiple cable news interviews before the election, Giuliani bragged that former agents had clued him into the  revolution coming on in the FBI  in regards to how the probe into Clinton s email server was handled.During the hearing, Comey also slammed Wikileaks as  intelligence porn.  The FBI director went on to call Russia  the greatest threat of any nation on earth, given their intention and capability,  to U.S. political systems.By the way, has anyone seen Rudy Giuliani lately? He has suddenly disappeared from cable news. Weird, huh? It s almost as if he knows a storm is coming.Next week it will be Sally Yates O Clock and she will testify about Michael Flynn.This is what we call karma and it s spelled,  ha ha ha ha ha ha haaa! Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images.",0
1599, Trump Just Ridiculously Claimed Palestine And Israel ‘Get Along Unbelievably Well’ And Got ROASTED (VIDEO),"According to Donald Trump, Israel and Palestine get along just swell. Sure, Benjamin Netanyahu is a genocidal monster who makes Civil War hero Andrew Jackson seem like a swell guy and Israel has been oppressing the Palestinian people for seemingly forever at this point, but The Donald thinks things are just fine over there.During a press conference with State of Palestine President Mahmoud Abbas, Trump praised the Palestinian National Authority for working so well with Israel   a country whose army regularly slaughters Palestinian children. I also applaud the Palestinian Authority s continued cooperation with Israel,  Trump said.  They get along unbelievably well  They work together beautifully. Naturally, people who don t say MAGAMAGAMAGA repeatedly didn t quite get the memo that it s all sunshine and kittens over there:@JoeMyGod That s it. It s official: he s batshit crazy.  Eric DeBlackmere (@AstronomerEric) May 3, 2017@JoeMyGod I keep telling myself it is too early to drink. It s too early to drink.  His Dudeness (@ZJudkins) May 3, 2017@JoeMyGod Yeah, because Palestinians just love oppression, apartheid and their land being stolen. Smh.  Jahn (@BDS_Girl) May 3, 2017@NBCPolitics And Jackson is is was a great leader during war between States.  tom baker (@tomsfrontporch) May 3, 2017Trump seems to be experiencing a psychotic break, he s not living in reality. Trump: Israel & Palestinians  work together beautifully  Captain Truth (@TruthTeamOne) May 3, 2017Ultimately, though, Trump says Palestine is at fault for any strife with what is basically the equivalent of a noisy neighbor who sets up a target range in your backyard and uses your children as the targets, noting there can be  no lasting peace  until all Palestinian leaders speak out against hatred.Trump said nothing of Israeli leaders like former deputy speaker of the country s parliament, who cam under fire in recent years for calling for actual concentration camps. In a 2014 Facebook post, Feiglin said that Palestinians should be  concentrated  in  tent encampments  and the  formerly populated areas  to be  shelled with maximum fire power.  Any  nests of resistance  would then be  exterminated  in the  event that any should remain. Any civilians who are later allowed to stay in the area  will be required to publicly sign a declaration of loyalty to Israel, and receive a blue ID card similar to that of the Arabs of East Jerusalem. And, of course, similar to the special little badges Adolf Hitler made Jews wear. With leadership like this, how can the Palestinians not want to cozy up to Israel, right? Right?Watch Trump show he has no idea what the f*ck he s talking about below:Featured image via screengrab",0
1600, Comey Just Laid Out The Two Reasons Putin Supported Trump Over Clinton And Both Are Damning (VIDEO),"Today, FBI Director James Comey sat down with Congress to talk on a wide range of scandals plaguing the Trump administration. It was Part One of a two part series of testimonies likely to destroy Trump s chances of ever pretending Russia didn t help him get elected or that he didn t know the people he staffed in the White House were rife with conflicts of interests. (Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates is up next, and it promises to be a doozy!)Comey started off by emphatically stating (again) that the intelligence community has clear evidence linking Russia   and Russia specifically   to interference with the election. Calling Russia the single biggest threat to American democracy, he didn t mince words. He also denied Trump s latest frantic attempt to cast doubt by debunking the White House s claim that it was probably China. Comey stood by the intelligence community s conclusions: This was Russia.But Comey s most powerful moment came when he was asked by Sen. Al Franken to explain why Russia wanted Trump over Hillary Clinton in the first place. What was the point? He wasn t Hillary Clinton, who Putin hated and wanted to harm in any possible way,  Comey says on why Russia had a preference for Trump pic.twitter.com/xYCQoTJhnG  CBS News (@CBSNews) May 3, 2017The point, according to Comey, was two-fold. By every shred of information the intel community has, it s clear that Russia s autocratic ruler Vladimir Putin despises Hillary Clinton. He s had a beef with her stretching back to her time as Secretary of State where she routinely stood up to his plans of expansion. He also blamed her State Department for stirring up Democratic protests against him by the Russian youth fed up with Putin s iron-grip on their country. (Like Trump, Putin often blames legitimate protests against his rule as caused by outside agitators.) In short, according to Comey, Putin wanted vengeance against Clinton for being tough on him and Trump was the way to do it.It also ties into Comey s second conclusion: Russia figured Trump, ignorant as he is, would be much easier to pull one over on. Comey put it slightly more generously: Putin believed he would be more able to make deals, reach agreements with someone with a business background than someone who had grown up in more of a government environment. Putin wasn t wrong. Before the election was even over, his campaign was secretly promising Putin that they would ease up on sanctions. Trump would later appoint Rex Tillerson, a man with very close ties to Russian oil companies and Putin himself, to Secretary of State. Russia got nearly everything they wanted on November 8th, 2016.None of this is good news for Trump. Having lost the popular vote by millions, Trump also has the distinction of being the least popular new president in history. He has a credibility problem. Comey s testimony only makes it clear that his illegitimacy problem extends internationally. Whether he coordinated with Russia intentionally or whether he was a useful stooge for Putin to exploit, remains to be seen. What is clear is that the FBI has every reason to believe Russia was celebrating Trump s win as hard as any  Make America Great Again  Trump voter.And Sally Yates has the second in the one-two punch coming next week.Featured image via CBS",0
1601, Melania Just Liked A Tweet That Shows Just How Much She Hates Her Husband (DETAILS),"There has long been speculation that Melania Trump cannot stand her husband. After all, Donald Trump is a bloviating, compulsive bully. If he bullies the rest of the world, chances are he does the same to his wife. What s to stop him? He likely controls her money and her access to her son. If she tried to speak out against him or leave him, she d lose both. Hell, he might even be able to get her deported.There s plenty of evidence out there that Melania is terrified of The Donald, but it seems she may be getting bolder. There is, thus far, absolutely no sign that she and her son, Barron, are planning to move to the White House. The only time we see them is at a few photo-ops, and when the family travels to Mar-a-Lago. She never says a word to the press, and has not executed any of the usual duties of a First Lady. Therefore, it should come as no surprise that Melania s official Twitter account liked a tweet that mocks Trump s border wall plan, saying that the only wall he s been able to build is between himself and his wife. Here is a screenshot of that particular like, in case someone pulls it down:Now, this is a pretty bold move for Melania, and kudos to her or whoever had the guts to do it. As much as Trump is on Twitter, it s likely he d see it, especially as it gets spread around the interwebs. Hopefully, he s too busy attacking political opponents, the free press, and anyone else who dares to criticize him to attack his own wife. Then again, knowing Trump, he won t be able to restrain himself.Melania, I hope you ve got good security after this one. But thanks for confirming what we already knew: You hate that man as much as we do.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1602, Heartless Former GOP Lawmaker Had The Most DESPICABLE Response To Jimmy Kimmel’s Emotional Healthcare Plea,"Former GOP Congressman Joe Walsh (R-Ill) has always been an asshole. His Twitter feed is full of damn near sociopathic rants, and he regularly appears on television saying the same sorts of things. He was kicked off his own radio show for racist slurs, is a well-known deadbeat dad, and even rewrote Martin Luther King Jr s famous  I Have a Dream  speech into one of his infamous racist rants. However, what this guy did this time really takes the cake.By now, we ve all heard late night host Jimmy Kimmel s emotional story about his newborn son s congenital heart defect. Anyone with even a sliver of a heart was moved by that. But not Joe Walsh. Instead, Walsh decided to mock Kimmel, tweeting out:Sorry Jimmy Kimmel: your sad story doesn't obligate me or anybody else to pay for somebody else's health care.  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) May 2, 2017This man is absolutely despicable. In his world, newborns with heart defects should just be made to die? Does he know that time is of the essence in such situations, and the LAST thing those parents should have to worry about is whether or not some corporate bureaucrats will deem their kid s life worth saving, whether or not it hurts their bottom line too much?This is what conservatism is, folks. It s people like Joe Walsh who really don t care about anyone but themselves. It s those who d let people die all because of selfishness. If this single tweet doesn t tell you that the GOP is heartless, I don t know what will.Featured image via video screen capture",0
1603, Something Weird Is Happening With Jared Kushner’s Hair,"Jared Kushner is an Orthodox Jew working in a White House surrounded by neo-Nazis, but he s also the son-in-law of Donald Trump, so principles be damned. Now, Kushner is normally a reasonably handsome man, if you like the boyish white collar criminal type, but lately it seems, he s been channeling some of his father-in-law s worst qualities, including (bizarrely) his hair, which he s been wearing in that famous Trump combover/swirl/whatever the hell that thing is.I think we re in big trouble now. For some reason, Jared Kushner has started styling his hair like Donald Trump.? pic.twitter.com/mvHoPGN9ps  Mike Sington (@MikeSington) April 28, 2017Jared and the kids bring treats out to the Secret Service https://t.co/TmTsUnQXZi pic.twitter.com/kvNh9V13OF  Daily Mail US (@DailyMail) April 28, 2017Twitter, obviously, has their theories.@SqueegeeSink @MikeSington Ivanka wants him to look like her dad? Yeah I went there.  A (@amatorah) April 29, 2017@MikeSington Ivanka wants him to role play daddy  NQCowboy (@nqcowboy68) April 29, 2017@MikeSington @annanotherthng I had a terrifying thought. What if Ivanka chose the style, because the weird fascination and inappropriate relationship is a 2 way street?! pic.twitter.com/Hq7YPGntRi  Loryn Kilpatrick (@Lo_K_87) April 30, 2017Ick.@MikeSington Well, he s in charge of everything I m sure his hair is falling out and a weird combover is necessary. Sad  Sheila H Garland ? (@SheilaGinHB) April 29, 2017@MikeSington @gillyarcht The right-posterior oblique partline, combined with an anterior pushthrough, is classic emerging authoritarian. pic.twitter.com/D5VWw0nuGU  Alan (@GammaCounter) April 29, 2017@MikeSington I ve heard of being  groomed  to take over, but this is ridiculous.  Monica A. (@StillSheResists) April 29, 2017Some see something a bit more calculated.@MikeSington Mimic the narcissist. That is how you rise in power. That is how you stay in power. Trump will notice & limp ego will get momentary rise.  SnohoMo (@SnohoMo) April 29, 2017It s entirely possible that Kushner chose this new look to impress his father-in-law, although he was made the de facto president with his old hair, so he had clearly already made the right impression.More likely, this hairdo was Trump s doing. Despite the fact that Trump is a one man What Not to Wear (ties too long, suits too big and that hair!), #45 is obsessed with what everyone around him wears. Kushner s monstrosity reportedly came courtesy of Trump s  stylist  which is located across the street from Trump s New York residence. It s not tough to imagine him telling Kushner to get  the Trump. On a subconscious level, though, this hair style speaks to more than just trying to suck up to the boss. It s about a full makeover, which with Kushner, includes his principles.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1604, Madeleine Albright: Trump Needs To Stay The F*ck Away From Kim Jong Un (VIDEO),"Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright weighed in on Donald Trump s remarks about what a brilliant leader he thinks Kim Jong Un is, including his comment that he would be ever so  honored  to meet with him. Her take on the situation is that Trump needs to stay the hell away from the North Korean dictator. Far, far away. A president doesn t go to a country without any preparation, and  honored  would definitely be the wrong way to discuss somebody who is keeping his people in poverty and starving and control,  Albright told CNN s Jake Tapper on Tuesday.Trump has repeatedly gushed about how much he loves various autocrats from around the world and recently he has been singing the praises of Kim Jong Un. On Sunday, he said on CBS  Face The Nation that the murderous leader was a  smart cookie,  you know, for killing off family members to stay in power and other fun stuff like that. Then, on Monday, Trump told Bloomberg that he would be  honored  to meet with Kim Jong Un if the  circumstances  happened to be right.Albright slammed Trump for kissing up to dictators, especially the likes of Kim Jong Un. I think that part of the issue is that President Trump seems to believe that he can have just one-on-one relationships. And maybe that s possible in business, but that is not something that is possible as president of the United States,  she said.  This is not a matter of charming, by saying you re  honored  and he s a  smart cookie.' The former secretary of state has spoken out against Trump and his piss poor excuse for foreign policy from the very beginning of his candidacy. Tuesday s comments come amid rising tensions between the U.S. and North Korea over Pyongyang s weapons program.You can watch Albright s entire interview here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1605, Sean Spicer HILARIOUSLY Branded As Chickensh*t After He Bolts From Briefing (TWEETS) (VIDEO),"Oh, Mr. Spicey. Our favorite press secretary because we love to hate him. His gymnastics around Donald Trump s antics and gaffes (along with his own) are already the stuff of legend, and not in a good way. It makes his relationship with the press acrimonious, and he may well have just about had it with that. Today, he turned chickenshit, tucked his tail between his legs, and ran away from his own press briefing, leaving the White House Press Corps absolutely stunned.Cries of,  Sean! Hey Sean! Seeeeeean! Ah come on, Sean! He walked away!  are among just a few of the loud and disappointed protests coming from a press corps that undoubtedly had a squillion uncomfortable questions for him.Watch below:.@PressSec literally fled press questions today pic.twitter.com/S9uIapiBn4  American Bridge (@American_Bridge) May 2, 2017Near the end of the video, you can hear someone say,  Really?  Yes, really, apparently. And people on Twitter are going at Spicey for being a coward with gleeful abandon:@American_Bridge @PressSec Live feed on sean spicer running out the WH.. pic.twitter.com/wt4J2Q45WE  diane1261 (@diane1261) May 2, 2017@American_Bridge @PressSec pic.twitter.com/pqz03w8WhL  Jas (@barteej) May 2, 2017@American_Bridge @glasgowdick @PressSec @PressSec  Quick, the press are here. Run! Hide!  pic.twitter.com/y2Jib6YrZB  Sean Callaghan (@keanespirit) May 2, 2017@American_Bridge @PressSec Moments before: pic.twitter.com/U2XzJwewlF  Judge Steve Reinhold (@Galileo908) May 2, 2017@American_Bridge @wycam1 @PressSec Maybe Spicey had to GO POTTY ??? pic.twitter.com/KeSHWDnYsM  NY Justice Seeker (@NYJusticeSeeker) May 2, 2017Just in, footage of Sean Spicer at today s presser  pic.twitter.com/BNVX2m9CmA  Tynisa Walker (@Kalarigamerchic) May 2, 2017@American_Bridge @PressSec pic.twitter.com/lClJnDpGBt  L M J (@ViewFrom14thFlr) May 2, 2017@American_Bridge @PressSec Damn Sean. At least do it with a little style. pic.twitter.com/YTB8hEt05Z  Bob Parker (@BobusParkorum) May 2, 2017@American_Bridge @Marengel4 @PressSec I wouldn t put it pass you @seanspicer smh  pic.twitter.com/6K8jCnqKgl   R?G  (@lastbreath8) May 2, 2017@American_Bridge @PressSec pic.twitter.com/6DMtkNi0W9  Allbizness (@TerniValentine) May 2, 2017@American_Bridge @PressSec A coward dies a thousand deaths  pic.twitter.com/X0hCvrpzkn  Erin Larkin Foster (@larkster_Erin) May 2, 2017Live look at Sean Spicer ghosting the WH press pic.twitter.com/W9vmc2Ef4g  Andi Zeisler (@andizeisler) May 2, 2017@JakeTurx The childish nature of this Administration never ceases to amaze me. I honestly wish they would stop. pic.twitter.com/Z7uCwa8aaJ  ACTIndivisible (@ACTIndivisible) May 2, 2017Scaredy Spice @PressSec is too much of a coward to face the free press reps in White House press briefing! @maddow #Spicer #100DaysOfShame pic.twitter.com/xNTmw4xYeQ  Daniel Quinn (@MightyQuinnUSA) May 2, 2017Actual pics of Sean Spicer fleeing the press briefing today pic.twitter.com/NnogAnWC5w  Prubjot Kaur (@prubjotkaur) May 2, 2017Sean Spicer fleeing the WH press corps like pic.twitter.com/S1jns97dfN  Jenn Lerner (@JenniferLerner1) May 2, 2017Poor @seanspicer he s such a huge pussy that @realDonaldTrump is going to be grabbing him all day long. https://t.co/pJ9Ej1TMw1  Pretty Hat Machine? (@PrettyHatMech) May 2, 2017What s the rush? Sean Spicer leaves WH press briefing without fielding questions  https://t.co/U1rd4B6cZ2  All American Girl (@AIIAmericanGirI) May 2, 2017Sean Spicer leaving that press conference was not shocking to me. That looks me putting my kids to bed everynight pic.twitter.com/BHwAJhOYGw  Lulu Chatter (@LuluChatter1) May 2, 2017Sean Spicer leaves White House briefing without taking questions from the press Where s Spicer? pic.twitter.com/afi8EMgIqf  Mangoman (@69mangoman) May 2, 2017Actual footage of Sean Spicer at today s press briefing. pic.twitter.com/2xHZdKhTkm        (@slickvandal) May 2, 2017Some of the media are unhappy with this development, too, and really not afraid to say so. Mother Jones called it  the soundtrack for a presidency.  The Hill said that Spicer  stunned reporters. Market Watch noted that the press was left  volleying questions toward an empty podium: Sean? Sean? Hey, Sean, come on! What about the Putin call, Sean?  The caption under their photo reads,  It just like concluded. The Root had its own take: Perhaps Spicer needed some time to compose the  alternative facts  he knew he d have to present after Salmon-Skin Stalin said Tuesday that the new budget has enough money for a down payment on the wall, and Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), the Senate Appropriations Committee s ranking Democratic member, responded on Twitter with,  To be clear, there is NO funding in this bill for ANY kind of down payment on construction of a new border wall. Or, maybe Spicer was nervous about responding to Trump s tweets from earlier Tuesday insisting that the government needed a  good shutdown.' While some blindly loyal Trump supporters are saying that he just owned the press, unfortunately for their narrative and for Spicey here, answering questions he doesn t necessarily like or want to answer is part and parcel of his job. He doesn t get to run away when he doesn t want to talk, or without explaining that his time is getting cut short for something else. Really, Spicer just got owned here.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
1606," Plane Passengers Get Into ALL OUT BRAWL, Then One Of Them Shouts ‘AMERICA!’ (VIDEO)","Yet another altercation has erupted on board an airplane. This time it was on board an ANA flight that looks to be returning from Japan, according to the Twitter timeline of the man who took the video.In the video you can see two men in an all-out brawl, fully fist fighting. As of now, there is no known reason why the fight took place, but the instigator seems to shout  America!  and  You think I m crazy? What about the government! The man who took the video, Corey Hour, described the event in a series of tweets: So, 10 minutes before take off a passenger starts a huge fight in his row. I get in between him and flight attendants, but he won t 1v1 me.  Corey Hour (@CoreyHour) May 1, 2017He yells,  You think I m crazy? What about the government!  Then exits the plane. 1.5 hours later and we finally take off. ? jfc  Corey Hour (@CoreyHour) May 1, 2017For the record ANA staff and passengers handled the situation with grace and respect. They did the best they could to diffuse the situation.  Corey Hour (@CoreyHour) May 2, 2017The video ended when I stepped in & confronted the man in the red shirt. I told him to leave and squared up with him, he backed down n left.  Corey Hour (@CoreyHour) May 2, 2017As of now and after speaking with the other passengers the motive for why he did this is still UNKNOWN. None of us have any idea why at all.  Corey Hour (@CoreyHour) May 2, 2017According to LADbible, who published the video, The man in the shirt was subsequently arrested for assault and public intoxication at the airport in Japan.  Seeing as they re both wearing shirts, they likely meant the guy with the torn shirt who was escorted off the plane.What is happening with people right now, more than usual, that they think violence is the answer to all their problems? Who does this? Grow up, already.Watch the crazy brawl break out here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1607, Trump Mocked For Inventing Fake Civil War Battle On His Golf Course – There’s A Plaque And Everything (TWEETS),"Frederick Douglass and Andrew Jackson will be very disappointed in Donald Trump when they learn he fibbed a teensy bit about a Civil War battle he says happened on one of his golf courses. According to a plaque   yes, a plaque   Trump proudly displays at the  Trump National Golf Club in Virginia, the length of the Potomac River that borders his course is called the River of Blood because both Union and Southern soldiers died en masse between the 14th and 15th holes. The  FAILING  New York Times reported in 2015:Between the 14th hole and the 15th tee of one of the club s two courses, Mr. Trump installed a flagpole on a stone pedestal overlooking the Potomac, to which he affixed a plaque purportedly designating  The River of Blood. Many great American soldiers, both of the North and South, died at this spot,  the inscription reads.  The casualties were so great that the water would turn red and thus became known as  The River of Blood. The inscription, beneath his family crest and above Mr. Trump s full name, concludes:  It is my great honor to have preserved this important section of the Potomac River! The site does have historical significance alongside the Bowling Green Massacre, in that its historical significance is completely made up. No. Uh-uh. No way. Nothing like that ever happened there,  said Richard Gillespie, executive director of the Mosby Heritage Area Association, said of Trump s claim. Gillespie added that the only thing  close to  that was the  Battle of Ball s Bluff in 1861 in which several hundred Union solders were killed. It happened 11 miles upriver, nowhere near the  River of Blood. Called on his lie, Trump attempted to salvage his story by explaining: That was a prime site for river crossings. So, if people are crossing the river, and you happen to be in a civil war, I would say that people were shot   a lot of them. Historians say that literally no one has ever died in that crossing, but Trump complains that someone might have died at some point. How would they know that?  Trump said angrily after learning that historians say his stupid plaque is FAKE NEWS.  Were they there?  Trump says  numerous historians  have confirmed the  River of Blood.  He did not know any of their names. Embarrassingly for Trump, even Golf Digest took the time to debunk the blood river.Sadly, this is not the first mass killing invented by the Trump Administration. With the Bowling Green Massacre, the Atlanta massacre, and that thing that happened in Sweden and now the  River of Blood,  it seems that we may not be able to trust this administration, shockingly. Naturally, the Internet finds this news hilarious:.@GolfDigest Making up a battle named ""The River of Blood"" is creeeeeeeepy. #creepyoldpresidentmakingupbattles very creeeeeeeeeeeepy  Mr.Quagmire (@Mr_Quagmire_USA) May 2, 2017#TrumpTeachesHistory by commemorating a fictional battle, ""The River of Blood,"" yeah well, didn't happen  #TuesdayThoughts https://t.co/GjdtaKi6Os  Atoz ? (@Realityshaken) May 2, 2017@henrietta6 @skeller85 @GolfDigest The hyperbole and bombast of our so-called POTUS   what's next, a Bowling Green plaque? https://t.co/vsHhcRW2NI  Bumblebee (@SaveBeesNow) May 2, 2017@PressSec @POTUS A grammarian's red pencil marking this would make it look like the imaginary River of Blood at Trump National.  Vs. (@JFD8) May 2, 2017The ""river of blood"" was the result of the ""bowling green massacre"" where Andrew Jackson fought Frederick Douglass and won the Civil War. https://t.co/jfT4yjaGF6  limon (@limonpoker) May 2, 2017The River of Blood was the most tragic loss of life on US soil until the Bowling Green Massacre. https://t.co/cFv6ccKbQQ  Apophatos (@Apophatos) May 2, 2017@andylassner @BevVincent @GolfDigest Trump is on the horn to the ministry of truth to write the river of blood into history books. Dissenters are obviously socialist terrorists.  Robert Beyer (@CybeRtBipolar) May 2, 2017@WestWingReport @realDonaldTrump The River of Blood flows from the Bowling Green Massacre; duh. Read up on #AlternateHistory. pic.twitter.com/qQmLKpSxHy  K (@Koslo47) May 2, 2017@andylassner @Fahrenthold @GolfDigest Many people aren't asking the question, but Union AND Confederate forces retreated to the River of Blood after the Bowling Green Massacre.  . (@MARKL1N) May 2, 2017Andrew Jackson and Frederick Douglass could not be reached for comment on their potential involvement in the battles that turned the river red.Featured image via screengrab",0
1608, CNN Refuses To Air Trump’s First 100 Days Ad For One Very Good Reason – See For Yourself (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s self-congratulatory ad to celebrate his first 100 days in the White House is gross enough to make you want to shudder and vomit. It s full of Trump s  accomplishments  (there aren t many) and portray Trump in a light that is clearly not in line with his true character and behavior.If you ve been fortunate enough not to see this ad yet, you can watch it below if you want to ruin your whole day:One network has already rejected the ad and refused to air it. After CNN reviewed the ad, they decided not to accept it because of the way Trump s team portrayed the media as  fake news. And as usual, Trump s team responded in the most childish way. In a statement on Trump s campaign website, titled: Fake News Station Refuses to Run Ad Highlighting the President s First 100 Days , his team wrote this: It is absolutely shameful to see the media blocking the positive message that President Trump is trying to share with the country. It s clear that CNN is trying to silence our voice and censor our free speech because it doesn t fit their narrative,  said Michael Glassner, Executive Director.CNN takes issue with the ad s message calling out the mainstream media for peddling fake news and not reporting on the fact that President Trump is making America great again.CNN has struck back, explaining their decision to keep the ad off of the network until the  fake news  graphic was taken off. Trump s attack on the media is absolutely disgusting, and it s only helped them. It s been proven that Americans trust the mainstream media far more than the President   and this is exactly why. We hope that more networks will follow in CNN s footsteps, because no one should have to look at Trump s lies.Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
1609, Andrew Jackson Biographer: Trump Actually Said He Could Have Prevented The Civil War (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s Andrew Jackson-Civil War debacle just continues to get worse and worse.Yesterday, Trump had a massive history fail during a radio interview, where the moronic POTUS stated that Andrew Jackson   who had died 16 years before the Civil War even started   was angry that the war had not been avoided. Trump also said that Jackson could have stopped the Civil War from happening, lavishing praise upon the slave-owning seventh president. And apparently, Trump also thinks that HE could have stopped the Civil War.Trump s disgusting Civil War comments have prompted Andrew Jackson biographer and historian Jon Meacham, the author of  American Lion: Andrew Jackson in the White House, to speak out and address Trump s comments. According to Meacham, it was White House chief strategist Steve Bannon that made Trump fall in love with Jackson. The historian explained on MSNBC today: I spent an hour, hour and a half with him in May of  16 talking with him about presidents he admired and Jackson never came up. Steve Bannon put this in the conversation after the victory saying this was a Jacksonian moment. It was then that Trump connected himself to Jackson in his usual superficial way. Meacham said: It s a projection of the president s fundamental and enveloping narcissism. And then Meacham dropped this bombshell: He told me a year and a half ago or so, a year ago, that, you know, he thought he could have done a deal to have averted the war. Yes, Trump actually said he could have prevented the war with one of his deals. If it s anything like the  deals  and failed legislation we ve seen so far during his presidency, it s safe to say that Trump would have f*cked that up, too.Meacham also said that being in the White House tends to enhance the  fundamental characteristics  of the serving presidents   which is awful news for America right now. Meacham said: It s very hard, once you re there, to change. Some people do, and that s why we talk about them as great presidents. But most people, once they re in the Oval Office, actually just become more like themselves   and I think in this case that s on a particularly tragic trajectory. We couldn t agree more. You can watch Meacham take on Trump s Civil War comments below:This is must-watch: @jmeacham, who won a Pulitzer Prize for his Andrew Jackson biography, on Trump s  disturbing  Jackson/Civil War comments pic.twitter.com/RsD5uOkuvx  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) May 2, 2017Featured image via Scott Olson / Getty Images",0
1610, WATCH: Colbert HUMILIATES Trump With Scathing Takedown To Avenge Attack On John Dickerson,"When you insult CBS, Stephen Colbert goes on the offensive. And Donald Trump is going to have a mental meltdown when he sees this.On Sunday, CBS host John Dickerson interviewed Donald Trump on Face The Nation.After being asked about his pathetic first 100 days, Trump whined about the  fake  media and then insulted Dickerson by saying that he refers to his show as  Deface The Nation. It s always a challenge like life itself is a challenge,  Trump said.  It s very funny when the fake media goes out   which we call the mainstream media, which sometimes, I must say is you. You mean, me personally?  Dickerson asked. Your show, I love your show,  Trump replied.  I call it  Deface the Nation , but your show is sometimes not exactly correct. Trump s insult went viral and was heavily criticized for being the kind of behavior that is beneath the presidency.But Trump created a bigger problem for himself than he thought because Dickerson s friend Stephen Colbert also works for CBS, and while Dickerson had to exercise professionalism and restraint, Colbert informed Trump that as a comedian he isn t held to same standard. Donald Trump, John Dickerson is a fair-minded journalist and one of the most competent people who will ever walk into your office,  Colbert said.  John Dickerson has way too much dignity to trade insults with the president of the United States to his face. But I, sir, am no John Dickerson. With the gauntlet thrown down, Colbert proceeded to tear Trump apart with a scathing round of insults that will turn Trump into a stuttering mess if he ever sees it. Mr. Trump, your presidency? I love your presidency, I call it  Disgrace the Nation.  Colbert said.  You re not the POTUS, you re the BLOTUS. You re the glutton with a button. You re a regular  Gorge  Washington. You re the presi-dunce. But you re turning into a real prictator. You talk like a sign language gorilla who got hit in the head. You have more people marching against you than cancer. And then Colbert delivered the knockout blow. Sir, the only thing your mouth is good for is being Vladimir Putin s d*ck holster. Absolutely. Sick. Burn.Here s the video via YouTube.Featured Image: Shawn Thew   Pool/Getty Images",0
1611, ‘Grow The F*ck Up!’: Trump Gets Taken To The Woodshed After Calling For A Government Shutdown,"Just yesterday, amateur president Donald Trump made an ass out of himself by failing at history, and today, he s calling for a future government shutdown. Only Trump could f*ck up the past and the future, all in 24-hours. Trump wants to shut down the very government he s leading, which is a thing a real president would try to avoid. Former President Barack Obama made concessions in order to avoid a government shutdown, but the man-baby POTUS is whining on Twitter over the deal which was reached on a $1 trillion-plus bill to fund the government for the final five months of this fiscal year.Even though Republicans control Congress, the Senate and they have installed a Republican  president,  Trump did not get funding for his ineffective border wall, taxpayer dollars will not be spent on a deportation force, the bill includes $295 million for Puerto Rico s Medicaid program and Congress  budget will not defund Planned Parenthood. And that s just the short list.Obviously, this has upset the former reality show star, who previously deemed himself to be a great negotiator.On Twitter, he wrote,  The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We . The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 2, 2017A few minutes later, Trump added,  either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good  shutdown  in September to fix mess! either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good ""shutdown"" in September to fix mess!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 2, 2017So, if he doesn t get his way he wants to change the rules. There s a reason the prospect of a government shutdown is hugely unpopular, so one Twitter user schooled him.@realDonaldTrump You're reckless. Shutting down the government isn't like closing a casino. The last government shutdown cost the economy ~$24B/0.6% GDP.  Joseph Amodeo (@josephamodeo) May 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump  2013 shutdown also resulted in $450K/day in lost revenue from @NatlParkService (Source: NPS and WaPo).  Joseph Amodeo (@josephamodeo) May 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump @NatlParkService  and according to @USTravel, the 2013 shutdown cost $152M/day ($2.4B) in ""lost travel spending"" (Source: U.S. Travel Assoc and WaPo).  Joseph Amodeo (@josephamodeo) May 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump @NatlParkService @USTravel  @realDonaldTrump, if the government does in fact shutdown, it means you didn't do your job. The American ppl cannot afford a shutdown  Joseph Amodeo (@josephamodeo) May 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump @NatlParkService @USTravel  and while we're at it: We cannot afford an increase in gas tax. These consumption taxes disproportionately affect low/middle income ppl.  Joseph Amodeo (@josephamodeo) May 2, 2017It s true that Trump is literally calling for an increase in gas tax. We remember when conservatives blamed Obama for gas price increases when that was not in his control, but now a Republican  president  wants to deliberately raise the price of gas through a tax increase.Twitter users were not amused by Trump s reckless tweet.@realDonaldTrump Wait. You put ""shutdown"" is quotes so according to Sean Spicer, you don't really mean it.  david nuzzy nussbaum (@theNuzzy) May 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump Maybe attempt to be a president for ALL the people and reach across the aisle for a bipartisan agreement like EVERY PRESIDENT BEFORE YOU.  david nuzzy nussbaum (@theNuzzy) May 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump Last week you were blaming democrats for shutting down the government  Jail Donald Trump (@DTrumpExposed) May 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump You sound like a toddler throwing his trucks (we know you like them) out of his playpen because other kids are being mean. Grown the fuck up  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) May 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump Well, now you're at least being consistent with your earlier, positive views on government shutdowns https://t.co/07wlKUr1cS  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) May 2, 2017Trump is more unpopular than any other president during their first 100 days in office. I wonder what he s trying to distract us from this time (cough, cough, Russia).Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1612, Trump Just Claimed Andrew Jackson Had Psychic Powers And The Internet Was Not Kind To Him (TWEETS),"In an interview with Washington Examiner reporter Salena Zito, Donald Trump managed to utter one of the dumbest series of sentences in human history:I mean, had Andrew Jackson been a little later, you wouldn t have had the Civil War. He was a very tough person, but he had a big heart, and he was really angry that he saw what was happening with regard to the Civil War. He said,  There s no reason for this.  People don t realize, you know, the Civil War, you think about it, why?People don t ask that question. But why was there the Civil War? Why could that one not have been worked out?Now, if Trump was an intelligent human being, he might admit he is completely uneducated regarding Andrew Jackson, the Civil War, and pretty much everything else. He would apologize. He would say he was wrong. But Trump? Well, he s a f*cking moron.In what appears to be an effort to convince people he was somehow right when he claimed that Andrew Jackson used the psychic powers bestowed upon him by Satan himself in exchange for that whole Trail of Tears thing Steve Bannon keeps saying we should do again (at least, we can reasonably assume Bannon says that) to foresee  a conflict that occurred 16 years after his death   and he was f*cking pissed about it.President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 2, 2017Andrew Jackson would have, had he actually possessed the magical ability to foresee the future, almost certainly used his powers for evil. Slaves represented the majority of Jackson s income. He owned 150 of them when he died. If Jackson had actually known what was coming, he would have done all he could to ensure a Southern victory   you know, had he not died 16 years before the Civil War began. Trump is correct that our seventh President would have been very  angry  about what he would certainly call the War of Northern Aggression, however had he had a heartbeat.Trump s attempt to smooth things over by claiming that Jackson was a psychic didn t quite go over in the world of Twitterville, with Americans stopping by to collectively ask  What the f*ck is wrong with you? @realDonaldTrump You wish that Andrew Jackson an owner of HUNDREDS of slaves should've just made a deal w the South to allow slavery?! pic.twitter.com/We1qOHLlm8  William LeGate (@williamlegate) May 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump Was he angry because he had 150+ slaves? Just wondering because pragmatically, that s a slave owners view. https://t.co/pUb8z0EwhH  Kevin (@TheKevinDent) May 2, 2017@TheKevinDent @realDonaldTrump Do you have any idea how ridiculous you sound?  Margaret Owens (@Margaret_Chloe_) May 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump He owned slaves, caused the Trail of Tears, and didn t care about human rights. You need to read a history book.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) May 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump What did Andrew Jackson see coming?? He had 150 slaves  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) May 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump You stupid motherfucker.  BenDavid Grabinski (@bdgrabinski) May 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump Andrew Jackson committed genocide. He was a butcher & was a slave owner who believed in the institution.  Al Letson (@Al_Letson) May 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump How was your emergency Civil War history briefing? Did they do it in crayon so would (kind of) understand some of it?  Tommy Campbell (@MrTommyCampbell) May 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump Yes, from his deathbed, the slaveowner had a vision of a war over slavery and was super pissed about it. A++ analysis, as usual!  Jason Bailey (@jasondashbailey) May 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump We have a new contender for the most insane thing you ve ever said, and there s a lot of competition.  Nick Jack Pappas (@Pappiness) May 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump Ha! A slave breeding, slave trading, genocidal, ethnic cleansing, venal, vindictive heart of ashes? No civil war? Jackson? Emancipation? Ha!  James Morrison (@JamesPMorrison) May 2, 2017Look, folks, we hate to break it to you but our President* is an idiot. We should probably demand that Republicans think about their country for a goddamn second and get him out of office while we still have a country to MAGA at all.Featured image via Getty Images (Alex Wong)/screengrab",0
1613, Dan Rather Breaks The Internet With SEARING Rebuke Of Trump’s ‘Andrew Jackson’ Comment,"With Trump in the White House, former CBS Evening News anchor Dan Rather has an awful lot to say, probably because he s been around the political block a couple thousand times, and Trump is a dangerous buffoon, the likes of which we ve never seen. He doesn t comment on everything, and he apparently didn t want to comment on Trump s idea that Andrew Jackson was angry about the Civil War. But he sees something in that absurdity that he felt he needed to point out.According to his Facebook post on the topic, the  sheer craziness of this obsession by Donald Trump with Andrew Jackson and the Civil War is a carnival act unlike anything I have ever seen at the White House. These are the rantings of someone who really should be focused on the job of governing. Should we not conclude that he approaches policy decisions with the same half-baked conspiracies with which he apparently approaches history? Trump, at the very least, has been approaching his presidency with the grand level of ignorance with which he approaches history. He recently told Reuters that he didn t think being the president would be so hard. He also said that nobody knew healthcare could be so complicated.Sure, Trump. The only people who did know are, well, pretty much everyone with the most basic understanding of our current political situation.That isn t all Rather blasted Trump about. He also dropped this truth bomb, with hell of a burn at the end, on Trump: To be President of the United States is to part of the great American story. To not understand that story is to not understand the presidency. Maybe Frederick Douglass can give Mr. Trump some advice. Apparently, he s  an example of somebody who s done an amazing job and is getting recognized more and more. This post was shared nearly 18,000 times in five hours, and garnered 70,000 reactions in that same time. Read it below:Featured image by Kirk Irwin via Getty Images for SiriusXM",0
1614, Sean Spicer: Trump Did Not Say That Thing Everyone Heard Him Say (VIDEO),"White House press secretary Sean Spicer literally denied the meaning of alleged president Donald Trump s words during a briefing on Monday. The former reality show star gave a bizarre interview earlier on Monday on CBS  Face the Nation from the Oval Office in which Trump once again, said that former president Barack Obama illegally tapped his phone lines.  I don t stand by anything,  Trump told John Dickerson.  I just, you can take it the way you want. I think our side s been proven very strongly. And everybody s talking about it. The interview ended abruptly with Trump walking away after being pressed by the reporter to back up his claim. So, Spicer was asked about that crazy-time interview then twisted himself into a pretzel in an attempt to defend his boss. The president said,  I don t stand by anything.  How is the American public supposed to digest that, supposed to trust what the president says when he himself says, of his own comments, I don t by anything,  a pool reporter asked Spicer. I think the point is, he clearly stands by that,  Spicer said.  That s something that s made very clear if you look at the entire back and forth exchange. Even though the exchange is documented on video after being televised, Spicer insisted that what we heard is not what we all heard. It was about wiretapping,  the reporter pressed on when asked to be specific. Spicer said it  was a long back and forth  and added that he  clearly stands by that. So, Trump stands by his  I don t stand by anything  remark as well as his conspiracy-theory based wiretap claim. Watch: You don t have to ask me,  Trump responded to one of Dickerson s attempts to clarify his baseless claim.  Because I have my own opinions. You can have your own opinions. The House and Senate Intelligence committees previously announced that there is no evidence to back up Trump s claim. As for Spicer repeatedly asking for clarification, let s help him out. Trump made baseless and unprecedented attacks on his predecessor and his White House press secretary is defending him. Also, according to Trump and his White House press secretary, the alleged president doesn t  stand by anything.  Still yet, Spicer feigned to know nothing about the interview, repeatedly asking for clarification.Why is it when Trump says something, we need it to be translated? Then Spicer muddles it even more. Remember when we had a President who understood the meaning of words?Image via screen capture. ",0
1615, Ivanka Trump Legally BARRED From Participating In Any Trump Businesses,"The Office of Government Ethics has said that Ivanka Trump must file financial disclosure forms, and that she s barred from participating in anything related to the Trump family s businesses because she s an adviser to her father in the White House. The ethics office was never contacted about her role, revealing yet another area in which the White House is either sorely ignorant or sorely corrupt (most likely both).Senators Elizabeth Warren and Tom Carper asked the ethics office about the rules that Ivanka is supposed to follow. At the time they asked, Ivanka was in the process of getting her government-issued devices and a security clearance, and her lawyer had already said she would stick to the same ethics rules applied to every other government employee.This is what the ethics office told Warren and Carper about the ethics rules applying to her: [T]he primary criminal conflict of interest statue prohibits senior White House appointees and other executive branch employees from participating personally and substantially in particular matters directly and predictably affecting their financial interests. Among other things, this prohibition extends to the financial interests of companies in which they have ownership interests the primary criminal conflict of interest statute prohibits Ms. Trump from participating in particular matters affecting her financial interests, including the financial interests of Trump family businesses and other companies in which she has an ownership interest. That conflict of interest statute also covers her spouse s financial interests, which are imputed to her. So even if her husband, Jared Kushner, didn t have his own White House office, he still couldn t participate in the Trump Organization either.Ivanka s company was granted trademarks in China the same day she had dinner with Chinese President Xi Jinping. The company said that the new trademarks are normal for the business that they do, and she did place her company in a trust and resigned from her position in the Trump Organization to accept her White House role. The Trump Organization, however, has likewise received a number of trademarks in China since Trump took office.She maintains financial control of her own company, though, as well as an interest in Washington s Trump International Hotel, according to The New York Times. These ethics rules apply to financial interests, even for employees and executives who ve formally resigned from their positions in their businesses. And those Chinese trademarks, granted after she took her post in the White House, could violate the ethics rules to which she s bound. Her ability to approve or deny certain deals through her trust may violate those rules as well.Unfortunately, ethics compliance is under the purview of the White House, and the White House is pretty loyal to Donald Trump and has shown zero interest in ensuring ethical compliance. The ethics office doesn t have enforcement power   they just issue guidance. Congressional Democrats now have a powerful case against Ivanka should it come to light that she s violating these rules, though.There s word for this if she doesn t bring herself into full compliance: Corruption.Featured image by Sean Gallup via Getty Images",0
1616," Trump Tries To Launch 2020 Re-election Ad, It IMMEDIATELY Blows Up In His Face (TWEET)","From the moment Trump won the election, he was already bragging about how he was going to run again in 2020, and win.In a move that shows just how delusional Trump truly is, the undeserving POTUS ignored the fact that his approval rating has reached a historic low by launching his first ad for his 2020 bid. And in true Trump fashion, the ad was one big embarrassing fail, as Trump was forced to pull the ad over an obvious violation   it violated the ban that prevents active duty military members in uniform from participating in political stunts.The Washington Post wrote: The initial version of the ad released by the campaign included a shot of Trump shaking hands at his Mar-a-Lago estate with H.R. McMaster, his national security adviser. An updated version dropped the shot of McMaster, who remains an active duty member of the Army, and replaced it with Trump visiting a business. Campaign law expert Larry Noble also pointed this out:It should be noted that Trump pathetically celebrated Inauguration Day by filing for re-election, probably to soothe himself after seeing those tiny crowds. This ad is the perfect embodiment of Trump s sloppy administration   these people have no idea how to run the country, which trickles down to the most simple tasks.From what we ve seen from Trump himself, his White House doesn t really pay attention to detail or do their research first before going all in. Trump s team has had to repeatedly correct themselves, and not even a simple campaign ad can go off without a hitch.Not even halfway through his first term, Trump has already made his bid for re-election a joke and displayed just how incompetent his entire team is. It s no wonder the majority of Americans can t wait until this clown and the rest of his circus are out of the White House.Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
1617," Trump Has CRAZY Meltdown On ‘Face The Nation’, Ends Interview In The Most COWARDLY Way (VIDEO)","Donald Trump and his team are not only some of the most corrupt people we ve ever had infiltrate our government, but they re also some of the most cowardly   and Trump has just set an example to his team that will likely give way to even more spineless behavior.In an interview with CBS s Face The Nation, Trump actually cut the interview short, ending it abruptly by literally fleeing from reporter John Dickerson when Dickerson dared to question Trump about his unfounded claims that former POTUS Barack Obama wiretapped him (Trump has STILL not been able to prove this).Dickerson was speaking to Trump inside the Oval Office when the discussion turned to Trump s relationship with Obama, and Trump made some extremely disrespectful, inflammatory remarks. Trump said he d  had some difficulties  with Obama over  what happened with surveillance.  When Dickerson cornered Trump on why he d called his predecessor  sick  and  bad  in his wiretapping accusations in March, Trump practically had a breakdown from being put on the spot while the cameras rolled. Trump gave this incoherent response: I don t stand by anything. I just, you can take it the way you want. I think our side s been proven very strongly. And everybody s talking about it. And frankly it should be discussed. I think that is a very big surveillance of our citizens. I think it s a very big topic. And it s a topic that should be number one. And we should find out what the hell is going on. Trump only seemed to get more frustrated and edgy as Dickerson tried to get to the bottom of Trump s babbling. Trump said: You don t have to ask me.Because I have my own opinions. You can have your own opinions. Dickerson had tried to hold Trump accountable, and it was just too much for the man baby. Trump suddenly ended the interview by straight up walking AWAY from Dickerson, saying  Okay, that s enough, thank you, thank you very much. You can watch this awkward, highly unpresidential exchange below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
1618," Trump Kills Michelle Obama’s Girl Education Program, Right-Wing ‘Feminist’ Ivanka Silent","Trump has been relentlessly attempting to scrub the government of any program associated with President Obama and an extremely popular program meant to help educated girls and young women around the world has become the latest victim.Characteristically, Trump s administration gave zero defense for cutting the program, just a flat announcement that it was finished. Moving forward, we will not continue to use the  Let Girls Learn  brand or maintain a stand-alone program,  read an email sent to Peace Corps employees this week by the agency s acting director Sheila Crowley.Despite the self-created obstacles, the Peace Corps promised to continue attempting to educate young girls around the world through other means. It doesn t seem likely that they will get much input from Trump, who has not signaled that he cares about girls education one way or the other.One person not involved in this mess is Ivanka Trump   which is weird. Republicans and pundits have spent months insisting that Trump s daughter is a rebel feminist working to push her father and his administration into a more pro-woman direction. The evidence for this take on Ivanka is nonexistent. And Trump s dismantling of a program meant to educate girls seems like a perfect opportunity to put up or shut up. Her big moment to stand up for women and she is dead silent.Ivanka s imaginary check on her father didn t prevent him from going after Michelle Obama s efforts to improve school lunches, either. Obama s initiative was meant to combat America s obesity program and help kids have better access to healthy options while in school. Those reasonable goals were savaged by Republicans who by that time had spent so long hating everything the White House did that they rarely stopped to ask themselves whether the things they were after were bad.Trump inherits that knee-jerk opposition to Obama, but now as president he has the ability to actually act on it. And the one person who might have the influence to stop him proves she s all talk.Feature image via Bill Ingalls/NASA via Getty Images",0
1619, WATCH: Trump Frighteningly Praises North Korean Dictator For Executing People To Stay In Power,"This should concern every single American.In January 2016, Trump was in the middle of trying to secure the Republican nomination when he praised North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Un s deadly strategy of maintaining his power. If you look at North Korea, this guy, he s like a maniac. OK? And you ve got to give him credit. How many young guys   he was like 26 or 25 when his father died   take over these tough generals, and all of a sudden   you know, it s pretty amazing when you think of it. How does he do that? Even though it is a culture, and it s a cultural thing, he goes in, he takes over, he s the boss. It s incredible. He wiped out the uncle, he wiped out this one, that one. This guy doesn t play games, and we can t play games with him. And Trump still admires that strategy more than a year later. Only this time, Trump is in the White House.During his interview with John Dickerson on Sunday, Trump once again expressed his admiration of the North Korean dictator s use of execution to remain in power. People are saying  Is he sane?  I have no idea but he was a young man of 26 or 27 when he took over from his father, when his father died. He s dealing with obviously very tough people. A lot of people, I m sure, tried to take that power away, whether it was his uncle or anybody else. And he was able to do it, so obviously, he s a pretty smart cookie. Here s the video via CBS.This should scare Americans, especially since it appears Trump is employing other strategies that tyrants use to consolidate power.So far, Trump has used threats, intimidation, hate, and fear as tools to expand and consolidate his own power. He has attacked the media and the First Amendment. He is so paranoid that he even conducts witch hunts throughout his administration to find and fire people who leak information to the media. Anyone who criticizes him also gets fired, as one of Ben Carson s aides found out in February.And Kim Jong-Un isn t the first dictator Trump has praised. He praised Philippine leader Rodrigo Duterte last year and has invited him to visit the White House. Trump has openly praised Vladimir Putin. And he shook hands with Egyptian dictator Abdel Fattah al-Sisi.A president taking the step of executing people may sound like an impossibility. But Trump exhibits most of the traits of being a fascist. He has already flouted the laws of our country and ignored the Constitution. Republicans in Congress have demonstrated that they really don t care how Trump uses his power, which means he can abuse it. And he has already done so repeatedly. Trump colluded with Russia to steal the election and he has openly accused a former sitting president of a felony. And that s on top of a mountain of lies that Trump has been telling since his inauguration. Trump has also urged his followers to beat up protesters and has made it clear that he considers Americans who oppose him as the enemy.Trump s praise of Kim Jong-Un s use of executions should make Americans scream even louder for his impeachment or resignation. There s a pattern here and Americans need to recognize it because we are only 100 days into a four-year term, and it could only be a matter of time before Trump takes his desire to be a dictator to the next level.Featured image via Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1620," Trump Freaks Out, Ends Interview When Reporter Asks Him To Prove Obama Wiretap Accusation (VIDEO)","In an unreal feat, Trump managed to have two humiliating interviews come out on the same day. While much of the country (and indeed, the world) was laughing at Trump for his insane screed about the Civil War, CBS News released their own interview with Trump which showed the president descending into sheer madness when pressed to support his (false) claim that President Obama wiretapped him. For those worried about the mental stability of the person currently within arm s reach of America s nuclear arsenal, it was perhaps the more disturbing of the two interviews.You can almost hear Trump s staffers groan when he, out of nowhere, brings up the wiretap claims. Sensing a moment to finally press Trump on these unsubstantiated smears of his predecessor, CBS s John Dickerson asks Trump pointblank whether he still stands by the accusations that Obama is a  bad and sick  guy who had committed felonies on par with Nixon s Watergate scandal. Since making the claims, Trump s arguments have been repeatedly debunked and zero evidence to support him has emerged. Has he changed his mind?Just the opposite. He appears to have become even more delusional: I think our side s been proven very strongly and everybody s talking about it and frankly, it should be discussed. Trump added,  We should find out what the hell is going on. Dickerson:  I m asking you because you don t want it to be fake news. I want to hear it from President Trump. Trump:  You don t have to ask me. You don t have to ask me. Dickerson:  Why not? Trump:  Because I have my own opinions, you can have your own opinions. Dickerson points out that Trump s  own opinions  are kind of important because he s the president of the United States. At this point, Trump shuts down completely, ending the interview and running to his desk. The last shot the camera captures is Trump visibly fuming. Facts, it seems, irritate him.Featured image via CBS News",0
1621, Priebus: White House Has ‘Looked At’ How To Gut First Amendment So Trump Can Sue Press (VIDEO),"White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said on Sunday that Donald Trump and the swamp monsters in his administration have  looked at  how they can change the Constitution so that he can sue the press. Because f*ck the First Amendment.During an interview on ABC s This Week, host Jon Karl asked Priebus about Trump s threats to  change libel laws  so that he can sue the New York Times for running stories that hurt his feelings.The failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws? https://t.co/QIqLgvYLLi  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 30, 2017 That would require, as I understand it, a constitutional amendment,  Karl said. Is he really going to pursue that? I think it s something that we ve looked at, and how that gets executed or whether that goes anywhere is a different story,  Priebus replied. So you think the President should be able to sue the New York Times for stories he doesn t like?  Karl continued to press. I think that newspapers and news agencies need to be more responsible with how they report the news,  Priebus responded.  I am so tired. I don t think anyone would disagree with that,  Karl said.  It s about whether or not the President should have the right to sue them. And I already answered the question. I said this is something that is being looked at,  Priebus said.  But it s something that, as far as how it gets executed, where we go with it, that s another issue. You can watch Priebus explain how Trump wants to stomp all over the First Amendment here:White House Chief of Staff @Reince45 tells @jonkarl: Changing the libel laws  is something that we ve looked at.  #ThisWeek pic.twitter.com/4ZLbDHWe8r  Evan McMurry (@evanmcmurry) April 30, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",0
1622, Trump Just Got WRECKED By Chelsea Clinton Over His Dumbass Slavery Remarks (TWEETS/VIDEO),"Anyone who has been to grade school is fully aware that Andrew Jackson died before a certain bloody conflict in which southerners fought their countrymen (former countrymen if you consider the Confederacy to be legitimate like many Trump supporters do) over the right to own other human beings, but Donald Trump has his own  alternative facts  about  swashbuckler  Jackson.Trump says he learned during a recent visit to Tennessee that  they love Andrew Jackson  down there, questioning whether Jackson, who owned 150 men, women, and children when he died in 1845, could have stopped the Civil War, which began in 1861, if he had  been a little bit later. I mean had Andrew Jackson been a little bit later you wouldn t have had the Civil War. He was a very tough person, but he had a big heart,  Trump told the Washington Post s Salena Zito. He was really angry that he saw what was happening with regard to the Civil War, he said,  There s no reason for this.' Yes, according  to Trump, slave owner Andrew Jackson was angry about a war that began long after his death and totally would have acted against his own self-interest (slavery was the source of all of his money) to stop it if he hadn t been so dead. But he was mad. Then Trump wondered why the Civil War happened in the first place   a question appropriate coming from someone who thinks a hardcore slave owner would have stopped it: People don t ask that question, but why was there the Civil War? Why could that one not have been worked out? Fortunately,  Crooked Hillary s  daughter stepped up to provide him with the answer in a manner Trump may understand: under 140 characters:1 word answer: Slavery. Longer: When Andrew Jackson died in 1845 (16 yrs before the Civil War began), he owned 150 men, women and children. https://t.co/Icg6puG2JZ  Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) May 1, 2017Naturally, a Trump supporter made a snide remark that  Chelsea Clinton discovered Google    something Trump obviously did not do .BREAKING: Chelsea Clinton discovered Google https://t.co/Dpoi1DPNiS  Colin Carr (@colinthehogs) May 1, 2017 and promptly got stomped:Hi Colin   I've been to Hermitage, Andrew Jackson's home in Tennessee. Worth visiting. Doesn't shy away from Jackson's slave-owning history. https://t.co/L8WZkqifJZ  Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) May 1, 2017Trump also visited Jackson s home but apparently failed to learn that no president has done more to expand slavery in the United States than he did. Appropriately, The Donald told Zito that his campaign was a lot like that of Jackson, who also called for  severe penalties  for  the circulation of incendiary publications.  Trump, who is exploring suing journalists for stories he does not like, just says  FAKE NEWS  because he s nowhere near as intelligent as the slave-owning former president he thinks would have stopped the Civil War.Naturally, Twitter loved watching Trump get dragged by the former First Daughter:@ChelseaClinton @IndependentlyE If you think Andrew Jackson was mad about the Civil War, you should have heard his thoughts on Vietnam. Not good!  Ben Hooper (@BenHooperWrites) May 1, 2017@ChelseaClinton Guess he missed all his history classes. Unbelievable.  Beth Woodworth (@bwoodwor) May 1, 2017@ChelseaClinton @MarcDrummond I learned about this in high school. In Norway. How is the US President this ignorant of his own country s history?  MortenRandHendriksen (@mor10) May 1, 2017@ChelseaClinton But Trump would have prevented Civil War by giving each slave 3/5 of a Pepsi  Drain The Trumps (@DrainTheTrumps) May 1, 2017@ChelseaClinton Can Trump for the love of god pick up a damn history book! Google  ANYTHING!?!?  Saba (@SabaSmw) May 1, 2017@ChelseaClinton @realDonaldTrump Did you sleep through American history? You realize your statements reflect your racism? Sad, born too late to own humans?  Laurie Johnson (@lauriejohnson12) May 1, 2017@ChelseaClinton Gee, maybe if someone spoke to him for 10 minutes about slavery  ? #ignorance #WillfulIgnorance #NOTNORMAL #resist  mer (@72greysweater) May 1, 2017@ChelseaClinton @GirlMopar Ask any Native American about Andrew Jackson s  big heart.  #trailoftears  damon musha (@damon_musha) May 1, 2017Donald Trump is a complete embarrassment, and it is baffling that our country contains so many stupid people that a minority of them were able to put him in office with the help of the Electoral College   a system set up to protect Jackson s favorite thing, slavery.Listen to Trump s remarks below:Here's the audio on that Trump answer: ""Why was there the Civil War? Why could that one not have been worked out?"" pic.twitter.com/tEUFGRDMSM  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) May 1, 2017Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",0
1623, Neo-Nazi Rally Met With Strong Resistance By Local Town (DETAILS),"Neo-Nazis and white supremacists gathered in Pikeville, Kentucky yesterday. They were met by scores of protesters who booed the group. Approximately 70 members of the Traditionalist Workers Party, the League of the South and the National Socialist Movement were heavily armed when they gathered at the courthouse in town.Pike County is a very white place. At least 98 percent of the people who live there are white. The area also went heavily for President Donald Trump. Eighty percent of the people there voted for Trump. These are the reasons that Pikeville was selected for the rally. The neo-Nazis and white supremacists are looking to become more politically relevant. They picked the area because they thought their message would appeal to the working class people who live there.Pikeville residents wanted no part of the message the rally organizers were trying to spread. Most of the rally supporters are not from Pikevillee. Lifelong Pikeville resident, Elizabeth White said,  We have no clue why they would even pick Pickville. Why don t they go disrespect their own homes, their own people, their own families? We need Trump to tell them to go back to their own place. There had been a lot of concern about the rally as recent protests around the country have turned violent. One protester was shot in the abdomen at an event in Seattle. Several people were stabbed at another event in Sacramento. Unlike Washington and California, which have strict gun control laws, Kentucky residents are allowed to carry weapons. Organizers of the Pikeville protest said beforehand that their people would be heavily armed. That led some to be concerned that violence at the protest could turn deadly.Luckily, none of that happened. The three hour rally included harsh words from both sides but was peaceful. As the protesters left town, people protesting the protest shouted,  Get the fuck out. Get the fuck out and stay the fuck out. You are not welcome here. Featured image via Nick Wagner.",0
1624," Sean Hannity Just Openly Threatened Someone On Twitter, And It May Be A Fox News Exec","Is there some reason people like Donald Trump and his most ardent fans can t handle problems without making threats? Sean Hannity is publicly threatening someone after tweeting that he s been talking to lawyers about  libel, slander, defamation, tortious interference.  As an alleged journalist, he really ought to know what those words mean and not throw them around.He s also doing quite a bit of posturing about it, up to and including issuing this threat:Oh FYI, Whoever you are just remember, IP addresses are traceable. Get Ready.  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 1, 2017Many on that tweet assume he s referring to his sexual harassment accuser, Debbie Schlussel. However, this tweet suggests he s talking about whoever it is he thinks  the traitor  is at Fox News:This is way way way bigger than any one individual. https://t.co/ERvdrmUdeE  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 30, 2017Hannity recently gave an interview to Vanity Fair, in which he defended embattled co-president Bill Shine, who has been caught up in the sexual harassment investigation into Fox News. In it, he said there was a traitor at Fox News, and claimed to know who it is. After Bill O Reilly s ouster amid a sexual harassment scandal, people began saying that  they  were going to come after Hannity.Sure enough, Schlussel came forward saying that Hannity had been creepy with her. Hannity has repeatedly denied that he was even remotely inappropriate with her, and he and his followers seem to think that she s either an active participant in some grand conspiracy to shut down Fox News (and indeed, conservatives in general) entirely, or a pawn that  they  are using to take down every conservative there is.Honestly, he sounds too much like Trump, dropping saying on Twitter that he s got all this information and hinting that it could blow something wide open. Since he s a television personality, it s a little more likely that he s actually got something on someone (or a lot of someones), but then again he really does sound like Trump blowing hot air and this could wind up being a huge nothingburger.He shut down before he  said too much  to his Twitter audience, and is now simply saying,  stay tuned.  So he s hinting that he and his  team  are going to bust something wide open. Because the scandal at Fox News can t possibly be a culture fostered by serial harasser Roger Ailes (and probably other serial harassers), could it?Featured image by Gerardo Mora via Getty Images",0
1625, Trump Administration Just Pressured Argentina Into Not Honoring Jimmy Carter With An Award,"The Trump administration explicitly requested that Argentine President Mauricio Macri delay honoring former Democratic President Jimmy Carter with an award. Marci planned to award Carter the Order of the Liberator General San Martin, the highest distinction in that country to a foreign person, but pressure from the Trump administration caused the honor to be delayed.Carter, who has been a critic of Trump s administration, was set to be honored by Argentina with the award which is the equivalent to America s Medal of Freedom.The Buenos Aires Herald reports:The Mauricio Macri administration reverted a decision to award former US president Jimmy Carter the Order of the Liberator General San Mart n   the maximum distinction that the country can give to a foreign personality  , under the pressure from US President Donald Trump s administration, CNN web site reported this week.The official tribute, which had already been approved by the foreign ministry and was published in the Official Gazette, was cancelled after receiving a specific request by the US government, which would have suggested it would be better to delay it. Carter was to be given the award for his work in promoting human rights during Argentina s last military dictatorship.According to CNN, an Argentinean official spoke on condition of anonymity and said the decision not to carry out the official delivery to Jimmy Carter was  to avoid conflicts  and to talk about matters of mutual interest between the two countries.CNN reports:The council that studies who to grant the distinction in the Chancellery of Argentina had approved the distinction to the former president for his work for peace and for his contribution to human rights during the dictatorship of Jorge Rafael Videla when Carter was president of the United States.Trump has never been kind to his critics. Carter, on the other hand, is just a soul who, since leaving office, does charitable work for the needy. Carter just has an unfavorable view of Donald Trump and that is apparently too much for the alleged president to handle.Photo by Jessica McGowan via Getty.",0
1626, Fox News Shamefully Tries To Pass Off Obama’s Economic Achievements As Trump’s And Gets POUNDED For It,"Fox News made a desperate effort to convince everyone that Donald Trump is having more economic success than President Obama did, and it was shamefully dishonest.Trump has been touting his first 100 days as the best since World War II despite the fact that his first three months in office have been a complete embarrassment. No major legislation has been signed and Trump has issued a ton of destructive executive orders.Trump has been especially bragging about the economy, and Fox News tried to help him by comparing the economy after Trump s first 100 days with the economies under Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton in their first 100 days.Dow Jones Industrial Average   Change after first 3 months in office: Trump vs. Obama vs. Bush vs. Clinton. pic.twitter.com/ve8RqFCByx  Fox News (@FoxNews) April 29, 2017Hourly wages after the President s first 3 months in office: Trump vs. Obama vs. Bush vs. Clinton. pic.twitter.com/KMjQHBTEEd  Fox News (@FoxNews) April 29, 2017Jobless rate after first 3 months: Trump vs. Obama vs. Bush vs. Clinton. pic.twitter.com/w8FzJJ9nXc  Fox News (@FoxNews) April 29, 2017Jobs added during first 2 months   Trump vs. Obama vs. Bush vs. Clinton. pic.twitter.com/paBPjhfNiN  Fox News (@FoxNews) April 29, 2017However, Fox News apparently ignored the fact that presidents inherit the state of the economy from their predecessors.For instance, President Obama inherited the Great Recession from President Bush, which is why the economy during his first 100 days stood in shambles as 1.5 million jobs were lost, unemployment topped 9 percent, and GDP dropped by 5 percent.In other words, President Obama was not responsible for those economic losses. But he did reverse them.After eight years in office, President Obama managed to bring down the unemployment rate to 4.8 percent, oversaw the longest streak of job creation on record and created 11.3 million jobs. Obama s best year for average GDP growth was in 2015 at 2.6 percent, but he did have many months that topped three percent. And he did all of this despite Republican obstruction at every turn.Donald Trump inherited Obama s economy, which is why he is touting it as his  achievement. The fact is, however, that we won t really know what Trump s economy will be until his policies take effect.So far, Trump has touted 500,000 jobs created, but that number is lower because he included the entire month of January, which rightfully should be in Obama s column. Trump s first three months in office also shows a GDP of 0.7 percent, far lower than the 4 percent he promised on the campaign trail.But again, Trump inherited Obama s economy, so he owes the positive growth rate that he is starting with to President Obama.When it comes to wages, Trump also doesn t have a leg to stand on. Many states passed laws increasing the minimum wage in 2015 and 2016, many of which went into effect this year. Meanwhile, the federal minimum wage remains at $7.25 an hour. Republicans refused to raise the federal wage during Obama s presidency. Trump himself opposes raising the minimum wage and his first Labor Secretary appointee supported killing minimum wage laws entirely. Republicans also still largely oppose the minimum wage. With that much opposition to minimum wage, including Trump s own opposition against it, he can hardly take credit for the minimum wage boosts that have occurred.These graphics were incredibly misleading and were clearly designed to make Trump look good at the expense of President Obama. But the tweets backfired spectacularly as Twitter users pointed out that they were not only lies, but demonstrated that Republican presidents inherit good economies from Democratic predecessors.@FoxNews What a stupid comparison  Obama inherited Bush s & Trump inherited Obama s. The rate of job growth has declined 50% (!) under Trump.  William LeGate (@williamlegate) April 29, 2017@FoxNews Fixed it for you, @FoxNews pic.twitter.com/XXcvDiWc3B  Danny Sullivan (@dannysullivan) April 29, 2017@FoxNews FOX just proved that Republicans leave office with high unemployment rates and Democrats fix it.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) April 29, 2017@FoxNews This is an ad for Democrats.  Matthew Savener (@msavener) April 29, 2017@FoxNews The most misleading statistic imaginable. Are Fox viewers really stupid enough to fall for this shit?  WideAngle_ (@WideAngle_) April 29, 2017@gourmetspud @FoxNews They keep running this bullshit. It just indicates the terrible economy that Clinton & Obama inherited from their GOP predecessor.  Kevin Bartner (@heshsson) April 29, 2017@FoxNews That s a dumb tweet. Here s some Labor data https://t.co/BlvRnosxZw pic.twitter.com/206gM9aPbf  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) April 29, 2017@FoxNews Looks like Clinton and Obama did a great job of setting up their successors, who then screwed things up! Thanks Clinton and Obama!  Alex Zalben (@azalben) April 29, 2017So Democratic presidents have inherited economic messes and have left the economy in much better shape for their GOP successors. Got it. https://t.co/wgbtjj5XXE  Julie Roginsky (@julieroginsky) April 29, 2017Fox News just got owned.Featured Image: Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1627, Trump Could Get Primaried By A Horrified #NEVERTRUMP Republican In 2020 (DETAILS),"Ohio Governor and former Republican presidential candidate John Kasich is the one GOP elected official that is still not on the Trump Train. The other party loyalists have fallen in line, with the occasional criticisms from folks like Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC) and Senator John McCain (R-AZ). Infamously, Gov. Kasich did not attend the Republican National Convention even though it was in his home state and he was the sitting Governor. He also refused to praise or endorse Trump, or demand that others in his party do so. Now, it seems he may be looking at a way to take his party back from The Donald in 2020.Gov. Kasich s gubernatorial term will end in 2019, due to term limits. Therefore, he also will be looking to see what his next project will be. For now, he has been touring the talk show circuit promoting a book, and that has been the focus of these conversations. However, a man who was once an aide to 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney, Ryan Williams, says of Kasich s 2020 prospects: Kasich is kind of in limbo   his time as governor will end when he s termed out, he doesn t have a path toward any other office in Ohio, and if Trump runs for reelection, I doubt he ll challenge him. That, however, does not mean that Kasich won t be throwing his hat into the 2020 ring. Williams goes on to say: But he s trying to keep his name in the mix in case President Trump decides not to run again   He, like many people, was counting on President Trump to lose in November, expecting to occupy a space in the effort to rebuild the party. But that evaporated the minute Trump won the election. Still, though, Kasich remains skeptical of Trump as president, and refuses to rule out challenging Trump. When asked, he ducks the question and essentially says he isn t running right now, he is promoting his book.In short, it seems that Kasich knows that Trump is terrible for the country, and really has no loyalty to the man. Further, with Trump s increasingly divisive policies and rhetoric continuing to rip at the fabric of the nation, he may feel the obligation to do what he can to unseat Trump in the primary and deny him the nomination a second time. In fact, when asked, Kasich said: What I m saying is it s unlikely, but I don t know what the future is going to bring for me, or what responsibility or obligation I might feel. The more Trump rips the nation apart, something tells me that obligation will feel a lot stronger by the time 2020 rolls around if Trump isn t impeached first.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1628, WATCH: Former Reagan Adviser Is Totally DISGUSTED By Trump’s Divisive Rally Speech,"Donald Trump treated Americans who oppose him as the enemy on Saturday and delivered the most divisive speech ever given by a president.Rather than attend the White House Correspondents  Dinner, Trump skipped the event instead to hold a rally in Pennsylvania where he displayed the kind of pettiness and divisiveness that are unprecedented in presidential history. It s time for all of us to remember that we are one people with one great American destiny, and that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, and we all share the same glorious freedoms of our magnificent country,  Trump said, suggesting that Americans who oppose him are not patriots.Trump also bragged about the size of his crowd, despite the fact that it was not a  record,  and bragged about his  achievements  in his first 100 days even though he has been a complete failure who has done nothing but sign tyrannical executive orders and play golf while having no major legislation reach the Oval Office desk.Indeed, Trump s attempt to repeal the popular Affordable Care Act failed spectacularly and his executive orders on immigration have been blocked by the courts.Trump also treated a protester like shit at the rally, ordering security to  get him out of here,  as Nazis stood by in approval.Trump speech was not presidential. It was meant strictly to pander to his vile base of deplorable supporters who still supoort him no matter how much he lies or how much he destroys our country.And David Gergen, who served as an adviser to Nixon, Ford, and Reagan, trashed Trump s  disturbing  speech. This was the most divisive speech I have ever heard from a sitting American president,  Gergen said.  Others may disagree about that. He played to his base and he treated his other listeners, the rest of the people who have been disturbed about him or opposed him, he treated them basically as,  I don t give a damn what you think because you re frankly like the enemy.  I thought it was a deeply disturbing speech. Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump should be impeached and everything he has done should be reversed and erased as if he never held office. He should also be put in prison for colluding with Russia, attempting to sabotage the United States, and violating the Constitution. Acting like a hateful and vengeful dictator should not be tolerated in this country.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1629, WATCH: Trump Bashes “Face the Nation” During Interview On…Face The Nation,"It is no secret that President Donald Trump likes to call any press coverage that he does not like  fake.  This weekend he upped the ante a bit when he did an interview with John Dickerson for CBS s Face the Nation. Trump took the opportunity to bash the show to the show s host.After Dickerson called Trump out on some of his policy reversals over the course of the first 100 days of his presidency, this exchange happened: It s always a challenge like life itself is a challenge. It s very funny when the fake media goes out   which we call the mainstream media, which sometimes, I must say is you,  said Trump. You mean, me personally?  asked Dickerson Your show, I love your show. I call it  Deface the Nation , but your show is sometimes not exactly correct,  said Trump. Featured image via CBS.",0
1630, Trump Fan Just Got His Pride DEMOLISHED By A 7th Grader In Epic Letter To A Newspaper,"A Trump supporter thought he was clever when he wrote a letter to the editor of his local paper, the Winchester Star, criticizing  Hate has no home here  signs that were popping up in his area. The signs feature the phrase written in a number of languages and should be seen as a positive thing by everyone, but Trump supporters are filled to the brim with hatred, so self-described  50-year Tea Partier became  triggered  and wrote an angry letter full of so much whining  that it would cause notorious white grievance princess and former Blaze personality Tomi Lahren to scream  SNOWFLAKE  for six hours in an unhinged Facebook video post if a liberal wrote it.Natale posed a number of incredibly stupid questions he didn t expect to be answered   but then a 7th grader by the name of Luke Macannuco answered them and delivered a smackdown so hard that the Tea Partier might think twice about saying or writing something this stupid again (Oh, who are we kidding? He won t). I read, with great interest, Mr. John Natale s colossal misunderstanding of the  Hate Has No Home Here  signs. Natale s first mistake was claiming the signs read,  Hate has no place in this home .  the teen s letter begins.  Mr. Natale is incorrectly assuming that the owners of the sign are finding it necessary to state that there is no hate in their home. But, as the American flag depicted on the sign signifies, the posters are referencing the entire U.S.A., a country that does not tolerate hate in spite of its current leadership. Those people who have chosen to place a  Hate Has No Home Here  sign on their lawn are standing behind their belief that the country should be free of hate. The teen then addressed the meat of Natale s moronic writings, and it is the best thing you will read for quite some time  until you see what came after it, that is:Mr. Natale also lists questions that have remained unanswered, so it is my duty to define his burning inquiries:1. Question:  Who are the haters that you, the sign owner, are referring to?  Answer: Bigots who are trying to take away protections for transgender students, deport refugees and build a very expensive wall to keep illegal immigrants out (which is completely pointless and not helping your cause, but I digress).2. Question:  What, or whom, do the haters hate?  Answer: Perfectly innocent human beings who happen to be different from the haters.3. Question:  What is the evidence that there is significant hate in our community?  Answer: Me getting called homosexual slurs by students and adults alike.4. Question:  Obviously, you are so morally superior that you may declare everyone who disagrees with you a hater (side note: this first part is a statement, not a question). Where, when, and how did you become the Lord High Decider of Morality?  Answer: Never. We just put a lawn sign down. Calm down, dude.This is enough to have most right-wingers peeing themselves like a couple of Russian prostitutes on a certain billionaire s Moscow hotel bed, but our hero wasn t done:As I stated previously, the signs are not talking exclusively about Winchester. The signs are about the whole United States. They also aren t implying you are a hater if you disagree; where did you get that idea? Also, Mr. Natale, if you re going to ask us to do you a favor and take the signs down, do humanity a favor and take your Trump signs down. Finally, if you are going to say signs exhibit  snowflake sensitivity,  take a moment to think about how you are writing an angry letter to a newspaper about a lawn sign.And the crowd went wild:@segalmr @fuggirls  If ur going to think signs display  snowflake sensitivity    think about how you are writing a letter to a newspaper about a sign.  pic.twitter.com/5cOopDqQb0  Sela Lewis (@SelaNehanda) April 29, 2017@segalmr @AlJavieera Controlled burn. Do not report.  Badlands Drifter (@JoelVanderWerf) April 29, 2017@segalmr @AndyRichter i love that kids have more sense than most adults these days.  Raz Bean (@razbean) April 29, 2017@PObbard @segalmr Oh my God this letter! I love this kid.  Dan Lyons (@realdanlyons) April 30, 2017@segalmr Holy shit Epic take-down, but done with class & subtlety that escapes most adults these days.  Pietro (@Pietro5266) April 30, 2017@segalmr Holy. Fucking. Yes.  Manthony (@matanunpa) April 30, 2017@segalmr Obviously we elected the wrong seventh-grader as president.  Bryan Edward Stone (@bestoneTX) April 30, 2017@segalmr Well said. pic.twitter.com/dgF3nRf4jx  Elizabeth (@loveylovett) April 30, 2017That sound you just heard? It was the agonizing scream of the last of Natale s pride.Featured image via screengrab",0
1631," WATCH: Neo-Nazi Leader Regrets His Trump Vote, Blames ‘Jewish Lobby’ For Failure To Build Wall","This weekend, neo-Nazis and white supremacists gathered in eastern Kentucky. On Friday, Art Jones addressed the group. The Anti-Defamation League (ADL) has identified Jones as a denier of the Holocaust. Since the 1970s, he has been dressing up on Nazi attire and celebrating Hitler and the ideals of the Third Reich. He is now upset with President Donald Trump and wishes he could take his vote back.Jones told the crowd: I m sorry I voted for the son of a bitch, I really am. I m sorry I spent $180 out of my own pocket to buy three big banners that said,  President Trump, build the wall ,  the blazer-clad Jones said, to a tent full of about 100 men, some of whom wore paramilitary-style uniforms. Now he says,  Eh, what wall?  I m embarrassed that I voted for him. Jones went on to blame  the Jewish lobby  and Jared Kushner for many promises that Trump has broken. Kushner is Jewish.Featured image via Lois Beckett.",0
1632, Schumer Breaks It Down: Explains Why Trump Hasn’t Accomplished Sh*t (VIDEO),"Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer broke things down on Sunday and explained why it is that Donald Trump hasn t been able to accomplish squat so far.Appearing on Fox News Sunday, Schumer gave a scathing review of Trump s first 100 days, which he said had  hardly been a success.  He laid into Trump for his litany of broken promises, including his failed health care bill and decision to add more monsters to the swamp rather than draining it. There s been promise after promise that s been either unfulfilled or broken,  he said. The bottom line is very simple: the president, if he works with us, particularly on issues like trade and infrastructure, we can work. But on the issues so far, taxes and healthcare, he doesn t consult us at all. According to Schumer, Trump comes up with a plan that s very hard right  and then tells Democrats that supporting the plan is the only  way to be bipartisan. That s not how America works,  Schumer said.The Senate minority leader then scorched Trump on his failed attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act. He pointed out that Trump didn t need a single Democrat to vote for his bill in order to pass it. And it still failed miserably. He s not governing from the middle, he s governing from the hard right. That s why his regime has had hardly any major successes, with the exception of Gorsuch. If he changes, we can work together. But he can t just dictate what he wants,  Schumer said. The country doesn t work my way or the highway. Trump, for his part, spent the weekend attacking Democrats, Schumer in specific. On Saturday, Trump slammed Schumer as  a bad leader.  On Sunday, he said that without a leader,  Democrats  have become the party of obstruction.  He then continued that theme during an interview with Face The Nation on Sunday morning.You can watch Schumer s interview here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1633, Trump Goes BALLISTIC As White House Correspondents Dinner Continues Without Him (VIDEO),"Donald Trump may be one of the most bitter, petty people on the planet. Several weeks ago, Trump announced that he would not be attending the White House Correspondents Dinner in Washington because he couldn t handle the media s criticism. As the WH Correspondents Dinner finally took place last night without Trump, he basically threw a fit during a rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania because the event was held  without the president. If Trump expected the annual event to be canceled because the country s commander-in-chief decided to be a temperamental man-baby, he was proven wrong last night   and obviously couldn t handle the fact that the media and several celebrities still wanted to go. In an unhinged, unpresidential rant, Trump blasted the media and all in attendance of the WH Correspondents Dinner.Trump lied and said he could not possibly more thrilled  to be far away from the  Washington swamp , where the reporters were consoling each other in a hotel ballroom.  Trump then bragged about the size of his crowds in comparison to the dinner before pointing to the cameras and saying they would actually rather be here.  Trump s delusional fans loved every second of it, and were soon chanting  CNN sucks , encouraging Trump to go off even more on  fake news . He said: They would love to be with us here tonight, but they re trapped at the dinner which will be very, very boring. With the encouragement from the crowd, Trump then recycled all his usual attacks, such as Hillary Clinton and the New York Times   a tactic Trump regularly uses because he isn t intelligent enough to talk about his actual policies.If there was ever a speech that displayed just how insecure and small-minded Trump is, it was this one. You can watch it below:Featured image via Steve Pope / Getty Images",0
1634, WATCH: Will Ferrell Skewers Trump As He Reprises His George W. Bush Impression,"Last night, during the official White House Correspondents  Dinner, Samantha Bee hosted her own event. Entitled the  Not the White House Correspondents  Dinner,  the special featured a lot of surprises. One highlight of the evening came when Will Ferrell took the stage and reprised his impression of former President George W. Bush.The comedian used his time to lampoon the current president. George W. had a lot of good advice for President Donald Trump from what he should eat ( Eat a salad. ) to providing sensible fashion tips ( Your tie should stop at your belt buckle ). Ferrell s W. also noted that before Trump moved into the White House, the 43rd president was considered to be the worst president in history.In addition to performances by Will Ferrell and Samantha Bee, the show also featured appearances by Allison Janney, Carl Reiner, Billy Eichner, Paula Pell and Norman Lear.Here s the video:Featured image via TBS",0
1635, Donald Trump Learned A New Word And It Should Give You Chills (VIDEO),"Donald Trump isn t enjoying his time as President. In a series of interviews marking the first 100 days of his presidency, he s done an awful lot of whining and complaining, including saying that the job is much harder than he thought.One of the reasons the job is so hard for him is that he s not a dictator, as much as he d like to be one. His powers are limited by a document called the Constitution and that frustrates the hell out of him, even though he has an entirely Republican federal government.In an interview with Fox News on Friday, Trump appeared to have learned a new word, and he used it four times in reference to the Constitution. That word was  archaic,  and in his context, it was particularly disconcerting because it signaled his desire to completely do away with the constraints of the Constitution and with our system of checks and balances.Remember when White nationalist House stooge and millennial most likely to be punched Steven Miller said that  that the powers of the president to protect our country are very substantial and will not be questioned?  A collective chill went up the spines of thinking Americans. Be prepared to feel that chill again. Here s what Trump said on Friday.In an interview with Fox News to mark the 100-day mark, he declared himself  disappointed  with congressional Republicans, despite his many  great relationships  with them.He blamed the constitutional checks and balances built in to US governance.  It s a very rough system,  he said.  It s an archaic system   It s really a bad thing for the country. Here s the video:Mostly, Trump wants to get rid of the filibuster. He has no authority whatsoever over the rules of the Senate, and while the Senate leadership could change the rules, in theory, it would be quite short-sighted because it would mean that the next time Democrats have even a slim majority, Republicans would be powerless to get anything accomplished or to stop a Democratic agenda.When President Obama wasn t able to get past the filibuster, Donald Trump called him weak and ineffectual. Now that the loafer is on Trump s foot, it s the Constitution s fault. Do you have chills yet?Featured image via Getty Images/Pool",0
1636, Trump’s Favorite New Dictator Just Cut Off Access To Wikipedia,"The Turkish government has blocked access to Wikipedia, the online encyclopedia. When people throughout the country try to access the site, all they will see is a swirly symbol until they see a message that the connection to the server has timed out. Turkey was recently subject to a failed coup attempt, and in the aftermath President Erdo an used the incident to seize greater powers over the government, becoming a dictator. Trump praised this.The official reason the Turkish government has given is that the site,  has started acting as part of the circles who carry out a smear campaign against Turkey in the international arena, rather than being cooperative in fight against terror.  This is according to a statement by Turkish ministry officials. There have been articles posted to Wikipedia that equate the Turkish government with various terror groups.The Turkey Blocks organization that watches for these kinds of blocks announced the government actions against Wikipedia. Johnny Wales, the founder of Wikipedia took to Twitter to voice his objections. He posted,  Access to information is a fundamental human right. The Turkish people I will always stand with you to fight for this right. While other sites are working normally right now, the Turkish government has used its power to cut off access to other sites in the past. For example, it blocked access to YouTube for several months in 2014. This was in response to a video the site showed of a meeting in Syria on security. The year before that, the government shut off access to a variety of social media channels such as Twitter and Facebook due to bomb attacks or widespread protests.Last November, limitations were placed on access to Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and WhatsApp.Some clever internet users have been able to get around the blocks by using VPNs. Increasingly, the government has been finding ways to keep these users from accessing banned sites.The government admits that from  time to time for security reasons we can use such measures  These are temporary measures. Once the danger is passed, everything returns to normal.  This is according to Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim.Featured image via Getty Images",0
1637, Trump’s Rally Already Off The Rails As Nazis Show Up; Protester Slammed To Ground While Trump Rants,"The rally Trump held to compete with the National Correspondent s dinner in Washington is off to a predictably ugly start. At least one protester has already been physically tackled by waiting police officers. Nazis are mingling with the crowd. And Trump is raving from the pulpit. It s the ugliest parts of the 2016 campaign all over again.Trump is currently being sued for his involvement in the assault of a protester during the campaign but that didn t stop him from being similarly aggressive at this rally. According to reporters on the scene, Trump was yelling  get him out of here!  as his supporters and his police detail yanked a protester to the ground. Politico s Josh Dawsey captured the moment.Cops throw angry protester to the ground. He's not leaving quietly. ""Get him out of here,"" Trump says. pic.twitter.com/kOCKdO89rH  Josh Dawsey (@jdawsey1) April 30, 2017Carrying  Make America Strong Again  signs, Trump supporters hurled insults and lewd gestures at the protester as he was dragged out of the arena.Pennsylvania State Police drag out a Donald Trump protester while a supporter gives him the middle finger @ Harrisburg rally. pic.twitter.com/DIYodbvy4G  Jonathan Lee Riches (@xxxlawsuitxxx) April 30, 2017It s important to remind ourselves that this is not normal. There used to be a sense of respect for both president and protester. President Obama once made international headlines when he told a heckler to please be respectful until he was finished talking. In just 100 days, Trump has torched that tacit agreement.Neo-Nazis were also spotted in the crowd. They ve been a regular feature of Trump rallies in recent months, including proudly filming themselves give Nazi  sieg heil  salutes during a Berkeley march. New York Magazine s Olivia Nuzzi spotted a few of the Trump supporters donning skin head regalia and snapped this photo:Seen at the Trump rally in Harrisburg: pic.twitter.com/dBl3RHKJ73  Olivia Nuzzi (@Olivianuzzi) April 29, 2017Tee  Keystone State Council  is a known hate group which has stated their mission is to target young people to build a new generation of white supremacists. They are also linked to several neo-Nazi groups, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center.Again, Nazis and white supremacists showing up to openly support a president is not normal.As for Trump, he pretended he was running for president again. He ranted about making America  stronger , bragged about the crowd size and blatantly lied. Just like old times.Trump says ""we have a lot of ppl standing outside"" and he ""broke the all time record"" in this arena. There are rows of empty seats here pic.twitter.com/ixbErKjrQu  Jonathan Tamari (@JonathanTamari) April 30, 2017What does it say about the country that an event like this is happening? What does it project to the rest of the world?Featured image via Twitter",0
1638, Elizabeth Warren Was Asked Why She Went To Trump’s Inauguration. Her Response Will TERRIFY Him (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has a major issue with Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA). This was apparent during his entire presidential campaign, when he basically had a meltdown every time Warren dared to criticize him or call him out on his bullsh*t. Trump had every reason to fear Warren   she was one of his most outspoken critics, and it made Americans love and respect her even more. She has a huge following and was highly influential in her role in the anti-Trump movement, so it was surprising to many that she attended Trump s inauguration. But now, we know why she went.Several Democrats couldn t bear to see Trump get sworn in, and we can t blame them. Warren, however, made it a point to show up despite the fact that Trump insulted her many times, nicknaming her  Pocahontas . On Bill Maher s Real Time, Warren told Maher just what she was thinking by going to an inauguration that she clearly did not want to see happen. She said: I went to Trump s inauguration. I watched. I wanted to see it. I wanted it burned into my eyes. My view on this was that if there were ever going to be a moment when I was like,  Uhh, I m too tired to get up,  all I ve got to do is close my eyes and I m like,  Oh God, I m up! I m up! I m up! I m ready! I m back in the fight. Warren shared the sentiments of most Americans when she said that the day after Trump s inauguration was when  the world changed    but she encouraged Americans to stay positive. While Trump had been sworn in, the historic Women s March also took place that weekend. Warren said that Trump s election helped Americans find their voices and passion: It will be about the day we made our voices heard. It s clear that watching Trump s inauguration helped light a fire inside Warren, and she s using it as fuel to keep fighting Trump and the GOP. This is going to terrify Trump, and she knows it. You can watch Warren speak about the inauguration below:Featured image via Alex Wong and Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
1639," Trump Whines That FAKE Media Won’t Report His Nonexistent Accomplishments, Gets STOMPED (TWEETS)","4fr4fr34f43fMainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders & great optimism!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 29, 2017ewfwefewf@realDonaldTrump But they did mention your failed Muslim Ban, failed Trumpcare, your failed sanctuary city ban. But keep doing those rallies!  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) April 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump Fake news doesn t talk enough about accomplishments like the freedom to dump coal debris in drinking water https://t.co/IuutN2lHWx pic.twitter.com/ZJGmJeu3oL  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) April 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump Or making sure the mentally ill aren t blocked from buying guns https://t.co/M0ogMyOwJc pic.twitter.com/MZuOfew6TP  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) April 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump And really some of the biggest accomplishments have been made in turning the White House into a profit generator https://t.co/r8fyEVF0cx  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) April 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump GDP is growing at the slowest rate in the last 3 years, you are tanking the economy pic.twitter.com/Wlk1hYHPay  Nathan Bernard (@nathanTbernard) April 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump And all your golf. Don t forget about your golfing achievement pic.twitter.com/C0G1DrTIpv  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) April 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump Oops  pic.twitter.com/zBo9WcnSze  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) April 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump Calling an executive order an achievement is like calling your inheritance an achievement.  Molly Knight (@molly_knight) April 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump No major legislation signed. You failed to repeal Obamacare, as offered during elections. You re a #FAKEPRESIDENT with lowest approval!! ??  Jose Andrade (@jandrade) April 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump Your only achievement has been setting the record for vacation days. Nobody intelligent respects you!  Tommy Campbell (@MrTommyCampbell) April 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump So  Present them. You can t say they are hiding your achievements  if you don t have any. pic.twitter.com/xU0ethFVEe  PORP (@TheOfficialPORP) April 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump put out your own long list and stop whining about it.  BG Red (@BG_Red_22) April 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump And most important, lets not forget, all of those Russian investigations. Now thats impressive  RobWagner (@wagner_rob) April 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump Do you even know what those 28 signings are? They amount to nothing, seriously. Most are jokes. You shouldn t be so proud of them.  Michael Brandvold (@michaelsb) April 29, 2017What has Donald Trump accomplished? He s managed to have three executive orders shut down by the courts and play a lot of golf. Not exactly something to be proud of, is it?Featured image via Getty Images (Scott Olson)/screengrab",0
1640, WATCH: Rob Reiner Destroys Team Trump Claims that Obama Should Be Blamed for Flynn,"All week, Team Trump has been trying to push all the blame for Michael Flynn s actions onto the Obama administration. Despite the fact that Flynn did not start working for foreign governments until after he was fired, they still think they can say it is all Barack Obama s fault. Rob Reiner is having none of it.This morning on AM Joy, Reiner said: This man who is the head of our country is a pathological liar and everybody around him is lying. There s no way to other way to look at this thing. Not only did we know about Michael Flynn, there were a number of articles, there was a letter written by the House Oversight Committee. It was well-known what Michael Flynn was doing, he was fired by Barack Obama, so that is clear. The one thing that they have been successful at so far is obfuscating the biggest single story that is permeating this country right now, and that is the invasion of a foreign power, a hostile foreign power into our democracy. And the Michael Flynn story, aside from the fact that he was taking money from Turkey, from Russia, from places and clearly that s a criminal behavior, the main part of the story, and something that we haven t even talked about is: why? Why with the White House knowing full well that this is who he was, they still appointed him National Security Adviser? At first the gang that can t shoot straight looked like it was incompetent because they may not have bothered to do any vetting of Flynn before letting him take over as the National Security Advisor. Now it looks like they either did not understand the law or the Constitution and the rules the military needs to adhere to or they knew the rules and didn t care that Flynn broke them. Either way, putting Flynn in such a sensitive post, with access to the most classified data, was never a good idea. While Flynn was getting the same briefing as the President-Elect, he penned an op-ed for The Hill urging more support for Turkey. When that piece was written, Flynn was receiving money from the Turkish government.Featured image via Amanda Edwards/Getty Images.",0
1641, Team Trump Knew Flynn Broke The Law And Hired Him Anyway (DETAILS),"While most Americans did not know about Michael Flynn s ties to Turkey, Team Trump did. When they were vetting the former general, they did learn of Flynn s work for both Turkey and Russia. They knew he had violated the law and the U.S. Constitution and they hired him to be the National Security Advisor anyway.MSNBC s Rachel Maddow said this on her show on Friday night,  NBC News has learned from sources close to the Trump-Russia investigation that both the Trump transition and the White House did do a background check on Flynn.  She went on to say that the vetting Team Trump did of Flynn was done  very casually. The new reporting by NBC News mirrors the claims Flynn has been making for some time that he and his lawyers were upfront with the vetting team about the lobbying he was doing on behalf of the Turkish government.For its part, the White House has taken to blaming the Obama administration. Flynn worked as the director of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA). His job at the DIA did require he receive a top secret clearance but it is important to note that he was fired from that job in 2014 (he started there in 2011), this was a full year before he was scheduled to retire.This week, Press Secretary Sean Spicer indicated that the transition team relied on the vetting that had been done by the Obama Administration. The timing of this is important to note because Flynn did not start his consulting work until after he left the DIA. The vetting he received prior to that role, which is what gave him his clearance would not have shown his ties to Turkey or Russia because that work hadn t happened yet.Members of the military are barred from working for foreign governments for life, unless they receive Congressional approval. The reason is that they can be called back to duty at any time and working for a foreign government could cause a conflict of interest.Featured image via Mark Makela/Getty Images.",0
1642, Golf Addicted 70-Year-Old Man Says He ‘Couldn’t Care Less About Golf’,"Just as drug addicts and alcoholics tend to be in denial of their disease, former reality show star Donald Trump does not think he has a problem. The alleged president has not addressed opioid addiction which is sweeping across the U.S., and that s probably because he, too, suffers from a type of addiction and remains in denial. Donald Trump needs treatment, but that would mean he d have to take a leave of absence from his job.The amateur president has spent 31 days of his time in office visiting at least one of his properties, including 19 visits to his golf clubs. He s been on the job for only 100 days. In contrast, former President Barack Obama only hit the golf course once during the same amount of time in office. Obama s first golf game was on April 26th, 2009.Still yet, as addicts do, Trump defended his frequent weekend trips to his luxury resort and properties, saying he does not care about golfing as much as people might think he does, according to The Hill. I have a lot of property. So if I go to my clubs like in New Jersey, they ll say,  Oh he is going to play golf.  I am not going to play golf,  Trump said in an interview on Fox News.  I couldn t care less about golf. Well, he sure did care when Obama played golf, though. In fact, there are dozens of rage-tweets from Trump about Obama playing golf.Can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 14, 2014 But I have a place there that costs almost nothing because its hundreds of acres and security and they don t have to close up streets,  Trump added.What Trump means is that it costs him  nothing.  We, the taxpayers, though, are paying big time. It costs us about $3 million a pop every time he visits his Mar-a-Lago resort. Meanwhile, every visit to a Trump-owned property promotes it and that means there s a conflict of interest as he profits from the presidency.Trump did say that he feels  a little guilty  going back to his Trump Tower residence in New York because of all the expenses that are associated with each trip. But, he didn t mention the costs to taxpayers having to foot the bill for having several White Houses, instead of one. For example, the security for Melania Trump in New York reportedly costs the city s Police Department between $127,000 and $146,000 a day to protect her and her son. The Secret Service had to request an additional $60 million in funding to protect Trump and his family. I love New York, but going back is very expensive for the country because they close up Fifth Avenue and they close up 56th Street   and I always feel a little bit guilty when I go there,  he said.Trump said he does not want to be perceived as  lazy  but noted that he prefers to visit his other properties because they are not as expensive to secure. They are expensive to secure. Trump s frequent visits to his Florida resort have been a financial burden on the county. It would be much better if people would understand that I could go other places that I have,  Trump said.  But then they hit me for relaxing. And I don t want to be known as a person that relaxes because I am working hard and I am working hard for the people. Addiction, whether it be from drugs, alcohol, sex or golfing, is not a prejudiced disease. It can affect you whether you are black, white, Orange, rich or poor, pay your taxes, or if you try to hide your taxes from the public because you pay nothing at all.Photo by Ian MacNicol/Getty Images.",0
1643, Bill Maher Just Dropped A Truth Bomb About Trump Voters That Every Liberal Needs To Hear (VIDEO),"We on the left are all wondering why, out of the vast field of GOP candidates, Donald Trump roared to the nomination, toppling traditional candidates like Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio, and even hard-right bigots like Ted Cruz. No, they picked The Donald, and no matter how vulgar he was, how bigoted he was, how dangerously unhinged he was, they still picked him. Then, they got him elected president, to the horror of most Americans and to the delight of that swath of people who were so entranced by Trump from the moment he rode down that escalator.Well, now, we are 100 days in, and the Trump presidency is just as chaotic and terrifying as we all knew it would be. Trump is incompetent and dangerous, as well as an embarrassment on the world stage. Yet, his voters are sticking with him. And Bill Maher, host of HBO s Real Time, thinks he knows why. Remember when Trump said he could shoot someone in the middle of New York City s Fifth Avenue and not lose voters? That s likely true. And Maher has the answer as to why. He said in his  New Rules  segment on Friday night: Trump supporters aren t changing their minds because the problem isn t in the mind. It s lower. It s emotional. He could have Ann Frank s skeleton in his closet. They d all vote for him again. He continued, letting liberals know why facts, vulgarity, incompetence, and any other outrage Trump might commit matters not to his devoted followers: I think it s a gut feeling that the world has changed and they don t like it. Trump is going to change it back to the way it was. Maher then went on to mock Trump voters in a hillbilly affect, saying things like: I ain t no racist, but why does American need to have a black Santa Claus? And did I mention Bruce Jenner has tits now? Returning to his normal voice, Maher explained: I think I speak for most liberals when I say, I don t care about black Santa. I don t think it s going to make the Little Drummer Boy start cutting himself. But to Trump voters, making Santa black is unthinkable. It d be like making Jesus Middle Eastern. Maher concluded, summing up just why Trump voters put him in the White House, despite the fact that he is clearly the last person who should be president: This is why building that stupid wall is still a key issue for them. It represents keeping out not just immigrants but everything that is new and different and scary and unfamiliar. And this is just it. These people don t care what Trump does. He ll make America comfortable for them again, in their minds. There will be no more religions besides Christianity, there will be no LGBTQ rights, black people and other minorities will know their places, women would be in the kitchen and the bedroom where they belong rather than in the boardroom, and white men will control everything again.This is about cultural anxiety and bigotry. It really was, as Van Jones says, a white lash. Therefore, don t try and woo Trump voters away from him with facts. They seriously don t care.Watch Bill Maher s very important message below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1644," Desperate For Guests, Fox News’ O’Reilly Replacement Invites Fabio On To Bash Liberals (VIDEO)","Until today s episode of Tucker Carlson Tonight, this was widely considered the most pathetic thing to ever happen on Fox News:After today, this could very well be the next contender:Fabio: Releasing inmates early will lead to more crime. #Tucker pic.twitter.com/2PZeFb9Z3W  Fox News (@FoxNews) April 29, 2017That would be male model Fabio spewing a word salad about liberals destroying California before getting sidetracked into a protracted rant about the legal system. Fabio has come to the conclusion that America s world record prison population is actually too small. Why is he an expert? His house was broken into once. Tucker Carlson treats Fabio s fact-free musings on criminality as sage advice. Fox News  social media team thought it was such a clever line that they went ahead and promoted it on Twitter.Things are not going well for Fox News.Tucker Carlson replaces Bill O Reilly after the Fox icon was fired for sexual misconduct that spanned decades. Tucker s show has so far managed to retain much of O Reilly s audience, but it s taken less than a week for things to start coming apart at the seams. By inviting disreputable guests like Fabio and Ann Coulter, Tucker has shown he ll aim to be more of a Sean Hannity than a serious newsman. Any chance that Fox News might try to clean itself up has already gone out the window.Sean Hannity, meanwhile, has become completely unglued since losing his boss Roger Ailes and his co-worker Bill O Reilly to sexual harassment violations. Already unstable, Hannity has lost the thread entirely. He s now the paranoid guy wearing a tinfoil hat on the bus.G be i pray this is NOT true because if it is, that's the total end of the FNC as we know it. Done. Best Sean https://t.co/W3BJ2wjzRD  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 27, 2017Somebody HIGH UP AND INSIDE FNC is trying to get an innocent person fired. And Gabe I KNOW WHO it is. Best Sean https://t.co/W3BJ2wjzRD  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 27, 2017O Reilly s other possible replacement, longtime collaborator Jesse Watters, managed to earn himself an O Reilly-esque impromptu  vacation  when he made a sex joke about Ivanka Trump complete with a gross pantomime.I just noticed Jesse Watters jerked his hand up and down slightly as he joked that he liked how Ivanka holds a microphone. pic.twitter.com/I332JcgoMx  David Mack (@davidmackau) April 26, 2017Watters, already a known racist, made his Ivanka sex jokes just days after his former boss was ousted for sexual harassment. Stupid never learns.And then there is the pending lawsuit in which several black former Fox employees allege Fox executives made them armwrestle  for entertainment  along with other humiliating activities.According to the plaintiffs  attorneys, Slater demanded that black employees hold  arm wrestling matches  with white female employees in her office, just down the hall from Ailes s office on the 2nd floor of Fox headquarters.  Forcing a black woman employee to  fight  for the amusement and pleasure of her white superiors is horrifying. This highly offensive and humiliating act is reminiscent of Jim Crow era battle royals,  the letter says, referring to the practice of paying black men to fight blindfolded at carnivals for white spectators  entertainment.What a healthy environment Fox News has created for itself. No wonder they are struggling to find a celebrity more reputable than Fabio to come on their shows and shill for Trump.Featured image via Twitter",0
1645, Dem Senator Goes On HEARTWRENCHING Tweetstorm About Gun Violence During Trump’s NRA Speech,"Donald the Trump went to speak at the NRA s annual meeting today, and his speech was utterly ridiculous. He borrowed a lot of what he said from the rhetoric of an extreme right-wing, anti-government group known as the Three Percenters, including saying that there will be another revolution if the government finds ways to regulate guns.Because that s what the people from the group that donated $30 million to Trump s campaign want to hear. Whenever there s another violent tragedy and guns are involved, we get to hear all about how it happened because not enough people were armed, because it was a gun-free zone, etc. These people think nothing, care nothing, for the lives lost due to gun violence. And Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy has had it.So he went on a devastating tweetstorm today, complete with pictures of children and young adults who have died at the hands of senseless gun violence. Look below:.@realDonaldTrump about to take stage at NRA, to celebrate right of criminals to own guns, to glorify weapons that kill  Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) April 28, 2017Here s my advice. Turn off cable. Don t watch @realDonaldTrump s NRA speech. Instead, think about who we are fighting for.  Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) April 28, 2017Ana Marquez-Greene died at Sandy Hook:Ana M rquez-Greene, age 6 pic.twitter.com/DUIzU3M3mG  Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) April 28, 2017Jessica Ghawi died in the Aurora theater shooting:Jessica Ghawi, age 24 pic.twitter.com/NX2BBOcwn3  Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) April 28, 2017Jordan Davis was shot for the crime of playing loud music and refusing to turn it down outside a convenience store:Jordan Davis, age 17 pic.twitter.com/rVgwGA1xR1  Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) April 28, 2017Benjamin Wheeler also died at Sandy Hook:Benjamin Wheeler, age 6 pic.twitter.com/doMU6ic8jW  Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) April 28, 2017Hadiya Pendleton, who performed at President Obama s second inauguration with her high school band, was gunned down while sheltering from the rain with 12 other teens.Hadiya Pendleton, age 15 pic.twitter.com/BJ0WlPhpti  Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) April 28, 2017Alison Parker was a news producer who was shot by a former co-worker in the middle of a report on live television:Alison Parker, age 24 pic.twitter.com/LiBXk87x6b  Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) April 28, 2017Daniel Barden was another victim of Sandy Hook:Daniel Barden, age 7 pic.twitter.com/mibt5SWKZF  Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) April 28, 2017Christopher Lavell Jones was murdered in his own driveway in Oakland:Christopher Lavell Jones, age 17 pic.twitter.com/LnjSj4Dutu  Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) April 28, 2017Christopher Ross Michaels-Martinez died in Isla Vista, California, at the hands of Elliot Rodger, a 22-year old bent on revenge for girls not giving him sex:Christopher Ross Michaels-Martinez, age 20 pic.twitter.com/45yrCwqKUM  Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) April 28, 2017Terell Bosley was on his way to church in Chicago when he was shot to death:Terrell Bosley, age 18 pic.twitter.com/mpqqGZ5CpG  Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) April 28, 2017And Dylan Hockley, another victim at Sandy Hook:Dylan Hockley, age 6 pic.twitter.com/YWd3RFQPCX  Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) April 28, 2017Murphy ended his tweetstorm with this:That s who we fight for. And with 90% of Americans and 80% of gun owners on our side, we can t lose. Let s get to it.  Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) April 28, 2017But the NRA behaves as though it speaks for all gun owners when it advocates for more guns, more guns, and more guns. Even for criminals, even for people who are a danger to themselves and others.Murhpy s tweetstorm prompted people to share their tragedies, too:@ChrisMurphyCT @realDonaldTrump My niece Michel Rose David, age 23, killed by her ex-boyfriend 12/10/10. pic.twitter.com/QU3GLxu1jQ  Jennifer de Guzman (@Jennifer_deG) April 28, 2017@ChrisMurphyCT @realDonaldTrump My brother, Rory Park-Pettiford, age 22 pic.twitter.com/h2vnTqjZlm  dylan (@dyllyp) April 28, 2017@ChrisMurphyCT @realDonaldTrump I m tweeting for my almost lifelong friend whose 19yo daughter & only child,, Ryanne Mace, was murdered in the NIU mass shooting in 2008.  Cindy D. Perkins (@CindyDPishere) April 28, 2017@CindyDPishere @ChrisMurphyCT @realDonaldTrump I m tweeting for Roy, Nolan, & Brantley Ralston, & Brittney Luark murdered 4/24/13 in Ill.  sue ketterer (@gamstersue) April 28, 2017@ChrisMurphyCT @realDonaldTrump Joseph  Joey   Jo Jo Nice  Gingerella. Age 24 pic.twitter.com/y9c04fIku4  Margaret R. Twitty (@margarettwitty6) April 28, 2017@ChrisMurphyCT @realDonaldTrump George Noble, age 23.https://t.co/0zctLZGwHQ pic.twitter.com/DLmIcJSYXA  Tim (@AltWorldCitizen) April 28, 2017@ChrisMurphyCT @realDonaldTrump Shannon Johnson and 13 others who just went to work one day and never came home. pic.twitter.com/3JcKasLg0A  MPi (@huckchinn) April 28, 2017@ChrisMurphyCT @realDonaldTrump My Mother   Jan Heyne Murdered on May 30th, 2005 pic.twitter.com/NeeEkzfNPE  christian (@IAmOnly1ButIAm1) April 28, 2017The whole thing is just heartbreaking, and people who advocate for less and less regulation in the face of growing gun violence are bereft of empathy and compassion.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
1646, Obama Just CRUSHED Trump’s Lies About His “Winning” Presidency In The BEST Way (DETAILS),"If there s one person that Donald Trump can t STAND to have criticizing him, it s his predecessor, Barack Obama   and Obama just attacked Trump in a way that was pretty damn genius.Last night, at a private event in Manhattan, the former POTUS reminded America of the amazing leader they lost when his second term was up. As Trump continuously blasts him and takes credit for the many accomplishments that he worked hard for, Obama reminded the audience just how resilient and successful Obamacare is   by pointing out that Obamacare now has a higher approval rating than the current president.According to CNN: As Republicans in Washington sputtered again this week in their efforts to undo the law, Obama noted to an audience in midtown Manhattan that  the Affordable Care Act has never been more popular   and it s more popular than the current president,  according to a person in the room who paraphrased the comments. We couldn t have thought of a better way to insult Trump and the Republican Party, especially as their efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act continue to be a disastrous, embarrassing failure.Obamacare, which Trump repeatedly referred to as a  disaster  and  jobs killer , isn t going anywhere thanks to its popularity and the GOP s failure to do any better. Considering that Trump s approval ratings are at a historic low despite its honeymoon period, it s unlikely that any major piece of legislation that he tries to pass will be accepted.It s nice to see that after all the backlash and attacks from Trump and the Republican Party, Obama is reveling in his hard work. The knowledge that his health care bill could not be taken down so easily and is now more appreciated by Americans than the idiot who replaced him in the White House, must be satisfying as hell and Obama has earned the right to gloat about it.Featured image via Zach Gibson / Getty Images",0
1647, Florida Student In Deep Sh*t After Trying To Sell Black Classmates Into Slavery On Craigslist,"Donald Trump hasn t even been President 100 days and already some are apparently forming the idea that it s cool to post slave sale ads on Craigslist.A Florida high school student snapped a photo of two of his African-American classmates sitting at their desks at Fleming Island High School. In a post geotagged to Fleming Island Plantation, a neighborhood in the town, the unnamed student posted an ad to Craigslist: Two healthy negro slavegals for sale. Good condition and hard work ethic! If you need another pair of hands around the farm/house, you re in luck! One of the victims  sister tweeted an image of the ad:This is what happened to my sister (in the blue) who attends Fleming Island High School in Jacksonville, FL. This is NOT OKAY AT ALL!!! pic.twitter.com/vhhGyZZ5aP  yossiana (@yossiana22) April 27, 2017 I never thought somebody would do this to me. I had friends texting and calling me,  senior Skye Fefee, one of the students in the photo, says.  Everyone started tagging me in the post, and then my mom saw it and was disturbed by it  I was really upset about it because Fleming Island is known for racial slurs. This school year someone wrote on the toilets,  whites only. The student who posted the ad was suspended for a meager ten days, but was referred to an alternative school by the principal. The school board will ultimately decide whether to remove the student, send him to alternative school permanently, or expel him.Superintendent Addison Davis issued a statement in response encouraging parents to take the time to inform their kids that it s not cool at all to sell your classmates into slavery: We do not tolerate this type of behavior and we are disheartened that any of our students would be subject to discrimination. Fleming Island High School administration and district leadership are working together to create a schoolwide plan of action to strengthen the climate and culture while celebrating the school s diversity. We encourage parents and guardians to take the time to talk to their child about this important matter. Feefee says she wants to see the person who posted this expelled, adding that the administration  doesn t pay attention  to this sort of behavior regularly.Donald Trump s election has allowed racists to express themselves as never before, as he has filled his administration with white supremacists, Nazis, and other assorted fascists, racists, and utter scumbags.What a great example for our kids.Watch a news report below:Featured image via screengrab",0
1648, WATCH: Jake Tapper Rips Michael Flynn for His Hypocrisy,"This has not been a good week for Michael Flynn. According to a letter from the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) to the House Committee on Government Reform and Oversight, Flynn never received permission to receive permission for the monies he was paid by both Russian and Turkish governments.The Emoluments Clause of the U.S. Constitution, article I, section 9, clause 8, as interpreted in Comptroller General opinions and by the Department of Justice Office of Legal Counsel, prohibits receipt of consulting fees, gifts, travel expenses, honoraria, or salary by all retired military personnel, officer and enlisted, regular and reserve, from a foreign government unless congressional consent is first obtained. Consent is provided by Congress under 37 U.S.C. 908, which requires advance approval from the relevant service secretary and the Secretary of State before accepting employment, consulting fees, gifts, travel expenses, honoraria, or salary from a foreign government.   Accordingly, if you are ever in a position where you would receive an emolument from a foreign government or from an entity that might be controlled by a foreign government, be sure to obtain advance approval from the Army prior to acceptance.  (emphasis in original)To recap: Flynn broke the law, lied about why he was fired and was never really vetted by the Trump administration prior to becoming the President s National Security Advisor. He says he was fired from the military because he called the enemies of the United States  jihadis.  The military says he was fired for not listening to orders, being abusive to staff and going against policy. He was warned in 2014 to not accept payments from Russia or Turkey but he went ahead and did it anyway.If you have any doubts as to why the Emoluments Clause is so important, you only have to read the op-ed Flynn wrote in November 2016 about Turkey. While he was on the Turkish payroll he wrote,  We need to adjust our foreign policy to recognize Turkey as a priority. We need to see the world from Turkey s perspective. The good news is Flynn is out of the administration. Now the Trump administration needs to release everything it used to vet him.Featured image via Kevin Hagen/Getty Images.",0
1649, Man Attacks Lexington Student With Machete For Not Being A Republican,"A student at Transylvania University was injured she was attacked by a man wielding a machete. The attacker, identified as Mitchell Adkins, entered a cafe on campus and started asking people what their political party affiliation was. In addition to the machete, he had a bag that was filled with knives. Mark Barnard, the police chief, said the victim was taken to the hospital and is expected to make a full recovery. Classes at the university were cancelled for the rest of the day.Of the victim, Transylvania University President Seamus Carey said she  is safe and her family is with her at the University of Kentucky Hospital. Adkins, who may be a former student at the school, was also taken to the hospital to be evaluated. A guy came in, banged something, a hatchet or an ax, on the table and said  the day of reckoning has come. He asked somebody what their political affiliation was, they said  Republican  and the guy said  you are safe.  And then I realized what was going on and started getting people out,  said Tristan Reynolds, another student who was in the coffee shop at the time of the attack. He reported that there were between 30 and 40 people in the cafe at the time.  We started to scatter and then very, very quickly campus security was getting everybody sheltered and secure. They were very on it. The cafe is popular with students. They like to go there for breakfast and coffee, according to Reynolds, who is the editor of The Rambler, the Transylvania student paper. One thing that sets this cafe apart is its open floor plan.The coffee shop, which is inside the Glenn Building, has an open floor plan and is a popular spot for students to get coffee and breakfast, Reynolds said. He is the editor-in-chief of the Transylvania student newspaper, The Rambler, and was with other members of the paper s staff at the cafe at time of the attack.Lexington police, along with the security officers for the University of Transylvania, were given active shooter training a few weeks ago. This exercise also went onto how to lock down sites and the best way to keep students, faculty and staff safe. Seamus Carey, the president of the university said,  They ve always been amazing and today they proved their worth again. They were there immediately. They saved what could have been a much more disastrous situation and I d also like to commend the Lexington police for responding immediately as well. Adkins has a history of complaining about discrimination against conservatives. He wrote a letter to the student paper in which he said,  Being a Republican in this school makes me such a minority that I ve had to face discrimination on a daily basis. Transylvania is a predominantly Democratic school. I m always happy to listen to other people s opinions, but as soon as I give my own, I m called a  bigot,  an  a -le,  some even go as far as  fascist Nazi. ",0
1650, Watch Reporter’s Face As He Recounts Trump Going Full-Narcissist During Oval Office Interview (VIDEO),"On his 100th day in office, a listless Donald Trump sat down with Reuters to talk about his accomplishments. As fate would have it, Trump had just been told that two servicemembers had been killed in an anti-ISIS raid in Afghanistan, his re-re-remade healthcare bill was dead on arrival, and his plans to build a wall were going up in flames. But he had other things on his mind. For Donald Trump, every day is November 8th, 2016.To the three reporters, Trump passed out a printed picture of the United States, with counties he won in the election colored in red.More than five months after his victory and two days shy of the 100-day mark of his presidency, the election is still on Trump s mind. Midway through a discussion about Chinese President Xi Jinping, the president paused to hand out copies of what he said were the latest figures from the 2016 electoral map. Here, you can take that, that s the final map of the numbers,  the Republican president said from his desk in the Oval Office, handing out maps of the United States with areas he won marked in red.  It s pretty good, right? The red is obviously us. Later he posed for photos, insisting on holding up the map. (Note: Trump s White House photographer, who formerly worked in the Bush White House, likes to take pictures of Trump from really far away. It s unclear exactly why.)So this happened today  pic.twitter.com/UqtgvoyIRj  SalenaZito (@SalenaZito) April 28, 2017here's a pic from reuters of Trump with the electoral maps he showed to reporters yesterday pic.twitter.com/1X3edpeJDQ  Gideon Resnick (@GideonResnick) April 28, 2017Reporter Jeff Mason recounted the surreal moment the President of the United States interrupted questions on North Korea and China to brag about a map of the election he had won more than 5 months earlier. His expressions cycle from disbelief to pity to humor and back to disbelief.CNN s Chris Cuomo asked the reporters the obvious question: Is Trump really so insecure that he still feels he has to prove that he won the election? Mason said it could be a lot of factors (all troubling from a mental health standpoint): I think that s a good question and it s hard for me to answer that. I think he just wanted to relish in the fact that this map, uh, looks good for him and he said  the red is obviously us  and the red are areas in the country that he won. So he s just very proud of it. And whether that s rooted in a sense that he still has to prove that he won or that he s upset that the media got it wrong in terms of the predictions ahead of time it s hard for me to say. Trump, a 70-year-old billionaire, craves the attention one might give a child for a project they made in art class. He may as well have asked the reporters to pin the map up on their refrigerator doors.Making it even more clear that Trump is suddenly feeling very small, he later admitted that being president is really hard, and it s not as fun as his old life. The fact that running the country wouldn t be as easy as being a semi-retired billionaire and reality tv show host was something that apparently never occurred to Trump prior to being elected. I loved my previous life. I had so many things going. This is more work than in my previous life. I thought it would be easier. At least he s got his map.Featured image via CNN",0
1651," While Scott Baio’s Battle With Erin Moran’s Family Continues, His Wife Defends His ‘Size’","Erin Moran s family members must have really upset former  Happy Days  star Scott Baio and his wife because now Chachi s penis size is being defended.Trump fan Scott Baio weighed in on Moran s death, saying he was  not completely shocked  by his former co-star s death and added that if  you do drugs or drink, you re gonna die. I m sorry if that s cold, but God gave you a brain, gave you the will to live and thrive and you gotta take care of yourself. However, Moran died from cancer, not drugs. And Baio s ignorance about drug addiction is stunning.So, Moran s brother Tony and her cousin, Roy, wasn t too pleased. Baio was called a  d*ck head  and  a scumbag coward piece of shit! On Facebook, Tony Moran wrote:A special shout out to Scott Baio. I already went on Twitter about you. I hope it finds you. You and my lil sis had a very very brief fling. She dumped you. 2 reasons. 1. She told me that you were more like a lil girl and not a man. 2. She told me that you were tiny. Ya know. Barely a man in the man region. True story! Scott, I d advise you to get on your knees and pray you never run into me.In what The Daily Beast notes as an  inability to know when to maintain a dignified silence,  Renee Baio came to the defense of her husband s penis size.Renee tweeted,  Why would a sister tell her brother about the size of boyfriend s manhood? Creepy at best. SB was a playboy for a reason!  We took a screenshot knowing she might delete it or lock down her account and as a surprise to no one ever, her tweets are now protected.So now Mrs. Baio is calling Erin Moran  creepy.  When her defense of Chachi s penis size is, but he  was a playboy 4 a reason,  then she is bringing his manhood into question again. Sometimes silence is the better option. Chachi never grew up and he apparently married a child. Both of them are staunch Trump supporters, by the way. Chachi loves Trump. As for Renee, the E-list celebrity s wife, she s as much of an idiot as her husband. She s taken to Facebook to launch rants in defense of her husband by using homophobic slurs against a website then declaring that Scott has  more class in his piss than all of you all.  Classy.Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1652," Rich A**hole Ran For President Thinking It Would Be An ‘Easy’ Job, Gets HUMILIATED By Reality","Donald Trump seriously thought having the hardest job on Earth would be  easy.  LOL!After 100 days on the job, many of which Trump spent at his lavish Florida resort playing golf, Trump stated during an interview with Reuters that he thought the presidency would be an easy job that he could just sail through.Trump complained about how his current job requires him to do much more work than he is accustomed to doing and waxed nostalgic about his life before taking over the White House. I loved my previous life. I had so many things going,  Trump said.  This is more work than in my previous life. I thought it would be easier. This demonstrates just how woefully unprepared Trump was to become president. And it certainly shows.After all, Trump s administration has been a complete failure only three months in.His unconstitutional executive actions on immigration have been blocked by federal judges. His effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act went down in flames, much to the relief of millions of Americans. His environmental record is a disaster. He still denies science and is cutting funding to scientific agencies and organizations. He has alienated our allies while continuing to praise Russia and Putin. He is embroiled in an ever-growing scandal. And he has turned America into a laughingstock around the world.And that s just the tip of the iceberg as Trump threatens World War III over North Korea and a government shutdown looms because he refuses to negotiate with Democrats.The only president who has had an arguably worse first 100 days is William Henry Harrison and that s only because he died 30 days into his presidency. But at least he didn t embarrass the nation and destroy it from within.The fact is that being president is a tough job. It s also a lonely job. There s a reason why presidents go grey during their years in office. It s a stressful job. Every decision made affects the nation and the world. Maybe if Trump spent less time golfing, tweeting, and watching cable news he would know that being president means working with Congress, including Democrats. Instead, Trump would rather act like a dictator and just sign executive orders between tee times and whine when he doesn t get his way.Clearly, Trump doesn t know what hard work is.Featured Image: Tom Pennington/Getty Images",0
1653, Team Trump Refuses to Turn Over Key Vetting Documents on Flynn,"What did he know and when did he know it? These iconic questions are swirling around President Donald Trump and his former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn. With the new revelations that received money from both the Russian and Turkish governments, it appears Team Trump is either about as incompetent as many critics believe or liked Flynn enough to overlook clear violations of the U.S. Constitution and the law. The U.S. Constitution prohibits members of the military from taking any money from foreign governments. Despite this, Flynn registered as a foreign agent after he left the administration. No title of nobility shall be granted by the United States: and no person holding any office of profit or trust under them, shall, without the consent of the Congress, accept of any present, emolument, office, or title, of any kind whatever, from any king, prince, or foreign state. Even retired members of the military can be called back at any time so it is important that there be no conflict of interest. As a lobbyist for Turkey, earning hundreds of thousands of dollars a year, it is hard to see how Flynn could have anything but such a conflict. Both the Department of Defense and the House Committee on Government Reform and Oversight are looking into Flynn. The problem is that Team Trump is refusing to turn over the documents they used to vet the former general.Congressman Elijah Cummings (D-MD) was not happy with this situation. The ranking member on that committee said,  I honestly do not understand why the White House is covering up for Michael Flynn. It makes the American people think the White House has something to hide. There is obviously a paper trail that the White House does not want our committee to follow. For its part, the Department of Defense s inspector general is looking into Flynn s association with Russia and Turkey. He had been warned by the agency against taking these payments.The White House has had several explanations for why it is not turning over what they used to vet Flynn. They claim they do not have anything that was used before January 20. They then claim that the documents they have are  too sensitive  to turn over. When all of that didn t work, they fell back on an old standby. They blamed President Obama. The Obama administration fired Flynn.White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said this,  My only point is that when General Flynn came into the White House he had an active security clearance issued during the Obama administration with all of the information that s being discussed that occurred in 2015. So, I guess my only point is to explain how the process works and who adjudicated that. After Flynn was fired, Trump stood by him calling Flynn  a good man  and blaming the media for his departure from the administration. Flynn says he told Team Trump of his dealings with Turkey. It seems they knew about what Flynn was doing and just didn t understand how serious it was and what the implications for our national security are. It will be impossible to know without a subpoena.Featured image via Mark Makela/Getty Images.",0
1654, Seth Meyers Torches Trump’s NAFTA Flip-Flop With Awesomely Dirty Joke (VIDEO),"Late Night host Seth Meyers regularly has a high old time making fun of the incompetence of Donald Trump and his administration during his  A Closer Look  monologues. On Thursday night, the subject was Trump s complete position change on the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). During the campaign, Trump had repeatedly called NAFTA a  disaster,  but all it took was a couple of phone calls from Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto to get Trump to decide that the trade deal wasn t so bad after all.Meyers made fun of the whole thing by returning to his jokes prior to Trump s election, saying many of them are now reality, starting with: If we elect Trump we re going to end up fighting with Canada! Ha! Thanks to Trump s earlier threats to rip up NAFTA, Canada s  softwood lumber  exports became a hot topic. This was a golden opportunity for Meyers, who insisted there would be no jokes about male anatomy, but then he proceeded to make them anyway, saying: I m just saying that Donald Trump does not want to be slapped with soft-Canadian wood so he s clamping down on it. Meyers then went all in on the idea that Canada is deliberately axing prices of soft lumber   a process he referred to as  stumpage.  He continued: This is all very confusing for Trump because  stumpage  is his nickname for Donald Jr. As for the overall defeat of Trump s NAFTA termination promise? That was the best joke of all, when Meyers ended with a total zinger: Something tells me this isn t the first time Trump has had to pull out because of soft wood. HaHa, probably not. Then again, that s why he and all of those other old GOP men insist that health insurance always includes Viagra coverage.Watch the mockery below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1655, Courts Decide Conspiracy Nut Alex Jones Is Too Crazy To Raise His Own Kids (DETAILS),"Alex Jones of the conspiracy theory website Infowars has made a literal career of spreading fake news and acting like a lunatic. It now seems that said career has come back to really bite him in the ass, since Jones just lost a court battle with his wife regarding which parent is most fit to raise their children. After more than nine hours of considering the merits of Jones  case, a jury returned, giving the estranged couple joint custody of the three children. Despite having joint custody, though, Jones  ex, Kelly Jones, will have most of the power.Prior to this battle, Alex Jones had the kids living with him, with their mother s rights being severely curtailed. She was only allowed supervised visits before. The reasons for this are unclear. She said tearfully to the press: I m so blessed to have such a wonderful support system and I just pray that what s happened to my family that people can understand what parental alienation syndrome is and get an awareness of it so we can stop this from happening to others. A lawyer for Kelly Jones, Robert Hoffman, said of Alex Jones: Mr. Jones is like a cult leader. And we ve seen the horrific damage cult leaders do to their followers. Indeed he is. Alex Jones whips his paranoid, ignorant followers up into a frenzy and makes them believe all kinds of tomfoolery. He has promoted the idea that the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting never happened, that 9/11 was actually carried out by the United States government, and all kinds of other craziness, and his rabid audience believes every word of it. Definitely, such a person should not be influencing children.  At any rate, it is good to see that jury made the right choice here, and hopefully Kelly Jones can undo whatever damage her estranged husband did to those poor children.Featured image via screen capture from Infowars",0
1656, Trump Put An American Flag On His Birthday Tweet To Melania – There’s Just ONE Problem (TWEETS),"It seems that Donald Trump is often incapable of avoiding really stupid, but public, mistakes on Twitter. Oftentimes those are spelling errors, and sometimes they re factual errors, but sometimes they re just bizarre. April 26 is Melania s birthday, and to look like a good husband, he tweeted a happy birthday message to her. Across the bottom of the image is a banner that reads,  First Lady Melania Trump 4.26.2017,  with an American flag.HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our @FLOTUS, Melania! https://t.co/rYYp51mxDQ pic.twitter.com/np7KYHglSv  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 26, 2017See the problem? The flag on that banner there never existed. It only has 39 stars   the U.S. has never had a 39-star flag. In 1889, flag makers were making 39-star flags in anticipation of North and South Dakota becoming states, but they thought that they would be admitted as one state, not two. In addition, three other states were added to the Union in 1890. We went from 38 states to 43, which made the 39-star flag useless before it was even official.As is always the case, Twitter locked onto the fact that the man in the White House, who holds the highest office in the land, tweeted a fake flag:@christinawilkie @chrislhayes @FLOTUS @eventsforgood How soon before we find out a 39-star American flag is some sort of alt-right meme?  Greg Saunders (@waltisfrozen) April 27, 2017The US flag in Trump s tweet is missing 11 stars; it only has 39. h/t @christinawilkie (https://t.co/05dwk78JSD) pic.twitter.com/nvyuOBT3Eu  southpaw (@nycsouthpaw) April 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @mauriciomacri @WhiteHouse @HillaryClinton Did he tell you that there are actually 50 stars on the American flag, not 39?https://t.co/pTB5Dy5PUn pic.twitter.com/sAkF5V8rgQ  ? Dustin Miller ? (@spdustin) April 27, 2017There are only 39 stars on that flag, is pre-1889 the last time America was great? pic.twitter.com/R5f2EtusYq  Daniel Holland (@DannyDutch) April 27, 2017@christinawilkie @FLOTUS @eventsforgood Oh my god. WE NEVER EVEN HAD A 39 STAR FLAG. ND (39) and SD (40) Were admitted on the SAME DAMN DAY.  Taylor (@DizzyCars) April 27, 2017There are only 39 stars on that flag, sir. https://t.co/KATgoLIQUv  Dan Zak (@MrDanZak) April 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS What s with the 39 stars on this flag? #FALSENEWS #IDIOTINCHEIF  DMen (@dmenkens) April 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS 39 stars on flag bro. And ur responsible for the nuclear football???!  TheWood (@TheWood52925) April 27, 2017So apparently #DonaldTrump s tweet had a flag with only 39 stars on it. Is he giving us a hint of what s to come or something? https://t.co/AVPHcTUx3u  Politics Village (@PoliticsVillage) April 27, 2017@ALT_uscis And there s a 39-star flag being featured on official WH documents! His plan is to save money by eliminating STATES. Like Hawaii. Now PR?  actor1 (@Actor1) April 27, 2017THE IDIOT THINKS THE FLAG ONLY HAS 39 STARS Even DT s birthday tweet to Melania has a factual error it in https://t.co/KDu5zmWHjf via  S. Best-James, Ph.D. (@JoylynBest) April 27, 2017@Brasilmagic It s brutal finding a clipart flag with 50 stars. The hilarious part is you probably have to work pretty hard to find one with 39. ??  Terry Hannan (@terryhannan) April 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS why are there only 39 stars in that flag? what 11 states are you removing for her birthday?  TJ Liwanag (@TimothyJLiwanag) April 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS Really, a 39 star flag. Someone on your staff needs to purge his computer, since this is 2nd time this has happened  Lewis Shatzer (@Shatzer667192) April 27, 2017Maybe the 39-star flag is the last one that Russia recognizes. https://t.co/ENenQx2hGS  CharlieL (@CharlieLevenson) April 27, 2017LOL   what s worse is that the flag has NEVER had 39 stars, on July 4th 1890 it went from 38 to 43 stars w/ addition of ID MT WA ND SD #USA https://t.co/tcenf9u70j  Lonnie H. (@dcufan) April 27, 2017Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
1657," After Pepsi Botched Its Ad Campaign, Heineken Gets Theirs Exactly Right (VIDEO)","A few weeks ago, Pepsi decided to try to bridge the racial divide with what someone must have thought was a great idea. They ran an ad featuring Kendall Jenner, who, in the ad, tried to show police and African-Americans that their lives matter by letting a cop drink Pepsi.Here it is:The internet hated it (which might have been the point):Within 48 hours the video got nearly 1.6 million views on YouTube (five times as many downvotes as upvotes), and Twitter and Facebook lit up with people pointing out just how gauche the whole thing was. Activist DeRay Mckesson called it  trash,  adding  If I had carried Pepsi I guess I never would ve gotten arrested. Who knew?  People made memes (some even reaching back and evoking Pepper Spray Cop). And, rightfully, many folks pointed out that using protest imagery in order to peddle soda particularly images that evoked the photo of Ieshia Evans facing down police in Baton Rouge, Louisiana last year was pretty tasteless. It was one of the few times the internet ever agreed on anything.Source: WiredWhether in response to Pepsi s ad that never should have been, or whether this began organically, Heineken beer had their own version of an ad that addresses the political divide, but they got it right.In an experiment, they had complete strangers who would hate each other under normal circumstances, and put them in situations that created bonding. Guess how it ends. Here it is:It won the internet..@Heineken just dropped an ad that actually brings people together   Pepsi, take note #OpenYourWorld https://t.co/e72swZQQp6  Hayley Jones (@meetmissjoness) April 27, 2017Brilliant. @Heineken. https://t.co/9ZAe83adOx pic.twitter.com/gIWy1440gn  Navid Mokhberi (@navidmg) April 27, 2017Watch Heineken School Pepsi on How To Advertise to Gen Z (It s A Lesson For Every Brand) https://t.co/BHkn7rv8I3 pic.twitter.com/orYR4q9OTg  ?DENKYUU MEDIA? (@DenkyuuMedia) April 27, 2017Omg can we be a Heineken school instead of a Pepsi school  stretched thin (@DomzNoriega) April 27, 2017Well done, @Heineken. Can we put a bar inside Congress, please? https://t.co/bKqS3CWI94  Ignacio Contreras (@IgnacioTechie) April 27, 2017It even got the attention of some celebrities:This is brilliant. This is what it s ALL ABOUT. Go @Heineken https://t.co/EdYp9opkmR  Sarah Silverman (@SarahKSilverman) April 26, 2017Not everyone loved it, though.That heineken ad never ok to out a trans person. We could LITERALLY be assaulted, murdered, raped, lose jobs etc b/c you opened your mouth  TheBlackDorianGray (@QueeringPsych) April 27, 2017Even with a few dissenters (we found one), the ad did what it set out to do   bridge divides.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
1658," Paul Ryan BREAKS DOWN, Admits GOP’s Trumpcare Bill Is A Massive Failure (VIDEO)","The Republican Party has had it rough. Not only have they had to admit that their presidential candidate, Donald Trump, is an absolute nut job who can t do anything right, but their attempt to replace Obamacare has been just as much of a failure.The GOP has spent several years whining and moaning about how they would like to replace Obama s Affordable Care Act, despite the fact that a majority of Americans are in favor of keeping it. But once they finally had their chance to prove they could do better with Trump in the White House, they blew it.Recently at his weekly press conference, House Speaker Paul Ryan was asked if the House would vote on Trumpcare before Trump reached his first 100-day marker. Ryan s response was nothing short of absolute defeat and despair as he admitted that the GOP s horrible healthcare bill didn t have enough votes to pass. Ryan said: We want to go when we re ready to go. This has been a very organic bottom up process. It takes time to do that. We re doing big things, and you know me, I talked about 200 days because I thought the kind of agenda we re attempting to put together here overhauling health care, overhauling the tax system, rebuilding our military, securing the border. Those take more than just a few months. They take a long time, at least a year, so that s why we re working on the path to get it right, and not constrain it to some artificial deadline. What Ryan gave was a lot of excuses, along with his admission that he can t pass Trumpcare because there aren t enough votes to support a disastrous bill that would strip millions of Americans of their life-saving health insurance. It s entirely possible that the GOP will never have enough votes to make Trumpcare a thing, and Ryan s words are just as much empty promises as Trump s are.You can watch Ryan admit defeat below:Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images",0
1659, Beyond Parody: Sean Spicer Blames Obama For Trump Hiring Foreign Agent Michael Flynn (VIDEO),"With questions mounting, Sean Spicer finally found an answer as to why Donald Trump hired known foreign agent and possible criminal Michael Flynn to be his National Security Advisor: It s Obama s fault.The Trump White House came up with their excuse seemingly overnight. Prior to Spicer s comments, the administration flailed for months. Meanwhile, Flynn s actions and Trump s cover up of them have swelled into a firestorm. Reporters have discovered that the now-fired Flynn was working for the Turkish government while on Trump s campaign, that Flynn told Trump s team that he was engaged in this illegal activity, and that the Pentagon had warned Flynn to cut it out as early as 2014.Former national security adviser Michael Flynn was warned by the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2014 against accepting foreign payments as he entered retirement, according to new documents obtained by the House oversight committee.A final nail in Flynn s coffin when it was learned that he was also accepting money from RT, the state-sponsored television station which largely operates as a propaganda tool for the Russian government. Flynn hid these payments, adding an additional level of wrongdoing.None of which stopped Trump from hiring Flynn as his top military advisor, defending him for weeks, then ultimately saying he didn t think Flynn had done anything wrong despite his resignation. Trump, who once boasted that he only hired the best people, has predictably decided to blame Obama rather than accept responsibility. A sad pattern that he leans on for many of his failings.Asked about Mike Flynn s vetting by the Trump team, Spicer blames the Obama admin. for renewing Flynn s security clearance years before pic.twitter.com/iPkuxA7uCu  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) April 27, 2017Spicer:General Flynn was a career military officer who maintained a high level security clearance throughout his career in the military. His clearance was last reissued by the Obama administration in 2016 with full knowledge of his activities.Spicer overlooks the fact that the military actually forced Flynn out in disgrace that same year for being  disruptive  and a warmonger who didn t listen to his superiors. He also overlooks that Trump, who by then knew of Flynn s history, decided to hire him as a full-time surrogate for his campaign, host him at the RNC (where Flynn led  lock her up  chants), then promoted him to National Security Advisor once elected.Trump is a natural born scam artist but this desperate stab at passing the buck will be a hard sell even to his most ardent supporters.Featured image via Twitter",0
1660, Fox News Host Jesse Watters Takes ‘Vacation’ After Disgusting Comments About Ivanka Trump,"Remember when Bill O Reilly took a vacation after his sexual harassment payoffs went public? Well, let s hope Jesse Watters  vacation is permanent, too.Watters is a product of Bill O Reilly s former Fox News program. The racist and sexist segments known as Watters  World often targeted specific groups in a sick and twisted version of right-wing  humor. From there, Watters was promoted as a guest host and just days after beginning a full-time gig on The Five, he is already taking time off after making a crude oral sex joke about Ivanka Trump on the air.While discussing Trump being jeered and booed in Germany for hypocritically talking about empowerment of women, Watters complained about liberals attacking Ivanka and characterized those attacks as anti-women even though what liberals are criticizing for is her blatant hypocrisy. Ivanka claims to be a champion for women s rights but stands idly by while her father signs executive orders reducing protections for women. In short, she is complicit by staying silent.Anyway, Watters couldn t control himself and ended up making a sex joke about Ivanka only days after Bill O Reilly was fired for sexual harassment. And his joke came just after whining about how liberals are supposedly  disrespecting  women by booing Ivanka. I really like the way she is speaking into that microphone,  Watters said while gesturing with his hands, implying that he s talking about oral sex.Here s the video via YouTube.Watters later tried to cover his ass by claiming that he was merely talking about her voice. On air I was referring to Ivanka s voice and how it resonates like a smooth jazz radio DJ,  Watters wrote.  This was in no way a joke about anything else. Viewers of Watters  words and actions drew sharp criticism, especially from conservative writer John Podheretz, who referred to Watters as a  disgusting creep. You are so full of shit it s coming out your ears, you disgusting creep. https://t.co/1cnrfc8rDC  John Podhoretz (@jpodhoretz) April 26, 2017And now Watters is going on a  vacation  for the rest of the week.Again, Watters was only on his third day on the job as a full-time host of The Five and he couldn t control himself from making a crude sex joke about a woman. He demonstrated perfectly that the sexist environment at Fox News has not changed at all. It s merely been taken over by younger frat boys.If Fox News is serious about changing the culture at their network, they should make sure Watters stays on  vacation. Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1661, Trump Administration Admits That Latest Executive Order Was Nothing But An Empty Photo Op (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is quickly closing in on his first 100 days in office, and despite his many, many promises of accomplishments during this presidential milestone, he s accomplished zilch other than a handful of executive orders that would help make America and the world a living stinkhole. So what does Trump, whose ever and only a showman do? He holds photo ops, where he holds up oversized documents to show off his cartoonish signature.His latest executive order was the type of empty photo op you d expect from a game show host, not from a president, because it literally did nothing. It was supposed to empower education secretary, Betsy DeVos to screw with Washington, D.C. public schools in much the same way as Trump is allowing oil companies to screw with our environment. Why just D.C.? Because they are the only school district within the purview of the federal government and not the states. So, every time Republicans want to bully people of color, they go after Washington, D.C. Fortunately for the school children, though, this executive order was about as toothless as the average Fox News viewer, as Senior Department of Education official Rob Goad admitted:Q You said at the top that this executive order would empower the Secretary to modify or get rid of any regulations that don t comply with law. How will that process work?MR. GOAD: So I think at the end of 300 days, and after we have produced a report, we will make those decisions once the report has concluded.Q So is she empowered to modify the regulations as needed, or is that going to be a separate process entirely?MR. GOAD: The executive order gives her   empowers her to modify anything that is inconsistent with federal law.Q Isn t she already empowered to do those things? This executive order doesn t give her those powers, right?MR. GOAD: That s right.Source: ShareBlueThat, apparently, was too much transparency for the administration. Goad was prompted to shut down the press conference right after that question.",0
1662, Americans TORCH Hypocrite GOP Lawmaker For Using Affordable Care Act To Get Major Surgery Before Leaving Office,"Donald Trump and the Republican Congress are busy trying to shred healthcare for the rest of us, but one Republican lawmaker is using Obamacare to get major surgery before he leaves office.Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz has been outspoken about the Republican effort to kill the Affordable Care Act. He s been salivating at doing so for years. He calls it a failed program that has done nothing but hurt the American people.But while he s busy trying to repeal the landmark healthcare law, he has no problem using it himself.Earlier this month, Chaffetz announced that he would not seek re-election after his current term expires. However, he s going to make sure he sucks as much healthcare out of American taxpayers as he can before he officially leaves.Chaffetz posted a message to Facebook on Wednesday night informing his constituents that he will be getting major surgery on his foot and will be taking the next 3-4 weeks offChaffetz seriously expects us to understand and give a damn about his situation. The problem is that he lacks sympathy and empathy when it comes to ordinary Americans who can t afford such surgeries and the amount of recovery time required.And if Republicans succeed at killing the Affordable Care Act, Americans will be at serious risk of not having health insurance to cover such medical procedures.Chaffetz, on the other hand, is using his gold level health insurance under the Affordable Care Act to cover his surgery. So he is literally using the Affordable Care Act to make sure his healthcare needs are met, and after he has no further use for it he ll vote to kill the law for everyone else.Americans were not happy about this hypocrisy, so they stormed Chaffetz s Twitter page and hammered him for it.@jasoninthehouse And you re going to use this as a teachable moment as to why coverage for pre-existing conditions and paid health leave is important, yes?  Patrick S. Tomlinson (@stealthygeek) April 27, 2017@jasoninthehouse So what you MEAN to say is:  Even though I ve screwed America s democracy for years, y all are paying for my surgery. Thanks, suckers!  ? Dustin Miller ? (@spdustin) April 27, 2017@spdustin @jasoninthehouse To remove screws. Which is a pre existing condition. How ironic when he takes away our ability to do the same.  Benedict Trump (@antitrumpactive) April 27, 2017@antitrumpactive @jasoninthehouse I guess @jasoninthehouse is the lucky one. He gets to be un-screwed by healthcare. https://t.co/JeRYwRZifz  ? Dustin Miller ? (@spdustin) April 27, 2017@antitrumpactive @nativepuma @flyaway47 @spdustin @jasoninthehouse Step aside. I ve found a nurse with real skill, experience, and a delightful bedside manner: pic.twitter.com/sxgnAkLWWH  Kiba Inu (@Aryan_Shepherd) April 27, 2017@Alli_Cloud @jasoninthehouse I bet they hold his job for him! He must just work harder than everyone else cause he gets this AND a cell phone!!!  Zztaine (@feminit4equipar) April 27, 2017@jasoninthehouse While you re recovering think about ordinary Americans who will lose coverage for pre-existing conditions LIKE THIS. Was this a CHOICE?  I ll ride with you? (@mrshellwinger) April 27, 2017@jasoninthehouse You selling your iPhone to pay for this? Or are my tax dollars paying for your stupidity  Jeremy M (@thismyshow) April 27, 2017@jasoninthehouse Try doing that with no health insurance. At almost 60, I have NEVER gone without it. @GOP wants to price me out of the market. For shame.  Katharine Orgain (@orgainkorgain) April 27, 2017@jasoninthehouse Gee. Most of us would have to commute to work on crutches soon after surgery so we could keep our jobs.  amy sacks (@amysacksnyc) April 27, 2017And to sum it all up @jasoninthehouse pic.twitter.com/iyznsW2ruW  Petworthian (@Petworthnewvie) April 27, 2017Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1663," White House Staffer Admits, “This S***’s Hard” As The Trump Administration Faces Steep Learning Curve","It is no secret that President Donald Trump et al had no idea what they were getting into when they took over the White House in January. Despite announcing,  In theory I could run my business perfectly and then run the country perfectly,  (he made this comment last November) Team Trump seems barely able to find their way to work every day. As the 100 day mark looms, it seems White House staffers are starting to get the enormity of the job.Politico interviewed numerous people within the administration to get their take on how things are going within the administration. Perhaps one aide put it best when he said this,  I kind of pooh-poohed the experience stuff when I first got here but this shit is hard. For his part, Trump does not seem to understand the scope of some of his failures, such as with health care reform or his inability to have any major legislation passed but it looks like the people around him are starting to get it. They are in a tough spot. They have to do their jobs to the best of their ability but are hampered by a president who refuses to give up any of his free time and puts more stock in opinions he sees on cable news than what he gets in his security briefings.This has forced Trump s aides to change their tactics. One high level official told Politico, You don t walk in with a traditional presentation, like a binder or a PowerPoint. He doesn t care. He doesn t consume information that way. You go in and tell him the pros and cons, and what the media coverage is going to be like. One big hurdle White House staffers face is how to control Trump. One person who is close to the administration said,  It s not like the White House doesn t have a plan to fill his time productively but at the end of the day he s in charge of his schedule. He does not like being managed. Despite the possibility that the White House staffers are more aware of the challenges they face, some upsetting facts remain. Many high level positions remain unfilled. Neither Secretary of State Rex Tillerson nor Secretary of Defense James Mattis have deputies. Most ambassadorships are empty. The problem is not just that Team Trump doesn t know how to deal with Congress, it s that they simply do not know how to govern.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1664, WATCH: The Simpsons Brutally Parodies Trump’s First 100 Days,"The long running cartoon, The Simpsons, will offer its take on President Donald Trump s first 100 days in office. In this clip, he is depicted counting up all of his accomplishments while sitting in bed. What are they? He has  lowered my gold handicap  and  added 700 new Twitter followers.  The clip also shows him replacing Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsberg with his daughter, Ivanka.The show is not only the longest running animated series on television; it is the longest running prime time program with a script. It first aired on December 12, 1988.Politics has been a common theme on the show. The Simpsons predicted a Trump presidency. Back in 2000, the show had Lisa Simpson taking over from a President Trump. Their take on the impact such a thing would have on the country was not good as Lisa was going to  focus on the the R s; reading, writing and refilling the oceans. Featured image via screen capture.",0
1665, Dem Lawmaker Out-Trolls Internet Troll By Calling His Grandmother (IMAGE),"The Internet can be a vicious place and an openly gay lawmaker has gotten used to being the recipient of homophobic slurs. On Wednesday morning, Pennsylvania House Rep. Brian Sims woke up to find a message on his Facebook page which read,  N**ger faggot.  There wasn t much information on the troll s Facebook page. What caught me about it was there wasn t a reference to something I said or something I d done or some policy,  Sims told the Huffington Post.  And when I looked at his page there was very little there   but he d posted a telephone number a number of times. At 6:15 a.m. Sims decided to call the number and the woman who answered the phone turned out to be the troll s grandmother. You ve all seen the  Brave keyboard warrior sitting in Mom s basement eating a hot pocket sandwich  type meme but this was real life. I explained to her exactly who I as and what he had done,  Sims said.  Like any grandma she was very embarrassed at having this kind of convo and very ashamed at the actions of her grandson. The conversation ended with me telling her that I wanted to hear from him. Sims did speak to the troll but he said that the conversation  didn t resolve anything. It is the ultimate calling card of a coward to   under the guise of night and behind a keyboard   use the kind of language that in person would cause most decent people to respond in anger and frustration,  Sims said.  The reason people do things like this is they don t have the courage, the education or gumption to do this kind of thing in person. At the top of Sims  Facebook page, it now reads:Dear Bigots, posting your grandmother s telephone number all over the same page you use to post slurs on other people s pages is not going to end well for you. Brian(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/pt_BR/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Dear Bigots, posting your grandmother's telephone number all over the same page you use to post slurs on other people's pages is not going to end well for you. BrianPublicado por Brian Sims em Quarta, 26 de abril de 2017Rep. Sims was nice enough to blur out the troll s last name, leaving only  David  to identify him with even though when the bigot left the message, he proudly displayed his name, leaving his grandma s phone number behind to track him down with.The post has gone viral with over 10,000 likes. Trolls, do not mess with Rep. Sims. He will call your grandma.The troll should have read Sims  post alongside his Facebook picture. The post left the day after the U.S. presidential election reads,  Too strong to be pushed back into the closet. Too experienced to lose our way. Too battle tested to give up now. Too much at stake to throw up our hands. Too right to be wrong. Testify!Image via Facebook. ",0
1666, Trump Set Up An Alien Crime Hotline And It Went Exactly Like You’re Thinking Right Now (TWEETS),"Recently, Donald Trump became the second major elected leader in history to publish a newsletter focusing on crimes committed by a segment of the population he wanted to demonize   Adolf Hitler with  The Criminal Jew  (a regularly published list of crimes allegedly committed by Jews) and Donald Trump with his Weekly and Declined Detainer Outcome Report, a regular publication of crimes allegedly committed by immigrants. The word  allegedly is important here, because Trump s list so far has been mostly Latinos who are accused but have not been convicted of anything at all.Trump decided that a newsletter attacking all immigrants because some allegedly have committed crimes (at a much lower rate than the rest of us), so he established VOICE   an entire department committed to criminalizing the Jews immigrants. While Trump set up a hotline for VOICE in an effort to give people an outlet for engaging this bigoted right-wing fantasy that immigrants are all criminals, he was in for a shock when people started calling. They called 1-855-48-VOICE about aliens, all right   just not the ones he wanted them to call about.Trumps   VOICE  Hotline set up for people to report on crime from illegal aliens was reportedly overloaded with calls about space aliens  Robbie Gramer (@RobbieGramer) April 26, 2017Trump wants you to report ""bad aliens"", so join me in complaining about the Hutt criminal organization in the Outer Rim: 1-855-48-VOICE.  It's Phil with a Z (@PhilMQuinn) April 27, 2017Holy shit yes. Everybody call 1-855-48-voice and jam their shit with callAbout aliens and your vote for The Voice https://t.co/octtSP9heg  wattznext (@wattznext) April 27, 2017To call Trump's new VOICE hotline for hot tips about illegal aliens, except to report any *space* aliens you find worrisome. Call often! https://t.co/Quw1XKU2Pc  Janie Jones (@janieqjones) April 27, 2017In case you've spotted any aliens, the number is 1-855-48-VOICE https://t.co/HLR987Sk3n  #ShePersisted (@magicclams) April 27, 2017Well who would have figured this would happen? 855-48-VOICE is the number to call, you know, in case space aliens are flying about. https://t.co/JshLCJlB5i  Ziggy Zee Persisted (@francie1950) April 27, 2017If any of you need to report space aliens to our government, please call their hotline: 1-855-48-VOICE. Here are some of their Most Wanted: pic.twitter.com/nWnVYdDdpG  Steven Santos (@stevensantos) April 27, 2017So, if you have been abducted by aliens, the new toll free hotline is: 1-855-48-VOICE https://t.co/vfMe4MsepP  Jmcnairc (@johnmclarke3) April 27, 2017 All crime is terrible, but these victims as represented here are unique   and too often ignored,  Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said of the alien crime line.  They are casualties of crimes that should never have taken place   because the people who victimized them often times should never have been in the country. If you have seen any strange alien activity   especially criminal   you should call. Whether you or a friend were abducted or probed, have seen crop circle-based vandalism, or witnessed livestock being turned inside out, it is your duty as a patriotic American to speak out.The number once again is 1-855-48-VOICE. Featured image via Getty Images (Mark Wilson)/screengrab",0
1667, Trump Considers ‘Terminating NAFTA’ With Executive Order (DETAILS),"Donald Trump is reportedly considering an executive order that would pull the United States out of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) unless they are willing to renegotiate with him for a better deal.This is what Trump had to say about NAFTA during his recent word salad of an interview with the Associated Press earlier this week.AP: What about NAFTA? What s the plan on NAFTA?TRUMP: What would you like to know?AP: I would like to know what your plan is in terms of renegotiating.TRUMP: I am very upset with NAFTA. I think NAFTA has been a catastrophic trade deal for the United States, trading agreement for the United States. It hurts us with Canada, and it hurts us with Mexico. Most people don t even think of NAFTA in terms of Canada. You saw what happened yesterday in my statements, because if you look at the dairy farmers in Wisconsin and upstate New York, they are getting killed by NAFTA.AP: Is your plan still, though, to renegotiate the whole deal?TRUMP: I am going to either renegotiate it or I am going to terminate it.AP: Termination is still on the table.TRUMP: Absolutely. If they don t treat fairly, I am terminating NAFTA.AP: What s a timeline for that decision?TRUMP: It s a six-month termination clause, I have the right to do it, it s a six-month clause.CNN reported today that two senior administration officials had confirmed that Trump is debating withdrawing the U.S. from NAFTA through an executive order. The White House is currently mulling an executive order declaring the US  intent to withdraw from NAFTA, a move that could trigger a renegotiation of the trade pact rather than outright withdrawal,  the officials told CNN.This isn t a new stance for Trump, who railed against NAFTA throughout his campaign. In June, Trump declared that NAFTA was  the worst trade deal in  the history of this country. I m going to tell our NAFTA partners that I intend to immediately renegotiate the terms of that agreement to get a better deal by a lot, not just a little, by a lot for our workers. And if they don t agree to a renegotiation, which they might not, because they re so used to having their own way not with Trump, they won t have their own way then I will submit under Article 2205 of the NAFTA agreement that America intends to withdraw from the deal,  Trump declared to his rabid supporters last summer.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1668," After Being Handed Yet Another Court Loss, Trump Threatens Revenge In Pure Dictator Style","Donald Trump hates losing. Not because it s a loss to his agenda, or a perceived loss to the American people. Trump hates losing because it hurt his paper thin ego and when he does lose, there s hell to pay (or at least threatened hell to pay). Trump suffered another major loss in court after a 9th Circuit Court judge ruled against his attempt at defundng sanctuary cities. Now, like a true dictator, Trump wants to break up the 9th Circuit.In an interview with the Washington Examiner, Trump said about breaking up the court: Absolutely, I have,  Trump said of considering 9th Circuit breakup proposals during a far-ranging interview with the Washington Examiner at the White House.  There are many people that want to break up the 9th Circuit. It s outrageous. He then accused liberal plaintiffs of court shopping for a more sympathetic body. Everybody immediately runs to the 9th Circuit. And we have a big country. We have lots of other locations. But they immediately run to the 9th Circuit. Because they know that s like, semi-automatic,  Trump said.The 9th Circuit, which covers nine western states and Guam, is based in San Francisco. San Francisco is, of course, one of the sanctuary cities, so plaintiffs didn t have go far to land on their docket.While the 9th has had some liberal rulings:Covering a huge swath of territory   nine western states plus Guam   the San Francisco-based court handles far more cases than any other federal appeals court, including some rulings that have invoked furor from conservatives over the years. Among them: finding that the phrase  under God  in the Pledge of Allegiance is unconstitutional, that the  don t ask, don t tell  policy on gays in the military was problematic long before President Barack Obama s administration ended it, and that states can force pharmacies to dispense emergency contraceptives.Source: Mercury NewsThey are far more balanced than right-wingers would let on.But some legal scholars say the 9th Circuit s liberal reputation is overblown and that the court has moved to the middle as some of President Jimmy Carter s appointees   who were considered extremely liberal   have taken semi-retired  senior  status or passed away. A Democratic Congress nearly doubled the number of judges on the court during Carter s tenure, and his appointees faced easy confirmation in the Senate.President George W. Bush appointed six of the court s 25 active judges, but 18 have been appointed by Democrats, though the seven appointed by President Barack Obama are generally considered moderate, said University of Richmond Law School Professor Carl Tobias.Still, conservatives, and especially Trump, would like nothing more than to make California even less relevant in national politics (a vote in California is worth less than 1/3 of a vote in Wyoming).The bigger picture behind Trump s threat is far more disturbing. We have three (supposedly) co-equal branches of government. Trump is trying to use his executive powers to shut down any dissenting views, even from another branch. Even if you are a Trump voter, you should find this very disconcerting.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images.",0
1669, Republican GOES OFF On Trump’s Border Wall In STUNNING No-Holds-Barred Rant (VIDEO),"Out of all the ridiculous, misguided ideas that have come up during his first 100 days, Donald Trump s border wall is definitely one of the least popular ones. Trump s border wall has not only been rejected by the majority of the American people, but politicians   even Republicans   are still strongly resisting the wall.Earlier today, Will Hurd (R-TX) went on Fox Business News to blast Trump and his beloved wall, unleashing a surprising and shocking rant that perfectly sums up why this border wall should not be created under any circumstances. Clearly stating that Trump s border wall is extremely ineffective and will cost way too much money, Rep. Hurd said: I ve been pretty clear on this idea of a wall, building a wall from sea to shining sea is the most expensive and least effective way to do border security.I spent nine and a half years as an undercover officer in the CIA chasing terrorists all over the world, nuclear weapons proliferators. And I have 820 miles of the border, more border than any other member of Congress. We need to be using additional technology and more manpower on the border you can t have a one size fits all solution for the border. Trump s border wall had come under fire recently as the incompetent POTUS tried to bully lawmakers into funding his wall before the government was forced to shut down. Trump s wall is going to be a disaster for U.S. taxpayers, considering that Trump refuses to accept the fact that Mexico isn t going to pay for the wall, or reimburse the United States like Trump says they will.Thankfully, there are at least some Republicans who understand what a disaster this border wall is. You can watch Hurd rip Trump and his wall apart below:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
1670, WATCH: Sean Spicer’s Debut in “The Bold and the Babbling” Is Everything You Expect And More,"President Donald Trump has made one thing clear, he cares about ratings more than anything else in the world. This week the Washington Post reported that when asked if he was planning firing Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary Trump said,  I m not firing Sean Spicer. That guy gets great ratings. Everyone tunes in. The President went on to compare the daily White House briefing to a soap opera and noted that Spicer gets better ratings than the soaps that are on today. Trump s love of television is so well known that aides use it as a way to reach him and foreign leaders are even starting to do the same. They are finding ways to show up on the shows they think the president is most likely to watch.Stephen Colbert took advantage of the comments connecting Spicer to soap operas to create one of his own. This clip shows a preview of what a Spicer soap,  The Bold and the Babbling  would look like:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
1671," WATCH: Joe Scarborough Gets MOCKED For Comparing Ivanka To RFK, He Doesn’t Respond Well AT ALL","Joe Scarborough is not having the best morning. On Morning Joe earlier today, the conversation turned to the number of Trump family members who are serving in the White House and the rampant nepotism there. This led Scarborough to compare President Donald Trump s daughter, Ivanka, to a Robert F. Kennedy.Scarborough said that having Ivanka and her husband, Jared Kushner, working for him in the West Wing created the same kind of situation that upset so many Republicans during the Kennedy administration. When Host Mika Brzezinski questioned that logic, Scarborough did not take it well.Scarborough s rant went like this,  You don t have to be so snotty. I was about to say, you didn t let me get it out. You don t have to be so rude. The fact of the matter is that they are not Bobby Kennedy as I was about to say but you wanted to get your cheap shot in so you got your cheap shot in. No I am not saying Jared and Ivanka are Bobby Kennedy. Maybe it s time for the host to switch to decaf.Here s the video:Featured image via Carolyn Cole/Getty Images.",0
1672, WATCH: Republican House Oversight Chair Literally Blamed Obama For Trump’s Michael Flynn Scandal,"Republicans have apparently reached a new level of desperation to clear Donald Trump of all wrongdoing in his Russia scandal.Donald Trump chose Michael Flynn to work on his campaign. Donald Trump chose Michael Flynn to be his National Security Adviser. Donald Trump ignored the warnings about Michael Flynn. But somehow, Republicans are blaming President Obama anyway.As we all know, Flynn had dealings with Russia that he failed to disclose, including conversations with Russian officials about the sanctions placed by President Obama in retaliation against Russia for interfering in our national election.Flynn s ties to Russia run deep and one would think that Trump would have vetted Flynn. After all, Trump had plenty of time to do so during the campaign and after taking office.But he appointed Flynn anyway and even voiced his support of his National Security Adviser until the very end when Trump was forced to boot him out the White House.President Harry Truman once said that  The buck stops here  in reference to the fact that anything that happens during a president s tenure is the ultimate responsibility of the president.But Trump has done everything he can in an effort to escape any and all responsibility for what happens under his watch or lack thereof.And even Republicans have been making excuses to absolve him of any wrongdoing.That includes openly blaming President Obama for Trump s Flynn scandal.During an appearance on MSNBC on Tuesday, House Oversight Committee Chair Jason Cheffetz literally claimed that President Obama is at fault for this scandal. It was the Obama White House that this would have fallen under,  Chaffetz told Greta Van Susteran.  I don t think what happened here is really the fault of Donald Trump. Here s the video via VidMe.According to Cheffetz, the Obama administration is at fault because they vetted Flynn before he was appointed by Obama to head the Defense Intelligence Agency.However, prior to getting caught dealing with Russia earlier this year, Flynn had kept his ties to Russia under the radar. Those ties became much clearer after he got busted. Besides, Trump is the one responsible for hiring Flynn during the campaign and he is the one responsible for appointing him as National Security Adviser. Trump and his administration had lots of time to vet Flynn.So this falls directly and completely on Donald Trump. He had months to dig into Flynn s history, and clearly, he liked what he found. After all, they share a love of Putin and Russia in common.Cheffetz should just go ahead and resign immediately rather than serve out the remainder of his term. One would think that Cheffetz would feel free to do the right thing since he has chosen not to run for re-election. But it s apparent that he intends to lie and cover for Trump until the end. He should be ashamed.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1673, PAY-TO-PLAY: Ivanka Uses Official Europe Trip To Beg For Donations,"If Hillary Clinton were in the White House and she hired her daughter, Chelsea, to work in the West Wing and then let her fundraise for the Clinton Foundation, the GOP House would be drawing up Articles of Impeachment. That is exactly what is happening in President Donald Trump s White House. First daughter, Ivanka, is currently in Germany representing him. She works in the West Wing and is one of the main people the President listens to.Many have been wondering what Ivanka has been up to in her job at the White House. Now at least some of her time can be accounted for. She has set up a fund to help female entrepreneurs and has been soliciting funds from foreign countries. Axios is reporting that several have already donated. They include several Middle East countries.Axios is also reporting that her father is a big supporter of the idea. This is curious, given the President s problems with the Clinton Foundation, which also did a lot of good work and asked for money from foreigners and foreign governments. Trump and others brought up the idea that donations were made in order to gain access to the then Secretary of State. During the campaign, he went as far as to call the Clinton Foundation a  criminal enterprise. Trump told FOX News  Chris Wallace,  Saudi Arabia given $25 million, Qatar, all of these countries. You talk about women and women s rights? These are people that push gays off business, off buildings. These are people that kill women and treat women horribly and yet you take their money. So I d like to ask you right now why don t you give back the money that you ve taken from certain countries that treat certain groups of people so horribly? It is hard to see any difference between what Trump accused Hillary of doing and what his daughter is doing now. It s going to be interesting seeing how White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer tries to explain this one.Featured image via Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images",0
1674, Scott Baio Gets His A** Handed To Him By Erin Moran’s Family For Disgusting Comments About Her Death,"Erin Moran s family just declared war on Scott Baio and he s whining like a little bitch about it.In the wake of former  Happy Days  star Erin Moran s passing, her former co-star Baio expressed his condolences via Twitter.My sincere condolences. #ErinMoran #HappyDaysFamily pic.twitter.com/5b0AbioZEc  Scott Baio (@ScottBaio) April 23, 2017And then he decided to open his big mouth and speculate about what caused Moran s death. My thing is, I feel bad because her whole life, she was troubled, could never find what made her happy and content,  Baio said on a radio show.  For me, you do drugs or drink, you re gonna die. Baio had zero evidence of the circumstances behind Moran s death, so he should have kept quiet until the official cause was released. As it turns out, Moran died after a battle with cancer.Baio s baseless speculation angered her grieving fans, but especially pissed off her family members, who took to social media to roast Baio alive. Moran s brother Tony struck first.#scottbaio. Get on your knees and pray I never run into you.  tony moran (@tmoran_mmyers78) April 25, 2017After discovering his error, Baio took to Facebook and blamed the media and claimed he was criticized because he s a Trump supporter. I m sure they re attacking me because I m a conservative,  Baio remarked.  These people never attack the press for getting the story wrong about heroin. They attack me. Well, Tony Moran wasn t impressed. In fact, he called Baio out for being a coward after Baio had his wife call him to apologize instead of doing it himself.#scottbaio. Your wife contacts me? Not u? You fucking scumbag coward piece of shit!  tony moran (@tmoran_mmyers78) April 26, 2017Then Moran s cousin Roy jumped in.regardless of cause. that dick head should have handled it way different. now he needs to get handled. rip cousin https://t.co/rR4FgATivp  Roy Moran (@moranclan) April 26, 2017Tony Moran wasn t done, however. He also slammed Baio on Facebook.A special shout out to Scott Baio. I already went on Twitter about you. I hope it finds you. You and my lil sis had a very very brief fling. She dumped you. 2 reasons. 1. She told me that you were more like a lil girl and not a man. 2. She told me that you were tiny. Ya know. Barely a man in the man region. True story! Scott, I d advise you to get on your knees and pray you never run into me.Well guys. Guess what? I was contacted by Scott Baio s wife. His wife! Fucking coward! I ve never met her. I do know the scumbag piece of shit Scott Baio tho. He was a piece of shit back then and still is. He had his wife contact me! Very apologetic and shit. Doesn t surprise me. It s too late you motherfucking pieces of shit! Go back under the rock you crawled out from under. There isn t one word I want to hear you speak. Makes me sick to my stomach.Scott Baio openly admitted in his Facebook post that he speculated on Erin Moran s cause of death only to find out that she had stage 4 cancer later on. He should have just personally apologized for his own words and actions rather than blaming the media. He knew damn well that an official cause of death had not been released yet. And he certainly should have spoken to Moran s brother personally instead of having his wife do it. Instead of handling Moran s death like a human being, Baio acted like a cowardly douchebag and he s getting the criticism he deserves. And he has only himself to blame.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1675," Caitlyn Jenner Slams Trump, Considers Running for Office","Caitlyn Jenner is not afraid to speak her mind. The Olympian turned reality TV star is making news once again. This week, while promoting her new book,  The Secrets of My Life,  she admitted that while she is a Republican and voted for President Donald Trump she is not happy with all of the president s policies and actions.Jenner spoke to a packed audience at the 92nd Street Y Community Center in New York this week. She says that she is looking into where her voice can be heard the loudest and how she can do the most to impact her community. She says that she does not regret voting for the president but she is not thrilled with everything has done. In the past she has said that she is a Republican because she supports  the Constitution and limited government. While she says that she has no regrets about voting for the president, Jenner admits,  As far as LGBT issues, yes, he s made some mistakes. I don t support him in everything that he does. But we needed to shake the system up. At the same time, Jenner said,  My loyalties are not with Donald Trump. I will come after him and come after Republicans if they come after my community. I ve got a voice and they better listen, OK? I will come after them. When a member of the audience asked if she had any plans to run for elected office, Jenner replied,  Would I be better working from the inside? If that is the case   I would seriously look at a run. It just depends where I could be more effective. Some people know Jenner from her time as Bruce when she won multiple gold medals in the Olympics during the 1970s. Younger generations know her from the show  Keeping Up with the Kardashians.  Viewers watched her before her transformation, through the process and then after. The family has not responded well to her new book.Before she told the world that she was transgender, Jenner thought she had  too many skeletons  in her closet. Now that the world knows about that, she says,  Now, I have no more secrets.  I would have to look over the next year or two and see,  Can I do a better job on the outside?  or  Am I in a position now that I can do a better job for my community on the inside?   Featured image via Santiago Felipe/Getty Images",0
1676, ‘Where Is All That Winning?’: Twitter Bites Trump’s Head Off After Attack On ANOTHER Judge,"The day after a federal judge in San Francisco blocked part of alleged president Donald Trump s executive order threatening  sanctuary cities  with losing federal funds if they do not comply with requests from immigration enforcement agents, the former reality show star began attacking the decision on Twitter in an early morning tweetstorm. You knew this was coming.Once again, the man-baby POTUS called his Muslim ban a  ban,  thus proving why the ninth circuit court previously ruled against his executive order. First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban & now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!,  it tweeted.First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban & now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 26, 2017Eleven minutes later, Trump tweeted,  Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the  ban  case and now the  sanctuary  case is brought in  Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the ""ban"" case and now the ""sanctuary"" case is brought in   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 26, 2017Eight minutes later, Trump tweeted,  the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this  judge shopping!  Messy system. the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this ""judge shopping!"" Messy system.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 26, 2017Trump s Executive Order on Tuesday was halted by Judge William Orrick who granted a preliminary injunction against section 9(a) of Executive Order 13768, which sought to ensure, in part, that  jurisdictions that fail to comply with applicable federal law do not receive Federal funds, except as mandated by law. Orrick noted that the order threatened  hundreds of millions  of federal dollars at the local level,  writing that,  The Constitution vests the spending powers in Congress, not the President, so the Order cannot constitutionally place new conditions on federal funds. The internet was quick to respond to Trump s latest Twitter-tantrum.@realDonaldTrump This is a lie.The Supreme Court only takes 0.1% of Ninth Circuit cases for review. Of THAT, 80% get overturned.TINY percentage. pic.twitter.com/HYqb7nmvMf  jordan ? (@JordanUhl) April 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump What the hell are you rambling about? This must've been on your mind all night to wake up and vent your inarticulate jibberish on Twitter.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) April 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump LITERALLY NOT A SINGLE LEGISLATIVE WIN  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) April 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump See you in court!#WednesdayWisdom pic.twitter.com/oznUGAXQK4  Holly #TheResistance (@AynRandPaulRyan) April 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Next time you sign an Executive Order, you should try reading The Constitution first.  Nick Jack Pappas (@Pappiness) April 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Wow, you REALLY are an abject failure, aren't ya?!  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) April 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump You are literally trying to create crime with this lie you tell about sanctuary cities.  Mikel Jollett (@Mikel_Jollett) April 26, 2017@tonyposnanski @realDonaldTrump Trump doesn't have a whole lot of wins in the court, yet he's always wanting to go there. I don't get it.  Erin DeCaprio (@ErinDeCaprio) April 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Why does it always take so long for the second half of your tweet? You lose all the momentum.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) April 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump You said there would be so much winning, but we ended up getting more whining instead. pic.twitter.com/n5y5aH4aln  Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) April 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump And for the record, did you just call it a ban?  Rogue CPI (@RogueCPI) April 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Anyway, good morning! pic.twitter.com/GLF9OnjX7G  Rogue CPI (@RogueCPI) April 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump It's harder to bully courts than drywall contractors isn't it?  pourmecoffee (@pourmecoffee) April 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Your bigoted travel ban failed. Mexico won t pay for your stupid wall. Now this.Where is all that winning you promised?  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) April 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Tough day. You lose in court AGAIN. @IvankaTrump s clothing line is being secretly rebranded so it won t be tainted by the Trump name. Sad!  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) April 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/eM5rEhUfbL  Man vs Pink (@ManVsPink) April 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Did you know that the Constitution applies in the Supreme Court, too? Mind-blowing, right?  Caroline O. (@RVAwonk) April 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/dkNli3bp0a  Hassan (@HassanPRG) April 26, 2017So much  winning  with Donald Trump! He cannot ban Muslims from entering the country. He couldn t get support behind the shit sandwich healthcare plan he endorsed to replace Obamacare. Trump is holding the highest office in the land and cannot legislate. He s an abject failure who has duped his supporters into believing that he will build a wall across our Southern border, lock Hillary Clinton up, defeat ISIS and repeal Obamacare on day one. None of that is happening and yet, his supporters stick by him. However, on social media, there appears to be less enthusiasm for the amateur president.He can t defeat ISIS while banning refugees who are fleeing from terror at the hands of ISIS. It plays right into the terrorist group s agenda. Also, 2+2= 4.Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
1677, The UN Just Sent Trump A DIRE Warning About Obamacare,"It would seem that the Democrats  talking point, that healthcare is a human right, isn t just a talking point. The United Nations has taken notice of Republicans  efforts to repeal Obamacare without a solid replacement that will guarantee nobody loses their coverage. The GOP s plans all involve stipulations that could strip coverage from millions, which could violate international laws to which the U.S. is bound.The U.N. s High Commissioner on Human Rights sent a letter to the Trump administration, and asked that it be shared with Republican and Democratic leaders in Congress. Of course, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, didn t receive it, at least, not through the usual channels. Oddly enough, neither did Paul Ryan or Mitch McConnell.Apparently, the State Department never saw it either, but an employee at HHS leaked it to Democratic leadership.The letter cites Article 12 of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, which says: [Countries have] the core obligation to ensure the right of access to health facilities, goods and services on a non-discriminatory basis, especially for vulnerable or marginalized groups. It also cites Article 5(e) of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, which says: [Countries should] guarantee the right of everyone,  including  the rights to public health, medical care, social security and social services  without regard to race or color. It s important to note that while we both signed and ratified the latter agreement here.If Obamacare is repealed without a replacement that protects coverage for everyone, the people who stand to lose their insurance, and thus, their access to healthcare, are the poor and the working class. Racial minorities are more likely to be poor, or a member of the struggling working class. Rural areas with depressed economies (the places that all voted for Trump) would suffer, too.Since the Trump administration didn t send the letter on as requested, it stands to reason that they don t want Congress to see this (or really, anyone). Too bad it got out. At best, this is another PR and political disaster that Trump doesn t need. At worst, we re in some serious trouble if they don t give up their plans to strip millions of their health insurance.Featured image by Olivier Douliery-Pool via Getty Images",0
1678, Republicans Just Granted Themselves Special Status In Their Latest Healthcare Bill,"If you have a pre-existing condition, Obamacare currently protects you from being turned down for insurance on the basis of that condition. Republicans want to take that away because insuring sick people just eats too much profit, and healthcare is a privilege, not a right anyway. The latest iteration of their ridiculous healthcare plan will allow states to decide whether insurers have to cover people with pre-existing conditions, because of course it does, but it also contains a brand-new amendment that s patently disgusting.It carves an exemption out for members of Congress and their staffs. Insurers would still be required to provide coverage for them regardless of pre-existing conditions. Vox confirmed it last night: A spokesperson for Rep. Tom MacArthur (R-N.J.) who authored this amendment confirmed this was the case: members of Congress and their staff would get the guarantee of keeping these Obamacare regulations. But don t Republicans hate Obamacare? Well, their relationship with Obamacare is actually considerably more complex than we tend to give it credit for. Contrary to popular belief, we taxpayers don t subsidize Congress  health insurance the way many people think. In fact, we never did. Until 2013, they were covered under the Federal Employee Health Benefits program, which is a health insurance marketplace where they (and every other federal employee) purchase health insurance with all the same bullshit as everyone else, and have their premiums taken out of their paychecks.The Office of Personnel Management contributes to each employee s premium, but where private sector employers cover an average of 83 percent of their employees  premiums (or 72 percent for family plans), OPM covers 72 to 75 percent, whichever is less depending on a variety of factors, across the board.In 2013, all of Congress was kicked off of FEHB thanks to Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA). He proposed an amendment to the ACA that would require all members of Congress to purchase health insurance through the exchanges, and for their staffs under the small business provision.So that s what they ve been doing for health insurance for the last four years. Where their own lives are concerned, Obamacare s popular provisions are good things. Where the rest of the country is concerned, though, well, we all know how they feel about the rest of us. The prohibition on denying insurance due to pre-existing conditions is one of the most popular provisions and they want to gut it.For everyone but themselves.Can they get any more obvious about where their true priorities lie?Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
1679, Court Slams Down Trump’s Order Blocking Funding To Sanctuary Cities,"During the 2016 presidential campaign, President Donald Trump made a lot of promises on immigration. He was going to build a wall between the United States and Mexico, that Mexico would fund. He was going to keep Muslims from coming into the country. Lastly, he was going to cut funding to  sanctuary cities.  Now it looks like none of that is going to happen. The travel bans have been struck down. The border wall is never going to happen. Now, a federal court has ruled against taking funding away from sanctuary cities.Sanctuary cities are those that refuse to work with Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to deport undocumented immigrants who report crimes. It s important to note that lacking documentation is a civil offense, not a criminal one. This is the second of Trump s main policy initiatives to be struck down because it violates the U.S. Constitution.Both San Francisco and Santa Clara County won orders squashing an executive order, signed by Trump on January 25, 2017 to halt funding to any cities who refuse to deport undocumented immigrants for minor offenses. The president has said these cities can cause,  immeasurable harm to the American people and to the very fabric of our republic.  U.S. District Judge William Orrick did not see it that way. He sided with San Francisco and Santa Clara County.While Trump wants to appear powerful, it is clear that he is not aware of what limits there are on presidential power. The president does not decide how federal funds are spent. That s Congress s job. The budget that is submitted by the White House every year is simply a wish list of what the president would like to see federal money spent on. Congress is under no obligation to follow the budget. By the same token, once funds have been allocated for a program, a president cannot just block that funding because it suits his or her objectives.The White House promises to appeal the decision and Chief of Staff Reince Priebus has said that the courts in California are  going bananas.  He added,  The idea that an agency can t put in some reasonable restriction on how some of these monies are spent is something that will be overturned eventually, and we ll win at the Supreme Court level at some point. For its part, the Department of Justice assets that federal agencies are still allowed to act against any cities or towns that violate or ignore federal immigration laws. Department spokesman Ian Prior said,  The court upheld the government s ability to use lawful means to enforce existing conditions of federal grants,  Ian Prior said in an emailed statement. The ruling is not just a victory for these two jurisdictions. Its impact will be felt in sanctuary cities and jurisdictions across the nation. Cities such as New York, Chicago and Los Angeles. This ruling is also giving energy to Californians who want to be seen as leading the resistance against the Trump administration. The Californian state Senate put through the  California Values Act.  This would turn the entire state into a sanctuary zone.",0
1680," Sean Spicer Baffles Reporters, Claims Trump Isn’t Responsible For Hiring Flynn (VIDEO)","On Tuesday, White House Propaganda Minister Sean Spicer once again baffled reporters and other thinking individuals by once again saying the dumbest thing imaginable.Asked why the White House refuses to provide documents related to former National Security Advisor and registered foreign agent Michael Flynn s hiring, Spicer took the tried-and-true route of blaming President Obama.Spicer explained that the Trump White House isn t responsible for anything related to Flynn s hiring because the documents were filled out   during the Obama administration  and  those are not documents that the White House would ever possess. Everything that the White House has been asked to do, the only documents that were made available to [Congress] that they asked for were the ones that the Department of Defense had,  Spicer said, explaining that he doesn t feel that the White House has an obligation to provide the information Congress has requested. How about these calls made where [Flynn] was working during the transition on behalf of a future President Trump?  CBS s Major Garrett asked.  Aren t those things that you should have some responsibility or obligation to provide if you can? It s a question [of] if you can,  Spicer said.  To ask for every call a national security adviser made is pretty outlandish. Those calls were made on behalf of the Trump transition were they not?  Garrett asked. Spicer, of course, told him that Trump isn t responsible for anything that happened before January 20 even if it was done by a member of the Trump transition team. When?  Spicer asked.  We started this administration on Jan. 20. All the information that they re talking about occurred prior to him being at the White House. Working for the transition!  Garrett pressed. Not at the White House!  Spicer snapped.  Everything that is being questioned occurred prior to Jan. 20th. Trump and his White House are absolutely responsible for Flynn   which is not good, as even Hillary Clinton witch hunter, Congressman Jason Chaffetz, admits that Flynn likely committed crimes.Watch this all happen below:Featured image via screengrab",0
1681," Trump Just Sent A MAJOR F*ck You To The Supreme Court, CONFIRMS His Own Incompetency (DETAILS)","Donald Trump and his administration have proven time and time again that they are incapable of performing even the most simple, basic tasks that only require basic human decency and manners. The latest gaffe in the White House demonstrates that even as Trump s 100th day approaches, they still can t get their sh*t together.According to a White House aide and court spokeswoman, Trump did not extend a formal invitation to the Supreme Court to have dinner at the White House on Thursday. An initial report that was released early Sunday stated that a dinner WOULD take place: That evening, the President will have dinner with the Justices of the Supreme Court, including his successfully confirmed nominee Justice Neil Gorsuch. However, this changed just hours later. On Sunday night, the dinner with the Supreme Court justices was taken off the agenda. The White House aide confirmed: An invitation was never extended. When White House press secretary Sean Spicer was questioned about the nixed dinner plans, Spicer said Trump s staffers  moved some things around  and perhaps the dinner might happen at a later time. Spicer said: I think having a relationship and meeting with the Supreme Court at some point would be a great idea and something that we hope to have on the schedule at some point soon. Trump s rude, disorganized cancellation is hardly the only issue with these tentative dinner plans. While former presidents have had dinner with Supreme Court justices before, Trump s corrupt administration definitely raised some eyebrows when they first announced these dinner plans. Democratic Sen. Brian Schatz said it best: Why would the Supreme Court agree to do this? I can think of no legitimate reason to dine with a litigant. No matter what Trump does, he can t help but raise ethical concerns as his scandals and conflict of interests only mount up. Trump s administration is not only the most incompetent, lazy, and disorganized, but it is the most corrupt and must be watched closely.Featured image via Tom Pennington / Getty Images",0
1682, New Poll Has Very Bad News For The NRA (DETAILS),"While it may not come as much of a surprise that the leadership at the National Rifle Association (NRA) has a different opinion on gun control than the average American, what is surprising is that same leadership holds a different opinion than the American gun owner. According to a new poll, at least 67 percent of gun owners in the United States believe that the organization has changed its mission from one promoting gun safety to one dominated by professional lobbyists. They say the NRA has been  overtaken by lobbyists and the interests of gun manufacturers and lost its original purpose and mission. The NRA of today looks very different from what it looked like before. In fact, for most of its history, it supported, and even wrote, gun control legislation. Adam Winkler, author of Gunfight: the Battle Over the Right to Bear Arms in America, wrote,  Historically, the leadership of the NRA was more open-minded about gun control than someone familiar with the modern NRA might imagine. To understand the relationship the NRA has with gun control. It may help to look at who and why it was founded. After the Civil War, many people in the North believed that people in the South possessed superior skills in the area of using rifles. They blamed that for the length of the war. The national slogan for the NRA was,  Firearms Safety Education, Marksmanship Training, Shooting for Recreation.  Its main goal was to improve men s marksmanship, not ward off threats to the Second Amendment. The organization was founded in 1871.That effort didn t start until the 1970s. In 1934, the nation saw its first piece of gun control legislation signed into law. The National Firearms Act of 1934 was designed to  make it difficult for any not law abiding citizen to obtain a pistol or revolver.  It was authored, in part, by the NRA. They also helped write the Gun Control Act of 1938.When these bills were written and signed into law, Karl T. Frederick was president of the NRA. He said,  I have never believed in the general practice of carrying weapons. I do not believe in the general promiscuous toting of guns. I think it should be sharply restricted and only under licenses. For about a century, the NRA s motto remained the same. Then the 1960s happened. With the unrest of the assassinations and the rise of the Black Panthers, The Mulford Act was passed in California. It barred people from carrying loaded weapons around outside. While it was supported by the NRA, the backlash that it spurred also galvanized a new wave of gun support. About a decade after the act was signed into law, a group of gun rights supporters took over the NRA. They ousted the leadership and changed the motto to,  The Right Of The People To Keep And Bear Arms Shall Not Be Infringed. Since then, the NRA has opposed many measures that have had widespread support from the American public. In poll after poll, people say they want people who buy guns to pass background checks, they want to limit the capacity of rifles and they support common sense gun control legislation. Even Supreme Court Justice Anontin Scalia supported limiting some of this. In his Heller v. DC decision, Scalia wrote,  Nothing in our opinion should be taken to cast doubt on longstanding prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill, or laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings, or laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms. New data show more support for gun control from gun owners. While the NRA leadership says one thing, the average gun owner thinks another. A few years ago, Wayne LaPierre, NRA chief, said,  The only thing that can stop a bad man with a gun is a good man with a gun.  This is the response from gun owners to that new poll.For its part, the NRA is disputing the accuracy of the poll. Jennifer Baker, spokesperson for the NRA said,  The NRA s strength is derived from our five million members and the tens of millions of Second Amendment supporters who vote. The majority of Americans oppose gun control and they made their voices heard this past November. This was a poll paid for by a gun control group, so it s not surprising that the so called  results  further their agenda. Public Policy Polling conducted the poll between April 19 and 20. It included 661 people who own guns. The margin of error is four percentage points. Americans for Responsible Solutions commissioned the poll.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1683, BREAKING: Mexico Stands Strong AGAINST Trump’s Wall; Delivers BRUTAL Remarks,"It s not just Canada that Donald Trump seems to be starting unnecessary battles with today, Mexico has responded to his continued persistence of the border wall.In fact, Mexico is now considering Trump s insistence of the wall, and the lie that Mexico will pay for it, a  hostile  act.According to Reuters Politics: JUST IN: Mexican foreign minister says Mexico considers construction of border wall a  hostile  act, will not contribute in any way JUST IN: Mexican foreign minister says Mexico considers construction of border wall a 'hostile' act, will not contribute in any way  Reuters Politics (@ReutersPolitics) April 25, 2017This comes shortly after Trump recommitted his efforts to build the wall.According to the New York Times: President Trump insisted on Tuesday that he remained committed to his hotly disputed plan to build a wall along the Mexican border, despite backing off a demand that the project be funded in a short-term spending measure that must be passed by Friday to avoid a government shutdown. Trump has also tweeted this over the past few days:Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 23, 2017The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 24, 2017 .the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!#BuildTheWall  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 24, 2017Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 25, 2017With Trump clearly not backing down off his inflammatory rhetoric surrounding the border wall, it has left Mexico needing to respond. The fact that they are calling Trump  hostile  isn t only terrible, but dangerous. They seem to be seeing Trump as a foe rather than a trusted ally.Trump s isolationist actions aren t only harmful to the United States and our closest allies, but to geopolitics as a whole.Featured Photo via Getty Images",0
1684, Trump SLAMS Canada By Using Example Border State; That State Doesn’t Border Canada (TWEET),"It can easily be said that Donald Trump doesn t have a clue what he is doing. He hears things in clips and talking points, and then spews them out to the world, usually via Twitter, without thinking about the weight of his actions.One of the things Trump has been hung up on lately is Canada taking control of their dairy. According to Business Insider: Last year, Canada implemented a policy that created a new class of milk prices for ultra-filtered milk, a liquid, high-protein concentrate sometimes used to make products such as cheese and yogurt. Canada lowered the prices for this milk class, so as to incentivize domestic ultra-filtered milk and better compete with the US-produced imports. How dare they, right? The United States should not only legislate in their own country regarding the market but also around the world. At least that s what Trump seems to think.So Trump, trying to puff his chest and seem like he s a tough guy, tweets out: Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch! Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 25, 2017Here s the thing about that statement, besides being inflammatory and going after one of our nearest and dearest allies, Wisconsin doesn t fall on the Canadian border with the United States.Here s a map of Wisconsin, the surrounding states, and the Canadian border. As you see, Wisconsin isn t a border state:via Google MapsNot only is Trump going after Canada for a reason he really shouldn t be, but he also apparently needs a map. Will someone please get on that?!Featured image via Getty Images",0
1685, Cummings And Chaffetz Reveal ‘MAJOR PROBLEM’ For Trump: Appears Flynn Committed A Felony (VIDEO),"Reps. Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) and Elijah Cummings (D-MD) dropped a bombshell on Tuesday morning. During a press conference, they announced what Cummings described as a  major problem  for the Trump administration: it looks like former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn committed a felony. We received a response from the White House refusing to provide any of the documents we requested,  Cummings said.  The White House has refused to offer a single piece of paper in response to this committee s bipartisan request. According to the congressman, classified military documents have revealed that Flynn failed to disclose payments he received from foreign governments before he became Trump s National security advisor. This is a major problem,  Cummings said. I believe these documents should be declassified to the fullest extent possible without compromising sources or methods,  he added.Cumings also noted that Flynn s illegal actions could land him in prison for up to five years. Chaffetz said that if these documents are correct, then Flynn s actions were clearly illegal   and there will be consequences. As a former military officer, you simply cannot take money from Russia, Turkey or anybody else,  Chaffetz said.  And it appears as if he did take that money, it was inappropriate, and there are repercussions for it as a violation of the law. The congressmen, who both serve as senior members of the House Oversight Committee, said that so far, they haven t seen a shred of evidence to suggest that Flynn actually followed the law and got permission from the federal government before taking cash from multiple foreign governments.You can watch video of their press conference, here:Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1686, WATCH: Jake Tapper HUMILIATES Trump With The Sad Truth About His Pathetic First 100 Days,"Donald Trump recently said that grading his first 100 days is a ridiculous standard, but as Jake Tapper points out, Trump set the standard himself during the campaign.When Mitt Romney ran for president in 2012, he quickly made a name for himself as a serial flip-flopper. Well, Donald Trump is flip-flopping even more.Throughout the 2016 campaign, Trump made a lot of promises about what he would get done during his first 100 days, even going so far as to present a 100 days action plan listing what Americans could expect him to accomplish during that period.But now that his first 100 days winding down, Trump realized that he is a total failure and quickly posted a tweet designed to make it sound like the first 100 days standard is no big deal.No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, & it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 21, 2017Trump has even released a list of his so-called  historic accomplishments  to make it appear like he has done great things since taking over the White House.Jake Tapper was not impressed and it only took him four minutes to take Trump down on Monday night.The CNN host began informing Trump of his record low approval ratings and pointed out that not a single major piece of legislation has been signed despite Republicans controlling Congress. With historically low approval ratings and zero pieces of major legislation signed into law, President Trump has had an empirically disappointing first 100 days. Perhaps that s the reason he recently tweeted about the  ridiculous  standard of the first 100 days. Indeed, Trump often brags about himself and whines about the media when they tell the truth about him.Tapper then demonstrated Trump s hypocrisy by showing clips of him repeatedly bragging about how much he would get done in the first 100 days. In other words, Trump held himself to the standard that he now claims is  ridiculous. He changed his tune on this marker this very conceit that he promoted with his 100-day action plan,  Tapper continued.  Which is not really a surprise, because President Trump often heralds his flexibility. Tapper went on to hit Trump for flip-flopping on all of his positions during the campaign, like when he said that  NATO is obsolete,  only to turn around and admit that NATO is not obsolete after coming face to face with NATO officials. Then there was the time Trump dismissed the unemployment rate as  phony,  which was under 5 percent during the campaign, only to brag about the same numbers when the first jobs reports came out under his presidency.Then there s healthcare, which Trump bragged would be easy to deal with during the campaign. He promised Americans would get cheap healthcare. Now, he admits it s  complicated  after failing to repeal the popular Affordable Care Act.Trump also failed to cripple a Syrian air base he ordered bombed. Botched a raid in Yemen that left a soldier, an American girl, and many civilians dead. His two immigration bans have been blocked by the courts, and a government shutdown looms because Trump refuses to budge on funding his useless border wall.In the end, Tapper also hit Trump for complaining about executive orders during the campaign, only to sign 25 within his first 100 days, more than any president since World War II. In fact, Trump is on pace to sign more executive orders than President Obama. Trump is also on pace to take more vacations days, spend more taxpayer dollars on those vacation days, and play more rounds of golf.Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump is a loser. That s the one word that best sums up Trump and his disastrously embarrassing first three months in office.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1687," For Bannon, The Losses Just Keep Coming","Steve Bannon is portrayed as the Grim Reaper on Saturday Night Live. There is a  President Steve Bannon  meme out there from coverage of the controversial advisor. In reality, his influence seems to be headed nowhere but down. First, he totally blew President Donald Trump s health care initiative. Then, his influence waned further when he openly seemed to fight with son-in-law Jared Kushner and urged the president to not take action in Syria. Now, Trump has even backpedaled on this demands that Congress fund the wall between the United States and Mexico, against the wishes of Steve Bannon.The border wall with Mexico was a big part of the Trump campaign. All of his rallies included a session of chanting with the audience of  Build the Wall!  For his part, Trump never acknowledged that Mexico is never going to pay for this expensive wall. It is also part of Bannon s dreams for the United States. His worldview, which was front and center during the president s Inaugural Address, needs this wall.Bannon is so enamored by the wall that he was pushing for a government shutdown to get Congress to include funding for it. Clearly, he learned nothing from the healthcare debacle where he told Trump to try to strong arm Congress into passing their bill because Trump wanted them to. Bannon s lack of experience dealing with our legislative branch is clear. As a co-equal branch of government, its members are never going to do something just because the White House tells them to. If you are thinking Senator Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) pushed through Neil Goresuch s nomination because of this kind of work, you miss the win it gave McConnell.This week, Bannon told his supporters,  This is a stand worth taking. We re drawing a line in the sand. It looks more and more like Bannon is going to be alone drawing that line as if you didn t think his days in the West Wing were numbered before, it is more than clear that they are now.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images.",0
1688, Ivanka Trump Attends Women’s Panel In Germany; Gets Her A**S Handed To Her (VIDEO),"It s no secret that the rest of the world is appalled and incensed that America elected a bumbling, incompetent, dangerous buffoon like Donald Trump to be president for the next four years. They, unlike half of our nation, knew that Trump would be unfit to hold that office, and Trump has not disappointed on that front since he was sworn in on January 20th. Even worse, he has treated the presidency like some kind of monarchy, and used it to enrich himself and his family, all while installing his daughter and son-in-law in key positions. The world is watching, and they do not like what they see. Case in point   the less than warm welcome that Ivanka Trump received when she attended a women s conference in Germany.Ivanka took to the stage to praise her daddy dearest, and to try and smooth over the fact that the whole world knows that Trump is a huge misogynist. That s easy to see; after all, there s literally years of evidence of that fact on tape. Nevertheless, Ivanka plowed on, saying her father is a tremendous champion of supporting families.  She also tried to follow that line of bullshit by saying that the orange man baby encouraged me and enabled me to thrive. That may be true, but the one thing he wants to encourage, Ivanka, is for you to hop into the sack with him. I think you know that. Your father doesn t give a damn about women, the nation, the world, the American people, or anything else except himself and his own ego. You should be ashamed of yourself. Your father has done nothing for women since he s been in office; in fact, he has defended serial sexual harasser Bill O Reilly, taken steps to defund Planned Parenthood for good, and rolled back protections for women in the workplace. Champion of women indeed.Ivanka, you are  just as much of an embarrassment as your disgusting father, and you got the exact kind of reception you deserved.Watch Ivanka get her comeuppance below:Featured image via Joe Scarnici/Getty Images for Fortune",0
1689, Jimmy Carter’s Library Just Threw MAJOR Shade At Trump Over His First 100 Days,"As Trump s first 100 days in office come to a close, the administration is desperate to put together a list of accomplishments that looks like a showcase of Trump s sheer leadership prowess. This desperation comes because Trump has accomplished pretty much nothing at all. Most of those so-called  accomplishments  are executive orders that do squat, he hasn t managed to get any legislation through Congress at all, and his approval rating is at a record-low 41 percent.Other presidents fared much better during their first 100 days, and some people, like Jimmy Carter s presidential library, won t hesitate to needle Trump with their own statistics. Observe:Jimmy Carter s first 100 days..Laws passed: 22 Executive orders: 16 Approval rating: 63 percent  Jimmy Carter Library (@CarterLibrary) April 24, 2017By contrast, Trump has signed 23 executive orders that he s claiming are accomplishments, such as a federal hiring freeze. Wow. Putting a halt to hiring federal workers is so difficult, is it not?He s also trumpeting his job creation  successes,  which include greenlighting both the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines, and his  buy American, hire American  initiative. Neither of these orders is really going to accomplish anything. Nor will his  buy American steel  initiative considering that the pipelines have long since purchased their steel, and most of it isn t American.He s touting the wall as an accomplishment too, even though Congress isn t likely to fund it, and he s listing his Muslim ban, which has been halted in federal court and has likewise done nothing.Indeed, all he can really claim as an accomplishment at all is getting Neil Gorsuch confirmed to the Supreme Court. Carter had a tumultuous first 100 days, too, but at least he managed to get an economic stimulus package through Congress. Trump hasn t gotten any major legislation through at all.Featured image by Molly Riley-Pool via Getty Images",0
1690," NC GOP Judge Leaves Bench In DISGUST, Gives Corrupt GOP Legislature A MASSIVE F-You (DETAILS)","North Carolina GOP Judge J. Douglas McCullough has had enough of doing the bidding of a corrupt, GOP-controlled legislature who is attempting to do all it can to make sure that newly-elected Democratic Governor Roy Cooper has no power. So, what did Judge McCulloough do? He resigned. In his seat will be Democratic Judge John Arrowood. Judge McCullough has been on the bench since President Ronald Reagan put him there, but clearly his abrupt decision to leave means that he is one of the few Republicans who still puts country ahead of party.Ever since Governor Cooper took over from the nightmare that was Republican Governor Pat McCrory, the GOP-controlled legislature has been steadily doing all it can to make sure that Gov. Cooper is nothing more than a figurehead. One way in which they were doing that was to try to keep Gov. Cooper from appointing judges, as is his right as governor.In order to circumvent this, the state legislature introduced a bill that would change the number of judges on the North Carolina Court of Appeals from 15 to 12. The bill, House Bill 239, would make sure that Cooper would not get to appoint the replacements for the judges that are approaching the age at which judges in North Carolina are required to retire. Of course, Gov. Cooper vetoed the ridiculous bill, but the Republicans have a veto-proof majority, so they would have just overridden it.Judge McCullough was aware that he would be at the aforementioned required retirement age in just 36 days, so instead of stepping down and going through the formal nomination process on that date, he made sure that Gov. Cooper got his rightful appointment. As an extra thumb at the Republicans, Judge Arrowood also happens to be openly gay   the first openly gay judge on the Court of Appeals.In his very short resignation letter, Judge McCullough explained his actions: I did not want my legacy to be the elimination of a seat and the impairment of a court that I have served on. Thank you, Judge McCullough, for doing the right thing here. Republicans in this nation care only about power and partisanship, not about country. Thank you for being one of the good guys. Maybe a few others will follow in your footsteps and put country first as well.Featured image via The Advocate (Cooper)/Loiacono Literary Agency (McCullough)",0
1691, Trump Supporter Scott Baio Makes SHOCKINGLY Insensitive Comment About Former Co-Star’s Death,"On Saturday, the internet was shocked to learn of the apparent sudden death of former Happy Days and Joanie Loves Chachi star, Erin Moran, who was only 56. The internet being the internet, people waited with bated breath to hear what the co-star and ex-boyfriend formerly known as Chachi and currently known as a right-wing nut job had to say about Moran. Scott Baio s response was exactly as assholish as you d expect it to be if you ve followed what he calls a career in recent years.His comment started out respectfully enough.My sincere condolences. #ErinMoran #HappyDaysFamily pic.twitter.com/5b0AbioZEc  Scott Baio (@ScottBaio) April 23, 2017Then things took a horrible turn when he was interviewed on The Bernie and Sid show on WABC. My thing is, I feel bad because her whole life, she was troubled, could never find what made her happy and content. For me, you do drugs or drink, you re gonna die,  he continued. I m sorry if that s cold, but God gave you a brain, gave you the will to live and thrive and you gotta take care of yourself,  Baio told the radio hosts.  I m saddened by what happened. I don t know if it was drugs that killed her, I read one report said it might have been and I hope it   I don t know what I hope. It s what it is. What can you do? She was just an insecure human being and fell into this world of drugs and alcohol. Again, I don t know if that s what killed her, I m sure it was a culmination of years and years of doing it that might have had something to do with it. She just never found her way,  he said, revealing that he had tried to get her help many years ago. How do you help somebody that doesn t want to help themselves?  he asked rhetorically.  You try a couple of times and if they don t want the help, I gotta go, sorry. Baio was right about one thing. He didn t know how Moran died. She had stage four cancer.Now, Baio is on the defensive, blaming the backlash on the fact that he supported Donald Trump (his Twitter photo is with Trump).I said  IF . @ChaseMit . My wife @MrsScottBaio spoke to Erin less than 1 month ago. You bash me ONLY because I support Pres @realDonaldTrump  Scott Baio (@ScottBaio) April 24, 2017Then, like his orange idol, Baio blamed the media for at first reporting on Moran s drug use.The media did first speculate that it was drug use, but that wasn t what was offensive about Baio s interview. What was offensive was his harsh judgment of, regardless of how she died, a sick woman. Baio, like most Republicans these days, believes that he is holier than thou and like Trump, when called out on it, lashes out and blames the  fake media. As for Moran, we can only hope she finds the peace she deserves and we wish her loved ones the best.Featured image via Getty/Alex Wong",0
1692, Republicans Just RUINED Trump’s Plan To Bully The Government Into Funding Border Wall (DETAILS),"Donald Trump has just been screwed over by members of his own party, thanks to his insistence on a border wall that is absolutely pointless and won t actually work.At Congress has been at a standstill over including Trump s border wall in government spending, Republican lawmakers are now agreeing with Democrats by supporting a  clean  spending bill so the government won t have to stop working on Friday. This push takes Trump s border wall out of the running for funding.Josh Gottheimer (D-NJ) said: Ideological litmus tests on a spending bill like this simply create partisan roadblocks. With so many pressing issues facing our country, we need to work together to keep the lights on and avoid another expensive shutdown that weakens not only our economy but our national security. Mick Mulvaney, who is Trump s budget director, tried to make a deal with Congress by promising that Obamacare would get more funding if Trump s wall was funded. Clearly okay with manipulating Americans into funding a wall that no one wants, Mulvaney said: We d offer them $1 of CSR [Obamacare] payments for $1 of wall payments. Right now that s the offer that we ve given to our Democratic colleagues. No one in the Democratic party actually wants this border wall to be funded   and Chuck Schumer pointed out exactly why. These are points that even Republicans can t argue with:A spokesman for Schumer blasted the Trump administration for trying to use Obamacare to bribe lawmakers into funding Trump s wall: The White House gambit to hold hostage health care for millions of Americans, in order to force American taxpayers to foot the bill for a wall that the President said would be paid for by Mexico is a complete non-starter.The US government is supposed to take care of its citizens and, according to the President, Mexico is supposed to pay for the wall. If the administration would drop their 11th hour demand for a wall that Democrats, and a good number of Republicans oppose, Congressional leaders could quickly reach a deal. Trump needs to just admit that the border wall he promised his brainless supporters was a flawed idea, and it is only going to cost America in the end.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
1693, Republicans Are Secretly TERRIFIED That Trump Is Already Handing Congress To The Democrats,"How bad is Trump for the GOP? It seems he s worse than many would have guessed. As his 100th day in office approaches, more people are noticing that he s gotten nothing done. And the party is starting to realize just how much of a problem this could be. Lawmakers who are up for election every two years pretty much never stop campaigning, and the parties are always working on the next election.But the Republican Party is having trouble finding candidates who will commit to running for 2018. According to Politico: Potential GOP candidates whom party leaders want to recruit are afraid of walking into a buzz saw, uncertain about what kind of political environment they ll be facing by the time the midterms come around   and what Trump s record will look like But interviews with more than a dozen top Republican operatives, donors and officials reveal a growing trepidation about how the initial days of the new political season are unfolding. And they underscore a deep anxiety about how the party will position itself in 2018 as it grapples with the leadership of an unpredictable president still acclimating to Washington. Trump and his mouthpieces keep assuring the press that things are humming along and that he s already accomplished a great deal. If they re talking about all the executive orders, then Zac Petkanas has some harsh words for them. According to him, all those EOs are just theater   a way to look like he s doing something:.@Zac_Petkanas on @POTUS  first 100 days:  Most of these executive orders, they re theater It is the perception of activity.  #first100 pic.twitter.com/XwFUxFLrYC  Fox News (@FoxNews) April 24, 2017They re also worried about vacant House seats in deep red states. Jon Ossof, in Georgia, very narrowly lost his special election outright and will proceed to a runoff in June against Republican candidate Karen Handel. In Kansas, the Democratic candidate made it a much closer race than it otherwise should have been.Democrats who don t really vote all that much have been turning out for these elections at a far higher rate than Republicans who don t vote too much. Furthermore, not only is Trump s approval rating at a record low for this point in his administration, but Congress  own approval rating   particularly that of Republicans   has fallen sharply since February, too. A big part of that is their failure to pass their healthcare bill along with the looming shutdown threat.In other words, 2018 is starting to look like a referendum on Trump and his sheer incompetence. And that has Republicans running scared.Good.Featured image by Aude Guerrucci-Pool via Getty Images",0
1694, Donald Trump Just Used The World Trade Center Collapsing To Brag About Himself (FULL QUOTE),"It s become more than obvious that Donald Trump has absolutely no filter when he speaks. He says exactly what is on his mind, and as it would appear, he may even believe his own lies.What Trump also seems to believe, is that he s the best thing that ever happened to the world and we should all be grateful to be alive during his existence on the planet. He s obsessed with how much people either like him or don t like him, and what he s most obsessed with is ratings. He seems to live for ratings and how many people saw him at any particular time. It s very pathetic that he seems to need this gratification.However, in a recent unfiltered moment from Trump, he compared himself to 9/11/01 and the ratings  Face the Nation  got covering the World Trade Center collapsing.In an interview with The Associated Press, as they spoke with Trump, they said: And that s one of the difficulties I think presidents have had is that you can have these personal relationships with people from the other party, but then it s hard to actually change how people vote or change how people  This is when Trump decided to say: No I have, it s interesting, I have, seem to get very high ratings. I definitely. You know Chris Wallace had 9.2 million people, it s the highest in the history of the show. I have all the ratings for all those morning shows. When I go, they go double, triple. Chris Wallace, look back during the Army-Navy football game, I did his show that morning. Um, ok  and AP responded with,  I remember, right.  However, Trump wasn t done. He continued: It had 9.2 million people. It s the highest they ve ever had. On any, on air, (CBS  Face the Nation  host John) Dickerson had 5.2 million people. It s the highest for  Face the Nation  or as I call it,  Deface the Nation.  It s the highest for  Deface the Nation  since the World Trade Center. Since the World Trade Center came down. It s a tremendous advantage. He then went off on a tangent about the  fake news  or whatever.The fact that he s comparing, and randomly so, his ratings on a show to the coverage of the World Trade Center collapsing isn t only bizarre, it s depraved. He s literally trying to say that he s so popular, he can beat the ratings of the worst domestic disaster on American soil. Not only that, he says this after making a terrible joke.What the f**k is wrong with him? This is about as shameful as one could EVER possibly get.Featured photo via Getty Images",0
1695, DISGUSTING GOP Plan Would Make People Prove They Are Worthy Of Healthcare,"Poverty is a moral failure, don t you know? Being born rich is the only thing that washes away all sins (or is it that rich people are born without sin?), at least that s the attitude of modern Republicans. Kentucky s governor, though, has a solution for that. Like a child earning an allowance, Governor Matt Bevin devised a chart where people can earn points with good behavior and those points would help them cover health care costs.The plan, which sounds more like a virtual punch card you might use at a Marriott, rather than one for attaining healthcare, is called  MyRewards Account.  MyRewards Account is a list of hoops that poor people have to jump through before they earn enough points to get dental or eye exams. Bevin is selling it as an expansion of benefits, when in reality, it s a humiliating way to make the most basic human right of healthcare as a carrot with a huge stick attached to it.The biggest change is Bevin s proposal to charge premiums for Medicaid and impose an annual $1,000 deductible before the program covers beneficiaries  health care costs. Those are big price hikes for people who can t afford them. Similar policies have driven down insurance rates and harmed public health outcomes in other states already.Source: Think ProgressThe plan would give petty sums of money to be used toward healthcare benefits that Kentuckyians currently enjoy for doing things like try to find a job, when in fact, most Medicaid recipients do have jobs. It also rewards people for not smoking or for having  no inappropriate ER visits.  You d better hope that isn t really indigestion before claiming you might be having a heart attack.CREDIT: Kentucky HEALTH Program Requirements SpecificationObviously, this intrusive and completely unjust plan has more than a few critics, including anyone who cares at all about personal liberties (isn t that what these Ayn Rand humpers are all about?) This requires building a massive database about people s individual behaviors, and then keeping it up. Never mind that it s massively expensive, it also feels very invasive,  former Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) administrator Andy Slavitt said in an interview.  I m not sure the government should be tracking if I put on five pounds, or if I m advancing in my job, or what grade I got on my GED exam. The party that doesn t seem concerned at all that their president hasn t even provided his tax returns see no hypocrisy in their insistence that the poor live under a microscope. The poor are not children who need constant suprevision, they are adults are deserve to be treated as such. Remember, Christians, Jesus was poor.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
1696, Trump Runs Full Page Ad For Mar-a-Lago Across Several Government Websites,"Visitors to several government websites may notice that there is an article popping up highlighting Mar-a-Lago   which is odd because Mar-a-Lago isn t government property, its a private resort owned and managed by Donald Trump himself. Burrowing into the article, a reader may notice that the piece isn t written in a dry, serious tone befitting a governmental agency, its one glorified advertisement for the place Trump and his family exclusively profit from which places a positive spin on Trump s Mar-a-Lago profiteering.Right from the start, the marketing angle is obvious. It, like Trump, insists on calling Mar-a-Lago the  Winter White House  a term made up by Trump to justify his numerous vacations to Florida. Nobody agreed to label Mar-a-Lago the  winter White House  and given its lack of security and the way it profits from Trump s access, calling it a White House is in all likelihood illegal. Nevertheless, Trump and writer Leigh Hartman insist.Mar-a-Lago, President Trump s Florida estate, has become well known as the president frequently travels there to work or host foreign leaders.The first meeting between Trump and President Xi Jinping of China will take place April 6 7 at Mar-a-Lago, which is located at the heart of Florida s Palm Beach community.From his base at Mar-a-Lago, Trump has golfed over a dozen times at a golf course he owns in Florida. He does not, by any account, do much  work  while he is there. In at least one example, Trump s morning filled with  meetings  turned out to be Trump s attempt to bingewatch golf in an empty dining room with two friends.Someone just posted this on Instagram from Trump's golf club. POTUS appears to be watching Golf Channel with 2 other people. pic.twitter.com/5LpVRHR1Do  Steve Kopack (@SteveKopack) March 26, 2017The article only gets more absurd from there.After refurbishing the house and adding an events space, Trump opened the estate to dues-paying members of the public in 1995 as the Mar-a-Lago Club.Post s dream of a winter White House came true with Trump s election in 2016. Trump regularly works out of the house he maintains at Mar-a-Lago and uses the club to host foreign dignitaries. Dues-paying members of the public  is code for  rich people.  Those members now have untold access to Donald Trump and many have been seen dining near Trump while the president discusses sensitive, sometimes classified information. They giddily share their brushes with Trump on social media, including once photographing the military staffer in charge of carrying the  nuclear football.  On Trump s end, he does much to entertain the people who pay him. Before the annual White House egg roll, Trump threw a private Easter party for rich families at Mar-a-Lago the night before.VIPs come first pic.twitter.com/75hLNSIFk2  southpaw (@nycsouthpaw) April 16, 2017And in case readers didn t understand why they should pay to go there, here is a fluffy description of the features:When socialite and cereal heiress Marjorie Merriweather Post built Mar-a-Lago   Spanish for  Sea to Lake    in 1927, she spared no expense. The 114-room mansion sits on 8 hectares of land, with the Atlantic Ocean on one side and an inland waterway on the other.The ornate Jazz Age house was designed with Old-World Spanish, Venetian and Portuguese influences and decorated with Post s personal collection of antiques.It s baffling to think why this advertisement for Mar-a-Lago would be allowed on any government website, but it has shown up on at least two. It seems to have originated on  Share America,  a website run by the State Department with pro-America articles written in the vein of  Upworthy.  From there it was posted inexplicably on the website for the U.S. Embassy in the United Kingdom. No other articles of this nature show up on that website. The Mar-a-Lago promo seems to be unique.It s hard to imagine this isn t blatantly illegal. Trump s private business is once again getting a major boost thanks to the government Trump now believes he controls. It s like cranking his conflict of interest violations up to 11.Featured image via screengrab",0
1697, Trump Threatens Government Shutdown If Congress Doesn’t Approve Billions To Fund His Border Wall,"Donald Trump and the Republicans are about to prove once and for all that they are incapable of governing.Despite having control of Congress and the White House, Republicans are on the verge of causing a government shutdown because Trump is demanding that funding for his useless border wall be included in the budget.The deadline to pass a new budget is Friday, when the temporary funding bill that was passed in December expires.Over the weekend, Trump s budget director Mick Mulvaney made it clear that Trump is obsessed with funding the massive wall and that not funding the project would be unacceptable. This suggests that Trump will veto any budget that does not include it. We ve finally boiled this negotiation down to something we want very badly that the Democrats really don t like and that s the border wall,  Mulvaney claimed.  At the same time, there s something they want very badly that we don t like very much, which are these cost-sharing reductions in the Obamacare payments. Trump followed up with a series of tweets on Sunday.ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going   otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 23, 2017The Democrats don t want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 23, 2017Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 23, 2017Yes, Mulvaney and Trump are literally threatening to take healthcare away from Americans if Democrats and Republicans continue to refuse to waste taxpayer dollars on a wall that won t do anything to reduce the number of undocumented immigrants crossing into the country.As the Berlin Wall demonstrated, people will still find a way to cross the border if they are desperate enough, even at the risk of death.Also, the number of people crossing the border illegally is already way down and has been for some time. The number was even dropping while President Obama was in office. The drop in the number of undocumented immigrants crossing the border makes Trump s wall even more unnecessary.The wall would not only cost billions to build, it s likely that a Mexican company would be contracted to do the work and it would irreparably harm migration patterns of animals and destroy habitats.Overall, the wall is a bad idea. But Trump is desperate to achieve anything as his first 100 days come to a close. Trump made a lot of promises about what he would do in his first 100 days, and the border wall was his top promise.But the wall is an unpopular idea as well. Only 28 percent of Americans support it, and Republicans and Democrats in the Southwest agree that it shouldn t be built.If Trump and Republicans continue to insist on wasting taxpayer dollars on a wall, a government shutdown is inevitable and Democrats won t be at fault.The last two major government shutdowns were in 1995 and 2013. In both instances, a Democrat was in the White House. But Republicans controlled Congress in 1995 and controlled the House in 2013 while Democrats controlled the Senate, albeit without a 60-vote majority and the fact that Republicans obstructed everything.The point is, however, that the American people blamed Republicans for both of those shutdowns. And they will definitely blame Republicans again because Republicans control the White House and Congress this time.Republicans are literally facing a no-win scenario.Republicans in the House and Senate NEED Democrats in order to pass Trump s wall funding because 60 votes are needed in the Senate and it s likely that hardline conservatives will vote against the budget in the House.And since many Republicans also don t support the wall, it s looking like Trump will have to be the one to back down and we all know that Trump doesn t like backing down. And that means he will be the one responsible for causing a government shutdown that will hurt our country, no matter hard hard he tries to pin the blame on Democrats. Democrats do not control Congress, nor do they control the White House. This is all on Trump and Republicans.Featured Image: Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1698, Trump Insists He Would Still Beat Hillary In The Popular Vote Even Though He Lost By A Landslide,"Donald Trump is still delusional and Twitter users were quick to remind him of who lost the popular vote in November.It s been almost six months since the 2016 Election concluded in November, but Trump is still under the delusion that he won the popular vote and is insisting that he would still win if another election were held.In a pair of tweets on Sunday, Trump declared that the ABC News/Washington Post poll is  fake news  even though the poll showed that most Trump supporters don t regret their vote and that a slim majority approve of his foreign policy and his pressure on American companies to keep jobs here. Apparently, Trump only believes polls are fake when the numbers are against him.For instance, his approval rating is the lowest for any president since 1945 in the first 100 days. And most Americans don t trust him.Trump also liked the part of the poll that suggests he would win the popular vote if the election were held again.New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in  ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 23, 2017 popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me & 53% said strong leader.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 23, 2017The problem is that Trump lost the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes in 2016 despite low voter turnout by Democrats and a protest vote against Hillary in favor of third party candidates.Twitter users didn t wait long to put Trump in his place.@realDonaldTrump  Would still beat Hillary in the popular vote  you NEVER beat Hillary in the popular vote. How do people take you seriously?!  William LeGate (@williamlegate) April 23, 2017@realDonaldTrump YOU DIDN T WIN THE POPULAR VOTE.???? BTW, where is all the evidence of those  3 million illegal votes ? We re waiting. pic.twitter.com/ZA8bHeFV3A  Holly #TheResistance (@AynRandPaulRyan) April 23, 2017@realDonaldTrump Would you like to note the rest of the poll? 52% said they would not trust you in a crisis.  Shawn Garrett (@ShawnGarrett) April 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump STILL beat her? You didn t beat her in popular vote. What planet do you live on? #EarlyStageAlzheimers #DementiaSettingIn  T   I  (@TheMIXXRadio) April 23, 2017@realDonaldTrump What an egotistic, incurably delusional man-child. What happened to you before, that makes you constantly feel the need for validation? SAD!  Francis B. Baraan (@MrFrankBaraan) April 23, 2017@realDonaldTrump Umm you lost by 3 million votes. Maybe you should worry about getting stuff done and not about an election that happened six months ago  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) April 23, 2017Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1699, Trump Loses Track Of His Rant Mid-Meltdown Just As Questions Over His Mental Health Resurface,"One Twitter user it put it this way: Thanks to his love of social media, we are watching the President of the United States have a mental collapse right in front of our eyes. In real time. It may explain why psychologists have noted a steep rise in cases of anxiety since the election. The man in charge   already the least qualified in U.S. history   is plainly not well.And speculation over Trump s mental health has only gotten worse since the release of a damning Associated Press interview in which he seems incapable of stringing together even a single coherent sentence. The full transcript is depressingly bonkers, but here s a taste:TRUMP: OK. The one thing I ve learned to do that I never thought I had the ability to do. I don t watch CNN anymore.AP: You just said you did.TRUMP: No. No, I, if I m passing it, what did I just say (inaudible)?AP: You just said  TRUMP: Where? Where?AP: Two minutes ago.And here s another:You have to love people. And if you love people, such a big responsibility. (unintelligible) You can take any single thing, including even taxes. I mean we re going to be doing major tax reform. Here s part of your story, it s going to be a big (unintelligible). Everybody s saying,  Oh, he s delaying.  I m not delaying anything. I ll tell you the other thing is (unintelligible). I used to get great press. I get the worst press. I get such dishonest reporting with the media. That s another thing that really has   I ve never had anything like it before. It happened during the primaries, and I said, you know, when I won, I said,  Well the one thing good is now I ll get good press.  And it got worse. (unintelligible) So that was one thing that a little bit of a surprise to me. I thought the press would become better, and it actually, in my opinion, got more nasty.The interview goes on like that   a rambling, incoherent word salad   for its entire duration. Adding to that is Trump s own Twitter behavior, which has gone from unhinged to something far more unsettling. He s at the point where his persecution complex, or his anger, or his mental health crisis has reached such an intensity that he can t even remember to finish his 140 character thoughts. This morning, Trump woke up still angry that he s the most unpopular president at his 100-day mark in America s history. He lashed out.The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 24, 2017 If what? He never says. For two hours, the  if  has hung on the end of his mini-meltdown without an answer. He lost his train of thought within the span of two tweets.Two hours later, Trump tweeted a completely unrelated message.#CongratsPeggy! https://t.co/e1q36nKT8g  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 24, 2017For these reasons and more, mental health professionals have been begging Congress to look into whether Trump is mentally fit to serve as president. By his own actions, Trump is raising serious doubts as to whether he can be tasked with such a great responsibility.UPDATE: Three hours later, someone on Trump s staff finally told Trump to finish his thought .the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!#BuildTheWall  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 24, 2017Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1700, ‘He’s Not Doing What I Thought’: Voters Pissed Off Over Wasting Their Vote On Trump (VIDEO),"During a sit down with Trump voters, CNN got their take on the alleged president s first 100 days. With polls showing Trump as the most unpopular president in history, some of the former reality show star s most ardent supporters have stood by him but others are fed up. One Trump supporter has had it with Trump s broken promises, such as the vow to work on the opioid epidemic spreading across America. Another Trump voter, Scott McCommons, said that he was  disappointed  with Trump s first 100 days, calling it was a  disaster. He s got enough time to get on Twitter, and rant and rave, and on top of that lie on Twitter,  he said.  I voted for the man to make America great again, and I m willing to give him a chance, but he s not doing what I thought, that he made promises at rallies that I went to. I expected him to work a little harder [on health care],  he continued.  Be a little more reasonable instead of threatening people. That s unpresidential. I voted to send him to Washington strictly because I thought he would make change, nobody would push him around. He s used his power against people, I think that s wrong. gt s been a disaster, I think, in the first 100 days. If I were to vote tomorrow, I would not vote for him,  he added.Watch courtesy of CNN:As the CNN host pointed out, Trump campaigned as the ultimate deal maker. One strong supporter of Trump s blamed House Speaker Paul Ryan for that. McCommons said Trump  isn t willing to sit down at the table and negotiate. If only Trump supporters were warned that the alleged billionaire was a con man. Oh wait, they were. And now, here we are having to deal with a hot mess as Donald Trump once again targets millions of Americans  health care while still insisting that Mexico will pay for his vanity-wall.Image via screen capture",0
1701, WATCH: Nebraska Farmer Politely SHREDS Every Last Pro-Keystone XL Talking Point Fox News Host Has,"Landowners in Nebraska are understandably upset about the Trump administration greenlighting Keystone XL because it will run near or through their lands, most of which are farms. One man, Art Tanderup, who has a small, 160-acre farm in the path of Keystone XL, appeared on Fox News to discuss the problem. And he proved that he knows much more about it than the talking heads who keep trumpeting how great it is.Tanderup leads a group of 90 Nebraska farmers who are suing to stop Keystone XL s construction. When host Sandra Smith asked him if this was a  not in my backyard  thing, and whether he would fight it this aggressively if it wasn t in his backyard, he replied with: Yes we would. After we learned how destructive the chemicals in the tar sands are, we have come to realize that this type of fossil fuel should not be happening, and it doesn t matter where it s at. We need to look for other sources of renewable energy. Smith also asked him what the group s goals are, and he said: Our goal is to keep this pipeline out of the eastern sand hills of Nebraska and off the Ogallala aquifer. Our premium goal would be to leave the tar sands in the ground and move more rapidly to renewable fuels. There was discussion about the quality of tar sands oil, which is terrible   tar sands oil is dirty as hell, and refining it produces a byproduct that s worse than coal when burned (and guess what? We sell that byproduct to China, who then burns it!). It also only produces poor quality fuel, and Trans Canada would be sending it through the pipeline to Texas for refining, after which it would be exported overseas. We get no benefit at all except for possibly a few new jobs at a refinery.Smith tried to make the pipeline sound safer than rail when it comes to moving oil, and it is, but Tanderup even shot down that talking point. It was like she never even heard him say that his group believes the tar sands should stay where they are, or really, anything else he said.Watch below:Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
1702, The GOP Congress Just Moved To Let Big Banks And The Super Rich Screw You Over,"The biggest threat to the oligarchy is for the  little guy  to have a voice, any type of voice. Republicans hate when poor people, especially minorities, vote, and now they want to restrict the way we can vote with our money.The bill, which would eliminate the banking regulations made law in 2010, as a response to the near collapse of the economy, in Dodd-Frank. As if that wasn t bad enough, there s an easter egg in the bill that would for all intents and purposes, silence small investors.Under current law, any investor, as long as they own about $2,000 in stocks, has the right to attend shareholder meetings and file proposals. In other words, any investor has a voice in how a company is run. Texas Rep. Jeb Hensarling (R) chairs the House Financial Services Committee and his bill, which would replace Dodd-Frank, would also limit the number of people who have a voice to at most 100 people. Under his bill, only shareholders who own at least one percent of the company have any voice at all.That doesn t sound huge but think about it for a moment. Exxon is worth $392 billion. To have a voice at all, you would need to own almost $4 billion in stock. That means that if you aren t happy with Exxon s drilling practices, the company will tell you to screw yourself.If you think shareholders are generally already sympathetic to the direction of any given company, you d be wrong. There are many examples throughout history of shareholders forcing companies to do the right thing.Here s just one example:Appalled by a Bloomberg Markets Magazine cover story that linked American steel company Nucor Corp. to pig iron suppliers in Brazil who used slave labor, an investment firm with a stake in Nucor called for corrective action. Their mechanism: a shareholder resolution. The proposal appeared on Nucor s 2009 proxy statement prior to a yearly shareholder meeting   and 27 percent of the company s shareholders voted in favor it.Nucor stalled at first, but within a year, the steelmaker told the stakeholding company, Domini Social Investments LLC (now Domini Impact Investments) that it had begun requiring its manufacturers to sign an agreement with a group of nongovernmental organizations, including a pledge to break ties altogether with the suppliers using forced labor.Source: IB TimesShareholders have also been quite effective at forcing companies to be more environmentally friendly.Just who are these soon to be disenfranchised shareholders? Well, they can be anyone with a 401K or a pension. In other words, they can be you or me.Featured image via Zach Gibson/Getty Images",0
1703, Trump Won’t Give Sean Spicer The Boot Because ‘That Guy Gets Great Ratings’,"White House press secretary Sean Spicer is a trainwreck. After all, this is the guy who said Hitler really wasn t that bad. Everybody tunes in daily to see what ridiculous assertion will come out of his mouth this time, and apparently, that is all the job security he needs in Donald Trump s administration.According to the Washington Post, Trump has no intention of firing Spicer because he  gets great ratings,  and in Trump s White House, ratings matter far more than facts. The WaPo article explores Trump s obsession with cable news and revealed that Spicer s job is safe as long as he can keep people turning in to watch him crash and burn. I m not firing Sean Spicer,  Trump said, according to sources.  That guy gets great ratings. Everyone tunes in. The Washington Post reports that  most of the televisions in the West Wing display four channels at all times  CNN, Fox, Fox Business and MSNBC.  The article also noted that  during an intimate lunch recently with a key outside ally in a small West Wing dining room, for instance, Trump repeatedly paused the conversation to make the group watch a particularly combative Spicer briefing. Spicer has become a laughing stock. Saturday Night Live has had a blast lampooning him in recent months, with Melissa McCarthy playing the role of the press secretary. The fact that Spicer was portrayed on SNL by a woman seemed to be more upsetting to Trump than any of Spicer s numerous gaffes.The press secretary kicked off his very first press conference by claiming that Trump s inauguration really didn t have a pathetic turnout, despite pictures proving he was full of it. And things have only gone downhill from there. But as long as America keeps tuning in for Spicer s daily dumpster fires press briefings, he can rest assured that Trump is going to keep him around. Because priorities.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1704, Yale Professor Explains Exactly Why We Need To Compare Trump To Hitler,"In the late 20th Century, author and attorney Mike Godwin said that  as an online discussion grows longer, the probability of a comparison involving Hitler approaches.  Soon, though,  Godwin s Law  was used to invalidate any mention of Hitler, which effectively worked to white-wash a significant portion of 20th century history.Who knows, that could be why we re seeing a rise in holocaust denial and the election of Donald Trump. Now, a Yale Professor is taking on that very issue, saying that our fear of making Hitler comparisons is making us historically illiterate.Yale history professor, and author of  On Tyranny: Twenty Lessons from the Twentieth Century,  Timothy Snyder isn t going so far to say that Trump is like Hitler, but he is saying that there are a lot of lessons to be learned from Hitler, specifically in how democratic republics fail and that our refusal to even talk about Hitler simply feeds our intellectual laziness.So the way to start the discussion about comparisons is to point out that Americans are extremely lazy about history. I mean that s one way in which were definitely number one among major nations. And one of the ways we re lazy about history is that as soon as anyone suggests that the past might be useful, then we say  but wait it s not exactly the same and therefore I m just going to discard it.  In that way in two or three seconds we give ourselves an excuse not to think about history.Source: Business InsiderHere s the video:var playerParam = {'pcode':'BhdmY6l9g002rBhQ6aEBZiheacDu','playerBrandingId':'6e12e8b3387a44daacfb73afba25a76e','skin': {'config': '//player.ooyala.com/static/v4/stable/latest/skin-plugin/skin.json'} };OO.ready(function() {window.pp = OO.Player.create('container', 'B1MWNzYTE6PYNvENSzDs8rjZyVjOKMu8', playerParam);        });The main reason for studying history, other than the fact that it s fascinating as hell, is to learn from what our forebears got wrong as well as from what they got right. Clearly, a hell of a lot went wrong during the late part of the 19th Century and the first half of the 20th Century. There were the robber barons, there was the Great Depression and there was the rise of fascism that killed millions of people. Perhaps if we weren t so lazy about history, we wouldn t need to talk about income inequality and banks wouldn t be too big to fail. If Mike Godwin hadn t been so wildly misinterpreted, perhaps we would not have have been silenced when comparing Trump s white nationalist following to that of Hitler. Instead, neo-nazis are now an actual voting bloc and the nation s press secretary can conveniently ignore the fact that Hitler gassed six million Jews. Hey, at least Spicer is getting us to talk about history.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1705, Delusional Trump Hilariously Thinks Angela Merkel Likes Him (DETAILS),"We all remember the absolutely disastrous visit Donald Trump had with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. He infamously made her look at him like he had lost his mind when joked about her allegedly being wiretapped by the Obama Administration while he was busy trying to defend his own false claims that Obama wiretapped Trump Tower, refused to shake Merkel s hand during a photo op, and even tried to give her a bill for NATO worth billions of dollars.Trump, however, seems to have a very different memory of his visit with the German leader. While speaking of the visit with the Associated Press, Trump said: Yeah, it s funny: One of the best chemistries I had was with Merkel. As if that weren t ridiculous enough, considering that the whole world saw how that visit actually went, Trump continued, this time trying to excuse his rudeness with the handshake debacle: And I guess somebody shouted out,  Shake her hand, shake her hand,  you know. But I never heard it. But I had already shaken her hand four times. You know, because we were together for a long time. He went on to boast: Because, um, I m at odds on, you know, the NATO payments and I m at odds on immigration. Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
1706, Fox News Rails Against Media Coverage of Trump’s First 100 Days – Here’s How They Covered Obama’s,"Donald Trump s media mouthpiece, Fox News, is trying to put a positive spin on his terrible first 100 days, just like Reince Priebus and Trump himself. Part of what Fox is doing seems to be taking to Twitter to loudly complain about how the rest of the media has covered his first 100 days. Needless to say, they are very unhappy that the media s coverage has been overwhelmingly negative. To them, this demonstrates a very obvious hatred of Trump:The media s 100-day war against @POTUS. pic.twitter.com/orcTyETvzt  Fox News (@FoxNews) April 23, 2017Study: 89% of broadcast news coverage of the Trump Administration has been negative. pic.twitter.com/bSV5vCoDZZ  Fox News (@FoxNews) April 23, 2017TV News pushed relentlessly negative agenda. pic.twitter.com/G09jhqdra3  Fox News (@FoxNews) April 23, 2017But this is because it s Trump. Fox News was similarly negative during Obama s first 100 days. According to George Mason University s Center for Media Affairs, Bret Baier s  Special Report  only gave positive coverage to Obama 23 percent of the time (they analyzed  Special Report  because it most closely resembles traditional broadcast news). 77 percent of their coverage was negative.Overall, only 21 percent of Fox s total coverage was positive, and that number dropped to 15 percent when discussing his policies.Perhaps more than that, though, is the fact that Fox declared their opposition to Obama as quickly as they could. In April of 2009, they were openly urging their viewers to get involved in Tea Party protests against President Obama s fiscal policy.Furthermore, they weren t afraid to use words like socialism, fascism, Marxism and even communism. They uttered those words 1,400 times during Obama s first 100 days, or 14 times per day.So really, where do they get off whining about how the media s covering Trump? The fact of the matter is that Trump has actually been a complete disaster since he got elected. His proposals are literally impossible, he thought he could strongarm both Congress and hostile world leaders into falling in line behind him, and he s spent more time golfing in his first 100 days than Obama spent in his entire first year. Calling all this out is part of the media s job.Photo of Donald Trump by Mark Wilson/Getty Images. Photo of President Obama by Kevin Dietsch-Pool/Getty Images",0
1707, WATCH: Republican Heartlessly Tells A Mother That If Her Son Wants Healthcare He Should Get A Better Job,"Wow. The cruelty of Republicans knows no bounds.Apparently, Republicans truly believe that healthcare is a privilege that only people with money should be able to receive.That s basically what Ohio GOP Rep. Warren Davidson told a mother who expressed her concern that her son won t have healthcare coverage if Republicans repeal the Affordable Care Act.The woman s son works in the service industry, which usually does not provide health insurance to workers. Pay is also low enough that workers qualify for Medicaid, a program that Republicans fiercely oppose because it benefits low-income Americans.Prior to the passage of the Affordable Care Act, her son did not have health insurance. He, like millions of other Americans, could not afford it. But the Medicaid expansion finally gave him the healthcare coverage he desperately needed. Now that is being threatened by Donald Trump and the Republican-controlled Congress. Can you explain why my son and millions of others in his situation are not deserving of affordable, decent health care that has essential benefits so that he can stay healthy and continue working?  the mother asked Davidson at a town hall event on Tuesday.Davidson responded by giving a heartless answer that resulted in a round of boos and jeers from the crowd in attendance. OK, I don t know anything about your son, but as you described him, his skills are focused in an industry that doesn t have the kind of options that you want him to have for health care. So, I don t believe that these taxpayers here are entitled to give that to him. I believe he s got the opportunity to go earn those health benefits. First of all, service industry workers pay taxes, too. So they have every right to be covered by Medicaid. Second, healthcare is a right that everyone should have regardless of where they work or what industry they work in. Third, there are not enough of the kind of jobs Davidson is talking about to provide everyone in this country with workplace-provided healthcare coverage benefits. And finally, if Davidson and his Republican colleagues got off their asses and passed a law requiring the multi-billion dollar service industry to provide healthcare to their workers or pay their workers enough so they can afford to buy good health insurance plans themselves, this woman s son and millions of others would not have to live in fear of losing their coverage.But Davidson literally told this woman to tell her son to get a different job. And he dug the hole deeper for himself by compare health insurance to cell phones. If he doesn t want a catastrophic care plan, don t buy a catastrophic care plan. If you don t want a flip-phone, don t buy a flip-phone,  Davidson said. Once again, the crowd reacted in total disgust.Buying a cell phone is NOT the same as buying health insurance, and it s time for Republicans to that through their thick skulls.Health insurance costs hundreds of dollars a month or more while a cell phone payment plan is relatively cheap.In response to Davidson s remark, the woman snapped back and then walked away with the knowledge that her own congressman doesn t give a damn about her or her family. I m sorry, health care is much different than a cell phone and I m tired of people using cell phone analogies with health care,  she said.Here s the video via YouTube. The exchange begin at the 37 minute mark:This is why Republicans should be ousted in 2018.Featured image via screenshot",0
1708, Lying Liar Reince Priebus Says Trump Is Fulfilling Pledges At ‘Breakneck Speed’ (VIDEO),"Even though amateur president Donald Trump will likely reach the 100-day mark of his alleged presidency with no notable legislation while his contract  with the American voter  still sits on his website, White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said on Sunday on NBC s  Meet the Press  that the former reality show star is fulfilling his campaign promises at  breakneck speed. And then, as if he had never met members of his own party before, Priebus blamed  historical unbelievable obstruction  from Democratic senators for the hundreds of jobs throughout the federal government the Trump s administration has failed to fill, according to Talking Points Memo:Republicans aren t called the  party of no  for no reason.In late January of 2009 after former President Barack Obama took office, this happened:The Republicans were pumped because they saw a path out of the political wilderness. They were convinced that even if Obama kept winning policy battles, they could win the broader messaging war simply by remaining unified and fighting him on everything. Their conference chairman, a then-obscure Indiana conservative named Mike Pence, underscored the point with a clip from Patton, showing the general rallying his troops for war against their Nazi enemy:  We re going to kick the hell out of him all the time! We re going to go through him like crap through a goose! From day one, Congressional Republicans made opposing Obama a political strategy. And now, one of those Republicans, Mike Pence, is vice-president.Here is Trump s  breakneck  speed at breaking promises:The Muslim ban was not implemented. Hillary Clinton will not be locked up. As a candidate, Trump repeatedly promised that he would declare China a currency manipulator immediately after he took office and now he says,  They re not currency manipulators.  Trump said he will build a wall on the US-Mexico border, and Mexico will pay for it. Mexico is not paying for it. The taxpayers are. Trump s campaign website stated, (It has since been deleted but the Internet is forever)  On day one of the Trump Administration, we will ask Congress to immediately deliver a full repeal of Obamacare.  Trump promised to Drain the Swamp, but instead filled it up with Goldman Sachs alumni. Trump said he would give the military s top generals 30 days to submit a plan for defeating ISIS and that hasn t happened.And that s just the short list. To be sure, we re glad those promises, aside from that swamp issue, are unfulfilled. But facts matter and Reince is lying.Image via screen capture. ",0
1709," Once Again, Trump Proves How INCREDIBLY Ignorant He Is About The World (DETAILS)","President Donald Trump does not know anything about foreign policy. Now, it appears, he knows just as little about trade. This is more troubling as one of his selling points was that he was a successful businessman with a global company. You d think that a person with such a vast empire (there are Trump Towers all over the planet) would know a thing or two about the subject. This idea was blown out of the water this week by comments from a German official about Chancellor Angela Merkel s recent visit to Washington, DC.The official told The Times of London, Ten times Trump asked [German chancellor Angela Merkel] if he could negotiate a trade deal with Germany. Every time she replied,  You can t do a trade deal with Germany, only the EU.  On the eleventh refusal, Trump finally got the message,  Oh, we ll do a deal with Europe then.' For a man who claimed to be able to  make the best deals  for the United States with our trading partners, it helps to know who exactly those partners are.As bad as that is, Trump s lack of world knowledge is more than just problematic when it comes to problems the country is dealing with on the other side of the world. Not only has the Trump Administration failed to even nominate an ambassador to South Korea, up until China President Xi Jinping visited him at Mar-a-Lago, he was under the impression that the only thing that had to happen to contain North Korean leader, Kim Jung Un, was have China tell him to behave.North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them! U.S.A.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 11, 2017After his visit with Xi, Trump told the Wall Street Journal,  After listening for 10 minutes, I realized it s not so easy. I felt pretty strongly that they had a tremendous power [over] North Korea.   But it s not what you would think. Keep in mind, Trump spent a lot of time during the campaign (and before) touting,  I know China.  He claimed that the combination of the work he has done with the Chinese and the  hundreds of books  he had read about China made him an expert on the region. All of this is odd, given his comments about that short (ten minutes!) conversation. His lack of understanding goes further.After his meeting with Xi, Trump told an interviewer,  Korea actually used to be a part of China. This did not go over well with the South Korean government. South Korean foreign spokesman Cho June-hyuck responded with,  It s a clear fact acknowledged by the international community that, for thousands of years in history, Korea has never been part of China. But wait, there s more.An interview with Fox & Friends makes it appear that Trump really doesn t even know who is running North Korea right now. He told them:I hope things work out well. I hope there s going to be peace, but you know, they ve been talking with this gentleman for a long time. You read Clinton s book, he said,  Oh we made such a great peace deal,  and it was a joke. You look at different things over the years with President Obama. Everybody s been outplayed, they ve all been outplayed by this gentleman and we ll see what happens. But I just don t telegraph my moves.Bill Clinton never dealt with the current leader, he dealt with his father, Kim Jung Il. Getting these facts wrong says a lot. Trump doesn t know who to deal with when it comes to trade with Germany. He seems to have taken his information about Chinese and Korean history from Xi. He doesn t appear to have a clue as to who the leader of North Korean leader. The questions with this president are not  What did he know and when did he know it?  but  Does he know anything and can he be taught? Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1710, Sean Hannity Loses His Sh*t After Getting His Ass Handed To Him By New York Times Writers,"It s time for Sean Hannity to join Bill O Reilly in the unemployment line.On Saturday, the New York Times published an article reporting that Donald Trump gets policy advise from Sean Hannity among many others outside the White House. Sean Hannity tells the president that keeping promises on core Republican issues is crucial Presidents always deploy surrogates to appear on television to spout their talking points, but Mr. Trump has expanded on that by developing relationships with sympathetic media figures like Mr. Hannity who also serve as advisers. Mr. Hannity, the Fox News host, defends Mr. Trump s most controversial behavior in public, but privately, according to people close to Mr. Trump, he urges the president not to get distracted, and advises him to focus on keeping pledges like repealing the Affordable Care Act. Indeed, Hannity served as Trump s chief propagandist during the 2016 campaign and often did interviews with Hannity in order to get the kid gloves treatment.Of course, Hannity had a complete meltdown on Twitter over the article and proceeded to accuse the New York Times of  colluding  with Hillary Clinton and referred to them as  fake news,  which is something Trump would do.@nytimes You colluded with HRC in 2016. It s none of your business who i do or do not talk too. Total fake news speculation about me/@POTUS  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 22, 2017Hannity even accused the Times of spying on his private conversations.@nytimes Any conversation I have with ANYONE is supposed to be PRIVATE. I have NEVER talked to you. Was I surveilled and unmasked by u/NSA?  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 22, 2017That s when several New York Times writers jumped in to defend their publication.Maggie Haberman fired back by informing Hannity that sourced cited him as a person Trump talks to for advise and further informed Hannity that Fox News did not object to the story when the New York Times reached out to the network.W all due respect, we were interested in who POTUS talks to, not you, and several ppl close to him cited you https://t.co/sb9y4nDJYt  Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) April 22, 2017Also reached out to Fox News pr, who took no issue w it. And it was hardly critical of you. Not sure why the reax https://t.co/sb9y4nDJYt  Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) April 22, 2017Hannity then claimed that he doesn t talk to the New York Times and said that he doubts Trump does either.The @nytimes has no clue who I talk to as I refuse to EVER TALK TO THEM! @POTUS knows you are FAKE NEWS and I doubt he talks to u either.  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 22, 2017But he s wrong. It turns out Trump has done two in-depth interviews with the New York Times in the last month.Then Glenn Thrush chimed in.I was once sitting with a Republican elected official preparing for an interview when he got an email from u giving him political advice https://t.co/lhn4UFQn7I  Glenn Thrush (@GlennThrush) April 22, 2017Apparently, Hannity forgot about that. He also forgot that he has, indeed, spoken with the New York Times and Nick Corasaniti was kind enough to provide a link to the interview.Here s an interview I did with Sean last year: https://t.co/uUMU1yGcoe https://t.co/QzNFgNxSMi  Nick Corasaniti (@NYTnickc) April 22, 2017Yeah, that has to be embarrassing.Anyway, the night passed and Hannity was apparently still pissed off so he imploded on Sunday morning in a series of tweets directed at the trio of writers.Maggie have you ever publicly commented on how @wikileaks revealed the @nytimes colluded with HRC? And then hired @GlennThrush also exposed https://t.co/xPLZpLLzy6  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 23, 2017Maggie, why should people ever accept  several people close to him  as a source, especially when you never contacted me. Did you ask @POTUS https://t.co/xPLZpLLzy6  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 23, 2017 Several people close to him  Everyone knows people at every WH and every corp. have agendas and leak. Maybe a new standard.  On the record  https://t.co/xPLZpLLzy6  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 23, 2017Not critical of me, but @nytimes has a  Biased Anti Trump  agenda, and by suggesting @POTUS takes advice from me, is meant to diminish him! https://t.co/vxoNrCkZuX  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 23, 2017During the campaign I can CONFIRM I and & others suggested he stop tweeting. He never did. He is his own man. In retrospect I now agree. https://t.co/vxoNrCkZuX  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 23, 2017Yes Nick, I did talk you. Frankly one of the few times the @nytimes was fair to me At some point I decided the @nytimes is Fake News-gave up https://t.co/YiD2nB3OPB  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 23, 2017Maggie that s called  Humor . I don t believe the @nytimes surveilled me. But I am happy people at the @nytimes believe in the Lord! Amen! https://t.co/OcrvOXvsVz  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 23, 2017Yes KRM is brilliant and successful, but he also runs FNC (hated by @nytimes )and according to @nytimes yesterday he is old school on Issues https://t.co/nGFns5H6ai  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 23, 2017So  anonymous sources  should be taken with a grain of salt. People might manipulate say the @nytimes by offering such quotes? We agree!! https://t.co/hghQjfATGk  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 23, 2017The highlight of your career!! Best Sean https://t.co/jWMcY9ffEj  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 23, 2017Seriously, Fox News should ditch Sean Hannity as well. He has far too many embarrassing meltdowns in public.Featured Image: Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
1711, Trump State Campaign Chair In Hot Water For Trafficking A Kid For Sex (DETAILS),"Donald Trump is himself, a pervert. We all knew that. Despite the fact that we have audio proof of this, the  family values  party embraced him with open arms. However, the longer Trump stays in office, the more dirt that comes out about him and those associated with him. Case in point   the Kentucky state chair for Trump s 2016 presidential campaign.Tim Nolan is a member of the Board of Education of Campbell County in California, Kentucky. He is also a former judge, and he happened to run Donald Trump s state campaign there. On Friday, he was led away in handcuffs on a most disturbing charge: that he trafficked a child for sex. The local press, River City News, says that the indictment against Nolan accuses him of making a minor a victim of  commercial sexual activity.  This isn t any old scandal that just got dug up, either   Nolan allegedly was engaging in these activities while he was running Trump s campaign in the state of Kentucky in August of last year. Nolan has also been referred to by local reporters as an  outspoken and controversial  type who is constantly riding for the local Tea Party.In addition to being a child sex trafficker, Nolan is also an avowed racist who was removed from the Kentucky Boxing and Wrestling Commission after a Ku Klux Klan photo appeared on his Facebook page. Of course, since the Trump campaign was just fine with white supremacists, Klansmen and the like, they never bothered to do anything about Nolan s association with their election efforts.Nolan s supposed misdeeds were looked into with great interest by the Campbell County Police, which resulted in this indictment. Another interesting twist is that while the crimes and indictment occurred in Campbell County, the arraignment did not happen there. Why, you might ask? Well, because it would be a conflict of interest to have him appear in a courtroom where his daughter, Taunya Nolan, is a County Court Clerk.These scandals with people surrounding Trump just keep getting sicker and sicker. After all, there was just another Trump state campaign chair, Ralph Shortey of Oklahoma, who was caught in a seedy motel room smoking weed and preparing to have sex with a teenage boy. Now, this.Wonder how many more Trump folks are going to be exposed as sexual predators? Well, considering who their boss is, there s really no telling. All we can do is pop the popcorn and wait. Watch a news report on this developing story below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1712, Trump Makes Total Ass Of Himself While Trying To Exploit Wounded Vet Receiving Purple Heart (VIDEO),"Donald Trump decided that he would exploit a wounded vet to make himself look good, but as usual, all he ended up doing was making a total ass out of himself. Again.Trump was visiting Walter Reed Medical Center on Saturday. So he decided it would be great publicity if he personally awarded the Purple Heart to Army Sgt. 1st Class Alvaro Barrientos. Things were going pretty well until Trump congratulated him on being wounded in Afghanistan.You see, while the Purple Heart is indeed one of the highest honors that can be bestowed upon someone serving in the U.S. military, it also means that the recipient was either wounded or killed. As such, it isn t exactly the type of thing you  congratulate  somebody on.Barrientos was one of four soldiers who was wounded when an Afghan soldier attacked their base in the Helmland province last month. As a result of his injuries, Barrientos lost his right leg, which had to be amputated at the knee. You honor that but you sure as hell don t  congratulate  it.Trump, accompanied by Melania, presented Barrientos with the Purple Heart during a small ceremony at the hospital. I heard about this and I wanted to do it myself,  said Trump.  Congratulations on behalf of Melania, myself, and the entire nation. Tremendous job. He may not think words matter, but here in the real world, they most certainly do. Especially when you are the commander-in-chief awarding the Purple Heart to a service member who just had a leg amputated fighting your country s wars. Next time Trump decides to use a wounded vet a photo-op, he should be just a bit more careful when choosing his words.You can watch Trump congratulate a wounded soldier for having his leg amputated, here:Pres. Trump awarded a Purple Heart on Saturday to an Army sergeant recently wounded in Afghanistan: https://t.co/MSRsIByw9Y pic.twitter.com/StQ5gJ7H6D  CBS News (@CBSNews) April 22, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",0
1713, Trump Plans To Celebrate 100th Day On Office With Another YUUGE Rally No One Will Show Up For,"Donald Trump is really excited about all the nothing he s accomplished in his first 100 days in office. So, he announced on Saturday that he plans to celebrate by throwing a  big rally  on his 100th day. Presumably, he expects a better turnout than he got for his pathetic inauguration.Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 22, 2017Rally will be to mark Trump s 100 days in office & organized/paid for by Trump s campaign committee, per senior campaign official https://t.co/wYW92Z8a87  Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) April 22, 2017So far, with 100 days under his belt, Trump hasn t managed to accomplish squat except for failing to follow through on his absurd campaign promises. Mexico isn t paying for his stupid wall. His Muslim Ban was shot down twice as bigoted and unconstitutional. Obamacare is still the law of the land. And he is known as the biggest recruiting tool ISIS has at the moment. Exactly why he thinks this warrants a party is unclear. But as can only be expected of a narcissist, he is somehow convinced that this is a great idea and it totally won t have an embarrassing turnout.It is worth pointing out that the day of Trump s  big rally  is the same night the White House Correspondents  Dinner will be taking place   without the man occupying the White House in attendance because the press hurt his feelings.On Friday, Trump tweeted that the 100-day mark is a  ridiculous standard. No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, & it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 21, 2017He then followed up by telling the press that it s  just an artificial barrier.  He added that since he didn t have the slightest clue how to actually president when he took office, he should be given extra leeway. He also noted that even though repealing Obamacare was one of his biggest campaign promises, he has really only been thinking about if for two months. I ve been here 92 days, but I ve only been working on the health care, you know, I had to get like a little bit of grounding, right?  Trump told the Associated Press.  Health care started after 30 day(s), so I ve been working on health care for 60 days. Featured image via Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1714, KARMA: Wikileaks Turns On Donald Trump After Administration Threatens To Arrest Julian Assange,"Karma just kicked Donald Trump s door down.As you ll recall, Donald Trump repeatedly praised Wikileaks for leaking Hillary Clinton s campaign emails. Those leaks helped Trump win the election, but now Trump s love of Wikileaks has come back to bite him on the ass.Trump CIA Director Mike Pompeo and his Attorney General Jeff Sessions have both criticized Wikileaks since Trump took office and both have promised to arrest Wikileaks leader Julian Assange.Pompeo even admitted that Wikileaks is a  non-state hostile intelligence service often abetted by state actors like Russia. Indeed, Trump colluded with Russia to win the election.Sessions told reporters this week that he intends to put people like Assange in jail for leaks. We are going to step up our effort and already are stepping up our efforts on all leaks,  Sessions said.  This is a matter that s gone beyond anything I m aware of. Here s the video via Twitter.U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on bringing charges against Julian Assange pic.twitter.com/BudIEN2uK0https://t.co/LN04EvJ8FK  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) April 21, 2017And Trump himself recently declared that he supports the Justice Department effort to arrest and charge Assange, telling reporters that s it s  okay with me. So Wikileaks decided to hit back by posting video of Trump telling his rally crowd how much he loves Wikileaks.Donald Trump, October 10, 2016:  This just came out. WikiLeaks! I love WikiLeaks!  pic.twitter.com/KWP7X2aLiN  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) April 21, 2017Oops. Trump apparently forgot that he was in bed with Wikileaks during the election. He loved them for attacking Hillary Clinton for his own benefit. Now Wikileaks is probably regretting helping Trump because their leader is now being targeted by his administration. And Trump has to be concerned about Wikileaks digging up information on him and releasing it to the public.This is what karma looks like. Trump had no problem with Wikileaks when the organization was attacking Hillary. Now we get to see how Trump likes being attacked by them. This ought to be damn entertaining.Featured Image: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
1715, Trump Demotes Career State Department Official After Breitbart Questions Her Loyalty To America,"McCarthyism has returned.Donald Trump is literally letting a white nationalist publication dictate personnel decisions in his administration.Sahar Nowrouzzadeh is an American citizen of Iranian descent. She is an expert on Iran and has played a crucial role in shaping U.S. policy in the Middle East. She was born in America, first served at the State Department under the George W. Bush administration in 2005 and was on the team that negotiated the Iran Nuclear Deal under President Obama.But because she is of Iranian descent, Breitbart and other conservative outlets believe she is in league with Iranian leadership against the United States. Seriously.According to Politico,Nowrouzzadehad had been detailed since last July to the secretary of state s policy planning team, where she handled ongoing issues related to Iran and Gulf Arab countries. Her yearlong assignment was cut short earlier this month, after critical stories about her and others appeared in the Conservative Review and on Breitbart News, according to the State Department official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the matter. Nowrouzzadeh did not want to be reassigned, according to the official.Indeed, being reassigned is basically a demotion and one based on racism and fear instead of one based on her job performance.Nowrouzzadeh will now be working in the Office of Iranian Affairs despite the State Department praising her work as  valuable in furtherance of U.S. national security. Nowrouzzadeh is the kind of State Department employee America needs right now as tensions between Iran and the United States remain strained because Trump and his Republican allies have repeatedly threatened to trash the nuclear deal.Former State Department official Phillip Gordon slammed the Trump administration for caving to pressure from conservative media. Like many civil service experts and career foreign service officers, she possesses just the sort of expertise political leaders from either party should have by their side when they make critical and difficult foreign policy decisions,  Gordon said.The bottom line is that this smacks of McCarthyism from the right-wing just as it did when Joe McCarthy led a witch hunt against government employees in pursuit of alleged communists.Only this time, conservatives are targeting anyone who has a name that sounds Middle Eastern or Muslim.Breitbart should not have the power to affect personnel decisions at the State Department and Donald Trump should not listen to them. Doing so only makes us weaker because the experts we need on the front lines are being persecuted or living in fear of being persecuted.It also makes America less safe because this demotion will be used as an example of how the current United States government treats people of Middle Eastern descent in order to recruit terrorists.Sahar Nowrouzzadeh already swore an oath to defend the United States Constitution when she was hired by the State Department in 2005. It s the same oath that members of Congress swear when they enter office. Questioning her loyalty based on the color of her skin or her birth name is wrong and constitutes discrimination. Frankly, she should file a lawsuit against Trump.Featured Image: Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1716," Sarah Palin Faced Sexual Harassment At Fox News, But She Would Rather Protect The Network Than Say Something","When high-profile women like Sarah Palin stay silent, it enables sexual predators and puts more women at risk of being sexually harassed and assaulted.As Fox News continues to reel in the aftermath of Bill O Reilly s sexual harassment scandal just a year after the network dealt with Roger Ailes  own sexual harassment scandal, former contributors and anchors have been coming forward to tell their stories of how they were treated by their male colleagues there.But not Sarah Palin. Palin would rather pretend that nothing happened to her and that her male colleagues were totally professional and considerate.During an interview with Jake Tapper on CNN, Palin danced around the question of whether she experienced sexual harassment at the network and made it sound like her decision to leave Fox News was more about looking for different opportunities.TAPPER:  It sounds like you experienced something. PALIN:  I just   you know, it was just time to part ways and, and, you know, get   get out there in, I guess, a more diverse arena to express views. In fact, Palin had far stronger words for the victims who were repeatedly sexually harassed at Fox News than she did for the perpetrators. If a woman believes that she is being intimidated and harassed, she needs to stand up and do something about it and not stick around for a paycheck for years and years and years, and then after the fact complain about what she went through. Sarah Palin collected a paycheck for five years (2010-2015) from Fox News as a contributor and analyst.The sexual harassment was there from the start.In 2010, Fox News Sunday host Chris Wallace remarked that  one can only hope  when asked if Palin would be sitting in his lap during an upcoming interview. Seriously.In 2011, Roger Ailes openly admitted that he only hired Palin  because she was hot and got ratings. Tucker Carlson, who has been with Fox News since 2009 and was just recently promoted to take Bill O Reilly s place, posted an incredibly sexist tweet about Palin in 2011 that he was forced to delete. Palin s popularity falling in Iowa, but maintains lead to become supreme commander in Milfistan,  Carlson wrote.In other words, things haven t changed much at all at Fox News. The network merely fired an old sexual predator and replaced him with a younger one.If Palin faced this much sexual harassment at the beginning it stands to reason that she faced it constantly throughout her time at the network. And she drew a paycheck for years without doing something about it and she continues to do nothing about it. She is protecting Fox News by staying silent and that puts women who still work there at risk.Palin then went on to shame other women who haven t spoken up and once again demonstrated that she is a hypocrite. As a strong woman, I say we should feel more empowered than that and take a stand and get out of the place and blow the whistle on the perpetrator doing the bad stuff so that the culture will change. But Palin herself refused to speak up and  blow the whistle  on the men who sexually harassed her at Fox News, and she just got done shaming the women who have come forward to actually blow the whistle.This is why Sarah Palin has zero credibility and why she is not a good role model for women.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1717," Chaffetz’s Decision To Quit Means Big Trouble For Trump, And Here’s Exactly How","Congressman Jason Chaffetz s decision to leave Congress means that bad things really are on the way for President Trump. If his presidency lasts the year, I will be shocked. I will eat a hat if that happens.Chaffetz has been a real star in the GOP. He is known for his ambition. Last November, he won about 74 percent of the vote in his district. He s young. He s good looking. He knows how to get all the right press and do what he needs to do to get ahead. Nothing in his actions in the past would indicate he wanted to leave Washington, DC. At least not yet. Rumors have been going around that he had his eyes on Senator Orrin Hatch s (R-UT) seat or possibly the governor s mansion in Utah. No one expected him to leave Congress so soon after winning reelection by such a large margin.At the same time, the Congressman has not been a true believer in Trump. Last fall, after the now infamous Billy Bush tape was released, he told ABC News,  I don t plan on voting for Donald Trump   this is quite the quandary what the nation s going to have to figure out. I m out, I can t support Trump after his lewd comments.  He went on to talk about his daughters and how he could not defend what Trump said about women. He later went back on that and said that he hated what Trump did but Hillary Clinton was just so much worse.At the start of 2017, things were looking good for the young Utah politician. Chaffetz was still the chairman of the powerful House Committee on Government Oversight and Reform. He had a fellow  Republican  in the White House. His Party had the House, the Senate and the White House. I can imagine him dreaming of all of the legislation he could push through this way.And then it all went wrong. Trump is not a real Republican. He has no real ideology. His only real allegiances are to his own ego and self interest. The things he says and promises he makes are valid only as long as he is voicing them. They then disappear into the proverbial ether. They have no meaning.This wasn t the problem, however. Since Inauguration Day, there have been more complaints and problems with the Trump Administration. Trump s ties to Russia are more than problematic, they could be treasonous. His financial dealings may not meet violations of law, he cannot have conflicts of interest legally. He can have them. He admitted in 2015 that he had a  big conflict of interest with Turkey because I have a hotel in Istanbul.  His frequent trips to Mar-a-Lago mean that the government is paying him every week to stay at his resort. He is still benefitting from all of his businesses and there is no reason to believe foreign leaders car a wit about the Emolument Clause. And these are just a few of the scandals that should be investigated by a committee like the one Chaffetz now heads.This has put Chaffetz in a really tough spot. He has access to information we all do not. If all of what do do know is as bad as it is, one only can wonder what things he has seen. On one hand, he cannot just step down from this committee. He cannot start investigations of a president in his own Party, especially if he knows they will blow it up. He also cannot be a party to Trump s misdeeds.This month, Chaffetz found his exit strategy. Quit Congress. He has done it slowly. First, he announces he will not seek reelection. Next, he hints that he may not serve out his term. His next move will be to quit all together. By August, he will be back in Utah. He has already taken several web domains like www.chaffetz2018.com. He claimed he wanted to be with his wife and children and that was why he was leaving. Keep in mind, his children have lived at home while he has been in Congress. That s ten years away from his kids when they lived at his house in Utah. By the summer, they will all be out of his house. So, this is when he goes back to see them more? Just after they all leave his home? No.Chaffetz sees the writing on the wall and does not want to be taken down by the same scandal that will end the Trump train wreck.Chaffetz isn t alone in this thinking. It was reported earlier this spring that Michael Steele, former chair of the RNC has been telling his clients to  start getting close to Pence. Former chairman of RNC Steele told WWR at lunch that .@RealDonaldTrump will not finish his term; advises clients to bolster ties w/VP Pence  West Wing Reports (@WestWingReport) March 31, 2017Vice President Mike Pence has the same thought. His is a true believer Evangelical Christian. He once voted to take money away from HIV/AIDS funding to give it to  pray away the gay  programs. He does not go to events with women when alcohol is served, unless his wife is there. He has said he is worried he will  be tempted.  He made female staffers leave early so he would not be alone in the office with then. He could not have liked the comments that Trump grabbed women  by the pussy. Chaffetz had a bright future at the beginning of the year and the only way to make that still happen is to get the hell out of Dodge. So that s what he s doing.Featured image via Matt McClain/The Washington Post via Getty Images",0
1718," American Airlines Crew Hits Woman With Stroller, Challenges Passenger To Fight (VIDEO)","Yet another example of our airline industry s awesomeness occurred Friday when an employee was captured on video challenging a passenger to a fight after a woman holding a baby was hit with her stroller. The video begins with the crying woman holding one of her children in her arms while begging for her stroller back.One angry witness can be heard saying he s  not going to sit here and watch this  before going to the front of the plane to demand the name of the employee who hit the woman. Another woman on the flight can be heard confronting the staff about their treatment of the latest victim of airline violence. Much of the staff s conversation can not be heard from the vantage point of the person filming, but the gentleman who initially confronted the thugs on the plane stands up and says you do that to me and I ll knock you flat. You stay out of this!  the male flight attendant shot back. Try it. Hit me. You don t know what the story is.  But the passenger knew what the story is (the part that matters, anyway):I don t care what the story is. You almost hit that baby!Q13 Fox spoke to some of the people aboard the plane, and the story is just as terrible as it seems:Olivia Morgan was standing in the doorway of the aircraft with her 8-year-old daughter waiting to board when the altercation happened. The flight attendant wrestled the stroller away from the woman, who was sobbing, holding one baby with the second baby in a car seat on the ground next to her,  she said.Morgan said the flight attendant was  violent  when taking the metal stroller from the woman and nearly hit the baby with the stroller. He stormed by me with the stroller and I said something like,  What are you doing? You almost hit that baby!  And he yelled at me to  stay out of it!  just like he does in the video,  she said.Morgan said she talked to the woman about the incident. The woman said a female flight attendant told her she could look for space to store the stroller because it folds up very small, but if there was no available space, she would need to check it at the gate. She was looking for space when the male attendant tried to take it away from her  and she said she told him the other attendant had told her it was okay to look,  she said.According to the American Airlines website, small strollers can be checked at the gate but there is no policy about strollers in the overhead bin. The lady and her two children were seated near the back of the plane. She was somehow able to get her stroller on board and back near her seat,  said Tom Watson, who was sitting just behind the first class section when the staff went insane. She refused to let him take it and she was almost to the point of shouting. The flight attendant and the woman started making their way to the front of the plane. They were at the front of the plane near the crew area. The woman was holding on to the stroller and refusing to let go,  he continued, adding that The flight attendant should not have been so aggressive and should have been more aware of the kids. He then says the woman was escorted off the plane.Fortunately, American Airlines seems to have learned from United s numerous blunders following employees  assault on a doctor. Rather than attempt to blame the woman, the company released a statement announcing that the employee has been suspended (not terminated though):We have seen the video and have already started an investigation to obtain the facts. What we see on this video does not reflect our values or how we care for our customers. We are deeply sorry for the pain we have caused this passenger and her family and to any other customers affected by the incident. We are making sure all of her family s needs are being met while she is in our care. After electing to take another flight, we are taking special care of her and her family and upgrading them to first class for the remainder of their international trip.The actions of our team member captured here do not appear to reflect patience or empathy, two values necessary for customer care. In short, we are disappointed by these actions. The American team member has been removed from duty while we immediately investigate this incident.The woman had to take another flight, but was given upgraded accommodations.Watch video shot directly following the attack below: Featured image via screengrab",0
1719, Yale Psychiatrists Issue DIRE Warning Of The Dangers Of Allowing Trump To Continue As POTUS (DETAILS),"Donald Trump is not fit to be president. Most of the nation knows this. However, psychiatrists at Yale University   actual experts   have a warning for the United States Congress and the nation and world at large: Trump is mentally ill, and dangerously so.At a conference at the esteemed university, expressing this professional opinion was seen as a duty by this group of psychiatrists. They have described Trump as paranoid and delusional,  and that their statements were to warn of the dangers  of allowing Trump to continue to sit in the Oval Office. Dr. John Gartner, who spoke during the gathering at the School of Medicine at Yale, declared of Trump: We have an ethical responsibility to warn the public about Donald Trump s dangerous mental illness. Dr. Gartner is a member of a newly-formed organization of mental health experts called Duty to Warn. Their sole purpose is to convince as many people as possible that Donald Trump is mentally ill and must be removed from office before he does something truly dangerous to the nation and the world. Dr. Garten used Trump s ravings about his crowd sizes at his inauguration as just one piece of proof that he is too crazy to lead. He said of those statements: Worse than just being a liar or a narcissist, in addition he is paranoid, delusional and grandiose thinking and he proved that to the country the first day he was President. If Donald Trump really believes he had the largest crowd size in history, that s delusional. Dr. Bandy Lee, who teaches in the psychiatry department at Yale and headed up the conference where these statements were made, said of Trump: As some prominent psychiatrists have noted, [Trump s mental health] is the elephant in the room. I think the public is really starting to catch on and widely talk about this now. New York University psychiatrist James Gilligan had an even darker image of Trump to portray to the American people: I ve worked with some of the most dangerous people our society produces, directing mental health programs in prisons. I ve worked with murderers and rapists. I can recognize dangerousness from a mile away. You don t have to be an expert on dangerousness or spend fifty years studying it like I have in order to know how dangerous this man is. These are people who know what they are talking about. Sure, they may be violating the so-called  Goldwater Rule    meaning the unofficial rule that mental health professionals should not diagnose political figures in public   but they know what they see, and they must see something that is enough of a threat to the nation and world to speak out.Dr. Gartner has actually started a petition on the internet specifically for mental health professionals that requests that Congress exercise their Article I powers to get Trump out of the White House. It says: We, the undersigned mental health professionals (please state your degree), believe in our professional judgment that Donald Trump manifests a serious mental illness that renders him psychologically incapable of competently discharging the duties of President of the United States. And we respectfully request he be removed from office, according to article 4 of the 25th amendment to the Constitution, which states that the president will be replaced if he is  unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office . Hopefully, someone with the sense to listen to these people does something about Trump before it is too late.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1720, Neil DeGrasse Tyson Gets Uncharacteristically Political; Says Trump Is A ‘Threat To Democracy’ (VIDEO),"Neil DeGrasse Tyson has always put science before politics, sometimes frustratingly so. Right after Trump was elected, Tyson appeared on Stephen Colbert s show, and rather than opine, he chose to try to comfort the host by saying that when you look at earth from outer space, our problems dissolve. He also said: The politician is representing an electorate. So, really, if you re against a politician, you re against their voter base, fellow citizens of this country,  he said.  So I as an educator, when I want to educate people, I don t say,  Don t vote for this person  or  Vote for that person.  I just simply educate you, so that when the time comes, you can make as informed a decision as you can. Now, though, Tyson is changing his tone. The Trump administration is clearly anti-science and it s anti-education. For Dr. Tyson, it s time to speak out   right before protesters across the nation are prepared to march for science. He posted this video to Facebook on Friday: Science is a fundamental part of the country that we are,  Tyson said.  When you have people who don t know much about science standing in denial of it and rising to power, that is a recipe for the complete dismantling of our informed democracy. While Tyson was clearly talking about Donald Trump, anti-GMO anti-vaxxer (often) liberals were taken to task as well.Tyson didn t deny that science has a place in politics. Once we agree, for example, that humans are causing climate change, we can debate how to fix the problem, but until we agree that there is a problem, we re screwed.Donald Trump s name wasn t mentioned at all during the four-minute video, and it didn t need to be. It was clear that Tyson was frustrated (dare I say angry?) that his career has been so politicized while he tries to stay on the sidelines. Tyson is a true hero.Featured image via Joe Scarnici/Getty Images.",0
1721," The White House Just Tried To Pretend Trump Was WINNING, IMMEDIATELY Regrets It (DETAILS)","Earlier today, Donald Trump whined about being held to a  ridiculous standard  in his first 100 days as POTUS, despite spending two years bragging about all the things he would get done in his first 100 days. By now most of us know that Trump has hardly accomplished anything during his first several weeks in the White House, and there have been far more failures than successes.Now, the White House is joining in on the mounting pressure for Trump to actually do something before his first 100 days come to an end. The Trump administration is now bending over backwards to make it seem as if Trump s presidency isn t the massive failure we all know it is   and of course they had to lie to make that possible.The White House has just claimed that Congress is going to vote on healthcare and tax reform next week, and that the government will be open despite the fact that the Republicans don t have any votes lined up and Congress will only be in session for half the week. According to CNBC: The White House hopes language on a possible health-care deal can come as early as Friday or Saturday, leaving the potential for an agreement next week, a White House official told CNBC. The Senate Budget Committee is assisting with the draft, which would be introduced first in the House. This is absolutely insane, and clearly a response to the fact that Trump hasn t accomplished anything in his first 100 days and the Trump administration is desperate to have something to show for it. In just 4 days, Trump expects the House to vote on health care, examine Trump s tax plan, and keep the government open just so he can have at least one win. That s not going to happen, and the American people know it. Here s the overwhelmingly negative response to Trump and his  accomplishments :      Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
1722, Trump Is Trying To Force Dems’ Hand On Border Wall Funding – Here’s Why He’ll Fail BIGLY,"Donald Trump seems to think he can squeeze Congressional Democrats for border wall funding by offering them something in exchange, and he also seems to believe he s hit the jackpot on just what to exchange. He ll hold subsidy payments to insurers on the Obamacare exchanges hostage until Democrats agree to fund his wall. If they continue to stonewall, then, when the ACA s insurance marketplace implodes or the government shuts down (or both), he ll blame Democrats and the whole country will, too.He s not seeing both sides, though. The Democrats actually hold all the good cards here.Why? Surely we can see how both sides have a decent hand, can t we? Trump s budget director, Mick Mulvaney, even said: We d offer them $1 of CSR payments for $1 of wall payments. Right now that s the offer that we ve given to our Democratic colleagues. A one-for-one trade sounds nice and equitable, doesn t it? Trump gets his wall and we get continued stability in the health insurance market, and the government keeps operating. Here s what he s not seeing: Democrats aren t the only ones who don t want to waste money on a big wall along the southern border. Many Republicans don t, either, and that gives Democrats major leverage over Trump.Chuck Schumer s spokesman issued a statement that said: The White House gambit to hold hostage health care for millions of Americans, in order to force American taxpayers to foot the bill for a wall that the President said would be paid for by Mexico is a complete non-starter.[I]f the administration would drop their 11th-hour demand for a wall that Democrats   and a good number of Republicans   oppose, Congressional leaders could quickly reach a deal. Some in the GOP have privately said that it would help if the Trump White House would move on from the border wall because there are too many in Congress who don t want to fund it. Furthermore, Republicans and Democrats in Congress are busy working toward creating a more bipartisan spending bill. But they know that, with control of the entire federal government, they will own a healthcare disaster and they will own a shutdown no matter what Trump decides to say about it.Republicans want to avoid a shutdown   they ve long since figured out that the country blamed them for the 2013 shutdown. That means working with Democrats, including scrapping funding for the wall if doing so means Democrats will agree to other things.House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi recognizes that Democrats have all the leverage here, and that they need to use that leverage to their advantage. Republicans control both Congress and the White House   people are not going to blame Democrats for a shutdown or for destabilizing the insurance marketplace under these circumstances.Mulvaney actually thinks that Congress should get out of the way of Trump s agenda: This president should be allowed to have his highest priorities funded even though the Democrats rightly have a seat at the table because of the Senate rules. The border wall is a non-starter and possibly dead, at least for now. There are more important things to think about than a wall that won t do anything that Trump claims it will.Featured image by Shawn Thew   Pool via Getty Images",0
1723," Hillary UNLOADS On Trump For Attacking Human Rights, Shows GOP Who SHOULD Have Been POTUS (VIDEO)","On Thursday, Hillary Clinton ripped Donald Trump and his bigoted administration apart for being on the wrong side of history and refusing to defend LGBT rights   and while she was at it, she showed conservatives just what they missed out on by letting a former reality television star get into the White House instead of a well-qualified politician.At a fundraiser for LGBT community organization The Center, Clinton received an award and gave a speech in which she thanked her audience for their continued support. However, her message came with a chilling warning about the Trump administration as she said the progress that we fought for, that many of you were on the front lines for. It may not be as secure as we once expected.  Clinton blasted Trump: We may not ever be able to count on this administration to lead on LGBT issues. Then, she couldn t resist rattling off several of the things Trump has been doing to directly attack and weaken the LGBT community. She said: When this administration rescinded protections for transgender students, my heart broke. When I learned about the proposed cuts in funding for HIV and AIDS research, I thought about all of our efforts to try and achieve an AIDS-free generation. Some of the changes that we re seeing should seem small, but they matter a great deal if you re the person affected. Others carry historic significance, like the future of the Supreme Court. While Clinton was not always a supporter of same-sex marriage, she had changed her tone several years ago and has been a powerful ally since. In her usual classy way, she called on Americans to stick together and unite to protect human rights and resist homophobia. Clinton said: I know the election hit a lot of us hard. I can tell you this: Even when it feels tempting to pull the covers over your heads, please keep going. Clinton s skilled and powerful delivery is something that Trump could only dream to emulate one day. Despite having lost the election to Trump, the majority of Americans still love and support Clinton, as Trump s approval rating plummets by the day. The support for her message shows that America no longer supports the values of the GOP any longer, and that conservatives have made a major mistake by putting Trump in the White House.You can watch Clinton s speech below: Featured image via Drew Angerer and Mark Wilson / Getty Images",0
1724, Sarah Palin And Her White Trash Friends Get TORCHED For Disrespecting Hillary Clinton’s White House Portrait,"It s bad enough they were even allowed to step foot in the White House.But Sarah Palin, Kid Rock, and Ted Nugent also decided to stand in front of Hillary Clinton s portrait and completely disrespect it.When two gay activists raised their middle fingers toward Ronald Reagan s White House portrait a few years ago, conservatives threw a collective temper tantrum over it. They complained for days about the utter lack of respect shown toward Reagan. Of course, Reagan s inaction during the AIDS epidemic during his presidency understandably angers many people.However, two gay activists from Philadelphia is not the same as three people who are public figures. Nugent and Kid Rock are both musicians and Palin is a former vice-presidential candidate.As such, they are and should be held to a higher standard.Sarah Palin was invited to the White House by Donald Trump, who told her to bring some friends. For some reason, she chose Nugent, a man who shit his pants to avoid serving his country in Vietnam and later wrote an ode to pedophilia, and Robert Ritchie (Kid Rock), an alcoholic who has committed assault and battery and has a sex tape.Seriously, these people got to pal around in the Oval Office. It s disgraceful.But the trio did more than that. Instead of just acting like adults for the day, they decided to act like complete jackasses by mocking Hillary Clinton s White House portrait. Hillary Clinton has a White House portrait because she was the First Lady. And a classy First Lady at that, unlike Melania Trump, whom you can find nude photos of simply by running a search on Google.In the photo, Nugent holds his thumb out as if to say Clinton is  outta here  while Palin had a look of disgust on her face. Ritchie merely folded his arms across his chest in disdain.Here s the photo via Facebook:Of course, conservatives are cheering about this utter lack of disrespect even though they would have thrown a massive hissy fit had three liberal celebrities done the same to a portrait of a Republican First Lady.Most Americans, however, did not appreciate Palin and her friends  disrespect of a former First Lady.Again, Sarah Palin is a quitter and grifter who will never work in the White House. Ted Nugent is a racist who has a thing for underage girls. And Kid Rock is the poster boy for who the war on drugs should be waged against. Donald Trump degraded the White House by inviting these three losers to visit and he should be ashamed of himself for once again demonstrating why America is a laughingstock around the world.Featured Image: Facebook",0
1725, Hawaii Attorney General HUMILIATES Jeff Sessions For Whining About Judge On ‘Island In The Pacific’,"Donald Trump s Attorney General just got schooled on the Constitution.Earlier this week, Jeff Sessions bitched about a judge  on an island in the Pacific  having the power to block an executive order. I really am amazed that a judge sitting on an island in the Pacific can issue an order that stops the President of the United States from what appears to be clearly his statutory and constitutional power,  Sessions said.Of course, Sessions is a hypocrite because he cheered on judges who blocked executive orders issued by President Obama.But because the order was issued by his rich white boss, Sessions is all of a sudden complaining.Judge Derrick Watson stood up to Trump and his racist administration a couple months ago by blocking parts of the immigration ban that barred Muslims from certain nations from entering the country. Trump s ban caused international chaos and violated the civil rights of thousands.Hawaii is not merely an  island in the Pacific,  however. It s also an official state under the same Constitution that Jeff Sessions and Donald Trump violate on a daily basis.In the Constitution, the founding fathers created the Judicial Branch of our government to serve as a check on executive and legislative power. The judiciary has the power to review executive orders and laws and can block and strike them down if they are found to be unconstitutional.Judge Watson exercised his judicial power.Sessions  statement is a disgraceful attempt to undermine the judicial branch.Hawaii Attorney General Dougal Chin fired back at Sessions on Thursday by explaining how the Constitution works. President Trump previously called a federal judge in California a so-called judge. Now U.S. Attorney General Sessions appears to dismiss a federal judge in Hawaii as just a judge sitting on an island in the Pacific. Our Constitution created a separation of powers in the United States for a reason. Our federal courts, established under Article III of the Constitution, are co-equal partners with Congress and the President. It is disappointing Sessions does not acknowledge that. Indeed, America needs an Attorney General who actually understands the Constitution, and Sessions clearly does not.One of Sessions  Justice Department lackeys even tried to pathetically clarify the offensive remarks. Hawaii is, in fact, an island in the Pacific a beautiful one where the Attorney General s granddaughter was born. The point, however, is that there is a problem when a flawed opinion by a single judge can block the President s lawful exercise of authority to keep the entire country safe. Wrong. If Trump and his administration think the ruling is flawed then they should seek opinions from higher courts. That s how the system works. The White House and Justice Department can t just ignore a court ruling because they disagree with it. Also, national security should not be used as an excuse to ignore the Constitution. That s a slippery slope to tyranny. If that excuse were acceptable Trump and Sessions would use it all the time to justify anything and everything they do.Jeff Sessions should be embarrassed for attacking the judicial branch the way he did and he definitely deserved the humiliation he has been receiving. Frankly, he should resign in disgrace.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1726, Stephen Colbert SCORCHES Jeff Sessions’ Racism In One Brilliant Tweet,"Late Show host Stephen Colbert is no fan of Donald Trump and his administration of bigots. Therefore, he was, of course, incensed at Attorney General Jeff Sessions  racist attack on a sitting federal judge regarding Trump s bigoted Muslim Ban.Judge Derrick Watson infamously blocked Trump s Muslim Ban 2.0, and in the decision he said the whole thing read like a   neon sign flashing  Muslim ban, Muslim ban. On Thursday, Sessions went full dog whistle when he criticized Judge Watson s decision, saying the following: We are confident that the president will prevail on appeal and particularly in the Supreme Court, if not the Ninth Circuit. So this is a huge matter. I really am amazed that a judge sitting on an island in the Pacific can issue an order that stops the president of the United States from what appears to be clearly his statutory and Constitutional power. Of course, that brings back the fact that accusations of racism have dogged Sessions for decades, and rightly so. He is a throwback to a time we really should be trying to get away from, and here he is, the nation s top law enforcement officer. Shameful, but true. Therefore, Stephen Colbert s tweet on the matter is more than fitting:Sessions is ""amazed"" an ""island in the Pacific"" judge can block the travel ban. Just like how I'm ""bewildered"" a ""racist elf"" can be AG.  Stephen Colbert (@StephenAtHome) April 21, 2017That is exactly what Jeff Sessions is   a stone cold racist. A stone cold racist who is now in charge of the civil liberties of the citizens of the United States of America. You really can t make this stuff up.Thank you for telling it like it is, Mr. Colbert. Goodness knows, we need more voices like yours.Featured image via Zach Gibson/Getty Images",0
1727, Trump Panics: Judging My First 100 Days In Office Is A ‘Ridiculous Standard’,"Alleged president Donald Trump doesn t want to be judged by his first 100 days in office even though it became a tradition after Franklin D. Roosevelt s first few months after taking the oath. But really, we can t blame the former reality show star for wanting to forgo the tradition considering how horrifying Trump s nearly 100 days in office has been. As for his accomplishments, we re not seeing any. And in comparison to former President Barack Obama, Trump looks like an amateur.Early this morning Trump tweeted,  No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, & it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill! No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, & it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 21, 2017We re not sure what Trump did in South Carolina. Perhaps he s referring to Georgia where Democrat Jon Ossoff outperformed every Republican candidate in the deep red district but he just didn t pay the 50 percent mark to avoid a runoff. Or maybe Trump is talking about Neil Gorsuch. It s hard to tell.Trump s 100th day may begin with a government shutdown if Congress fails to approve a new spending deal.Obama passed 11 laws during his first 100 days in office. So far, Trump has focused on reversing vital things that his predecessor has done for this country, including Internet privacy and health care, among others. The bigot-in-chief failed twice to pass a ban on Muslims entering the U.S. Trump is inundated with scandals, including his administration s possible collusion with a hostile foreign government to interfere in our election process.The Internet reacted to Trump s tweet:Trump says the first 100 days is a ""ridiculous standard""Signed legislation compared. Obama did everything on the left in the first 50 days pic.twitter.com/hDzw6GkkCl  Brian Klaas (@brianklaas) April 21, 2017I think people know I'm no Trump fan but I searched signed legislation for major legislation to positively highlight Trump. It doesn't exist  Brian Klaas (@brianklaas) April 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump Let's look at some of Trump's accomplishments during his first 100 days: ""Misplaced"" an entire naval strike group pic.twitter.com/XN3CycDITJ  Rob Szczerba (@RJSzczerba) April 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump On ISIS: ""They will have 30 days to submit to the Oval Office a plan for soundly and quickly defeating ISIS.""That was 83 days ago.  Alex Zalben (@azalben) April 21, 2017Instead of working, Trump has been golfing and taking weekend vacays.@realDonaldTrump Look how many days you went golfing ! More than Obama, Bush, or Clinton in the first 100 days! Big league accomplishment !  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) April 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump You accomplished? You're charging US citizens thousands of dollars each time you use your own golf cart! & that's just the smaller charges ?  ? (@VeeVee) April 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump Soooooo what have you *actually* done? Defeated ISIS? Nope. Repealed ACA? Oh, nope  Golfed a lot? Oh hell yep. pic.twitter.com/IS3ZmYZPq4  Cerian Jenkins (@CerianJenkins) April 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump How typical. As you're about to fail the 100 day test, you begin attacking the ""unfairness"" of the test. So predictable.  Trita Parsi (@tparsi) April 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump Wait, what did he do to South Carolina? pic.twitter.com/1ToyO135VI  RPBP (@rpbp) April 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump But you've not accomplished anything, 45. Hilarious you say this while currently under FBI investigation for treason. We haven't forgot.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) April 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump I mean, you have rolled back many Obama era regulations. But I'm pretty sure thats more like reversing progress, not a great accomplishment.  Aaron Shive (@aaronshhh) April 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump Where's the report on Russian hacking that you promised you would deliver in your first 100 days? We're waiting.  Caroline O. (@RVAwonk) April 21, 2017Unless Trump considers his playdate with Kid Rock, Ted Nugent and Sarah Palin on Thursday an  accomplishment,  then he s done nothing to move our country forward. Or embarrassing us in front of the world by disparaging our allies. That, too, is not an  accomplishment.  Words mean things.But the fact Trump hasn t blown anything up today is sort of an accomplishment for an angry 70-year-old Twitter addict.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1728, Trump HUMILIATED Over Name-Drop That’s Worse Than Frederick Douglass Gaffe (TWEETS),"Is The Donald really this oblivious to the entire world? And history? And, well, everything? Two and a half months after embarrassing himself by implying that Frederick Douglass was still alive, he embarrasses himself by dropping the name of yet another famous person who has passed away   Luciano Pavarotti. He didn t just imply that Pavarotti is still living today (he died of pancreatic cancer ten years ago). While he and Italy s prime minister held a joint press conference, he must have decided to praise Italy for the gift of Pavarotti (or rather, he decided to use Pavarotti to puff himself up and appear more superior) by saying: Pavarotti, friend of mine, great friend of mine. First off, as stated before, Pavarotti is no longer gracing the world with his amazing tenor voice. Twitter made a point of reminding Trump of that:@kylegriffin1 @colattesipper @MSNBC Which is when I wish that Trump had died, instead of Pavarotti. Since at least Pavarotti could sing, and Trump can t do anything ..sad!  Conversation Bug (@Conversationbug) April 20, 2017I can t get enough of this.#Trump #pavarotti such good friends.#FakePresident#FakeFriends#DeadFriends https://t.co/stId5Lkx0N  Betsy (@studio_gal) April 20, 2017So Trump let everyone know that Pavarotti is a friend of his. Maybe he ll invite Pavarotti and Frederick Douglass to attend a WH dinner.  Gail Stein (@gailstein) April 20, 2017@kylegriffin1 @jefferyrhenry @MSNBC Is Trump inviting Frederick Douglass and Pavarotti for unbelievable chocolate cake?   Leticia   (@ColinLeti) April 20, 2017@ALT_uscis We re still at zero for the number of days he hasn t been an embarrassment to this country.  Kim Thompson (@KimYarnwrangler) April 20, 2017@ALT_uscis  Chef Boyardee. The best chef. Great friend of mine. He cooks for me all the time. Love his food.  Anybody s Guess (@boxcarbrenda) April 20, 2017@kylegriffin1 @MSNBC Since Trump and Pavarotti are such  great  friends I m sure he ll be saddened to hear of his passing  #LobCitySoldier (@RealAnthony14) April 20, 2017Trump & Pavarotti were great friends. They d get together & wear each other s sports bras.  Good DAY, Sir! (@xISaidGoodDAY) April 20, 2017Little known fact: Trump still gets together every weekend with Joe Paterno and Luciano Pavarotti for Trump s Little Italy club. https://t.co/h5z6faw64l  Joe Bob #721 (@JHowieJr) April 20, 2017Trump should have asked Pavarotti to sing at his inauguration.  William Peace ?? (@WilliamPeace81) April 20, 2017@sddphoto @ntned I know who Pavarotti is, but I don t know why Trump thinks he is still alive.  sara caudell (@CaudellSara) April 20, 2017Don t worry, guys. Pavarotti told Marcello Mastroianni we should keep acting as if Trump s normal, and Marcello told me.  Suzanne Munshower (@expatina) April 20, 2017@IMPL0RABLE @teka21bat Trump s presser with Italian PM is so cringe worthy, his good friend Pavarotti can t even stand to watch it.  (((Shelley Rivlin))) (@srivlin) April 20, 2017But it s also not likely that Pavarotti was any friend of Trump s at all. Trump repeatedly used a recording of him singing Puccini s  Nessun Dorma  during his campaign, and his family asked Trump to stop.  Nessun Dorma  means  None Shall Sleep,  and Pavarotti s rendition has a climax where he sings  Vincero  three times, which means  I will win. We all know how Trump likes to  win. The family issued a statement that said: As members of his immediate family, we would like to recall that the values of brotherhood and solidarity which Luciano Pavarotti expressed throughout the course of his artistic career are entirely incompatible with the world view offered by the candidate Donald Trump. Trump may well have met Pavarotti at some point, but one would think that, if they had been great friends, he would have at least been able to act like he knew Pavarotti was gone. The family may also have taken that into account regarding the use of Pavarotti s aria at rallies if it were true.So not only did he again demonstrate that he doesn t know a damn thing about anything that goes on, and he likely lied about being great friends with that man. Pavarotti was a great man. Trump is an insecure, pathetic fraction of a man.Watch below:Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
1729," WATCH: Trump Directs Childish Tantrum At Canada, Prime Minister Trudeau Shows Him How An Adult Acts","Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau just demonstrated that he s the adult in the room when it comes to dealing with Donald Trump.In remarks from the Oval Office on Thursday, Trump launched a childish attack on our northern neighbor and longtime ally over the dairy industry in yet another overall assault on the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). I want to end and add by saying that Canada   what they ve done to our dairy farm workers is a disgrace,  Trump began.  It s a disgrace. I spent time with some of the farmers in Wisconsin   and as you know, rules, regulations, different things, have changed; and our farmers in Wisconsin and New York State are being put out of business   our dairy farmers. The fact is, NAFTA   whether it s Mexico or Canada   is a disaster for our country. It s a disaster. It s a trading disaster,  Trump continued.  We can t let Canada or anybody else take advantage, and do what they do to our workers and to our farmers. We re going to have to get to the negotiating table with Canada very, very quickly this is another NAFTA disaster, and we re not going to let it continue onward. Here s the video via YouTube:Trump s tantrum drew a sharp but very adult response from Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who told Bloomberg that he  understands  that governors in the border states are playing politics with the dairy issue, but then he pointed out that America  has a $400 million dairy surplus with Canada. In other words, the supply of milk in the United States has surpassed demand, which means farmers can t sell any more because there is already too much milk on the market. So it s not Canada that is the challenge here,  Trudeau continued, adding that we need to base our trading relationships on the facts so that people in both countries can succeed.Trudeau further pointed out that the United States subsidizes much of the agriculture industry and that we should  not pretend we re in a global free market when it comes to agriculture. Every country protects, for good reason, its agricultural industries. Trudeau went on to say that Canada is not going to  overreact,  but will instead  lay out the facts  and hold substantive talks about how Canada, Mexico, and the United States can fix some of the issues with NAFTA that need tweaking. Trudeau even addressed Trump directly by stating that once Trump is presented the facts he ll  take a different position. He has shown if he says one thing and actually hears good counter arguments or good reasons why he should shift his position, he will take a different position if it s a better one, if the arguments win him over,  Trudeau said.Here s the video via YouTube:Once again, Trump embarrasses himself and the United States. Throwing a temper tantrum will not achieve anything except negative results.Featured Image: Getty Images",0
1730," GOP FURIOUS As Repeal FAILS, Americans Now Prefer Obamacare Over Entire Republican Party (IMAGE)","Not too long ago, the Republican Party and Donald Trump made a disgusting move to screw over millions of Americans when they tried to repeal the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) with the American Health Care Act (Trumpcare). The plan fortunately didn t work out and was shot down immediately, leaving the GOP stunned and upset that their disastrous bill didn t pass. They ve just been delivered another devastating blow, this time by Americans who are showing the Republican Party they haven t forgotten.Thanks to the GOP s unethical Obamacare replacement, Obamacare is now more popular than ever   more popular than the Republican Party as a whole!Ezra Klein tweeted this amazing graph to illustrate:This is going to tear Trump and the GOP apart, considering how desperate they were to get rid of Obamacare. The overwhelming support that the Affordable Care Act is receiving now will surely make it harder for Republicans to get rid of it in the future, if they dare try again.This serves as a major warning to the GOP   if they keep trying to get rid of Obama s legacy and policies that clearly work, their party will lose all support and soon there will be no Republican Party. If conservatives thought they would have Americans standing behind them during their attempt to repeal a health care law that provides access to more Americans than ever, they ve just learned that they were very, VERY wrong.The GOP has no idea how badly the party has been damaged under Trump. He is completely obsessed with pushing legislation through, and it has been working against the Republican Party as each attempt of his fails and the party becomes more unpopular than ever. With the introduction of Trumpcare, Republicans have basically paved the way for Democrats to get Congress back in two years, and getting Trump out of the White House.Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
1731," Chaffetz Says Screw Congress, Might Leave Before His Term Is Up (DETAILS)","House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), doesn t think he wants to be a Congressman anymore. He already dropped jaws when he announced that he would not be running for Congress again, but now he says he might not even finish out his term and may just run for the hills instead.Speaking to KSL News Radio s Doug Wright on Thursday, Chaffetz said he hasn t decided what he is going to do yet, but he might choose not to finish out his term. He made it clear that he still hasn t made up his mind about what he will do and is taking into consideration what the state of Utah would have to do to replace him if he walks away from his seat. I will continue to weigh the options, but I might depart early,  Chaffetz told the radio host.On Wednesday, Chaffetz made the announcement that he would not be running for either the House or Senate in 2018. However, at no point has he tried to rule out the possibility of a future run for another office, such as governor of Utah, for example.At this point, his office has not returned requests for comment or released an official statement. Chaffetz is currently serving his fifth term. If he chooses to remain in Congress, he would be able to serve as House Oversight Committee Chairman until 2020 according to the House GOP s present rules, which limit committee chairs to three terms.Chaffetz said he is considering abandoning his career in Congress because he wants to spend more time with his family and is ready to return to the private sector. If he does decide to leave, the race to fill his seat as chairman of the Oversight Committee will commence. So far, no one on the powerful committee has been willing to publicly confirm whether they would be interested in taking his place as chairman.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1732, AG Sessions Directs Disgusting Insult At Hawaii After Hawaiian Judge Blocks Trump’s Muslim Ban,"Trump s Attorney General Jeff Sessions is as furious as Trump is over the blocking of an executive order that would have denied Muslims entry into the United States. Rather than reassess their own morality, the Islamophobic tag team has gone after the judges who have pointed out their plans are unconstitutional. For Trump, a former reality tv star and current 70-year-old Fox News viewer, the inability to understand the basics of America s justice system is pretty much a given, but his Attorney General seems just as clueless   and it s literally his job to understand the law.Highlighting his sheer incompetence to perform the job he was handpicked to do, Sessions (formerly an Alabama senator best known for being a racist) slammed the state of Hawaii and discounted its importance in the United States with a shocking rant during an interview with right-wing conspiracy theorist Mark Levin: We ve got cases moving in the very, very liberal Ninth Circuit, who, they ve been hostile to the order,  Sessions said.  We won a case in Virginia recently that was a nicely-written order that just demolished, I thought, all the arguments that some of the other people have been making. We are confident that the President will prevail on appeal and particularly in the Supreme Court, if not the Ninth Circuit. So this is a huge matter. I really am amazed that a judge sitting on an island in the Pacific can issue an order that stops the President of the United States from what appears to be clearly his statutory and Constitutional power. That judge  sitting on an island in the Pacific  Sessions was so quick to dismiss? He s a federal judge working in a federal court in the U.S. state of Hawaii. Hardly a random nobody.As ever, the Trump administration s go-to defense of their badly botched policies is to attack the critics for not letting them do whatever they want. Trump s so-called  travel ban  would have overtly banned many Muslims from entering the United States based exclusively on their religion and ethnicity. The Constitution is pretty clear on that. The ruling was so straightforward that it was actually confirmed by several other federal judges before Trump announced that he was dropping his stab at it and starting over.And given Sessions  track record, it is a bit more odious that he would choose to go after the  island in the Pacific  populated by a diverse group of Americans. Racist dog whistles aren t supposed to be this loud.UPDATE: As reporters have pointed out, Sessions  smear on Judge Derrick Watson is even more obviously partisan because he actually voted for him.FYI Jeff Sessions voted to confirm Derrick Watson, the federal judge he's now attacking as ""a judge sitting on an island in the Pacific"". pic.twitter.com/kfeL4ZoKrP  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) April 20, 2017Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1733," Sarah Palin, Kid Rock And Ted Nugent Visited The White House; They Were As White Trash As You’d Think","Sarah Palin, Kid Rock, and Ted Nugent visited the White House on Wednesday. No, that s not a setup for a Beverly Hillbillies remake. In fact, the Clampetts would have likely been embarrassed by this motley trio.Rock and Nugent brought their wives along, but Palin came sans Todd.There aren t a lot of specifics in the news about the visit, but Nugent and Rock, in pure redneck style, wore their signature hats for the visit. Palin, who we thought we banned from the White House in 2008, chose an off the shoulder blouse that conservatives would have had a conniption over if it was Michelle Obama.To add insult to injury, they decided to pose in front of the portrait of Hillary Clinton simply to mock her. Klassy..@POTUS invited @SarahPalinUSA to dinner and told her to bring some friends pic.twitter.com/Okk6wVWpha  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) April 20, 2017Remember when the right became filled with rage when President Obama wore a tan suit or put his feet up on his desk?A few years later, and all White House decorum seems to have left the building.Twitter, naturally, had fun with the visit.@jaketapper @POTUS @SarahPalinUSA Trump is a poor man s rich guy. Disgusting.  Lesley Abravanel (@lesleyabravanel) April 20, 2017@rahulsood @jaketapper @POTUS @SarahPalinUSA the world is in crisis, and these people are acting like childish imbeciles. It speaks volumes.  Lesley Abravanel (@lesleyabravanel) April 20, 2017@NH45547 @jaketapper @POTUS @SarahPalinUSA All about fashion forward but also the off the shoulder casual blouses? And remember when HC was ridiculed for a slight v-neck?! ???  Nicole Peckumn (@NPeckumn) April 20, 2017@jaketapper @realDonaldTrump @SarahPalinUSA The gr8 intellectuals @ the White Frat House. @TedNugent u re a c***. pic.twitter.com/MeMX7dOmIz  ERIC ALEXANDRAKIS (@Alexandrakis) April 20, 2017@jaketapper @POTUS @SarahPalinUSA Mocking the former First Lady must mean it s ok to mock the current First Lady, eh?  Blobert ? (@blobert) April 20, 2017@jaketapper @POTUS @SarahPalinUSA I just vomited and when it hit the ground it made the sound  badwitdaba  and now everything makes sense.  Dane Rauschenberg (@SeeDaneRun) April 20, 2017What s next for this Trump White House, a NASCAR race on the lawn?Featured image via Twitter",0
1734, Voters Prefer America’s Most Hated Airline Over Donald Trump,"The current occupant of the White House has finally accomplished something for his first 100 days in office; he s considered by American voters to be worse than the country s most hated airline. United just can t stay out of the news. In late March, a United Airlines agent at Denver International Airport stopped two teenage girls from boarding a flight because they wore leggings. Earlier this month a passenger was violently dragged from his seat and down the aisle because the flight was overbooked. That man, a doctor, had to go to the hospital after the incident. Also, earlier this month, a man on a United flight back from Mexico was falsely accused of trafficking his white daughter.Trump is even more unfavorable than United Airlines.A whopping 42 percent of those surveyed by Public Policy Polling (PPP) say they prefer United more than Trump. In contrast, 40 percent favor Trump.We re sure the former reality show star won t be touting these numbers on his Twitter timeline:Pollsters found generally negative attitudes toward United, with 47 percent viewing it unfavorably. Twenty-three percent see the airline favorably.PPP discovered Trump fares worse than United, with 52 percent of respondents considering him unfavorably and 43 percent favorably.In the survey, United was ranked as America s worst airline. The aforementioned 69-year-old doctor s attorney said his client suffered a concussion, broken nose and lost two teeth during the incident.Trump s poll numbers are abysmally low, even in other surveys. The most recent one done by Pew Research shows the alleged president still garnering historically low approval numbers for any president during his first 90 days on the job.To put this in perspective, at this same point in Barack Obama s presidency, four times as many Republicans approved of him as Democrats who approve of Trump now.There is a difference between United and Trump. United feigns to be a caring airline in its ads, then drags customers off their flights without consequence. Trump is treating people exactly as he said he would. Nothing he does comes as a surprise to any of us. That is, unless you weren t paying attention during his campaign.Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1735, Exxon Mobil Brazenly Attempts To Use Administration To Grant Russian Favors,"During Watergate, the line became  follow the money.  In the Trump, Russia scandal, you can bet that investigators are following the money. In fact, the for-profit scheme is so brazen that the Trump administration, which is packed with oligarchs, is flaunting it.Not only is the Trump administration blatantly profiting off of the office of the presidency, but Exxon Mobil, the company that used to have Trump Secretary of State Rex Tillerson at its helm, is asking for a waiver so they can profit in Russia.This is beginning to sound a bit like deja vu; a Trump meets with a foreign leader and mysteriously, new business ventures open for Trumpsters.Of course, it s one thing is that country is actually a trading partner   then only the Emoluments Clause is brought into question   but when members of the Trump administration attempt to do business with Russia, a country with whom our relationship can best be defined as  it s complicated,  (we have sanctions againt them) more than a few eyebrows are raised. They aren t even pretending anymore. Exxon wants to drill in Russia and you can be sure that if it were just up to the Trump administration, they would be granted their application, despite the fact that they were denied just two years ago.Exxon has been seeking U.S. permission to drill with Rosneft in several areas banned by sanctions and renewed a push for approval in March, shortly after its most recent chief executive, Rex Tillerson, became secretary of state on Feb. 1, according to one of these people. The company originally applied for a waiver to gain access to the Black Sea in July 2015 but its application wasn t approved, the person said.Source: Wall Street JournalWhile Tillerson has recused himself for two years on anything regarding his old company, the people who work for him in the State Department will be processing the application.The only thing standing in the way of the application is our very corporate friendly Republican Congress, although, at a time when they are investigating Russian ties, granting permission might not be the best way to win over voters. They are investigating connections between Trump s administration and Russia. It certainly doesn t look good that right after Trump snatches Tillerson from Exxon Mobil, they ask for favors from the government. Did I mention that Tillerson has what the Wall Street Journal describes as a  close working relationship  with Russia s President Vladimir Putin?The best response to the request did come from one Republican, though. Senator John McCain (R-Arizona) tweeted  Are they crazy? Are they crazy? @WSJ:  Exxon Seeks U.S. Waiver to Resume #Russia Oil Venture  https://t.co/CHKS3sjOa8  John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) April 19, 2017No, they aren t crazy. They are seeing exactly how much they can get away with, and so far, they are getting away with everything.Featured image via Brian Harkin/Getty Images",0
1736, New Research Shows Trump’s Border Wall Will Be Even MORE Worthless Than We Thought (DETAILS)," Build the wall! Build the wall!  Supposedly nobody builds better walls than Donald Trump, and the government is already hard at work acquiring the land and materials necessary to build a wall that s likely to do nothing to stop people from crossing the southern border. Now, a new study shows that the border wall may also be more a more unjustified waste of money than ever.Illegal immigration has been falling since 2007, but this latest bit of research out of the University of California, San Diego, says it will continue to fall. It s partly because of Obama   contrary to what xenophobic conservatives say, Obama did not favor or enable an open border. He made stemming the flow of immigrants a priority of his administration. The right wing is pissed because he also worked to protect people who were already here.However, the biggest causes of the drop are actually far more subtle and beyond the control of even the most hard-line, xenophobic White House. Economic trends, such as falling demand for low-skilled workers, play a huge role too. That s a long-term trend that these researchers don t see reversing itself anytime soon.There s also a major demographic component to this   our baby boom ended rather quickly in the early 1960s. However, in Latin America, it fell off far more gradually, resulting in a much larger number of younger Latin American workers who could find better opportunities here, in the 1990s and early 2000s, than in their home countries.That also is no longer true. The birth rate in Latin America is now about the same as ours, resulting in a falloff in the number of people trying to come here for opportunity. Furthermore, the population of undocumented immigrants that we do have is aging. Over the next few decades, they ll be forced to either start paying ridiculous medical bills out of pocket, or they ll find themselves forced to return to their home countries.If you combine these factors, the number of people trying to cross the border illegally will continue to drop. In fact, the researchers believe it will fall sharply over the next 20 years even without a wall.And yet, here s Trump and all his loyal subjects still chanting that a wall, which will cost anywhere from $21 billion to $70 billion and take years to build, is absolutely necessary to securing the border. But nobody actually knows how much money we could waste on this wall because no reliable estimates exist. According to U.S. Customs and Border Protection, there are too  many variables that are currently unknown  to be able to accurately estimate this cost.Yet they re asking for $2.6 billion for just 71 miles of new barriers for FY2018. That s a lot of money for less than 100 miles of barrier.We already knew that we, the taxpayers, were going to foot the bill for something that s probably not going to work. But now we re going to foot the bill for something that isn t just ineffective, but is wholly unnecessary.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
1737, Patriots White House Group Photo Sure To Infuriate Trump After Obama Comparison Surfaces,"It s no secret that Donald Trump has deep insecurities about his job performance compared to his predecessor. Making matters worse, Trump s favorability continues to take a nosedive while former president Barack Obama is seeing a post-office surge. America got its first example of just how thin-skinned and vain Trump really would be as president when he repeatedly lied (and had his staff lie) about the size of his inauguration crowd.We re about to get a second glimpse.On Wednesday, Trump hosted the New England Patriots football team at the White House in honor of the Super Bowl win. However, not everyone made the trip. Months ago, players started announcing that they would boycott the trip due to Trump s divisive rhetoric. His history of racism, sexism, xenophobia and intolerance were enough to make many players not want to lend their support to his presidency.In an additional blow, Trump s idol Tom Brady decided (last minute) that he would not be attending the ceremony either. Brady s official excuse was  family  reasons. It s unclear if there was another, more Trump-related reason. The news was probably devastating to Trump, who has long considered Brady one of his few friends.As a result of the boycotts, Trump s group photo with the Patriots was noticeably sparse. It looked even worse when the New York Times dug up the 2015 Patriots White House visit. (Yeah, they win Super Bowls a lot.)Patriots' turnout for President Obama in 2015 vs. Patriots' turnout for President Trump today: https://t.co/OxMEOqZonI pic.twitter.com/pLmJWhOw1j  NYT Sports (@NYTSports) April 19, 2017Awkward Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1738," BREAKING: It’s Real, Russia Stole Our Election And Now Officials Have Definitive PROOF","While we don t yet have the smoking gun that specifically says Donald Trump colluded with the Russians to win the presidency, US officials now have the blueprint that the Russians used to ensure that Hillary Clinton lost the election, and much of it will sound very familiar.According to three current and four former US officials, a Russian think tank controlled by Vladimir Putin used tried and true KGB tactics to make sure the election went exactly as they wanted.They described two confidential documents from the think tank as providing the framework and rationale for what U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded was an intensive effort by Russia to interfere with the Nov. 8 election. U.S. intelligence officials acquired the documents, which were prepared by the Moscow-based Russian Institute for Strategic Studies [en.riss.ru/], after the election.Source: ReutersThe first of the two documents was written in June. It didn t specifically mention Donald Trump, but it did outline a plan of using social media to sour voters toward any candidate who would share President Obama s hardline stance toward Russia.The second document was from October, just a month before the election:A second institute document, drafted in October and distributed in the same way, warned that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was likely to win the election. For that reason, it argued, it was better for Russia to end its pro-Trump propaganda and instead intensify its messaging about voter fraud to undermine the U.S. electoral system s legitimacy and damage Clinton s reputation in an effort to undermine her presidency, the seven officials said.In other words, all the anti-Hillary, anti-DNC crap you heard during the election was straight out of Putin s playbook. From the right, while Trump was making accusations of voter fraud, you can be sure that his marching orders were coming from the Kremlin.The US officials are still remaining anonymous and American intelligence agencies are not commenting right now, but it s clear without Russia s campaign of fake news and their attempt to undermine confidence in our electoral system was exactly what Trump needed to win. The hacking wasn t part of the blueprint, but that was icing on the cake that came from another Kremlin source.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images.",0
1739," Trump Takes Credit For Republican ‘Win’ In Georgia, And Gets Brutally Humiliated With Math","You would think that a businessman would understand math. Not Donald Trump.Democratic congressional candidate Jon Ossoff narrowly missed an outright victory in Georgia on Tuesday.As Republicans poured money into the race, Ossoff s anti-Trump campaign soared and nearly cruised to an easy win in a district that is considered a Republican fortress.In other words, Ossoff should not have been able to even get close to winning. But Donald Trump s increasing unpopularity combined with his incompetence gave Democrats a strategy to become competitive in even the most conservative areas.After being upset in Delaware and nearly losing in Kansas, Republicans had much to be worried about on Tuesday as election results flowed in.Even Trump recognized that the race in Georgia represents a backlash against his administration and Republican power in Congress, which is why he attacked Ossoff repeatedly on Twitter.It s a test of what Republicans could expect in 2018 when the midterm election rolls around.Instead of a Republican wave, however, the current party that controls Congress could be swept out of power by a Democratic wave, paving the way for Trump s impeachment and the reversal of the destructive policies he and his Republican friends in Congress have put in place so far.In the end, Ossoff did not secure the 50 percent of the vote needed to win. The election now heads to a runoff in June between Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel.But that didn t stop Trump from declaring that race a victory for Republicans and taking credit for it.Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG  R  win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 19, 2017Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 19, 2017The problem is that Democrats did not  fail.  Ossoff captured 48 percent of the vote in a district that should have easily been won by Republicans. Handel only got 19 percent of the vote and Ossoff got more votes than just about every Republican on the ticket combined.Twitter users were more than happy to humiliate Trump s math skills.@realDonaldTrump Dems didn t  fail  in Georgia. The  super liberal  Democrat @ossoff got more votes than every single Republican by far. #FactsMatter pic.twitter.com/9ToZdC7Zlq  William LeGate (@williamlegate) April 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump They did  but .sweetie Republicans are failing in those districts to win by same margins as they did before YOU came along.  Erich McElroy (@erichmcelroy) April 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump He got 48% of the vote twice as much as Handel.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) April 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump By  failing  you mean how well Ossoff did despite tons of dark money spending by the Reps in Rep territory. Alright.  Anirvan Ghosh (@anirvanghosh) April 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump Just for the record, Ossoff won twice the number of popular votes as Handel. That s called a  win .  Anirvan Ghosh (@anirvanghosh) April 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump You should ask Ossoff how it feels to actually win the popular vote.  Mark Pygas (@MarkPygas) April 19, 2017@JordanUhl @realDonaldTrump Just gotta love the fact that a reality tv star is whining about  Hollywood  Patricia Zh. (@ljtost) April 19, 2017@Mike_P_Williams @realDonaldTrump I don t ever remember @BarackObama repeatedly bashing every person that didn t vote for him. Probably because he was a decent person, though  Dana Smith (@Brady5thOrBust) April 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump Are you kidding me? Are you unable to comprehend basic math? Dems have the most votes in GA. What is wrong with you?  ? (@VeeVee) April 19, 2017@realdonaldtrump  Fail . You keep using this word. I do not think it means what you think it means. pic.twitter.com/iyewM44nC3  Howdy Doody (@DanHowdle) April 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump #Ossoff got a bigger percentage of the vote than you did.  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) April 19, 2017It s time for Republicans to face reality. Donald Trump is hurting their party and is the reason why they are heading for a major defeat in 2018.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1740, Trump UNRAVELS As Republicans Admit He Should Spend Less Time Playing Golf (DETAILS),"By now, pretty much all of America can agree that Donald Trump needs to spend more time working and less time on the golf course   and it s not just the Democrats who think this. Apparently, there is now a big push from the Republican Party to get Trump to spend less time at Mar-a-Lago.Republican Joni Ernst confessed that the GOP is having a hard time defending all the time Trump is spending away from his responsibilities at the White House. At an Iowa town hall, Ernst admitted that the GOP as a whole believes that Trump should drastically cut down on his costly getaways: I do wish he would spend more time in Washington, DC. That s what we have the White House for, we would love to see more of those State Department visits in Washington, DC. I think it s smart that he does business in Washington DC, so I ve had those same concerns myself. Ernst then dropped this bombshell, signaling that many Republicans aren t happy with how Trump is performing: I have not spoken to him about the Florida issue yet, but that is something I think that has been bothering not just me, but some other members of our caucus. So I think that is going to be a topic of discussion that we have when we get back to Washington. Ernst has criticized Trump before, previously stating that he  has a number of flaws.  While we can t expect that the GOP will lash out at Trump for taking far more golf trips than former President Barack Obama did, this is a step in the right direction. It seems the GOP is trying to reel Trump in and actually get him to perform his presidential duties. They probably won t succeed, but their attempts show that Trump s honeymoon period is coming to an end as he has nothing to show for his first 100 days in office.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
1741, YOU’RE FIRED: Fox News Is Finally Kicking Trump Pal Bill O’Reilly To The Curb And It’s About Damn Time,"For decades, Bill O Reilly has poisoned the airwaves with his racism, sexism, and right-wing rhetoric on Fox News. Not anymore.The exodus of advertisers from his show on the conservative propaganda network finally tipped the scales against O Reilly. Years of sexually harassing his female colleagues, being a domestic abuser, and lying about being a war correspondent were apparently not enough to justify firing him earlier, but lost advertiser dollars struck the killing blow on O Reilly s pathetic career.New York Magazine reports:According to sources briefed on the discussions, network executives are preparing to announce O Reilly s departure before he returns from an Italian vacation on April 24. Now the big questions are how the exit will look and who will replace him.O Reilly went on  vacation  after the New York Times revealed that Fox News has spent $13 million settling sexual harassment lawsuits against O Reilly over the years.In response to the revelation, O Reilly played the victim. The worst part of my job is being a target for those who would harm me and my employer, the Fox News Channel,  O Reilly said.But the fact that Fox News paid off O Reilly s many accusers rather than fight them in court makes it pretty clear that Fox knew they would not win.Once the New York Times story got out, companies who advertise on O Reilly s show began pulling their ads in droves. The allegations are disturbing and, given the importance of women in every aspect of our business, we don t feel this is a good environment in which to advertise our products right now,  Mercedes-Benz said in a statement.And that s pretty much the stance every other company has taken to explain why they are pulling their advertising.Of course, O Reilly had his defenders as well.Serial sexual predator Donald Trump, who admitted he grabs women by their genitals without their consent, defended him. I don t think Bill did anything wrong,  Trump said.  I think he s a person I know well   he is a good person. Trump s decision to weigh in didn t help O Reilly at all. A majority of women in this country fiercely oppose him, and Trump s past statements about women and his past treatment of women was just another example of a sexual predator defending a fellow sexual predator.Fox News is expected to publicly announce O Reilly s departure soon. But they won t say he was fired. They ll make up some bullshit about how this was a mutual decision and they ll say nothing but good things about O Reilly. O Reilly will likely whine and claim that he s the real victim.But the impact of O Reilly s firing will last for years. Conservatives love his show and he was a ratings winner for a network that has started to struggle.Megyn Kelly s departure from the network was a major blow. Losing O Reilly as well will be crushing. Ratings have already dipped and Fox News  audience is aging.Fox News and conservatives are going to miss O Reilly. The majority of the country, however, are going to say  good riddance. Featured Image: Addicting Info Screenshot",0
1742, Sarah Palin Gets Annihilated On Twitter For Whining About Elizabeth Warren Using ‘Fight Like A Girl’ Line,"At least Elizabeth Warren isn t a quitter like Sarah Palin.After all, Sarah Palin could have remained in office as Governor of Alaska and continued to build a political career. Instead, Palin quit halfway through her term to pursue reality stardom and has become nothing more than a desperate grifter who relies on donations to her super PAC to maintain her lifestyle.That s not  fighting like a girl,  it s conning like a conman.Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren, however, is still fighting for women and the poor and middle class in Congress and could very well run for president in 2020. Warren has been fighting for the American people for years and has become a symbol of the women s movement.That s why Warren posed with the  Fearless Girl  statue on Tuesday and posted the image on Twitter with the caption,  Fight like a girl. Fight like a girl. pic.twitter.com/qGTn46jS9W  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) April 18, 2017And of course, Sarah Palin whined about it by crying to Breitbart.Palin claimed that she s a  legit fighter  for women and accused Warren of urging women to  claim victimization  when asked about her use of the phrase. I don t know. Coming from liberals who urge women to claim victimization,  Fight like a girl  just doesn t sound the same as when legit fighters for equality say it, mean it, live it, and will never give it up. Basically, Palin thinks fighting like a girl means never speaking up when you re being treated like shit.Women in this country have had to deal with rape culture, discrimination, and pay inequality for far too long, not to mention all the attacks on reproductive rights coming from right-wingers like Palin herself.How can one claim to  fight like a girl  when one doesn t even bother to fight for women rights to make their own choices about their own bodies?As usual, Palin is nothing more than a complete hypocrite who is bitching about a phrase she has never lived up to.Even Twitter users slammed Palin for attacking Warren.@SarahPalinUSA Sorry Sara but you didn t create the quote , you stole it and claimed it as yours #GovernorQuitter  Joey Mitchell (@JoeyM728) April 19, 2017@SarahPalinUSA Before you know it, she ll be hanging out in Alaska claiming that she can see Russia from her backyard.  Michelle Mantell (@mich101564) April 19, 2017@SarahPalinUSA Are you truly this stupid? This comment was not created by you! It s been around for decades and you stole it from someone else. SAD!  Michael Fishel (@SparkyWhoRuns) April 19, 2017@SarahPalinUSA I think you should engage Warren in a public debate then. You won t. She would eat you alive and you know it, Mrs Word Salad.  E-Man (@ebruce2) April 19, 2017@SarahPalinUSA Rather have a senator that works than have a quitter anyday .. LMFAO  TheStuPadaso (@The_Stu_Padaso) April 19, 2017Featured Image: Flickr",0
1743, BREAKING: Benghazi-Obsessed GOP Congressman Jason Chaffetz Too Scared To Run For Re-election (DETAILS),"Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) has been a thorn in the side of Democrats ever since Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State. He blamed her for many things that clearly were beyond her control, most notably the attacks on the compound in Benghazi, Libya, that wound up taking the lives of multiple America diplomats. After that attack, Chaffetz, who chairs the House Oversight Committee, spent more than two years and millions in taxpayer money to keep investigating Hillary   each time coming up empty because she did nothing wrong. He even said he had investigations lined up in the event that Hillary took the White House. Well, now that Trump is president and there are no more Clinton investigations to keep his base salivating, Chaffetz has announced that there will be no 2018 Congressional race for him.Chaffetz took to Facebook Wednesday morning to announce his decision, and, of course, he insists that it was not a politically motivated move: After long consultation with my family and prayerful consideration, I have decided I will not be a candidate for any office in 2018. For those that would speculate otherwise, let me be clear that I have no ulterior motives. I am healthy. I am confident I would continue to be re-elected by large margins. I have the full support of Speaker Ryan to continue as Chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. That said, I have made a personal decision to return to the private sector. Here is the embed of the full Facebook post:Despite what Chaffetz is saying regarding his reasons for not running again, it s likely a pack of lies. After all, he made it his mission to destroy Hillary Clinton, and made it clear that he would continue to try and get her on something, anything were she to be elected president. However, now that we have Trump as president instead of Hillary, Chaffetz is choosing to turn a blind eye to all of Trump s scandals. He refuses to look into Trump s conflicts of interest, is mum on the Russia investigation for the most part, and has nothing to say on Trump s lies and obvious character flaws and deficiencies. In short   as long as the president is a Republican, he can trample the law into pieces all he wants.This stance would have likely been problematic for Chaffetz in the 2018 Congressional race, to say the least. His state largely loathed Trump, and the alternative conservative candidate and #NeverTrump media star Evan McMullin got a good chunk of the vote. In short   Chaffetz would have been primaried, and would have likely suffered a crushing defeat there. Instead of risking that, he is choosing to bow out early, and use lame excuses to do so.All I can say is good riddance, you nasty little tool. We won t be missing you.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1744," Pence On Aircraft Carrier Lie: No, It Wasn’t Strategy, We’re Just Morons","The White House led people to believe that a U.S. aircraft carrier was on his way to the waters off the Korean peninsula in a show of military strength. White House press secretary said,  I think when you see a carrier group steaming into an area like that, the forward presence of that is clearly, through almost every instance, a huge deterrence,  he said, adding that it  gives the President options in the region.  However, none of that is true because the U.S. aircraft carrier was traveling in the opposite direction.According to vice-president Mike Pence, the claims of the location of the U.S. aircraft carrier supposedly on its way off the Korean peninsula were not made intentionally. Or in reality, he s saying the White House doesn t know how to communicate because it s so inept, or perhaps, Trump used this to bolster his alleged presidency so that his first 100 days in office won t appear to be a complete disaster.Politico reports:Earlier this month, White House and Pentagon officials announced that the USS Carl Vinson and its accompanying battle group had been deployed off the coast of the Korean peninsula, a response to a missile test launched by North Korea. But on Monday, Defense News reported that the Carl Vinson was nowhere near the Korean peninsula and had instead been photographed near Indonesia.After reports from major outlets saying that the Carl Vinson had not immediately turned north towards the Korean peninsula, government officials were left having to explain why the aircraft carrier had not been deployed as initially described.Pence was asked during an interview with CNN if the remarks from White House and Pentagon officials had been intentional and the vice-president said,  oh, I think not  then went on to say there was already a strong U.S. military presence in the Asia-Pacific region, including in Japan and South Korea. Pence did not explain why government officials declared that the that the strike group was  steaming up toward the sea of Japan. Here is Sean Spicer saying exactly that on Monday:CNN interviewed Pence aboard the USS Ronald Reagan at the U.S. Yokosuka naval base in Tokyo Bay and addressed the crew saying that the U.S. would  work diligently  with allies to maintain and increase pressure on North Korea. The United States of America will always seek peace but under President Trump, the shield stands guard and the sword stands ready,  Pence said.  Those who would challenge our resolve or readiness should know, we will defeat any attack and meet any use of conventional or nuclear weapons with an overwhelming and effective American response. The word  effective  doesn t mean what Pence thinks it means.Just one week after the announcement that the carrier was off the Korean peninsula, an official Navy photo showed that the strike group was actually farther away from the claimed location than it had been at the time of the announcement.Photo by Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images.",0
1745, BREAKING: Explosive Russian Dossier Deemed Reliable Enough For FBI To Obtain FISA Warrant,"Remember that explosive Russian dossier from a few months that revealed Donald Trump s collusion with Moscow and affinity for pee pee parties? At the time, the document (supposedly written by a British spy) was considered too questionable to be believed. But now, it appears that at the dossier may be more legitimate than originally thought.CNN reported on Tuesday that the FBI deemed the Russian dossier reliable enough to obtain a FISA warrant against Trump aide, Carter Page. Sources added that FBI Director James Comey had also used the document  to bolster [the FBI s] investigation  during his testimony to Congress.According to CNN,  the dossier alleges that Page met senior Russian officials as an emissary of the Trump campaign, and discussed quid-pro-quo deals relating to sanctions, business opportunities and Russia s interference in the election. CNN REPORTING JUST NOW: FBI used dossier of alleged Russian ties to Trump s campaign as part of the justification to get FISA approval. /1  Marshall Cohen (@Marshall_Cohen) April 18, 2017The FISA was to monitor the communications of Carter Page, who was a foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign at the time. /2  Marshall Cohen (@Marshall_Cohen) April 18, 2017Page s trip to Russia in July 2016 drew the FBI s attention and raised concerns of his contacts with suspected Russian operatives. /3  Marshall Cohen (@Marshall_Cohen) April 18, 2017Page tells CNN he will sue Obama admin. officials for  civil rights violations.  (Remember: He asked Comey to investigate this.) /4  Marshall Cohen (@Marshall_Cohen) April 18, 2017So the FBI used the dossier as part of its justification to get Page FISA. Even though FBI has distanced itself from the dossier lately. /5  Marshall Cohen (@Marshall_Cohen) April 18, 2017As CNN points out, the fact that the FBI used the dossier to obtain a FISA warrant means that they believe at least parts of it are true.  Officials familiar with the process say even if the application to monitor Page included information from the dossier, it would only be after the FBI had corroborated the information through its own investigation,  noted the network.Featured image via Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1746," Fox Host LOSES IT, Expertly Rips Trump’s ‘Buy American’ Policy APART (VIDEO)","While most of America can see right through to the flaws of Donald Trump s policies, it s always a special moment when someone from Fox News recognizes it.Earlier today, Fox host Shep Smith tore Trump s latest executive order apart, noting that it could actually ruin America s economy instead of help it. Smith, who has been a vocal critic on Trump before, expertly pointed out that Trump s announcement of a  Buy American and Hire American  order will actually cause the cost of goods in America to skyrocket.Trump s new plan will review the H-1B visa program for foreign workers; a program that many massive companies use. Pointing out that the program serves a purpose, Smith explained: Tech giants including Amazon, Apple, Google, and others all hire thousands and thousand of using it. Even automakers, including Ford and GM, use this program to find engineers. Executives for those companies argue they can t always find enough American workers with the skills needed for the specific jobs. They also claim the program encourages students to stay in the United States after school. Then, Smith went after Trump by pointing out that even the POTUS himself doesn t buy or hire American when it comes to his own businesses: But the White House says the companies take advantage of those visas, that they bring in large numbers of foreign workers pay them less, and drive down wages. President Trump himself has gone back and forth over this program. And as for the president s push to  buy American,  opponents point out the obvious, that some of the president s own products were made from workers from about a dozen other companies. And besides  the price of everything at your Walmart and your local store and everywhere else goes way up for you. Smith is exactly right and brilliant for exposing Trump s own hypocrisy, and for explaining to conservatives that the man they elected is not going to help America like they thought he would.You can watch Smith take down Trump below:Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
1747, BOMBSHELL: Trump Lied – His ‘Armada’ Was NOT Headed Toward North Korea At All,"Last week, Trump was bellowing up one side and down the other about a possible nuclear test that North Korea was set to conduct over the weekend. He claimed we might launch a pre-emptive strike against them, and that we had two ships in the region already From an NBC News story dated April 13: The intelligence officials told NBC News that the U.S. has positioned two destroyers capable of shooting Tomahawk cruise missiles in the region, one just 300 miles from the North Korean nuclear test site and earlier this week, the Pentagon announced that the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier strike group was being diverted to the area.  [emphasis mine]Turns out, that wasn t true.The  armada  Trump was speaking of was, at the time, headed the opposite way toward Australia, and had not been turned around. It wasn t until the Navy posted a photo of the Carl Vinson and its strike group in the sea between the Indonesian islands of Java and Sumatra that the story came out. The photo was taken on Saturday, Apr. 15, a few days after we heard that the Carl Vinson had been diverted and was heading toward the Sea of Japan.Now it s headed that way and should arrive sometime next week. Two weeks after we told the world it was already heading there.So what happened?The White House says they were going off of what the Defense Department said. The Defense Department said there was a  glitch-ridden sequence of events,  including a premature announcement courtesy of the Pacific Command, and a false explanation from Defense Secretary James Mattis.All of that, they say, contributed to the false narrative that we had an armada speeding towards North Korea in a grandiose show of force.Really? That makes all the sense in the world.Truthfully, officials don t understand why the Defense Department didn t issue a correction on its timeline of events regarding the movements of those ships. With Spicer and others actually answering questions about it, and the extreme tension of the situation, one would think they d be as careful as possible about this.Instead, it sounds like the White House is putting all the blame for this clusterfuck onto the Pentagon, which is par for the course when they re either caught in a lie or something goes massively wrong.Of course, some Trumpkins will believe that Trump was deliberately misleading all of Asia (sending them into a panic), as well as Russia and us, to trick North Korea into trying something or to surprise them later on. No doubt someone will say that s brilliant.And anyone who does say that s brilliant (up to and including Trump himself, which isn t far-fetched at all) has no idea what the consequences of that kind of a bluff could be. Regardless, we caused a panic both here and among our allies that didn t need to happen, and risked a war over something very false.The Trump administration had better get its act together where hostile foreign powers are concerned.Featured image by Ron Sachs   Pool via Getty Images",0
1748, Man Dies In Peace After Learning Trump Had Been ‘Impeached’,"A dying man had just one wish, and that was for Donald Trump to be impeached. Unfortunately, Michael Garland Elliott died before impeachment even began (if it will ever begin), but he died in peace on April 6th, after his family lied to him.Elliott was divorced, but his ex-wife was still his best friend.Teresa Elliot, the man s  ex-wife and best friend,  wanted to give him comfort in his final moments.  Upon hearing that, he took his final, gentle breath [and] his early work concluded,  the obituary in the Oregonian reads.Source: SalonHere is the full obituary: Michael Garland Elliott passed away peacefully, April 6, 2017, surrounded by people who loved him dearly and cared for him selflessly during the last months of his life. He was born in Charlottesville, Va., in either 1940 or 1941 (he honestly didn t know!), and attended Lane High School, where he shined on the basketball court. After college at University of Virginia, he moved to Long Beach, Calif., where, among other things, he joined a semi-pro basketball team that toured the country playing exhibition games, dressed as women. At such times Mike was called Skaggy Maggie and continued round-ball domination, albeit with a different uniform.Mike was a Porsche enthusiast, owning a dozen of them over the years, but nothing touched his heart like  the ancient game,  golf. He was a founding member of The Reserve and spent countless weekends doing what he loved most with like-minded friends. He was very passionate about the game. One time (that we know of) he was angered by an errant shot and threw his club into a tree. Eventually every club in his bag was in that tree. Mike s health had declined over the past decade, and when he was no longer able to golf he accepted it with grace and humor, and threw things at the TV instead. Mike was also the sharpest dresser in town, single-handedly keeping Nike s apparel wing in the black.Though Mike had no family remaining, he stayed close to the people he d worked with in the plastics industry, especially Danny Velansky and Sean O Brian, who was by his side at the end. Also present were Larry Smith, Judy Wiley, lovely neighbors Russ, Sandy and Garrett, and his devoted caregivers Alisha Alex, Sara Young and Leslie Kampmann, angels in human form. No patient ever, ever had more loving care.Mike ran out of family long ago and is survived by his ex-wife and best friend, Teresa Elliott. Though their marriage ran aground, their friendship only grew stronger and hers was the last voice Mike heard. And the last thing she said to him was  Donald Trump has been impeached.  Upon hearing that he took his final, gentle breath, his earthly work concluded. Mike will be forever missed but never forgotten. There s a metaphor here (we re talking to you, Calexit people). Elliott appears to know that strength is in numbers. The #resistance can win, but only if we remain strong.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images. ",0
1749, Maxine Waters TORCHES Trump’s Lies And Lack Of Transparency In GLORIOUS Tweet Storm,"Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) is the physical embodiment of the anti-Trump resistance in Congress. She has openly called for the orange one to be impeached on multiple occasions, and rails against him on national television at every opportunity. Her latest attack on The Donald comes via his own favorite platform   Twitter.Of course, Rep. Waters participated in the Tax Day marches that were designed to pressure Trump to release his tax returns as every president and presidential candidate has done for decades. Of course, Trump broke all the rules of politics and still managed to get elected. So, the breaking of this particular tradition should come as no surprise.Well, Rep. Waters has had enough of Trump s lies and lack of transparency, so she took to Twitter to rail Trump once again:Trump will not release his taxes b/c he has something to hide. He's only out to enrich himself, his wealthy cabinet, & White House swamp  Maxine Waters (@MaxineWaters) April 18, 2017It can't be lost in the chaos that Trump's campaign is still under FBI investigation for colluding w/ Russians to undermine our democracy  Maxine Waters (@MaxineWaters) April 18, 2017Nothing in the past two weeks has changed anything about what we've learned about Manafort, C. Page, & the rest of Trump's #KremlinKlan  Maxine Waters (@MaxineWaters) April 18, 2017The President is a liar, his actions are contemptible, & I'm going to fight everyday until he's impeached.  Maxine Waters (@MaxineWaters) April 18, 2017Rep. Waters is correct. Trump is a liar. He isn t releasing his taxes because he s hiding god only knows what. Further, we can t let him distract us with missiles and bombs. We must know what he is hiding and who he is working for, and we must know if he colluded with Russia to win this election.Keep on fighting, Auntie Maxine. We need good, strong Democrats like you to derail Trump s hateful agenda.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1750, WATCH: Donald Trump Doesn’t Seem To Know Who The Leader Of North Korea Is,"During an interview on Fox  News,  alleged president Donald Trump referred to North Korea s current leader Kim Jong-un as  that gentleman  while never saying his name. This didn t happen just once, but twice. I don t want to telegraph what I m doing or what I m thinking,  Trump told Fox News  Ainsley Earhardt.  I m not like other administrations where they say,  We re going to do this in four weeks.  It doesn t work that way. We ll see what happens. I hope things work out well. I hope there s going to be peace. Things even got weirder when Trump said,  You know, they ve been talking with this gentleman for a long time. You read Clinton s book, he said,  Oh, we made such a great peace deal,  and it was a joke. You look at different things over the years with President Obama. Everybody has been outplayed, they ve all been outplayed by this gentleman. And we ll see what happens. But I just don t telegraph my moves. However, Kim Jong-un assumed control of the country following his father s death in 2011 so we re not sure how Bill Clinton was outplayed by the 33-year-old dictator.  This gentleman  Trump was referring to was Kim Jong-il. They are two different people. And for the record, we ve had peace since the Korean war, so those deals were successful in maintaining peace   unlike the posturing Trump is doing, which is escalating tension to a level that has never been seen before.As reporter Ana Marie Cox from MTV News pointed out in a tweet, Trump doesn t know who is in power in North Korea.Guys. Guys. I don t think Trump knows who s the leader of North Korea. https://t.co/Gm1o6xV4AD pic.twitter.com/JYtGKIDJde  Ana Marie Cox (@anamariecox) April 18, 2017It was just last week that Trump revealed that it took Chinese president Xi Jinping just 10 minutes to convince him that solving problems with North Korea is  not so easy. Guys, this is totally not scary at all. Trump is making war noises at a dictator who has been dead for years and the former reality show star thinks the former North Korean leader is alive and well. Or maybe he thinks the younger dictator has been in power since the 1990s. Who knows. The dumbing of America is in effect, apparently.Photo by Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
1751, CORRUPTION: Ivanka Trump Gets Trademarks From China After Meeting With Chinese President At Mar-a-Lago,"This is a major ethics violation. Period.In March, Donald Trump made his daughter Ivanka an official part of his administration by giving her an office in the White House. My biggest concern is that this is yet another erosion of government ethics standards in this White House,  said government ethics expert and law professor Kathleen Clark at the time.And now those concerns are being raised again.Supposedly, Ivanka won t be paid a salary. But it appears that Ivanka is being compensated in other ways.Not long after getting her own White House position, Ivanka joined her father at Mar-a-Lago to dine with Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife.Ivanka even posted a picture of herself with Jinping at Mar-a-Lago on Twitter thanking him for visiting the United States.Thank you President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan for your visit to the United States ?? pic.twitter.com/VLvzyDMiiY  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) April 9, 2017But what Ivanka was apparently really thanking Jinping for was the trademarks China awarded to her company on the same day they had dinner together.According to The Boston Globe,On April 6, Ivanka Trump s company won provisional approval from the Chinese government for three new trademarks, giving it monopoly rights to sell Ivanka brand jewelry, bags and spa services in the world s second-largest economy. That night, the first daughter and her husband, Jared Kushner, sat next to the president of China and his wife for a steak and Dover sole dinner at Mar-a-Lago.Clearly, Ivanka Trump and her dad are still using the White House to get lucrative business deals and now that Ivanka works directly in the White House, she ll have even more access to foreign leaders to benefit her business and fill her family s pockets.Ivanka previously joined her father in a meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the same time that a licensing agreement between her company and Sanei International was at stake.So Ivanka Trump can t pretend that she s involved in her dad s administration because she gives a damn about helping people and serving her country. She only cares about herself and has demonstrated repeatedly that she doesn t care about ethics as long as she s making money. This entire administration is corrupt to the core and it s time for Trump and his family to be kicked out of the White House before they sell America to the highest bidder to enrich themselves.Featured Image: Twitter",0
1752, Trump Just Shamed Our Country Yet AGAIN With His Latest Diplomacy Disaster (DETAILS),"Donald Trump has made a fine art of p*ssing off other world leaders. Thanks to our fearless orange tweeter-in-chief, Colombia s government is now furious with us too.According to Colombia Reports, Donald Trump met with Former President Andres Pastrana (1998-2002) and former President Alvaro Uribe (2002-2010), an opposition leader, at Mar-a-Lago. Current Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, who has not yet gotten to meet with Trump himself, is not impressed.Santos has spoken to Trump to express his concern that Uribe s lobbying in the U.S. is a major inconvenience for the government of Colombia. But the only response he has gotten from the White House is that Trump will take care of it personally. Vice-President Oscar Naranjo said Uribe and Pastrana have overstepped by pushing their own political interests rather than those defined by the official government. Presidents and their foreign ministers are those who really establish and maintain these relations  with foreign governments, Naranjo explained.Uribe and Pastrana have both made it abundantly clear that they are opposed to the peace process and they are kissing up to Trump because the U.S. is the only country that has not yet promised to offer financial aid.Colombia Reports writes:Only last week, senators of Uribe s hard-right Democratic Center party wrote a letter in which they asked the US to not financially support the peace process.On Sunday Uribe published a letter to US Congress on Twitter, warning that the efforts to end 52 years of political violence could lead to Colombia becoming an authoritarian communist state similar to Venezuela.Additionally, the former head of state claimed that the transitional justice court that could try him for a number of war crimes is being set up by communist sympathizers.Juan Carlos Pinzon, Colombia s ambassador in Washington, said that Uribe and Pastrana made their meeting with Trump sound much more important than it actually was. There was an encounter, not a meeting or a formal date,  Pinzon said.So, it seems we can now add Colombia to the list of countries that Trump has offended by being a moron without the slightest understanding of foreign policy. Lovely.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
1753, Trump Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch Gets HUMILIATED On First Day By Another Judge,"Welcome to the big leagues, kid.Donald Trump s Supreme Court Justice only made it through Senate confirmation because Republicans changed the rules so they could complete their robbery of the seat from President Obama pick Merrick Garland.Neil Gorsuch now sits on the high court and his first day was Monday. And of course, just like Trump, he embarrassed himself from the get-go.Gorsuch s first case involved a Census Bureau worker who had been dismissed and filed a lawsuit over it.The former government employee s lawyers want the entire case to be allowed to move forward instead of only part of it being heard by the federal appeals courts. Rather than keep his mouth shut and learn, Gorsuch apparently decided to try to prove that he belonged there.And he didn t waste time. Gorsuch was argumentative and spent lots of time on wording. In other words, it looks like Gorsuch is going to be an asshole judge who is going to base every decision he makes on exact wording and his interpretation of those words. He s going to nitpick and decide cases on technicalities.But then Gorsuch decided to go even further by changing the decorum of the court. Channeling Trump, Gorsuch literally accused attorney Chris Landau of lying in open court.According to Bloomberg,Landau asked the court to let the man s entire suit go forward in a federal district court, rather than waiting for part of the case to be addressed first by a federal appeals court. When Landau said he wasn t asking the court to  break any new ground,  Gorsuch gave a pointed response. No, just to continue to make it up,  Gorsuch said.But Landau is correct. As Bloomberg points out, there is plenty of precedent of the Supreme Court allowing such lawsuits to move forward in their entirety. So Landau really isn t asking the high court to do anything different than it has before. He s asking them to uphold precedent, something Gorsuch clearly has no interest in doing regardless of what the law says.But Justice Elena Kagan was quick to put Gorsuch in his place and humiliated him in the process. This would be kind of a revolution,  she began.  I mean, to the extent you can have a revolution in this kind of case. The room laughed as everyone recognized a good Supreme Court burn.So just like Donald Trump, Gorsuch is an embarrassment.Frankly, not only should Trump be impeached, Gorsuch should be impeached as well. He doesn t belong in the position he currently holds. It s clear he has no respect for Supreme Court decorum and that he will make partisan decisions regardless of precedent and the law. And Republicans are the ones to blame for this. They chose Trump to be their leader and they forced Gorsuch upon the Supreme Court. It s up to Democrats to fix both of these embarrassments as soon as they take back control of Congress.Featured Image: Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1754, BRUTAL New Poll Shows Stunning Drop In Trump’s Numbers In Six Key Areas; Trump HUMILIATED,"Trump is not keeping his promises. As far as his supporters were concerned, he started off okay, but over the last few weeks he s done a stunning array of flip-flops, and people apparently are not happy about it. In February, Gallup conducted a poll of people who believed Trump would keep his promises, and at that time, a majority of American (62 percent) believed he would. Now that has flip-flopped, and today, only 45 percent believe he ll keep his promises.So what all has he flipped on?And there s probably a lot more. In short, he s proven that he s not the open, honest, and trustworthy man he claimed to be on the campaign trail, and people are finally starting to wake up to that. Too little, too late, though, since he s already in office.But wait! There s more. Only 52 percent of Americans believe Trump is a strong and decisive leader, down from 59 percent in February. 46 percent believe he can bring about the changes we need here, down from 53 percent. 36 percent see him as honest and trustworthy, down from 42 percent. 42 percent believe he cares about their needs, down from 46 percent, and 41 percent believe he can effectively manage the government, down from 44 percent.In other words, fewer people trust Trump to pretty much do anything now than they did a mere two months ago. As Trump approaches his first 100-day mark, that s a humiliating picture.Featured image by Ron Sachs-Pool via Getty Images",0
1755, Neo-Nazi Sues Trump For Making Him Punch A Black Lady At A Rally (VIDEO),"Apparently, if you are unqualified enough for a job, you will develop mind control powers   at least, that s what neo-Nazi Matthew Heimbach thinks.  During his campaign, Donald Trump regularly encouraged his supporters to beat up African-Americans in the crowd, even offering to pay their legal fees if they did as he told them to (a promise that, like most of his promises, has yet to manifest).In March Heimbach, leader of the white nationalist Traditionalist Youth Network and a loyal Donald Trump soldier took it to heart when The Donald screamed  Get  em out of here  as African-American protesters attempted to inform him and his supporters that their lives have just as much value as white lives (and infinitely more value than those of the crackers who would vote for the ideological reincarnation of Adolf Hitler, though protesters generally leave that detail out). Heimbach, wearing his MAGAMAGAMAGA hat, can be seen in a video captured at the time shoving and punching an African-American woman as Trump sicced his posse on her.Kashiya Nwanguma, the woman from the video and other protesters who were attacked recently filed suit against Heimbach, two other Trump supporters, and the Trump campaign   and Heimbach, who is representing himself, responded with a countersuit not against the women but against the man for whom he voted.Heimbach claims he acted  pursuant to the directives and requests of Donald J. Trump and Donald J. Trump for President  and that if he s found liable for damages,   any liability must be shifted to one or both of them. In other words, he knows he s fucked and hoping the  I was just following orders  defense works out for him even if he does have to throw Trump under the bus. Heimbach says he denies physically assaulting  protesters, adding that they  provoked a response  by attempting to  disrupt a free assembly and campaign event and to infringe rights of the defendants and other attendees to freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, freedom to vote and other constitutional rights. One again, he can be seen on video attacking Nwanguma. Since he will almost assuredly be using Google a lot in preparing his defense, he should probably look up  perjury  while he is at it. Mr. Nazi adds that he acted, if at all, in self defense  as well as  in reasonable defense of others    even when he was shoving his victim from behind.Heimbach says that The Donald is a  world famous businessman  who relies on various professionals including attorneys and other professional advisors,  so he relied on Trump s reputation and expertise in doing the things alleged.  This accidental admission of fault will, of course, come back to bite him in his posterior.This filing comes alongside one filed by one of the other attackers, Alvin Bamberger, who also attacked Nwanguma. Bamberger says that he   had no prior intention to act as he did  and  would not have acted as he did without Trump and/or the Trump Campaign s specific urging and inspiration.  He  admits only that he touched a woman  and, like Mr. Nazi, denies that he assaulted that woman    video be damned!Speaking of video, you can watch it below:Featured image via screengrab",0
1756, Two GOPers Left Looking Like Gooey Piles Of Stupid In Front Of Constituents At Town Hall (VIDEO),"Republicans who backed Donald Trump because he was the GOP nominee while knowing full well that he was incompetent now have to face the wrath of their constituents. The former reality show star is not draining the swamp; he s filling it to the brim with terrifying creatures. He s not the transparent president he promised he would be. He s up to his eyeballs in scandals, one of which involves a foreign hostile government interfering with our presidential election process. The alleged president is also refusing to release his tax returns. Mexico is not paying for the wall. We, the taxpayers, will foot the bill for his ego-wall.U.S. Rep. French Hill and Sen. Tom Cotton held a town hall and had to face an unwelcoming crowd. The two Republicans were left stammering while trying to find answers for Trump s actions.Hill and Cotton look like they have on matching outfits. Oddly, the two appear to need each other s support on the stage while their constituents held them accountable for not having the balls to speak out against Trump.Watch:""I think it's time to repeal and replace you in 2020"": Arkansas @SenTomCotton and @RepFrenchHill face angry constituents at a town hall pic.twitter.com/8CH884uqms  POLITICO (@politico) April 17, 2017Cotton had to listen to  Lock him up!  chants from attendees. One constituent called the pair  kindergarteners.  Cotton faced anger over Trump not releasing his tax returns.  As far as I m aware, the president says he is still under audit,  he said, but the crowd wasn t buying it. Boos rang out from the crowd while Cotton just stood there. Arkansas constituents told Hill to do his job as he stood there with a look of frustration on his face. He mentioned  a steady source of leadership  then a constituent yelled out,  Trump can t do that! Both of these Republicans are complicit in the amateur president s crimes. Fairly soon we ll be hearing Trump say,  I am not a crook! Trump has only been on the job for less than 100 days and his scandals make Watergate seem tame.Image via screen capture",0
1757, Trump Just Called A Fledgling Dictator To Congratulate Him On Expanding His Powers,"It takes one to know one. Turkey just held a referendum that greatly expands the power of their president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan. It passed by a very narrow margin, taking Turkey on its latest step toward brutal dictatorship, and here s Donald Trump, who sources say called Erdogan to congratulate him on  winning  the referendum vote.While we re busy justifying blowing up absolutely nothing in Syria because a brutal dictator used sarin gas on his people, Trump is busy calling someone who s working hard on becoming the region s next brutal dictator to congratulate him on furthering that goal.This referendum, according to The Daily Beast, moves Turkey away from a parliamentary democracy and towards one-person rule. But what he has already done there makes the referendum more of a formality. Erdogan had already managed to form a one-party government   a move that greatly diminishes the voices of opposition.Last year, Erdogan asked Turkey s parliament to redefine the country s anti-extremism law to include politicians, journalists and members of academia. He claimed that  pro-Kurdish  politicians were inciting terrorism, and journalists and academics were spreading the info that allowed the politicians to do so. Therefore, they are all terrorists.Branding press as  the enemy  is something Trump has been trying to do here. As the Washington Post s front page motto says,  Democracy dies in darkness.  This is the darkness.And now, Erdogan is, more or less, the sole ruler of Turkey.But what does Trump care? It wouldn t be surprising to find that he wishes something like that would happen here, too, if for no other reason than it would help cement his overinflated opinion of himself as a great man who is beloved by all, with nobody left to shine a light on the truth, like, oh, say, a free press.The way the Turkey referendum was held has appalled international election monitors. According to them,  voters were not provided with adequate information, opposition voices were muzzled and the rules were changed at the last minute.  In short, this was not a truly democratic process.Good job continuing to support authoritarian rulers over true democracies, Trump. You re about as un-American as it gets.Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
1758," This Congressman Has Literally Created BRUTAL ‘Illegitimacy Clock’ For Trump, And It’s Magnificent","If you thought no one in Washington D.C. was feeling the same way about Donald Trump as you are, think again. Several people within the halls of Congress think he s as illegitimate as you do.In fact, one Congressman, Rep. Ted Lieu (D-CA) has gone so far as to create a  Cloud of Illegitimacy Clock  in honor of Trump.If you visit Lieu s Media Center portion of his official Congressional website, this is what you ll see:lieu.house.govHere s Lieu s statement regarding Trump s violation of Article 1, Section 9 of the United States Constitution: The second after Donald Trump took the oath of office, he violated the Constitution and continues to do so. The Framers wrote Article 1, Section 9 of the Constitution to prevent foreign influence over our elected officials. It mandates that no person holding office  shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever from any King, Prince, or foreign State.  While holding office, Mr. Trump will receive by virtue of his continued interest in the vast and global Trump Organization and his stake in hundreds of other entities a steady stream of monetary and other benefits from foreign powers and their agents. This is illegal.Trump can stop his illegal behavior by divesting his global business interests or putting them into blind trusts. He refuses to do so. Not only is he violating the law, he is explicitly putting his financial interests and those of his family above the interests of America. Trump is not making America First, he is making America Second.As a Member of the House Judiciary Committee, I will do everything I can to hold Trump accountable. My first action is the creation of a Cloud of Illegitimacy Clock that keeps track of the seconds, minutes, hours, and days that Trump is operating outside of the law. At some point, the Clock is going to catch up to Trump. For now, Trump appears to be taking the position of former President Richard Nixon that  when the president does it, that means it is not illegal.  How did that work out? What Trump is doing is illegal and action must be taken to stop it. Either he needs to cut all financial ties completely or he should be forced to resign or impeached and brought to justice as the crook that he so apparently seems to be.Good on Rep. Lieu for taking the first steps in holding Trump accountable. You can t do anything without calling him out on his illegal activity first. Well done.Featured Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1759," Mike Pence Just Dropped A TERRIFYING Bombshell On North Korea, Threatens War (VIDEO)","On Monday, Vice President Mike Pence traveled to the demilitarized zone (DMZ) between North and South Korea to do Trump s dirty work and deliver a message that should make every American extremely uncomfortable.In an interview with CNN s Dana Bash, Pence confirmed that the Trump administration was throwing diplomacy out the window and abandoning  the failed policy of strategic patience.  Pence said: We re going to abandon the failed policy of strategic patience. But we re going to redouble our efforts to bring diplomatic and economic pressure to bear on North Korea. Our hope is that we can resolve this issue peaceably. [Strategic patience] was the policy of the United States of America during prior administrations to practice what they called strategic patience, that was to hope to martial international support to bring an end to the nuclear ambitions and the ballistic missile program of North Korea. that clearly ahs failed and the advent of nuclear weapons testing and development of a nuclear program all confirms the fact that strategic patience has failed. When Bash asked Pence to clarify what he meant, Pence said: We re going to abandon the failed policy of strategic patience but we re going to redouble our efforts to bring diplomatic and economic pressure to bear on North Korea. Our hope is that we can resolve this situation peaceably. And I know the President was heartened by his discussions with President Xi (Jinping). We ve seen China begin to take some actions to bring pressure on North Korea but there needs to be more. Resolving this issue requires all relevant parties, especially parties that bear major responsibility and play a key role in this issue, to work in the same direction and make a joint effort. You can watch Pence deliver this message below:.@VP Pence warns North Korea not to test President Trump s resolve in exclusive CNN interview at the DMZ https://t.co/qb7kjI3sPK  New Day (@NewDay) April 17, 2017While Pence might have tried to soften his message while he was speaking to Bash, he said this to acting South Korean President Hwang Kyo-ahn on Monday, making more of a direct threat: Just in the past two weeks, the world witnessed the strength and resolve of our new president in actions taken in Syria and Afghanistan.North Korea would do well not to test his resolve or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region. Clearly, Trump wants to take more of a strong-arm approach and is using Pence to deliver this terrifying message. As North Korea has already launched a (failed) missile and Trump has proven himself to be trigger-happy when it comes to dropping bombs and his own missile attacks, this abandonment of diplomacy could very well mean war in the near future.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
1760, Trump Influence CRUMBLING As His Own Supporters Share SHOCKING Resentment For Him (DETAILS),"The majority of America saw this coming: Trump s supporters are finally becoming extremely disappointed in the failing performance of their president of choice.Thanks to a New York Times profile of Trump supporters in Pennsylvania, we now know that Trump voters recognize that they re not seeing any of the  winning  that Trump has promised them over and over. Things have gotten so bad, that the only people in Trump s corner are actually losing hope.Theresa Remington, a home-care worker with two children on active duty in the Marines, had hopes Trump would be good for the Veterans Administration and health care system   and has been severely disappointed. Remington said Trump was Just like any other damn president,  and now she s curious about what things would have been like if Sen. Bernie Sanders had won the election.Brian Mock, a tattoo artist, admitted with reluctance that Trump is not the right president for this country. Mock said: No one wants to be wrong. It s seeing a house on fire and saying,  That house isn t on fire.  It is very clearly on fire. According to The Times, Trump supporters feel they have been blindsided and are wondering where Trump s grandiose promises have gone. Some have been completely turned off by Trump s erratic tweeting. Some are so upset with Trump that they feel more confident that Vice President Mike Pence would be a more capable POTUS.Bill Yokobosky IV, a train engineer, admitted: It s not what he s done, it s what he s trying to do. He hasn t succeeded, really. He s fighting himself and he s fighting Washington. They re just trying to get settled in there. The Times  report of the defeat Trump supporters are feeling is right in line with Trump s approval rating, which is now lower than ever before according to a recent Gallup poll. After dropping the  Mother of All Bombs , Trump s broken his own record to reach a new historic low.Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
1761, Trump Finally Found A Book He Can ‘Read’ And The Internet Can’t Stop Laughing At Him,"As we all know, Donald Trump does not like to read books. Hell, he really doesn t read anything at all unless it s something that strokes his ego. But he finally found the perfect book and he humiliated himself by telling the world about it.In a morning Twitter rant on Monday, Trump promoted a book that is literally filled with mostly blank pages. And conservatives are actually spending their money on it.A great book for your reading enjoyment:  REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS  by Michael J. Knowles.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 17, 2017If you preview the  book  on Amazon, all you ll find for content is blank pages. The word count clocks in at 1,235 words over an entire 266 pages. Basically, it s a waste of paper, ink, and brain cells that only someone like Donald Trump and his conservative fans appreciate. You know, because reading something of substance is hard.Here s just a couple screenshot of the pages within the  book. It goes on and on like that throughout and it s easy to see why Trump likes to  read  it. Because there s nothing to really read at all.Keep in mind, Trump s tweet of admiration for this piece of right-wing trash comes only a few days after his daughter Ivanka tweeted about the importance of reading.This #NationalLibraryWeek, we honor our libraries and librarians for opening our eyes to the world of knowledge, learning and reading!  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) April 14, 2017Clearly, her dad doesn t pay attention to her posts.Twitter users were unimpressed by Trump s book choice and proceeded to humiliate him for it.@realDonaldTrump You have publicly admitted you don t read books  Zach Schonfeld (@zzzzaaaacccchhh) April 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump @POTUS #booksTrumphasneverread pic.twitter.com/JzoK35nJxH  Joe Papp (@joepabike) April 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Trump:  Actually, I m looking at a book. I m trying to get started That is a quote from someone who has clearly never read a book  Edward Hardy (@EdwardTHardy) April 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Here s a book you should read, assuming you can spare some time between golfing and war-mongering pic.twitter.com/1b3XcHGXdD  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) April 17, 2017@Harry1T6 @michaeljknowles @realDonaldTrump The leader of the free world just promoted a troll book. #TheEndIsNigh  Warpath von Drumpf (@Warpath72) April 17, 2017@Warpath72 @Harry1T6 @michaeljknowles @realDonaldTrump It s because it s written at his preferred reading level: grade 1.  Adam Whisler (@WhislerA) April 17, 2017The perfect book for Trump, since it s nothing but blank pages. (aka  right wing humor. ) @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/Jiik7vC109  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) April 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Presumably on the Betsy DeVos reading list.  Julia Reiss (@thereisspiece) April 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Glad to see you could find a book on your reading level.  Julia Reiss (@thereisspiece) April 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump I call BS, you don t read books, which as far as your supporters are concerned is fine with them. Besides they prefer burning books ?  Kevin (@TheKevinDent) April 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Better than Two Corinthians?  Mark Gagliardi (@MarkGags) April 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump The Trump Book Club is 4 vintage issues of Hustler and the entire Animorphs series.  RJ City (@RJCity1) April 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Unless you personally read it, you shouldn t be recommending it. And we know you don t read.  Speters (@PalmBayGirl6) April 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Thanks for the recommendation on where I can find something  to wipe my ass with?  Tyler (@tymitch1982) April 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump We can change the title and keep the blank pages for your next book:  All I accomplished as a US president .  Tove Ir n Becker (@TovesTekster) April 17, 2017Featured Image: Twitter",0
1762, Melania Has To Remind Trump How To Do National Anthem In Most Pathetic Moment Of WH Easter (VIDEO),"Trump s hastily organized White House Easter Egg Roll went from bad to worse after he almost managed to botch the national anthem on camera.After avoiding the children s event on the White House lawn for several hours so he could finish watching Fox and Friends (yes, really), Trump revealed that he wasn t prepared to handle even the basic responsibilities he was given for the event. In contrast to former President Obama, Trump declined to read to the children, so Melania had to instead. For some time Trump lingered on a railed balcony, separated from the gathered families on the lawn.When it came time to do the National Anthem, Trump seemingly forgot that it is customary to place one s hand over one s heart. While a member of the military band sang, Melania and Barron noticed that the President of the United States was just standing casually with arms at his sides. Melania can be seen nudging Trump s arm, and he finally realizes his mistake.*national anthem begins*Melania & Barron place hands over heart*Melania nudges Trump to do the same**Trump raises hand* pic.twitter.com/X59uYNg7rW  Steve Kopack (@SteveKopack) April 17, 2017It s possible that Trump s heart wasn t in the event because he had already thrown a private egg roll the night before for dues-paying members of Mar-a-Lago. Unlike the egg roll on the White House lawn, the one at Mar-a-Lago consisted of only rich families.And this ~color~ from pool reporter @Jordanfabian: pic.twitter.com/ov0L3J8lxf  Chris Geidner (@chrisgeidner) April 16, 2017From pictures shared by excited attendees, Trump was much more willing to rub elbows with these families.VIPs come first pic.twitter.com/75hLNSIFk2  southpaw (@nycsouthpaw) April 16, 2017In other news, this delightful clip of President Obama s 2015 egg roll has been going viral again. It seems people are desperate to remember a time when America had a president capable of going a few hours without embarrassing the country.Happy Easter from 2015 pic.twitter.com/qmhfLIf5Rb  NowThis (@nowthisnews) April 16, 2017Featured image via Twitter",0
1763," Kid Asks Trump To Sign His Hat At Egg Roll, Trump Throws Hat Into Crowd (VIDEO)","Example #490927 that Trump is terrible with children: While making his way through the crowd at the White House Easter egg roll, Trump was asked by a young child if he would sign his hat. Somehow he screwed that up.After being stopped, Trump grabs a pen, quickly signs the hat and then  throws the hat deep into the crowd. Some in the crowd literally shout  nooo!  as he does it. Trump, oblivious to the fact that he just screwed this kid over, grabs another hat. Signs it. And does the exact same thing.What is going through his head?A kid asks Trump to sign his hat at the White House Easter Egg Roll. The president signs   and then tosses the hat into the crowd. pic.twitter.com/7ExdhpO97H  POLITICO (@politico) April 17, 2017At the end of the clip, Trump asks  whose hat?  as if the kid he screwed over wasn t standing right in front of him the whole time. It s unclear if the original kid ever got his signed hat.Even setting aside this awful moment, Trump s Easter egg roll was a shoddily run event.Other than that, everything was perfect.Featured image via Twitter",0
1764, China And Russia Chase US Destroyer Away After Trump’s Navy Creeps Up On North Korea,"Trump s loyalty to Vladimir Putin is being tested like never before. On one hand The Donald really wants a war with North Korea. On the other, both Russia and China have told him to back the f*ck off   and the Associated Press reports that these warnings are becoming more forceful after Trump s Navy sent a Destroyer into the Korean Peninsula:China and Russia have dispatched intelligence-gathering vessels from their navies to chase the USS Carl Vinson nuclear-powered aircraft carrier, which is heading toward waters near the Korean Peninsula, multiple sources of the Japanese government revealed to The Yomiuri Shimbun.It appears that both countries aim to probe the movements of the United States, which is showing a stance of not excluding military action against North Korea. The Self-Defense Forces are strengthening warning and surveillance activities in the waters and airspace around the area, according to the sources.China and Russia, which prioritize stability in the Korean Peninsula, showed concern over the tough U.S. stance, with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov saying the issue should be resolved peacefully through political and diplomatic efforts.The dispatch of the intelligence-gathering vessels appears to be partly aimed at sending a warning signal to the United States.Recently, Donald Trump stopped calling China a  currency manipulator  after his companies were granted 38 lucrative trademarks in the country (including for an escort service). As for Russia, we all know what Putin s people did for The Donald.At this point, it is surprising that the United States has any allies left given how Trump has treated them, and countries like Russia and China with whom we enjoy a shaky relationship at best (especially when the former recently committed numerous acts of war against the U.S. during the election), and Trump is testing our bonds with every single friend and frenemy we have.As Trump pushes us toward war with North Korea, he fails to consider that both Russia and China are likely to step in if he goes all Rambo on the tiny island dictatorship.Featured image via screengrab",0
1765, ‘Lunch Shaming’: Schools Punish Poor Kids Who Can’t Pay For Lunch With Appalling Humiliation (VIDEO),"As we all know, there are many children in America who cannot afford school lunch. Some of these kids are  lucky  (and I use the term loosely) to qualify for free or reduced price school lunches. Others are not. To qualify for these government-sanctioned programs, the children have to be from a family whose income is no more than 30% above the poverty line. That means that a family of four can make no more than $32,000 a year to qualify. Any adult living in America today understands that this is a very difficult   in fact, damn near impossible   amount of money to live on. So, this leads to many children around the country going through the lunch line at school with the inability to pay. However, the tactics used to solve this issue are downright appalling, and they are being deployed all over the nation.A practice referred to as  lunch shaming  is being used to humiliate poor children around the nation for their inability to pay for their lunches. Some kids are stamped in the lunch line with stamps that say things like,  I need lunch money.  Others are forced to clean tables in the cafeteria in front of other students. Still others even have their hot lunches thrown out for their inability to pay.All this serves to do is humiliate already struggling children for things that are far beyond their control. Further, in the cases where the lunches are thrown out, the kids are forced to go hungry. Even worse, some of these kids only get fed at school, so that means that they are literally starving when their one source of food is denied to them.This kind of thing has lifelong effects. Luckily, New Mexico has become the first state to try to put a stop to the practice of lunch shaming. They have introduced legislation that would outlaw the practice, and would make it illegal to engage in any conversations regarding a student s ability to pay for lunch at school with anyone but the student s parents or guardians.The entire nation needs to follow in New Mexico s footsteps. The fact that this sort of thing is happening in the United States of America at all is disgraceful. We should all be ashamed.Watch the video report on this practice below, via AJ+ on Twitter:Children are being shamed for not having lunch money across the U.S. pic.twitter.com/4uSyIJYIGI  AJ+ (@ajplus) April 17, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",0
1766, Trump Asks Advice From The Swamp He Promised To Drain – Americans Are OUTRAGED At What They Said,"Not too long after taking office, Trump decided to start asking around about how the government could roll back regulations and make it easier for companies to get their projects approved. But he didn t ask ordinary Americans, or small business owners. He didn t ask people in small towns and big cities. He asked big corporations what their opinions were. He sought advice from the same people he blasted as  The Swamp  during his campaign, and promised repeatedly to drain it.Now, given who he s appointed to his cabinet, it was pretty clear that he had zero intention of draining the swamp. Trump specifically targeted manufacturers and fossil fuel producers for this, probably because he thinks allowing them to run roughshod will at least help him pretend he s truly bringing manufacturing jobs back. But this is even more egregious because major industry insiders don t care about people. They don t care who they hurt in pursuit of the almighty dollar. Of course they want industry regulations cut   these are the industries people fought (and died) against to stop things like child labor and worker exploitation.The White House got 168 comments total. Manufacturers went after the EPA the hardest, with 79 of those comments targeting that agency. The EPA received 79 comments total, because of course it did. And companies targeted the Clean Air and Clean Water Acts with 48 and 29 comments respectively, because having to clean up after yourself so everyone around you can breathe clean air and drink clean water is just too difficult.Trump s decision to halt key provisions of the Clean Water Act has already angered people, particularly those living in communities that are especially vulnerable to poisoned water. The director of the Sierra Club s  Beyond Coal  campaign has said: Trump s attempt to halt these clean water protections for mercury, lead, and arsenic from coal power plants is dangerous and irresponsible. After years of peer-reviewed studies, extensive input from medical experts and scientists, and thorough review of public comments, the EPA made the right call in finalizing strong clean water protections against coal plants dumping toxic heavy metals into our waterways As a mother, I m frankly horrified that the EPA would put the safety of drinking water at risk for millions of Americans, but that s exactly what they ve done. Coming from West Virginia, where we ve had enormous challenges with maintaining clean water supplies due to the coal industry s political influence, I m outraged that these common sense protections are under attack from the EPA itself. But, well, profit is king here, even though the coal industry is never going to recover no matter what Trump tries to do. A full breakdown of the agencies and regulations that these companies would like to see rolled back, if not outright eliminated, is below:BP says it wants to make it easier to drill for gas and oil in the very same Gulf that was devastated in the Deepwater Horizon disaster, because why force them be careful when they can lie about being able to self-regulate? (Big corporations can t self-regulate.) And The Associated General Contractors of America wants to roll back regulations for paid sick leave for government contractors. They probably want to get rid of overtime rules, too.Of course, business groups like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce are applauding Trump for this. They see this administration as one that is finally interested in relieving businesses  from a regulatory onslaught that occurred, principally, during the prior administration. Others are not so sure this is the best way to do things, though, because companies will always, always, always act in their own best interests, and damn the rest of the world. Jeffrey Zients, who worked on regulatory issues under Obama, said: At a time when many CEOS are focused on the short term and looking to maximize their profitability each quarter, I believe that a lot of their aversion to these regulations reflects a short-term mind-set that values reducing costs over anything else.That s unfortunate, because well-crafted regulations are an important part of creating sustainable and fair economic prosperity in the long run. A detail. These companies don t want sustainable and fair economic prosperity in the long run. They want unfair and profitable in the short run. It s the nature of the beast. And it s why the business world needs strong regulation. Instead, Trump is trying to give them back the ability to do what they want, when they want, how they want, without regard to the harm they cause.Featured image by Ron Sachs   Pool via Getty Images",0
1767, WATCH: Army Vet WRECKS Trump – Here’s the REAL Reason He Gave Generals More Control Over Bombing,"Trump was supposed to be a non-interventionist, but, allegedly as soon as he saw videos of poisoned children on cable news (the same children he doesn t want coming here because other videos that were edited showed him that refugees were all big, burly, 20-something men and not mothers and children), he decided we had to intervene in Syria. And he attacked. Then he attacked Afghanistan with the biggest bomb we have.Then he was lauded for both moves, and also lauded for giving more control over this kind of thing to his generals. But Army vet Jason Kander, speaking on CNN s  State of the Union,  has hit the nail on the head for why Trump really gave that control to his generals: I believe he wants to take credit for good things when they happen, and blame generals when bad things happen. Kander also explained that there were only two acceptable answers to why Trump would make such a move: He s the commander-in-chief, and he also needs to defend the reasoning behind why a commander on the ground actually made the decision to bomb Afghanistan with the biggest one we ve got.Had the MOAB failed to do anything at all, Trump would definitely have blamed the general who actually authorized dropping it. Kander backed his position up by explaining how Trump blamed the generals who were in charge of the failed Yemen raid, where we lost Navy SEAL Ryan Owens. Instead of saying,  We lost him,  Trump said,  The generals lost him.  Kander also used Trump s own pseudo-explanation of whether he authorized the MOAB drop to back that truth bomb up: If you think back to when he was asked whether or not he approved the dropping of the MOAB in Afghanistan, his answer was something along the lines of, it started with  Uh,  and then it went from  Uh,  to  Everybody knew exactly what was going on,  which was, of course, the opposite of true. I mean, he was giving that answer because he didn t want people to know exactly whether he approved it or not. Trump won t take responsibility for failures, even military ones.Watch Kander savage Trump over it below:Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
1768," White Supremacist Trump Ally Gets Punched While Screaming ‘Clinton Is A Rapist’, Cries Like A Baby (VIDEO)","On some level, it s gratifying that punching Nazis in the face has become a national sport more popular than baseball. On one hand, violence is almost always inexcusable. On the other, they re Nazis. Mike Cernovich, a Donald Trump ally who invented the popular right-wing lie that Hillary Clinton secretly runs a child prostitution operation out of a D.C. pizza shop s basement (the place doesn t even have a basement) showed up at a Tax Day anti-Trump rally and began screaming  Bill Clinton is a rapist  at the top of his lungs like a f*cking moron. Then things got weird(er).Cernovich posted a video in which he claims he was  assaulted by the crowd  who was swarming around him chanting mean things. Cernovich drew attention to himself by calling Bill Clinton a rapist, which of course invited a negative response. At this point, no one touched him but he screamed for police to help him. She s touching me,  Cernovich said before repeating  I m under assault  over and over and over and over. It s really kind of magical in a pathetic sort of way. Man takes the stage at anti-Trump rally, declaring,  Bill Clinton is a rapist!  Crowd rushes man. pic.twitter.com/rIo4gE4RF7  Mike Cernovich (@Cernovich) April 15, 2017It s funnier from another point of view:While Cernovich was not attacked in this video, another shows someone walk up and deck him in a perfect example of  be careful what you wish for. .@Rambobiggs Violent leftist caught taking a shot at Cernovich at anti-Trump rally! pic.twitter.com/zxF0XxckuO  Mike Cernovich ?? (@Cernovich) April 15, 2017Cernovich was not injured. In fact, as one of the videos shows, his first concern was posting the video on social media so he could capitalize on this opportunity to play the victim: I was just assaulted, so we need to go live,  Cernovich says as he composes a tweet and runs away to whine to people who think #Pizzagate is a real thing.Recently, Donald Trump Jr. said that Cernovich should receive the Pulitzer for his false report that former Obama National Security Advisor Susan Rice improperly monitored the Trump campaign.Enjoy the video. I did.Featured image via screengrab",0
1769, Donald Trump Says Being President Makes Him Immune To Lawsuits As Supporter Throws Him Under The Bus,"Apparently, Donald Trump wanted to be president because he seriously thinks being president makes him immune to lawsuits. As usual, he s wrong.During his campaign, Trump often urged his supporters to physically assault protesters. And at a rally in Kentucky in March 2016, Trump did exactly that and it caused a black woman to be assaulted as she was forced out of the venue. I was called a n****r and a c*nt and got kicked out,  University of Louisville student Shiya Nwanguma recounted.  They were pushing and shoving at me, cursing at me, yelling at me, called me every name in the book. They re disgusting and dangerous. In fact, the assault was caught on camera and revealed that Alvin Bamberger, Matthew Heimbach, and Joseph Pryor each contributed to the crime.Well, a lawsuit was filed against the men and Donald Trump himself.Of course, attorneys for Trump were quick to try to claim presidential immunity to wriggle out of being held liable for the actions of the three men.They argue that Trump  is immune from suit because he is president of the United States. But that s not true at all and the Supreme Court says so.Back during Bill Clinton s presidency, the high court ruled that a president can be sued for action taken outside of the presidency. And since Trump was not president in March 2016 when he ordered the crowd to  get  em out of here  he can and will face this lawsuit.U.S. District Judge David Hale ruled earlier this month that the evidence indicates that Trump is at least partially responsible for the actions of his supporters at rallies.And even Trump s own supporters are throwing him under the bus.Bamberger, who is a member of a veteran s association, claims his actions were provoked by Trump. Bamberger had no prior intention to act has he did,  his attorneys wrote.  Bamberger would not have acted as he did without Trump and/or Trump campaign s specific urging and inspiration. To the extent that Bamberger acted, he did so in response to   and inspired by   Trump and/or Trump campaign s urging to remove the protesters. Bamberge is literally arguing that if he is found liable in court, so should Trump. And that makes sense. After all, Trump egged his supporters on every time protesters attended his rallies. He even once offered to pay for their defense if they roughed up protesters. So if you see somebody getting ready to throw a tomato, knock the crap out of him, would you?  he said during a February rally.  Seriously, okay, just knock the hell. I promise you, I will pay for the legal fees; I promise, I promise. From that point forward, violence against protesters by Trump supporters got even worse.So Trump will have to deal with more lawsuits. Because no one, not even the president, is above the law.Featured Image: Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1770, Trump Stooge Betsy DeVos Gets Her A** Handed To Her By Joe Biden For Being Soft On College Campus Sexual Assault,"Joe Biden once again demonstrated why the American people love him so much.During her confirmation hearing, Betsy DeVos was grilled by the Senate. Her lack of qualifications and opposition to public education made it clear that she should not be the Secretary of Education. But her family has bought politicians over the years so it s surprise that she had enough Republicans in her pocket to narrowly get confirmed.One of the big questions DeVos refused to answer was about sexual assault on college campuses. Under the Obama Administration, Title IX was interpreted to also mean that colleges must work to stop sexual assault on campus. When asked about this, Devos balked. Senator, I know that there s a lot of conflicting ideas and opinions around that guidance   and if confirmed I would look forward to working with you and your colleagues and understand the range of opinion and understand the issues from the higher-ed institutions that are charged with resolving these and addressing them and I would look forward to working together to find some resolutions,  DeVos said.After being pressed to answer, DeVos replied,  It would be premature for me to do that today. After being confirmed, she finally answered the question by revoking the guidance set up by President Obama and declared on the Department of Education website,  This is an issue best solved at the state and local level. In other words, DeVos is perfectly happy to continue letting rape culture continue on college campuses. She won t lift a finger to help women.And that makes Joe Biden angry. It bothers me most if Secretary DeVos is going to really dumb down Title IX enforcement,  Biden told Teen Vogue.  The real message, the real frightening message you re going to send out is, our culture says it s OK. You know, the major reason why women drop out of college when they re a freshman is because of sexual assault. Not their grades, sexual assault. And so, it would be devastating. Biden went on to slam DeVos for enabling rapists and said parents should not have to worry about safety on college campuses.No father or mother should drop their kid off this late August, early September at their first day at college and drive away worried [if she is] going to be safe. Parents don t drive away saying, Is she going to do all right in school? Is she academically qualified? Will she show up for class? How well is she going to do? That s not the conversation going on. The conversation that s going on is, is she going to be safe? That is an obligation of the school, and Title IX is the vehicle, and when Secretary DeVos by her silence didn t affirm that rape and sexual assault are forms of sexual discrimination  God, if anything is sexual discrimination, it s rape and assault. And that s why schools have an obligation under Title IX to prevent this from happening.Indeed, parents should only have to worry about how well their daughters will do in school, not about if some asshole is going to violate their bodies.By ignoring sexual assault on college campuses, Betsy DeVos is part of the problem. And when young women are raped and the rapists get away with it, DeVos should be held responsible. She is in a position of power to do something about this and if she won t do it she should be dragged into court alongside the rapist.Featured Image: Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1771, Trump Celebrates Easter By Bitching About Protests Demanding His Tax Returns And Gets POUNDED For It,"Rather than just wish America a happy Easter and move on, Donald Trump spent Sunday morning whining about the Tax March protesters.Tax season gave Americans across the country the perfect opportunity to target Trump and his refusal to release his tax returns.During the campaign, Trump promised he would release his returns after the election but quickly rescinded that promise because it s clear his tax returns include many things he wants to hide, including his ties to Russia.So protests broke out over the weekend demanding that Trump finally release his taxes.His response was to complain about how he shouldn t have to release his taxes since he  won  the Electoral College. Of course, you won t hear Trump talk about the popular vote since he lost that by 3 million votes.I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 16, 2017Trump then accused the protesters of being paid to organize against him.Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 16, 2017Seriously, Trump will apparently say or do anything to ignore the fact that people really do hate him and want him impeached.His constant response to people protesting him is to brag about the election even though he colluded with the Russians to win.At this point, it s surprising that the American people haven t marched to the White House and dragged Trump kicking and screaming out of office.But instead, they mocked him repeatedly on Twitter.@realDonaldTrump Show them if it s no big deal  Mike Denison (@mikd33) April 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump Did you win the popular vote lololol  Mike Denison (@mikd33) April 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump If you ve got nothing to hide, release them. What s the problem?  Emma Kennedy (@EmmaKennedy) April 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump Winning the electoral college is not that difficult for a Republican. Winning the popular vote, on the other hand, is hard. As you well know  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) April 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump I don t think the Constitution says that presidents who win in a landslide have the right to be less transparent with the American people.  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) April 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump You mocked Romney for not releasing his returns until late 2012. What would Candidate Trump say to President Trump? https://t.co/yWoxqFyUrK  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) April 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump If your tax returns aren t a big deal, why are you avoiding protesters? Release your returns. pic.twitter.com/WIdvRUpROD  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) April 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump Trump lost the popular vote by 3 million and barely won the electoral college. Ranking 46th out of 58 elections hardly counts as  easily  pic.twitter.com/eIu0aAx89l  Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) April 16, 2017Donald Trump is a coward and a liar. He refuses to release his taxes because he has something to hide that would surely get him impeached. Frankly, he should be impeached now just for refusing to release them.Featured Image: Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1772, Melissa McCarthy Just Took On Sean Spicer’s ‘Hitler Moment’ And It’s F*cking Perfect (VIDEO),"In case you were unaware, Sean Spicer has spent much of the week attempting to justify his claim that Adolf Hitler wasn t as bad of a guy as everyone says because he drove people to concentration camps   sorry,  Holocaust centers    rather than just gas them in town like Assad does. We didn t use chemical weapons in World War II,  Spicer, apparently under the impression that Passover needed a little bit of Holocaust denial from the White House press secretary, said Tuesday.  You know, you had someone as despicable as Hitler who didn t even sink to using chemical weapons. I think when you come to sarin gas, he was not using the gas on his own people the same way that Assad is doing,  Spicer later said in an attempt to  clarify  his remarks, forgetting about all those gas chambers in what he calls  Holocaust centers  (or, of course, the mobile execution vans). Spicer continued to apologize throughout the week, but for some inexplicable reason found himself unable to undo the damage he did when he decided that Hitler wasn t such a bad guy after all.Spicer s Hitler week had all the makings of a perfect Saturday Night Live sketch, and Melissa McCarthy did not disappoint. Dressed as Spicer in his Easter Bunny costume (if you didn t know, he played the role of the egg-delivering Easter hero during the Bush years)McCarthy s Spicer admitted that he  finally made a mistake  with the Hitler gaffe.  Everybody was like  boo hoo, well what about the Holocaust centers?' Yeah, I know they re not really called  Holocaust centers    Duh, I know that. I m aware,   Spicer  added.  I clearly meant to say,  concentration clubs,  ok? Let it drop. It would be really great if the nitpickers could try and see the big picture and didn t focus on every little slur and lie I say,  Spicey said.  That d be nice. We won t ruin any more of it for you. Watch it below:Featured image via screengrab",0
1773, WATCH: SNL BRUTALLY Mocks The Kushner/Bannon Feud In HILARIOUS Reality Show Spoof,"Saturday Night Live is back with new episodes, and this week s cold open did not disappoint. As the iconic show went live coast-to-coast for the first time in history, they went all in on the incompetence of The Donald s reality show  presidency.   Alec Baldwin returned as the reliably buffoonish Trump, and Jimmy Fallon played the notoriously silent son-in-law and top adviser, Jared Kusher. To round off the spoof, the Grim Reaper returned as the newly diminished Steve Bannon. There was even a cameo by  Mike Pence,  played by Beck Bennett, where the show ruthlessly mocked reports that Pence actually calls his wife  mother. In the spoof, Baldwin s Trump is doing a reality-show style elimination round to finally end the Kushner vs. Bannon feud that has been irritating him and amusing the rest of us for weeks now. He starts out by saying that he is holding a photo of each adviser, and only one will get to stay.  Trump  praises  Kushner  for being photogenic, while telling  Bannon  that pictures of him make him want to puke. In the end, Kushner is chosen, and another Grim Reaper-like figure comes to take  Bannon  to hell. After that, SNL kicked off what is sure to be a successful  President Kushner  narrative, as they have  Trump  tell  Kushner  to sit at the president s desk in the Oval Office, while  Trump  himself returns to the child s desk to play with his toys, just as he did in previous episodes with  President Bannon. All in all, SNL outdid themselves with this one. There are no words to describe how funny this is.Watch below for the most hilarious few minutes of your evening:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1774, Conservatives ADMIT They Incited Violence At Berkeley; Here’s Proof (SCREENSHOTS),"Of course, when there s violence in protests, we hear a lot of blame getting thrown around. However, the loudest cries of injustice always seem to come from those who don t believe injustice happens to anybody but them   the nationalist, racist, white supremacist alt-right. Such is the case today with the violence that erupted at the Berkeley protests. The problem is, the alt-right was all over Twitter working to incite violence against the  antifa,  or anti-fascists, whom they ve branded as terrorists.Ignoring for a moment the fact that these guys wouldn t know what actual terrorism is if it bit them, one particular person on Twitter spent much of the last six weeks telling his fellow alt-righters what to carry to Berkeley and how to set it up. They seem to think that attaching flags to sticks will disguise the fact that they re weapons.Check out what one of the  leaders,  named General Deplorable, posted to Twitter:General Deplorable s diagram up there is about how to ensure those sticks always legal, so they can carry them into  battle,  as well as how to put them together so they re harder for  enemies  to pull away from them  in battle. Here are two other tweets that are incitements to violence as well:And this is General Deplorable s Twitter profile pic and info, which actually contradict each other:Here s the thing: This crowd of miscreants calls their flag poles  based sticks.  This is what they really are:This is what #BasedStick means: a flagpole that doubles as an insurrectionist s weapon. #Berkeleyprotests https://t.co/ZD2tGdqjk0  Marie Walshe (@lacanlune) April 16, 2017The Berkeley Police Department sees these as weapons. In fact, any stick pole, post, or the like that can be used as a bludgeoning tool (along with anything else that can be used as a weapon) are prohibited. To listen to these guys talk on their social media feeds and on their livestreams, though, it s the anti-Trump protesters who started everything, and Berkeley PD is horrifically biased. Yet, look at what they confiscated:Here are some of the prohibited items that have already removed from the park today. https://t.co/3qx3smYwgk pic.twitter.com/A70VCxFYEu  Berkeley Police (@berkeleypolice) April 15, 2017The American flags belonged to the alt-right, and the black flags and red and black flags belong to what look like black bloc anarchists. Lately they ve shown up at protests and rallies specifically to cause violence. They re who every  real American  conservative thinks are the  violent liberals,  but they are a minority fringe group which currently lacks broad support.It s not likely that they ll ever change their minds on that, either.13 people were arrested and of course, General Deplorable and others are decrying the arrests and Berkeley PD for being biased towards the anti-Trump side, because of course.But they didn t go there to hold a peaceful rally. All of this shows that they went there specifically for violence.Watch a short video of melee below:Demonstrators are punching each other and even using skateboards and helmets as weapons in #Berkeley. https://t.co/PAK3WUbllH pic.twitter.com/7G8hLtsA4I  NBC Bay Area (@nbcbayarea) April 15, 2017Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
1775, Sarah Palin Gleefully Counts Bodies After MOAB Strike And Gets Ripped APART By Twitter (TWEETS),"Leave it to Sarah Palin to get a hate-boner after our resident Manchurian couch potato dropped the  mother of all bombs  on ISIS. The MOAB cost $16 million (enough to completely take care of countless underprivileged families from whom Trump is stripping social programs and healthcare) and cost a whopping $300 million to develop. While some have called Trump  presidential  for learning that stupid people like big explosions, the reality is that he dropped 20,000 pounds of the American people s tax dollars in a hole and blew it all up to satisfy his ego and distract from his other problems (like Russia).On Saturday, Sarah Palin gleefully celebrated news from Afghan authorities that they had increased the number of enemy combatants killed to a whopping 94 (that s about $170,000 per dead body y all!) and a yet-unknown number of civilians.ALERT: Death Toll from MOAB Just SKYROCKETED, but News of Why Is Even Better  https://t.co/PxWje1FJmp  Sarah Palin (@SarahPalinUSA) April 16, 2017Naturally, super-Christian Palin s decision to do the happy dance over Trump s big boom extravaganza on Easter weekend was not taken lightly by people who don t still believe in that rabbit guy who hides eggs:@russboot @SarahPalinUSA Do you need to go and change your panties ?  Lisa (@lisaedwards63) April 16, 2017@lisaedwards63 @russboot @SarahPalinUSA or diaper?  Rayne Wilde (@RayneWilde) April 16, 2017@SarahPalinUSA Oh Sarah, You re so Jesusy. Go out and celebrate with a drunken family brawl.  DigitalMindPatrol (@digitlmndpatrol) April 16, 2017@SarahPalinUSA I thought we stood against ISIS because THEY glorify death. Just because it s necessary doesn t make it something to celebrate. #Hypocrites  Randolph Clemens (@CheerstoHistory) April 16, 2017@SarahPalinUSA Stop taking your husband s pain meds.  Susan Fraser ?? (@InvPac) April 16, 2017@SarahPalinUSA Wahoo! Let s celebrate death!  Henriks Feet (@HenriksTongue) April 16, 2017@SarahPalinUSA Celebrating that death toll from US attack skyrocketed. During Easter. How appropriate  Andi (@ac452) April 16, 2017@SarahPalinUSA Even better??? Do you glory in death? How very Christian of you on the eve of the most Holy Day of the year!  Caoimhin Seosamh (@KevinHickie) April 16, 2017@SarahPalinUSA Sounds like your blood alcohol content skyrocketed.  Ace Rothstein (@BillyBatts1970) April 16, 2017@SarahPalinUSA You are no Christian. Shame on you.  Khaleesi (@khaleesikhaldro) April 16, 2017Unfortunately, this attitude of finding glory in death is typical of conservatives. Hell, they feel that way for people they just don t agree with. It s one thing to say that ISIS must be stopped. It s entirely different to act like your biggest desire is to bathe in the blood of the dead.Happy Easter, everyone. Death to the infidels?Featured image via screengrab",0
1776," Donald Trump Jr Tweets Unintentionally Humiliating Photo, Blocks People Who Mock Him","Donald Trump Jr gets more from his dad than just his name, of all the Trump kids, Don seems to be most obsessed with appearing macho. Unfortunately, it never works out for him. And even worse, when he faces the inevitable mockery for his hamfisted attempts to appear tough, his first response is to hide.Twitter got to see a perfect example of this on Saturday, after Don Jr. thought he d take a dig at the  mainstream media  and walked right into a pretty hilarious self-own. Donald Trump Jr., hot off of tweeting that his critics were triggered,  got triggered himself after posting this tweet onto his social media account:I'm going to have to buy 5-10,000 of these to pass around to our buddies in the #MSM. In the meantime I'll model it for them?. #yourewelcome pic.twitter.com/Hnn3Z5Pspm  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) April 15, 2017Any normal person would look at this picture and go  please delete this and never show it to another human being.  Everything about it was sad. The weird thumbs up. The pained expression on his face that was presumably supposed to signal toughness. The shirt  oh god, the shirt. Instead of deleting the photo in shame, Don tweeted it with an equally embarrassing caption.Playing into his father s rabid base of right-wing fanatics, Don promised to send  10,000  shirts reading  Very Fake News  to his  friends  in the mainstream media. Like the rest of the Trump family, Don hates the media because they have repeatedly debunked Trump s lies. Don has retreated into his own conservative bubble, recently praising a pro-rape white nationalist blogger named Mike Cernovich, suggesting the conspiracy theorist deserves a Pulitzer.But Don couldn t take it after he dished it. Soon after tweeting, he started facing relentless mockery.@DonaldJTrumpJr HAHAHA LOL !!! LMAO #gotem ?  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) April 15, 2017pic.twitter.com/ZSVbu5GXT6  Dave Itzkoff (@ditzkoff) April 15, 2017@DonaldJTrumpJr it is a very nice shirt pic.twitter.com/1DmgXGVYzx  Matt Binder (@MattBinder) April 15, 2017What a monumental embarrassment. https://t.co/QVh8Kv71k2  Rex Huppke (@RexHuppke) April 15, 2017@ditzkoff God he is such a tool!!!!!!!!! Omg Can you imagine being so oblivious to what an idiot you are.  andy lassner (@andylassner) April 15, 2017Donald Trump Jr doesn t handle getting made fun of well. The last message in particular must have stung, because he blocked Andy Lassner, which Lassner discovered when he tried to go to Don s Twitter page.Oh for fuck's sake pic.twitter.com/TjA6YLlmAn  andy lassner (@andylassner) April 15, 2017Donald Trump Jr is obsessed with blocking people who make fun of him, while still pretending he s a tough guy.Apparently, Donald J Trump Jr has me blocked! ? #lifegoals  TRUMP DRINKS PISS! (@JamesJJacksonJr) April 14, 2017Donald Trump Jr. blocked me! I must have said the right thing.  Good Witch of Emma (@joan_moon) April 1, 2017@AltUSPressSec @DonaldJTrumpJr Oh, Junior blocked me. Tsk tsk.  (Ab)Cynthia (@Ab_Synthia) April 15, 2017Unfortunately he may have inadvertently started a movement. People are now actively trying to burn Don so bad that he blocks them, too.@andylassner I clearly have some work to do.  Danny Zuker (@DannyZuker) April 15, 2017Goals @DonaldJTrumpJr block me https://t.co/wIiyqYNCSh  Mycol Wever (@Mycolw12) April 15, 2017I think it s safe to say that Donald Trump Jr spent this Easter weekend, to use his phrase, extremely triggered.Featured image via Twitter",0
1777, REPORT: Trump Still Seething Like A Child Because Bannon Gets More Attention Than He Does (DETAILS),"We all remember how, in February, TIME Magazine ran a cover with the face of Stephen K. Bannon, Trump s chief strategist, on it instead of the face of Trump himself. Of course, Trump s massive ego doesn t allow one iota of attention to go to anyone else, so this definitely got under his skin. However, that was a long time ago, and one would think that Trump is over that little irritation, right? Wrong. New reporting suggests that here we are in April, months after TIME ran the Bannon cover, and Trump is still irritated over it.The Hill reports that a New York Times cover says the following of how Trump feels about the Bannon cover, and his employees in general getting more attention than he does: Mr. Trump remains annoyed by a February cover of Time magazine labeling Mr. Bannon  The Great Manipulator,  telling one visitor this month,  That doesn t just happen    a favored Trump expression for anger at subordinates who tend to their interests ahead of his. It probably doesn t help that this particular issue of TIME definitely added fuel to the fire on the  President Bannon  meme, which suggests that it is really Steve Bannon who is pulling the strings in the West Wing, and that Trump is just a puppet. This may have been true at the time; however, Bannon s power and influence in the West Wing has been greatly diminished as of late. He may even be on his way out of the White House altogether. Here is the cover that has gotten under Trump s oh so thin skin:TIME s new cover: How Steve Bannon became the second most powerful man in the world https://t.co/EJpO6Qqg9K pic.twitter.com/BdpY4Hw9Xb  TIME (@TIME) February 2, 2017If Trump is indeed still seething about the Bannon cover and the  President Bannon  narrative, indeed this is good for the country, as petty as it is. After all, anything that hastens the exit of the head white supremacist from the White House should be A-OK with any reasonable American citizen.Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
1778, Trump Just Asked For The Public’s Opinion. A Former Obama Official Had The PERFECT Response (IMAGE),"Donald Trump might want to stop creating public polls  it s never going to end well for him as he is the most hated POTUS in history.It s no secret that even before Trump stepped foot in the White House, the nation was mourning the loss of President Barack Obama, stunned and heartbroken that a truly great POTUS would be replaced by an incompetent reality television star.We re now several weeks into Trump s presidency and we still can t get over it. If the average American is upset about Trump being in the White House, you can only imagine what Obama s former officials feel, having worked closely with a truly great man and leader. Today, former Obama official Chris Lu gave us a look at some major resistance to the new president.Lu was Obama s top liaison to federal departments and agencies, and clearly showed that he was fiercely loyal to the former POTUS. Trump made the mistake of asking the public what agencies he should cut   and it went horribly wrong thanks to Lu. Lu answered the question   by proposing that Trump s White House be eliminated!Trump was looking for a way to make the Federal government more efficient, effective, and accountable to you    and we can all agree that our government would be far more effective without Trump and his corrupt administration. Here s Lu s hilarious response to Trump:Lu wrote: The President seems more interested in visiting his own properties instead of fulfilling his constitutional duties. But if he wants to stay in office, he should disclose his tax returns, eliminate all conflicts of interest, and disclose who is visiting the White House. That s something we all could agree on. We have all seen how miserably Trump fails whenever he tries to get something done   four years under this administration will be detrimental to the country.Featured image via Feng Li / Getty Images",0
1779, Trump Has NEVER Looked So Incompetent; His China Adviser Was Literally Found On Amazon (DETAILS),"With every new detail revealing itself about Donald Trump s administration, the humiliation that America is enduring is getting harder and harder to stomach. We have never seen an administration fail so hard from the start, and just when it seems it can get no worse, Trump sets a new precedent. The latest detail in Trump s White House will have Americans more disappointed than ever before.Apparently, the morons in the Trump administration are so incompetent and lazy, they aren t even able to choose top officials correctly. Vanity Fair just reported a VERY disturbing detail about Trump s China adviser, who was sought out by the POTUS  son-in-law, Jared Kushner. Kushner chose this adviser not by interviewing experts, like a normal person   Kushner found Trump s China adviser by searching Amazon. Vanity Fair wrote:At one point during the campaign, when Trump wanted to speak more substantively about China, he gave Kushner a summary of his views and then asked him to do some research. Kushner simply went on Amazon, where he was struck by the title of one book, Death by China, co-authored by Peter Navarro. He cold-called Navarro, a well-known trade-deficit hawk, who agreed to join the team as an economic adviser. (When he joined, Navarro was in fact the campaign s only economic adviser.) Kushner operated in much the same way when it came to crafting Trump s tax plan calling up someone for help out of the blue. Given the initial absence of pros who could do the job properly, he also tried his hand at writing speeches. Responding to criticism from the boss ( Jared, this is terrible! ), Kushner said, according to a person familiar with the episode,  I m not a fucking speechwriter. I am a real-estate guy. The idiocy being displayed here is mind boggling. Kushner, who at least has the sense to admit that he s way out of his league and he s just  a real-estate guy , is the person Trump has put in charge of basically everything. The same man that s looking for advisers on Amazon.Let s not forget that this idiot is the man in charge of bringing peace to the Middle East. With this amount of incompetency in the White House, it will be a miracle if the United States can get through Trump s presidency without a major crisis, although we re already getting pretty close to one after Trump s attack on Syria and Afghanistan, and his inflammatory comments toward China and North Korea.If anyone thought that Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump were going to being the check and balance for Trump, this report certainly crushes that hope. Even the most level headed people in Trump s administration are dangerously ill-equipped.Featured image via Scott Olson / Getty Images",0
1780, Americans Tar And Feather King Donald For Demanding Gold Carriage For Trip To England,"America does not have a king. America is not a monarchy. But Donald Trump apparently thinks otherwise and the American people are NOT happy about it.When President Obama visited England for the first time, he declined the gold-plated carriage the Royal family offered for his use during the state visit, opting instead to ride in a motorcade. The motorcade was not only easier to provide security for, it was less expensive and demonstrated that Obama was truly a man of the people.Donald Trump, however, is demanding that the horse-drawn gold-plated carriage be rolled out for him and that a parade be organized down the Mall to Buckingham Palace in October.Of course, we all know that Trump is NOT a man of the people no matter how much he makes that claim. After all, we re talking about a man who continues to live in a gold-plated penthouse in Trump Tower.Trump literally thinks he s a f*cking king and he is demanding to be treated like one even though the Constitution makes it clear that such titles of nobility are not recognized in this country.The cost of security is going to be massive and it s the American taxpayers who are going to be picking up the tab.As news of Trump s ridiculous demand spread, Americans took to Twitter to virtually tar and feather him in the public square of social media.While enjoying the spoils of stealing an election, The Trump Royal Crime Family requests a gold-plated carriage ride with the Royal Family. https://t.co/uRSrPoULCD  UNITE & FIGHT (@stopthenutjob) April 15, 2017@kurteichenwald They should give Trump his ride on gold carriage   off a cliff. Seriously, they must have a spare gold carriage.  Barry Rosen (@BAR0ke) April 15, 2017This is a man of the people? Trump demanding ride in queen s gold carriage during Buckingham Palace visit: report https://t.co/mxFnx9ycPL  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) April 15, 2017[Cut to #Trump looking over at Ivanka,]  There isn t enough gold on that carriage to represent my status!  Ivanka: Let s call @Nigel_Farage! https://t.co/QYirm1uugh  TrumanDem (@TrumanDem) April 15, 2017#trump ego is expensive & a burden. @realDonaldTrump demands $ be wasted on ridiculous gold carriage but cuts meals for hungry kids at home pic.twitter.com/ZuKXSYG6SL  Doodledevotee (@doodledevotee) April 15, 2017Man of the people demands gold carriage! https://t.co/cTbympSmN9  mrs panstreppon (@mrspanstreppon) April 15, 2017I keep thinking the bar for vulgarity has been buried. He keeps proving otherwise. https://t.co/Hb7yvjK0A1  Nancy Nall Derringer (@nnall) April 15, 2017The  Living Like a Coal Miner  Saga Continues: Emperor @realDonaldTrump demands a gilded carriage ride in England https://t.co/QrMrsxz4eX  Col. Morris Davis (@ColMorrisDavis) April 15, 2017Perhaps we could do a Cinderella in reverse. Gold plated carriage turns in to a pumpkin. Trump turns in to one of the rats. https://t.co/4I6J0a29Hz  Glynis Elliott (@Chiclanagirl) April 15, 2017https://t.co/D8gIwGQjPf This must be stopped. It could be very dangerous for the horses and the carriage could be damaged from an attack.  Frederick Parsonage (@FParsonage) April 15, 2017#Trump s idea of #MealsOnWheels. Melania feeding their (then) baby a bottle in his 24 KT Gold Baby Carriage. They should be ashamed.#Wheels pic.twitter.com/ygpDMgY36n  Annemarie Weers (@AnnemarieWeers) March 16, 2017Trump wants a gold-plated carriage for when he visits the Queen? Golden carriages, golden showers  he expects A LOT when he visits Europe!  Cyrus McQueen (@CyrusMMcQueen) April 15, 2017He s a child, right? Needs a fancy carriage ride to prove some weird,  I m important  view. https://t.co/9BhfAKSTJO  Fat Tony (@anthonysorro) April 15, 2017Would it be beneath her majesty if she told him to fuck off? https://t.co/FKh5sf0CMY  Erik Huey (@ErikHuey) April 15, 2017At this point, the world and the American public should all tell Trump to f*ck off. He s an embarrassment who has turned our nation into a laughingstock around the world. Trump is not acting like a president, he s a petulant child pretending that he is a monarch. That s as un-American as it gets.Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1781, WTF: Trump Is ALREADY Paying Himself For His 2020 Campaign (DETAILS),"Donald Trump is already running for re-election, with a campaign fund set up and everything. And just as he did with his 2016 campaign, he s using the campaign to funnel money into his wallet via his businesses, because why patronize anybody else, and pay them all those campaign donations, when you can just pay yourself with them?Thus far, that amount totals $500,000. $274,000 alone has gone to Trump Tower. $58,000-plus has gone to the Trump International Golf Club in Florida, and nearly $14,000 has gone to Trump s Las Vegas hotel. The rest has gone to various other properties.Federal election law requires any candidate who uses their own business for campaign purposes to reimburse said business for the market value of the goods or services used. Generally, this winds up being a whole one to two percent of total campaign expenditures. As of June 2016, Trump s expenditures at his own properties was more than $6 million, or 10 percent of his total campaign expenditures.By the Nov. 8 election, that amount was over $14 million.That part of election law actually forms a loophole that Trump has no problem taking advantage of to the fullest extent he can.Obama stopped fundraising for awhile following his election in 2008. Trump never did. As soon as he was elected, he and the RNC began fundraising for 2020, and thus far, they ve raised more than $42 million together. Trump s refusal to divest himself from his businesses means some of that money could very easily be literally going into his wallet as we speak.Given that this is probably the least transparent administration in a long time, there s no way to trust that this is all Trump will funnel into his pockets. He s a master at exploiting loopholes in the law. His supporters will probably chant,  There s nothing illegal about this, so shut up,  but legal doesn t mean right or ethical.The fact that he s already busy funneling campaign donations to his own pockets just adds to the growing stack of items illustrating just how unethical he really is.Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
1782, Trump Just Went Full Hypocrite On National Parks And He’s Getting TRASHED For It,"Donald Trump is a hypocrite and even conservative outdoor groups know it.America s greatest and most enduring treasure is its National Parks. Conservation of these lands started under Republican President Theodore Roosevelt and has continued to this day as every president has created new National Parks to preserve natural wonders for future generations to enjoy and appreciate.But Donald Trump is on a mission to destroy everything that is good in this country and one of his targets are the very National Parks that millions of Americans visit every year.Trump s 2018 budget slashes funding for the Interior Department, which includes the National Park Service, by $2 billion and he has signed an executive order making it easier for mining and drilling to occur in and around the parks.In short, Trump doesn t want to give the National Park Service the money to protect the parks and he wants to let oil companies pollute them.Despite these facts, Trump had the gall to pretend that he loves our National Parks and that he wants to protect them.In a proclamation issued on Friday, Trump declared that protecting America s national parks is important to him and his administration. It is a priority of my Administration to protect these magnificent lands, and to ensure all Americans have access to our national parks, as well as to other National Park Service sites, throughout the next century It is my hope that we will pass down these natural and historic sites to our children and grandchildren. Again, Trump s budget would hurt our National Parks and mining and drilling would do lasting damage to lands that are supposed to remain pristine for future generations to come.In response to Trump s proclamation, conservation organizations trashed his hypocrisy. We re really surprised and disappointed to see the administration come after national parks this way,  senior manager for the National Park Conservation Association Nicholas Lund said.  With all that s going on in the world, drilling in our national parks should just not be a priority. Even the conservative-leaning Sierra Club had strong words for Trump. If he actually cared about protecting our parks, he would have never proposed a budget that slashes their funding to historically low levels at a time when investments are needed to maintain America s best idea,  executive director Michael Brune said.  Our parks and the people and economies they support need real commitments, not empty gestures. Indeed, our National Parks directly benefit the communities around them because of tourists, campers, hunters, photographers, and a multitude of people who desire to see America s natural wonders, the same natural wonders that their ancestors saw years earlier.That s what is at stake here. The National Parks belong to the people and they should be protected for all time, not exploited.Featured Image: Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1783," White Grievance Princess Tomi Lahren Whines About Getting ‘Fired,’ And I Could Watch It All Day (VIDEO)","Recently Tomi Lahren   a woman who literally built a career on hate at Glenn Beck s TheBlaze tried to make herself seem less horrible than she actually is during an appearance on The View and said that her  limited government  stance included being pro-choice. Unfortunately for Lahren, while she could get away with making racist comment after racist comment, the one thing conservatives will not tolerate is a woman speaking out about having rights to anything   especially her body.Some are rushing to Lahren s defense after Glenn Beck fired her for expressing the one viewpoint she has (assuming it s legitimate) that isn t completely horrifying, and she is taking that encouragement and running with it. Recently, Lahren filed a lawsuit against Beck alleging wrongful termination   and she stopped by ABC News to whine about how unfair it is that she got fired from her position as an extreme-right propagandist because she said something that was contrary to conservatives  core  values  (that word is used as loosely as possible). My job is my life. This is my life. Without that, I feel lost,  Lahren told ABC News   Nightline  on Friday.  When your outlet is taken away from you and you don t understand why and you re so disappointed and you re so blindsided, it hurts. I was getting ready to go in and do my show and I got a phone call saying that show was not on,  have been suspended for a week, perhaps longer ,  Lahren whined.  I was flabbergasted. Lahren s lawsuit, like her persona, is as fake as any randomly-selected promise from the mouth of Donald Trump. She has not been fired and instead remains under contract. Most importantly, she is still getting paid. It is puzzling that an employee who remains under contract (and is still being paid) has sued us for being fired, especially when we continue to comply fully with the terms of our agreement with her,  TheBlaze told ABC in a statement. She will continue to be paid until her contract expires in September but feels that her  First Amendment rights  (the First Amendment only applies to government interference) were violated when Beck decided that he didn t want someone walking around talking like women are people.Nevertheless, Lahren complains that she had been  silenced  and  sidelined  just like all those minorities she hates. I don t sit down in my chair and deliver my  Final Thoughts,  I don t have a dressing room, so I m terminated, I m fired  the way I look at things, I m not doing what I was contracted to do, which was produce a television show, a political talk show,  Lahren sobbed. This is not about politics,  she says.  This is about someone who had an opposing viewpoint that has been silenced and sidelined and thrown away. But, of course, that s what you do with garbage   you throw it away (and, according to the lawsuit, stretch yellow  CAUTION  tape across the door of its dressing room). I m someone with a thick skin and I can stand up to about anybody,  the thin-skinned bully said.  But when somebody does that that s really hard for me to take in Loyalty is everything to me, and you can disagree with me, but to go out and try to humiliate me? Very, very disappointed. I m a human being at the end of the day and something has been stripped from me and that s my ability to work, that s my ability to have a voice,  Lahren told ABC without providing any of the much-needed evidence that she is, in reality, human.  That s been taken from me wrongfully. So I m upset by it, and I m hurt by it and I feel betrayed by it. Interestingly, her  pro-choice  comments don t exactly mix well with her numerous aspersions cast at women who correctly believe they have a right to make decisions regarding their own bodies.(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Tomi On AbortionIt's over, folks. The 2017 Flip-Flop of the Year has to go to Tomi Lahren. (by Matt Binder)Posted by CAFE on Saturday, 25 March 2017Watch the interview below:Featured image via screengrab",0
1784," Trump Demands Queen Of Britain Pick Him Up In Gold-Plated Carriage, Organize Parade During Visit","Trump ran on  fiscal responsibility,  but has since made it clear that it doesn t apply to him.In yet another intentional embarrassment, details have leaked regarding Trump s demands for his upcoming state visit to England. They are petty and childish, and have infuriated much of England.Trump is said to have asked the Queen of England to pick him up in a gold-plated horse-drawn carriage and be given a parade as he makes his way to Buckingham Palace for an official visit.Donald Trump waving from the Queen s royal carriage is not a scenario many would have foreseen a year ago, but it has become a very real prospect, forcing security services to plan an unprecedented lockdown.The White House has made clear it regards the carriage procession down the Mall as an essential element of the itinerary for the visit currently planned for the second week of October, according to officials.This may be another petty attempt by Trump to appear  better  than his predecessor, President Obama. The former president had repeatedly told the English government that it was not expected to drive him around in a gold chariot, citing cost and security.Trump, who views appearances as everything, has a different perspective. Who would have thought?Their living room Trump tower. Gold leaf walls-that's normal pic.twitter.com/uZqPKRXg4Q  Debra Kamin (@ubucky) July 30, 2016For the English government, Trump s request is said to be a financial, security and logistical nightmare. The Times again:One source said that Mr Trump s decision to opt for the carriage, rather than the bullet and bomb-proof car that was used by his predecessor presented a range of fresh headaches.The source said:  The vehicle which carries the president of the United States is a spectacular vehicle. It is designed to withstand a massive attack like a low-level rocket grenade. If he s in that vehicle he is incredibly well protected and on top of that it can travel at enormous speed. If he is in a golden coach being dragged up the Mall by a couple of horses, the risk factor is dramatically increased. The result is that London will go into lockdown mode not seen since the Olympics. The crushing financial burden will, of course, be footed by the English taxpayer. Trump, who makes his Secret Service detail rent their own golf courses when he plays golf at his own course, is not expected to chip in any money.Trump s expectations to be treated as nobility is a further insult to the British people, 1.8 million of whom recently signed a petition asking that Trump be banned from the country entirely. At several times, Parliament has debated whether to forbid Trump from entering England due to his history of racism and sexism. During the fiesty debate, two British PMs got into a heated exchange which culminated in this epic zinger:Carmichael:  Having offered a state visit [to Trump] this time, what will we offer the next time we want to get a favorable response? Salmond:  The crown jewels. Sadly, watching Trump prance around London in gold, the joke doesn t seem like much of a joke any longer.Featured image via Stefan Wermuth   WPA Pool/Getty Images",0
1785, Local Fox Affiliate Just Gave Fox News A GIANT Middle Finger Over Their Biased News,"A local news station in Boston has had it with the Fox brand damaging their own reputation. WFXT Channel 25 is going to change the name of its newscast to Boston 25 News removing  Fox  entirely following a drop in its ratings and a study that showed their audience saw the newscast as  leaning conservative. Fox News itself has some ridiculous shows, like Fox & Friends and The O Reilly Factor, both of which tend to peddle not just misleading information, but also the very attitudes that make things worse, not better, in this country. For instance, on Fox & Friends this morning, Brian Kilmeade whined about conditions in immigration detention centers. But he wasn t talking about the stunning human rights abuses. He s upset about this: Get this: They re enjoying seven hours of outdoor activity. Who gets that anymore? Fresh sheets, and absolutely   I don t get that. No need to learn English. Co-host Ainsley Earhardt added: Seven hours of outdoor activity, freshly washed sheets, and absolutely no need to learn English. That s the easy life of an illegal immigrant inside American jails. Or clean sheets have something to do with basic sanitation, but hey, they ll think what they want here. The outdoor activity   it s not like they re in some Eden-like garden of paradise.There s also the whole controversy with Bill O Reilly and sexual harassment, and Fox News  failure to deal with their male employees who engage in such behavior. Billo the Clown is still on the air, and so far, Fox doesn t seem to have done much about it.Who wants to be associated with this crapola? WFXT is actually owned by Cox Media Group and not Fox News, but they re still considered a Fox affiliate and the brand carries a reputation that is increasingly negative. Massachusetts is a deep blue state, and their businesses and media outlets need to act accordingly to continue reaching their audiences.This decision is actually a few years in the making   it didn t just happen. WFXT s news director, Mike Oliveria, said that Massachusetts viewers want unbiased news. Fox News is decidedly not unbiased, but WFXT strives to be, as do most local newscasts. He said: It s not that [Fox is] a bad brand; it s just that it s not ours. While other Fox affiliates under Cox Media s umbrella aren t considering dropping  Fox  from their names at this time, we have t wonder if that s going to change.Featured image by Spencer Platt via Getty Images",0
1786, Librarians Just HUMILIATED Ivanka Trump For Blatant Hypocrisy And It Was Beautiful,"Donald Trump s daughter posted a hypocritical tweet in support of libraries. And librarians threw the book at her.It s National Library Week, so of course, Ivanka Trump chose to tout it in yet another demonstration of her hypocrisy.You see, Ivanka is complicit in her father s administration. Despite tweeting in support of women, she failed to stop her daddy from attacking equal pay for women, women s healthcare, and reproductive rights.She has even posted photos of herself at the zoo with elephants despite her brothers killing elephants for trophies and her dad being an enemy of the very environmental protections all animals need to survive.And she did it again on Thursday by posting in support of libraries.This #NationalLibraryWeek, we honor our libraries and librarians for opening our eyes to the world of knowledge, learning and reading!  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) April 14, 2017But there s a problem. Donald Trump s 2018 budget would totally eliminate funding to the Institute of Museum and Library Services. In fact, local libraries in small and large communities across the country directly benefit from this funding because nearly all of it is used to provide state and local grants to libraries to keep them funded and up to date.And it didn t take long for librarians and library organizations to to point out her hypocrisy. We agree   libraries do great work with federal funds for states @realdonaldtrump wants to wipe out.  -ALA President Julie Todaro #saveIMLS https://t.co/HZHbpYpsx8  Amer. Library Assn. (@ALALibrary) April 14, 2017Your dad wants to cut all of our federal funding but thanks for the tweet. #SaveIMLS https://t.co/N6o9xIGuFg  Margaret Howard (@Miss_Librarian) April 14, 2017@IvankaTrump Defunding libraries as proposed in your dad s budget hurts hardworking Americans pic.twitter.com/DHQ0i9IezF  EveryLibrary (@EveryLibrary) April 14, 2017@IvankaTrump Cuts to federal funding for libraries are absolutely unconscionable, cruel, and unnecessary. #saveIMLS #library pic.twitter.com/zVTpNsRo8W  EveryLibrary (@EveryLibrary) April 14, 2017@IvankaTrump Millions of Americans use libraries to learn new skills or get training for better jobs. https://t.co/tTwgW9YhFy pic.twitter.com/zr92osWXQu  EveryLibrary (@EveryLibrary) April 14, 2017@IvankaTrump Libraries are often the only access to the internet for many rural communities https://t.co/tTwgW9YhFy pic.twitter.com/UsKiu0d7tZ  EveryLibrary (@EveryLibrary) April 14, 2017@IvankaTrump Your father is about to completely defund the federal agency that helps to fund libraries. You might wanna look into that.  Jason Griffey (@griffey) April 14, 2017@IvankaTrump What s your dad s favorite book? ?Oh wait! HE DOESN T READ!  Ryan Graney (@RyanEGraney) April 14, 2017.@IvankaTrump A librarian can help you find books that will teach you about racism, authoritarianism, treason, and being a co-conspirator!  Bill Cameron (@bcmystery) April 14, 2017@IvankaTrump Thanks, but actions speak louder than Tweets. Tell @POTUS to #SaveIMLS. pic.twitter.com/HE6hgWivDp  Librarian Problems (@librarianprblms) April 14, 2017@IvankaTrump You can honor libraries by keeping their federal funding intact #SaveIMLS #LSTA #IAL #NationalLibraryWeek #LibrariesTransform  Keri Cascio (@keribrary) April 14, 2017.@IvankaTrump your dad clearly honors libraries pic.twitter.com/4gD8w1mtFm  Jess Dweck (@TheDweck) April 14, 2017If Ivanka Trump truly supports libraries, she ll convince her dad to fund them instead of asking him to drop bombs on other countries, especially since every bomb dropped represents millions of dollars that could have been spent improving our own nation.Featured Image: Joe Scarnici/Getty Images",0
1787," BREAKING: Trump Is Playing With Fire, And He Just Brought Us One Step Closer To Nuclear War","North Korea just made it abundantly clear that they have no intention of backing down from Trump, and that Trump, for all his dick-swinging, does not scare them. In fact, according to the U.K. s Mirror, North Korea just let loose with a blistering warning to Trump over his posturing: Our toughest counteraction against the US and its vassal forces will be taken in such a merciless manner as not to allow the aggressors to survive.We ve got a powerful nuclear deterrent already in our hands and we certainly will not keep our arms crossed in the face of a US pre-emptive strike. Their vice foreign minister also added this: Whatever comes from the US, we will cope with it. We are fully prepared. The army and people will courageously counter those who encroach upon our dignity and sovereignty and will always mercilessly ravage all provocative options of the US. They ve also flat-out said,  We will go to war if they choose,  clearly putting the ball in our court as to whether or not war happens.Trump reportedly threatened to hit North Korea with Tomahawks the same missiles we launched into Syria to destroy absolutely nothing if they go ahead with a nuclear test this weekend. But that s not all   we also recently test-dropped an inert nuclear bomb to ensure that our military planes can carry and deliver it.There s a slim chance we could decide to use that on North Korea.It s not that North Korea isn t a problem. It s that this military show is having the opposite effect of what Trump no doubt thinks should be happening, despite North Korea being a very aggressive regime. And there will be collateral damage if we launch a pre-emptive strike at North Korea. They ll hit our bases in South Korea, but they may also retaliate directly against our allies in the region, including Japan.If it s nuclear war, well, the whole world will suffer.China is begging both us and North Korea to cool it. Russia has also asked both countries to be very careful. South Korea has warned us not to start anything on the peninsula without their consent as a military ally. Trump has got to stop fanning his peacock feathers and actually start considering the wider consequences of his actions, including show he s putting on near the Korean peninsula at the moment.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
1788, China Warns Trump: Provoke North Korea And ‘Pay The Price’,"On Thursday, Donald Trump tweeted that if China, North Korea s sole major ally, doesn t deal with North Korea  properly,  the United States and  its allies  will. Now China is neither an ally or enemy of the United States , but they are a major power with around 300 nuclear warheads and the largest army in the world  a fact many of our allies would consider before backing us in any war that might involve them. Trump would, as well, if he had any interest in averting World War III. But, as Trump says,  I love war. We call on all parties to refrain from provoking and threatening each other, whether in words or actions, and not let the situation get to an irreversible and unmanageable stage,  Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told reporters in Beijing, hoping to appeal to Trump s better nature and forgetting that he doesn t have one. If a war occurs, the result is a situation in which everybody loses and there can be no winner,  Yi added on Friday during a joint press conference with his French counterpart. Lately, tensions have risen with the US and [South Korea] on one side, and [North Korea] on the other, and one has the feeling that a conflict could break out at any moment,  Yi said, adding that the side provoking the conflict (Trump in this case or, more correctly, the taxpayers he represents) must assume the historic responsibility and pay the corresponding price. As the world worries about what Trump will do to satisfy his massive ego   especially after dropping the  mother of all bombs  recently   he seems nonplussed, spending his weekend golfing instead of worrying about the crisis he has helped exacerbate.Will Trump risk a world war and a gigantic hit to the United States  treasury? I think we all know the answer to that:  as soon as he is done golfing. Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)",0
1789," Jake Tapper STUNNED By Trump’s Stupidity, SHREDS His Denial Of Global Warming (VIDEO)","If there s one thing Donald Trump has an extremely hard time accepting, it s evidence and facts. It doesn t matter how much proven, scientifically backed data you put in front of the undeserving POTUS   his first impulse is to whine about how biased and dishonest the information is, even when it comes to something as serious and common sense as climate change.On Friday, CNN s Jake Tapper tore Trump a new one by making fun of his denial of what is happening to our environment. In a segment on Australia s Great Barrier Reef, Tapper mocked Trump for previously calling global warming a hoax invented by the Chinese. As Tapper spoke about coral bleaching and the effects that the rising temperatures have had on the Great Barrier Reef, Tapper stated that coral bleaching was  proof that climate change, at least partially man made, is destroying the planet,  noting that  once-colorful coral reefs off the coast of Australia are now being bleached white. Then Tapper made sure that no one forgot that the current President of the United States is an absolute moron. Perfectly explaining why Trump s climate change denial is devastating, Tapper said: This news comes at a time at a time President Trump has proposed cutting billions of dollars from programs to study and help combat the effects of climate change which in the past he s called a  Chinese hoax.  It is, of course, not a Chinese hoax. It s seriously depressing to know that the man in the White House has called climate change a hoax. At a time when we cannot trust our President to make decent decisions on behalf of our country (let alone the planet), we re lucky to have reporters like Tapper reminding us that denying facts has serious consequences. You can watch Tapper take Trump to the woodshed below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
1790, Democrats Just CRUSHED A Bunch Of Republicans In Illinois Because Of Backlash Against Trump,"The Democratic wave has commenced.In 2010, Republicans gloated about the Tea Party wave that gave them control of the House and have since been bragging about the conservative  wave  that gave them control of the Senate and the White House in 2016.But because of Donald Trump and his incompetence, Republicans are now staring at an oncoming Democratic wave that could sweep them out of power.Unlike the Republican wave, however, the Democratic wave has genuine grassroots support and it s looking more like a growing tsunami.In Illinois, Democrats demonstrated this firsthand by taking down a bunch of Republicans in local elections in places they had never won before.According to the Huffington Post,The city of Kankakee elected its first African-American, Democratic mayor. West Deerfield Township will be led entirely by Democrats for the first time. Elgin Township voted for  a complete changeover,  flipping to an all-Democratic board. Normal Township elected Democratic supervisors and trustees to run its board   the first time in more than 100 years that a single Democrat has held a seat. We had a pretty good day,  said Dan Kovats, executive director of the Illinois Democratic County Chairmen s Association.  We won in areas we normally would win, but we also won in areas Republicans never expected us to be competitive in. They were caught flat-footed. Republicans apparently thought their seats were safe and that they would be able to easily run over their opponents for victory. But that did not happen last week.Donald Trump has done such a horrible job since taking office that even people who voted for him are seeing the light and turning on him.Because as it turns out, Trump s policies are going to hurt conservatives more. His attempt to kill the Affordable Care Act would have stripped millions of Americans of their healthcare. Trump is also launching assaults on Social Security and Medicare, environmental protections, education, etc And it s only getting worse as Trump is now close to dragging America into more wars as more fighting breaks out in the Middle East and North Korea makes threats.Trump has repeatedly proven that he doesn t give a damn about the American people. He only cares about himself and Americans who never paid attention to politics before are waking up and getting involved.That brings us back to the wins by Illinois Democrats and the rising tide that could bury Republicans in 2018 if they don t reverse course fast.Democrats are literally running competitive races and winning in areas that are dominated by a conservative population.They should be striking fear in the hearts and minds of every Republican lawmaker across the country right now. Because if Democrats can win here, they can win anywhere and even Republicans in the most staunchly Republican stronghold are not safe.These may have been just some local elections but grassroots efforts are the tip of the spear.At the state level, Republicans have also been struggling to keep long-held seats. A Kansas special election almost turned into a win for Democrats if not for a last minute flood of cash into the race by the Republican Party.And Democrats in Georgia are running a winning anti-Trump campaign that could give them another seat in the House that had traditionally been held by the GOP.Republicans also got their asses handed to them in Delaware by a Democrat running a similar campaign.In short, Trump has poisoned the Republican Party and Republicans only have themselves to blame. They picked Trump to be their leader, and he is now the face of their party. Everything he does reflects on them and the American people are incredibly angry about what Trump has been doing to our nation over the last three months. He has made us a laughingstock around the world.However, Republicans won t be laughing when the 2018 Election rolls around. They ll be devastated. And so will Donald Trump, because a Democratic wave in 2018 means he s likely to be a failed one-term president.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1791, Trump HUMILIATED As China Roasts Him For Being An ‘Ignorant Child’ (DETAILS),"While Donald Trump is desperately trying to get the respect, and if not the respect, the attention through military might, of the media and the world, Chinese media is noticing. They think he s a joke.China hasn t been a fan of Trump since he first stepped into politics. He s a  big mouthed clown. In an editorial published this week, China s state-owned Global Times newspaper condemns the billionaire candidate as  big-mouthed  and  abusively forthright. Source: CNNThey called his election a  democracy malfunction. Opinion:@realDonaldTrump turn #election away from common sense,logic. #democracy malfunction https://t.co/23nDl1d5R0 pic.twitter.com/aMiYNCFw1g  China Xinhua News (@XHNews) March 4, 2016He s Mussolini or Hitler: The rise of a racist in the US political area worries the whole world,  the party-controlled Global Times crowed this week ahead of of Trump s victory in the latest round of primaries.  He has even been called another Benito Mussolini or Adolf Hitler by some western media. It added, darkly:  Mussolini and Hitler came to power through elections, a heavy lesson for western democracy. Source: The GuardianThey mocked Trump s spelling:On Sunday, the Chinese Communist Party linked Global Times newspaper questioned Trump s response in an editorial and highlighted his misspelling in the headline:  Unpresidented  Trump adds fuel to fire. He seemed emotionally upset, but no one knows what he wanted to say,  read the article.  Trump is not behaving as a President who will become master of the White House in a month. Source: TimeThe Communist paper, the Global Times, called him  ignorant as a child. Many people might be surprised at how the new U.S. leader is truly a  businessman  through-and-through,  the paper said, referring to Trump s suggestion of using the  one China  policy as a bargaining chip.  But in the field of diplomacy, he is as ignorant as a child. Source: Huffington PostAfter his complete 180 in regards to China being a currency manipulator, and Trump s attack on Syria, Chinese media really let him have it.How the news Trump won t label China a currency manipulator plays here:  Eating his words!   Trump slaps self in face, again  pic.twitter.com/sxeCvuwBcM  Te-Ping Chen (@tepingchen) April 13, 2017Their most frightening response, and perhaps their most precient, was applauding Trump s Syria attack, saying that it will mire the United States in the Middle East: If the United States gets trapped in Syria, how can Trump make America great again? As a result, China will be able to achieve its peaceful rise,  Mr. Shen said, using a term Beijing employs to characterize its growing power.  Even though we say we oppose the bombing, deep in our hearts we are happy. Source: New York TimesLet that sink in for a while. It was the exact same plan Osama bin Laden had for us. It almost worked.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1792, Agency Targets Trump In First Ever Protest From Space: ‘LOOK AT THAT YOU SON OF A BITCH’ (VIDEO),"This past January we all witnessed one of the largest, most significant protests in history as millions of people across the globe took part in the Women s March on Washington, but another group has a message for Donald Trump and has quite literally taken it to the next level.Showing support for the upcoming March for Science which will take place on Earth Day, April 22, the Autonomous Space Agency Network, or ASAN, has launched the first ever protest from space. While their protest doesn t physically include millions of people, you can bet that millions are supporting it as we are forced to watch Trump s administration withdraw funding from agencies like NASA s Earth Science program which was put in place to protect our planet from climate change, and don t forget that during Trump s presidential campaign, he vowed to do away with the Environmental Protection Agency, saying,  We re going to get rid of it in almost every form. Equipped with a giant tweet aimed directly at Trump, ASAN sent a weather balloon into the stratosphere, with one purpose in mind; To get Trump to look down at what he aims to destroy:.@realDonaldTrump:LOOK AT THAT, YOU SON OF A BITCHhttps://t.co/Vu7q2j8g1t pic.twitter.com/EU1obtes4q  ASAN (@ASANspace) April 12, 2017They followed up with this tweet, which we think is priceless:HOW MUCH DOES IT COST TO SEND A TWEET TO SPACE?2 Helium tanks: 300 160 cu.ft of helium: 160 Camera: 120 GPS: 100 Balloon: 70Total: $750 pic.twitter.com/FyzWucDGX2  ASAN (@ASANspace) April 13, 2017The scathing message sent to Trump was inspired by Apollo 14 astronaut Edgar Mitchell, who said, From out there on the Moon, international politics look so petty. You want to grab a politician by the scruff of the neck and drag him a quarter of a million miles out and say,  Look at that, you son of a b h.' Indeed. Take a break from trying to kill everyone and  LOOK at that, you son of a bitch! You can watch the video of the launch in its entirety here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1793, Anti-Defamation League LITERALLY Schools Sean Spicer; Offers To Be His Tutor On Holocaust (LETTER),"After White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer decided he would say Adolf Hitler wasn t as bad as Syrian President Assad,  as well as claim that Hitler never gassed his people, many people were outraged, and justifiably so.Either Spicer is an absolute moron, or he truly doesn t believe the atrocities that were committed by Nazi Germany to their own people, primarily those who were Jewish, and the people of neighboring regions.Offering to basically be Spicer s tutor on the Holocaust because he is so clearly a moron, the Anti-Defamation League s CEO Jonathan Greenblatt wrote the press secretary a letter.Here s the letter in full: Dear Mr. Spicer:This week Jews around the world have spent time with their families celebrating Passover, the feast of freedom. In the Passover liturgy, we read that in each generation there will be those who rise up to harm the Jewish people, much like Pharaoh in ancient times and Hitler in modern times. Understanding and being keenly aware of our history   to  never forget    is part of Passover and part of the Jewish experience.Unfortunately, when the first days of Passover ended and we turned on our phones and televisions yesterday evening, we learned about your comment that Hitler did not gas his own people. Your comparisons between Assad and Hitler were not only historically inaccurate but they also were inappropriate and offensive.While you have apologized, this week s incident as well as others (notably, the International Holocaust Remembrance Day statement omitting Jews and your vociferous defense of it), have exposed a serious gap in your knowledge of the Holocaust, its impact, and the lessons we can learn from it.For decades, ADL has been at the forefront of Holocaust education, providing trainings about the Nazi atrocities to a wide range of groups. We have conducted trainings for more than 130,000 law enforcement professionals and more than 35,447 educators, reaching more than 1,000,000 students. Our programs provide historical context for how the Holocaust was able to occur; teach the Holocaust as a human story; and create opportunities for critical thinking. Each of these educational programs focuses on the consequences of unchecked bigotry and hate.ADL would be happy to conduct one of these trainings at your convenience for you, your staff, and anyone at the White House who may need to learn more about the Holocaust. We know you are very busy, but we believe a few hours learning this history will help you understand where you went wrong and prevent you from making these mistakes in the future.Sincerely,Jonathan A. Greenblatt CEO Anti-Defamation League Hopefully, Spicer takes the ADL up on their offer and gets the education he so clearly needs. In addition, he still needs to be fired.Featured Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1794, Amazon Facing Mounting Pressure To Stop Funding Hate By Advertising On Breitbart (DETAILS),"A few years ago, very few people even knew what Breitbart.com was. It was a fringe website that only white supremacists and other bigots frequented, and the people who posted anonymously there almost certainly didn t voice their views publicly. All of that changed in 2015 when Donald Trump began running for president.Trump s campaign brought white supremacy mainstream, as he regularly retweeted neo-Nazis, refused to immediately disavow former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke, and readily embraced the white supremacist  alt-right.  Breitbart itself went completely mainstream when Stephen K. Bannon, who ran the place, left its stewardship to become Trump s campaign CEO.Now that Breitbart and its toxic brand of hate is literally steps from the Oval Office, people who are opposed to its hateful ideology are putting pressure on major retailers to pull their advertising dollars from the right-wing hate site. The latest to receive such pressure is online retail giant Amazon.According to The Hill, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos was asked by more than 500 of his employees via email to stop funding hate by advertising on Breitbart. In another exchange during a meeting, another high-ranking Amazon official, Jeff Blackburn, was asked point blank by an employee to kill the Breitbart advertising because the site  regularly publishes hateful and bigoted content.  One employee said the following of her experiences since people now know what Breitbart is: When people find out I work at Amazon, the first question they ask is - How can you justify working for Amazon when they advertise on a hate site?' Now, Amazon is being heckled from outside its own ranks as well.More than 500,000 signatures have been accumulated on a petition that demands Amazon stop investing in hate  via its Breitbart advertising.Perhaps the most effective effort will come from the social media activist group Sleeping Giant, which has successfully gotten more than 1,800 companies to cease and desist with the Breitbart advertising. Major companies that caved to the pressure include BMV, Nordstrom (the company that infamously yanked Ivanka s clothing line), and Kellogg.Keep the pressure on, folks. Boycotts and bad headlines work. Personally, I ll be using jet.com until Amazon gets its act together.Featured image via screen capture from Talk Android",0
1795," Here’s How Trump Is Going To F*CK Us Into WWIII, And It Doesn’t Actually Start In The Middle East","Has anybody ever wondered whether all these acts of war, including the MOAB we just dropped on Afghanistan, are just distractions from the growing Russia scandal? Considering the fact that he won t say whether he actually authorized the MOAB strike, it s not too far-fetched to wonder if this was to distract us from news that our intelligence community may have concrete information showing his campaign colluded with Russia during the election.But the MOAB we just dropped on Afghanistan may not be all. Trump is threatening North Korea, too, in a more direct way than saying,  See my giant penis bomb? You shouldn t mess with me. We already sent a strike force across the Pacific to intimidate Kim Jong Un, who s been shooting missiles into the Sea of Japan lately. North Korea is now talking about conducting a nuclear test within the next few days, and the Trump administration has threatened to hit them with Tomahawks if they do so.But that s not all   there may well be an attempt to get  boots on the ground  in North Korea as well:The intelligence officials told NBC News that the U.S. has positioned two destroyers capable of shooting Tomahawk cruise missiles in the region, one just 300 miles from the North Korean nuclear test site.American heavy bombers are also positioned in Guam to attack North Korea should it be necessary, and earlier this week, the Pentagon announced that the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier strike group was being diverted to the area.The U.S. strike could include missiles and bombs, cyber and special operations on the ground.Because that s totally the way to cow a foreign power. North Korea has warned that if we launch a pre-emptive strike against them, they could launch a nuke at us. Hot air? Maybe. But it would be better for Trump to take it seriously than strut around with his penis peacock feathers on full display right up until they actually do it.If dropping the biggest non-nuclear bomb in our arsenal isn t enough to scare them, then nothing will be. If we launch missiles at North Korea in a pre-emptive strike for a nuclear test, we ve committed an act of war, and no matter how we justify it, we ve made ourselves a threat to the entire world by provoking a nuclear power.And North Korea may or may not retaliate directly against us. While they ve threatened to  hit the U.S. first,  with a nuke should we strike, they might decide to hit South Korea, or even Japan, in retaliation for such an attack. In fact, Japan is worried that North Korea could send missiles tipped with sarin gas warheads their way. Sarin gas is the gas that Assad used on his people last week.In other words, Trump s aggressive actions have consequences he doesn t seem to understand. He s a macho peacock strutting around trying to convince the world that he s a bad-ass with a giant penis military at his disposal. Our military is not a toy, and bombs are not a toy, and neither are signals of strength in the situations in which Trump is using them. He needs to go. He s the biggest threat to the world we ve seen in decades.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1796, Democrats Demand Jared Kushner Be Stripped Of Security Clearance,"Donald Trump s son-in-law and senior advisor, Jared Kushner, conveniently forgot to mention a slew of foreign contacts, including several meetings with high-profile Russian operatives, when he applied for his security clearance. Now, Democrats are demanding that Kushner s security clearance be revoked in light of his failure to disclose the meetings.Five House Democrats penned a letter to FBI Director James Comey and National Background Investigations Director Charles Phalen on Thursday, calling for Kushner to lose his security clearance. Mr. Kushner s lack of candor about meetings with Russian officials appears to be part of a larger pattern of dissembling and deception on Russian contacts from the Trump team, and we believe the public deserves the truth about what connection, if any, exists between these incidents,  they wrote.The letter was signed by Don Beyer of Virginia, Ted Lieu of California, Jerrold Nadler of New York, Jamie Raskin of Maryland and Peter Welch of Vermont. The Democrats said they were particularly concerned about an article in the New York Times that reported Kushner had  omitted dozens of contacts with foreign leaders.  They noted that this story did not receive the scrutiny it deserved. The lawmakers added a reminder that  falsifying or concealing information on a SF-86 questionnaire is a felony, punishable by up to five years in prison. Given the severity of the allegations and still unanswered questions about this administration s recently uncovered covert dealings with Russian government and intelligence officials, we are requesting that Mr. Kushner s interim top-secret security clearance be suspended pending a review of Mr. Kushner s compliance with the laws and regulation governing security clearance. The Democrats are also calling on Kushner to make public all of the meetings he had during the time of Trump s transition.According to Kushner s aides, he has been under an  interim  security clearance so far while the FBI has been gathering information on him. Kushner is also set to face an interview with Senate Intelligence Committee regarding his contacts with Russia.Via screen shotFeatured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
1797," This Guy Predicted Trump’s Win, And What He Has To Say Now Should TERRIFY Republicans","The media, and to a certain extent, the pollsters, got it seriously wrong when they predicted an easy win for Hillary Clinton in last year s election. Okay, technically it was, but our Electoral College said otherwise. One professor, though, warned the United States that Trump was going to win. Now, that same professor is predicting that Trump will be impeached.Allan Lichtman, a professor at American University, reached meme-status last fall for predicting long before anyone else that Trump would win, using a formula based on the popularity of the party in control of the White House that accurately predicted the eight previous presidential elections. Now Lichtman wants everyone to pay attention to the rest of what came through his crystal ball   that Trump will now be impeached.Source: PoliticoTrump, naturally, loved Lichtman s initial prediction. #45 Elect even sent him a note. Taking time out of preparing to become the world s most powerful leader, he wrote me a personal note, saying  Professor   Congrats   good call,  Lichtman writes in  The Case for Impeachment,  an advance copy of which was shared with POLITICO.  What Trump overlooked, however, was my  next big prediction : that, after winning the presidency, he would be impeached. Trump, of course, didn t investigate any further. If he had, he would realize that Lichtman may have predicted Trump, but that doesn t mean he supports him. In fact, he calls the despot (my word)  an existential threat to humanity. Lichtman s list of possible offenses that could get Trump to that point are familiar: charges of treason with Russia, abuse of power and emoluments violations. Lichtman also cites now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions, then a senator, who argued that a president could be impeached for offenses committed before he took office. Among those potential offenses, Lichtman lists Trump s housing violations, charity problems, potential violations of the Cuba embargo and Trump University.It s all part of a brief   designed to be damning   tour through Trump s history. It includes section headings like  Trump Towers Become Vacant Lots  and  Lying His Way to the Presidency.  It eventually leads Lichtman to the conclusion that Trump might serve himself up for impeachment:  Trump s disregard for lying in sworn testimony, examined in the context of the Bill Clinton precedent, shows how Trump s opponents could set an impeachment trap for him through a civil lawsuit. It wouldn t take much. If Democrats regain the House in 2018, Trump s impeachment is all but guaranteed, but even now, if enough Republicans turn on him, it could easily happen.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1798, Australia’s Ex-Foreign Minister Responds To Trump’s Failing Presidency; America Should Listen (VIDEO),"At this point in Donald Trump s pathetic, failing presidency, it is no surprise that officials from other countries want nothing to do with him or America. The country has been humiliated beyond belief as the orange child in the White House unleashes his reckless behavior on the world, and top officials are doing their best to do damage control.This week, Gareth Evans, the former Foreign Minister of Australia, sent out a major warning about Trump and urged Australia to gain more independence away from the United States thanks to Trump s trigger-happy behavior and recent attack on Syria. Evans railed against Trump in his speech to Australia s National Press Club, calling Trump manifestly the most ill-informed, under-prepared, ethically challenged and psychologically ill-equipped president in US history. Evans correctly observed that Trump should not be trusted to deliver consistent, coherent, constructive and cohesive outcomes over the next four years.  The former Australia Foreign Minster added: Personally driven by instinct and impulse, unhampered by knowledge or judgement, he has led an administration acting so far manifestly on the basis of postures, not of policies. Evans urged Australia to depend more on itself and partners in Asia than on the United States, as Trump has made a partnership with America far too risky. Evans said: We should have learned that lesson after Iraq in 2003. You can watch Evans blast Trump s dangerous behavior below:Americans should be seriously considering what other world leaders and important officials are saying about Trump. The fact that the rest of the world is horrified by what they see should be setting off red flags even among Trump s own supporters. Never before have we seen such a response from the world, as Trump threatens to ruin everything he can get his tiny hands on. Evans  words are brutal, but deep down we know they re all true.Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
1799, Trump Administration In FREE FALL After ‘Concrete Evidence’ Linking Trump To Russia Emerges (DETAILS),"Donald Trump s undeserved time in the White House may soon come to a gloriously relieving end as one of his biggest scandals threatens to blow up in his face.According to a source close to the investigation examining the ties between Russia and the Trump campaign, there is now specific concrete and corroborative evidence  that Trump s inner circle colluded with Russian operatives during the presidential election. The Guardian reported that the U.K. s Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ), which has been watching over the Trump campaign since 2015, has noted several shady  interactions  going on between Trump s people and Russian agents.The GCHQ hadn t been necessarily looking for this information but picked it up during routine surveillance. It wasn t long before other intelligence agencies began to see the same pattern. The U.S. also received information from the  Five Eyes  alliance (U.S., U.K., Canada, Australia and New Zealand) and European agencies in Germany, Estonia, and Poland. The Guardian reported: It is understood that GCHQ was at no point carrying out a targeted operation against Trump or his team or proactively seeking information. The alleged conversations were picked up by chance as part of routine surveillance of Russian intelligence assets. Over several months, different agencies targeting the same people began to see a pattern of connections that were flagged to intelligence officials in the US. With all of this gathered intelligence taken into consideration, the source close to the investigation said: They now have specific concrete and corroborative evidence of collusion. This is between people in the Trump campaign and agents of [Russian] influence relating to the use of hacked material. They [the European agencies] were saying:  There are contacts going on between people close to Mr Trump and people we believe are Russian intelligence agents. You should be wary of this.  The message was:  Watch out. There s something not right.' As this investigation continues and collusion is confirmed, we might be looking at the end of Trump and his corrupt administration.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
1800," GOP Pundit Compared Trump’s Healthcare Disaster To Martin Luther King, Jr.; He Quickly Regretted It (VIDEO)","Being a pro-Trump pundit must be a tough racket right now. Between his lies, his ignorance and his bungling of nearly everything he touches, it takes a special kind of person to defend #45.Well, former Reaganite Jeffrey Lord has his work cut out for him, but he went completely out on a limb Wednesday when he called Trump the Martin Luther King of healthcare. One of the panelists on CNN Thursday morning happened to be African-American commentator Symone Sanders. As you can imagine, things did not go well for Lord.In a segment discussing the president s plans for Obamacare, Lord called Trump  the Martin Luther King of health care.  Sanders interjected with an  Oh Jeffrey,  but Lord went on,  When I was a kid, President Kennedy did not want to introduce the Civil Rights bill because he said it wasn t popular, he didn t have the votes for it. Dr. King kept putting people in the streets in harm s way to put the pressure on. That s when Sanders stepped in to quash his metaphor:Okay Jeffrey. You do understand that Dr. King was marching for Civil Rights because people that looked like me were being beaten? Dogs were being sicced on them? Basic human rights were being withheld from these people merely because of the color of their skin? So let s not equate Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.   a humanitarian, a Nobel Peace Prize winner   to the vagina-grabbing President Donald Trump.Source: NY MagazineHere s the video:Posting without comment. #healthcare pic.twitter.com/dspY5BLfuV  Symone D. Sanders (@SymoneDSanders) April 13, 2017Republicans absolutely hate everything Martin Luther King stood for (peace and equality), but they loooove to invoke his name whenever it suits their agenda. In fact, they love to say that King was a Republican. He certainly wasn t then, and now that the Republican party has become the neo-confederate party, there s no way in hell.Featured image via video screen capture",0
1801, Is Nothing Sacred? Ivanka Trump’s Passover Family Photo Has Been Exposed As A Fake,"There are big scandals   like Trump s ties to Russia, his repeated flaunting of conflict of interest violations, the nepotism   and then there are small ones. It s the small ones that are most disturbing because of how completely avoidable they are. The Trump family just assumes you re too stupid to notice.Here s a particularly galling example:Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump released a family photo during Passover. That, in and of itself, wouldn t be newsworthy except for the fact that it was a much-needed break from the Trump administration s repugnant treatment of the Jewish community. Kushner s Jewish faith is extremely important to Trump because his staff is rife with anti-Semitic thinkers.Trump s advisor Steve Bannon is a life-long anti-Semite, whose own wife once said he refused to allow his daughters to attend a school with Jewish kids. Trump s Press Secretary Sean Spicer went on a nonsensical Holocaust denial rant and only apologized hours later when the nation of Israel openly said he needed to resign. Trump s inner circle includes a guy who pledged an oath of loyalty to a pro-fascist Nazi-allied group. In the middle of all of this, Trump no-showed on a Passover seder dinner the White House hosted.So a photograph of Trump s daughter and son-in-law, two key members of his team, celebrating a Jewish holiday might send a positive message to the country. However, like clockwork, even Kushner s Passover family photo quickly turned into something offensive.It turns out that the photo was not, in fact, taken during his Passover celebration. It is an old photo taken on what seems like the Sunday after the inauguration. CNN s Betsy Klein noticed that fact when she realized the entire Trump clan was wearing the same outfits they were photographed in during services at the National Cathedral.It appears the Passover Trump-Kushner family photo was taken the Sunday after inauguration following services at the National Cathedral: pic.twitter.com/p0htM7V8Pi  Betsy Klein (@betsy_klein) April 13, 2017Just so incredibly lazy. And unfortunately, that s the message they are sending.Featured image via Twitter",0
1802, ‘It’s Bullcrap:’ GOP Rep Claims Taxpayers Don’t Pay His Salary (VIDEO),"Rep. Markwayne Mullin (R-Okla.) held a town hall earlier this week and it did not go well for him. The Republican congressman told his constituents that taxpayers don t pay his salary and saying otherwise is  bullcrap. You say you pay for me to do this? That s bullcrap,  video shows Mullin saying. I pay for myself. I paid enough taxes before I got here and continue to through my company to pay my own salary. This is a service. No one here pays me to go,  he added.Go figure, no one was impressed with his remarks. When his constituents pushed back, Mullin tried to spin his comments, saying,  this is a service for me, not a career, and I thank God this is not how I make my living. Amy Lawrence, Mullin s spokeswoman, told the press that he was just trying to say that he doesn t want to be a  career politician,  that s all. The congressman reiterates in the video that his work as the representative of the Second District of Oklahoma is a service,  Lawrence said. His aspiration is to be a career legislator and not a career politician. He is not, nor does he ever aspire to be, a career politician. His priority will always be to serve his constituents to the best of his ability. Mullins owns Mullin Plumbing, a lucrative company with multiple smaller subsidiaries. But comprehending exactly how this negates the salary he earns as a congressman requires a special type of mental gymnastics. For the record, base pay for a U. S. congressman is $174,000.The good news for Mullin is that after telling his constituents that they don t pay his salary, he probably won t have to worry about the possibility of becoming a career politician.You can watch Mullin sabotage his career below: Featured image via Wikipedia",0
1803, GOP Rep Gets RIPPED APART After Saying Sean Spicer Was Right About Hitler,"On Wednesday, GOP Rep. Kevin Cramer opened his mouth and inserted his foot so deep that the nation s top doctors will still be trying to remove it when he inevitably loses his next election in a landslide. According to Cramer, Sean Spicer was kinda right when he presented some  alternative facts  regarding the Holocaust   specifically, his claim that Adolf Hitler didn t use chemical weapons (not even in concentration camps or, as Spicer calls them,  Holocaust centers. The media is so gullible, they fall for these things because they think it s really hot stuff and the public just can t wait to stick it to Sean Spicer   who 99% of the people wouldn t have the foggiest idea who he is and it distracts them from other things,  Cramer told conservative radio North Dakota radio host Scott Hennen.  I can t even believe that anybody in the media, much less all of the major networks, led with this story. A spokesperson, who by the way made a poor illustration, but it s not completely, it s not without some validity. I think he apologized and that s the end of it, Cramer said, as though denying the Holocaust can be fixed with a fauxpology.  I think what he was saying is that Hitler didn t take chemical weapons out in a battle-like form and do what Assad did with these children. It s a factual statement,  Cramer says.What Spicer actually said was that Adolf Hitler didn t use chemical weapons, which makes him better than Assad: We didn t use chemical weapons in World War II. You had a, someone who is as despicable as Hitler who didn t even sink to using chemical weapons. He later explained that he acknowledges that Hitler took Jewish people to  Holocaust centers  but that Hitler was not using the gas on his own people the same way that Assad is doing. How are people responding to this? Well, let s just say that the  Sean Spicer was right that Hitler was a good dude compared to Assad  strategy isn t working out for him:North Dakota Rep. Kevin Cramer is a full blown idiot. Or a Nazi. Or both.  Pinder Binder (@PinderBinder) April 13, 2017Me: I don't think anyone can top Sean Spicer.Kevin Cramer: hold my be .Me: NO! I'm already holding Spicer's & United's & Pepsi's. https://t.co/nCDjwpKY4p  Matt Baldwin (@mattycantfail) April 13, 2017@CNNPolitics Missed Germans developed nerve gas and basic World History in high school did you @kevincramer  Meg Yarbrough (@meg_yarbrough) April 13, 2017@CNN @kevincramer what in the ever-loving hell is wrong with you? You do not belong in a position of leadership.  Tara Jepsen (@captaindingbat) April 12, 2017Everyone, please join me in faxing images of Hitler's gas chambers to Holocaust denying Rep. Kevin Cramer. https://t.co/DyUWVIhmmZ pic.twitter.com/4brVQxOxoM  taylor h. brogan (@thbrogan) April 12, 2017It s not very often you get to see someone dig his own grave, but Cramer did just that. Remember his name, folks in North DakotaFeatured image via screengrab",0
1804, Bernie Sanders: Trump’s Dreams Of A Second Term Will Go Up In Smoke,"Sen. Bernie Sanders says that he doesn t think it s likely that Donald Trump will be reelected to a second term now that the American people have had a chance to see what he s really about. Speaking in New York, the Vermont Senator said he thinks that Trump will be a one-term president. In terms of the first three months in office, Donald Trump is the least popular president in the history of polling,  Sanders said. I do not believe that if Trump continues these policies that he s going to be reelected. Nor do I think that the Republicans are going to do well in 2018. Sanders explained that a wave of progressivism has taken hold and is sweeping across the country. This, he added, does not bode well for conservatives. The momentum right now is with the progressive movement in this country,  Sanders said.  And I think the Republicans are on the defensive and will be on the defensive increasingly. The senator offered up Tuesday s special election in Kansas to replace now-CIA Director Mike Pompeo as an example of this trend. Although it was a deep red district that Trump won hands down in the presidential election, Republican candidate Ron Estes just barely managed to scrape by with a narrow win over civil rights attorney James Thompson (D). The Republicans had to spend money like crazy at the end to beat him,  Sanders said.  I think that s a very good omen for the future. Judging by the way the beginning of Trump s presidency has gone, you have to wonder if Trump will even get the chance to run for reelection. The FBI and both houses of Congress are investigating the probability that he colluded with Russia to steal the election. If he is found to have committed treason, he will most likely end up impeached and may have to worry more about a prison term than a second term.Featured image via Scott Eisen/Getty Images",0
1805, WATCH: Reporter Calls Kellyanne Conway And Her Lies ‘The Darkness’ – Her Reply Is INSANELY Ironic,"Everyone knows by now just how fast and loose Kellyanne Conway is with her words. She pioneered  alternative facts.  She claimed that the U.S. had never gone as long without a Treasury Secretary as we did with Trump. She made up an entire terrorist attack. She said that microwaves turn into cameras. And somehow, people still want to talk to her.Some in the press have started seeing her as  the darkness,  because she s such a purveyor of misinformation. That word,  darkness,  refers to the Washington Post s front page motto,  Democracy dies in darkness.  Michael Wolff, a reporter for the Hollywood Reporter, told her: I m going to tell you, when they say  democracy dies in darkness,  you re the darkness. So the Washington Post (and Wolff) is calling her and other purveyors of lies out in their front-page motto. Conway s response was to first say,  I m not the darkness! Then she said: It s what I tell small children: Just because somebody says something doesn t make it true, and it s a great lesson for everyone. Miss Bowling Green Massacre is defending herself against accusations of lies by pointing out that people lie. The irony! It hurts! But it gets even better: You can turn on the TV   more than you can read in the paper because I assume editors are still doing their jobs in most places   and people literally say things that just aren t true. Yes, primarily Fox News and those that like Trump. And herself. Someone needs to get Glass House here to say all of this again while looking in a mirror.Watch below:.@MichaelWolffNYC:  Democracy dies in darkness. You re the darkness. @KellyannePolls:  I m not the darkness.  https://t.co/dChswXBtLh pic.twitter.com/2CnvLshNpH  CNN (@CNN) April 12, 2017Featured image via video screen capture ",0
1806, Republican Compares Lincoln To Hitler; This Time It Wasn’t Sean Spicer,"Whitewashing Hitler and the Holocaust seems to be all the rage among today s Republicans. There was the time when the White House remembered the Holocaust on Holocaust Remembrance Day, but forgot to mention the Jews, at all. Yesterday, Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Hitler didn t use chemical weapons. He s been trying, and failing, at backtracking ever since. Now, a Republican in North Carolina, on his Facebook page, compared Abraham Lincoln to Hitler.It was a comment by GOP Legislator Larry Pittman. He posted his newsletter on Facebook, and among the rest of the hate, he commented this to a person telling him to  get over  the Supreme Court ruling that made same-sex marriage the law of the land (something he hopes to overturn, at the state level):And if Hitler had won, should the world just get over it? Lincoln was the same sort if tyrant, and personally responsible for the deaths of over 800,000 Americans in a war that was unnecessary and unconstitutional.Obviously, his followers let him have it, but perhaps the best answer was this one:The Civil War was unnecessary and unconstitutional? What on earth were you thinking? The Republican Party used to be   proudly   called the Party of Lincoln. I have no idea what to call it now, at least that could be repeated in polite company.Couldn t NC Rep #LarryPittman find someone else to compare #Hitler to rather than #Lincoln ? @maddow #ncpol https://t.co/4sjhsCHPOs pic.twitter.com/LLSQv6y47q  Indy Week (@indyweek) April 12, 2017Pittman clearly has no idea whatsoever what the Constitution says or he would not be putting forth a bill that would try to nullify federal law. That is against the Constitution. Now, so is slavery, although I m sure that s something else Pittman would like to nullify.Racism is nothing new for Pittman. Like Donald Trump, he was a birther. He said this about President Obama: Someone had posted something [on Facebook] with a picture of Barack Obama and across it said  traitor,    Pittman said.  And, you know, I don t always agree with the guy, I certainly didn t vote for him but I gotta defend him on this one. I just don t think it s right at all to call Barack Obama a traitor. There s a lot of things he s done wrong but he is not a traitor. Not as far as I can tell. I haven t come across any evidence yet that he has done one thing to harm Kenya. Source: MSNBCBut hey, this is Trump s country now. It s totally cool these days to let your racist flag fly high. Double points if that flag belongs to the Confederacy.Image of Hitler via BBC | Image of Lincoln via Wikipedia.",0
1807, WATCH: Trump’s Attorney Flat-Out ADMITS Trump Admin Just Too Intellectually Lazy To Study Facts,"Trump s Syrian policy is all over the place, to the point where The Economist actually published a story saying,  Wanted: a coherent Syria policy.  Trump s position was  let Syria handle its own problems,  right up until Assad dropped sarin gas on his people. It wasn t until the images of poisoned children started coming in that he decided we needed to respond. Why?Trump s attorney, Michael Cohen, appeared on CNN with Chris Cuomo to discuss President Flip-Flop s new Syria policy. Cuomo asked why Trump would shift from a hands-off-Syria policy to an intervene-now policy, and Cohen s response was downright frightening: When we were watching, whether it was here on CNN or any of the other stations, the Syrian refugees that were leaving, they weren t the young. They weren t the aged. They weren t women. They were all these 19 to 25-year-old men that when they were walking to these makeshift homes in Germany that they put up for them, it looked like a military operation. Cuomo responded by saying that those videos were selective, and the numbers and facts painted a very different picture of the refugees coming out of Syria.  Yes, you have young men, but those refugees are the same people that the president is saying he cares so much about. Cuomo is referring to the sheer hypocrisy of this administration s current Syria policy: Assad is gassed his own people, including women and children, but Trump doesn t want to accept the refugees Assad s regime creates. Unfortunately, that didn t sway Cohen, who doubled down on the idea that misleading videos are more reliable than data and facts:CUOMO: Yeah, the question is, why were people picking those videos? Was it misleading? The data would say yes.COHEN: But maybe it wasn t misleading. Maybe it was more of the reality, what was going on.CUOMO: No, but the numbers, Michael, say it s not the reality.COHEN: Again, I don t want to start talking about numbers. Numbers have not proven to suit me well.And there it is: Cohen and Trump and probably a large chunk of the entire administration is too intellectually lazy to try and understand facts and data.Watch the full exchange below:Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
1808, Trump Campaign Manager Registering As Foreign Agent After Lobbying For Russian Interests,"Donald Trump s former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, is now retroactively registering as a foreign agent   the new term for  traitor,  apparently   after the water got a bit too hot with regard to his lobbying efforts on behalf of a pro-Putin Ukranian party.BREAKING: Spokesman says former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort is registering with US gov't as foreign agent.  The Associated Press (@AP) April 12, 2017According to a Manafort spokesman his work on behalf of the European Centre for a Modern Ukraine which sought to promote Vladimir Putin s agenda in Washington, began before he joined the Trump campaign, though it is not clear if The Donald knew about this when he hired him. Of course, it is unlikely that The Donald would have cared given his response to Michael Flynn s work on behalf of foreign powers (he kept Flynn around until he was practically forced to get rid of him). The Associated Press reports:A Washington lobbying firm that worked under the direction of two former Trump campaign advisers has registered with the Justice Department as a foreign agent. The firm said its work could have benefited the Ukrainian government.The Podesta Group s cited details of lobbying it performed from 2012 through 2014 on behalf of the European Centre for a Modern Ukraine. The firm reported being paid more than $1.2 million for the effort.The disclosure follows reporting by the AP in August that the firm of former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and his deputy, Rick Gates, who served in a senior role in the Trump campaign, had overseen the lobbying effort. The effort sought to promote a pro-Russian Ukrainian political party s interests in Washington.This is now the second person associated with Donald Trump s team who has retroactively registered as a foreign agent.Something is rotten in the state of Denmark err, the United States.Featured image via screengrab",0
1809, Trump Surrogate: Carter Page Being A Russian Agent Isn’t Evidence Of ‘Collusion’ (VIDEO),"If you haven t heard, former Trump advisor Carter Page was the subject of a successfully-executed FISA warrant because of his dealings with Russia. Former FBI agent Asha Rangappa notes that the bar to obtain a warrant is extremely high and that the process of obtaining one  includes too many layers of approval to be granted without strong evidence.  Nevertheless, Trump and his associates continue to complain that members of his campaign and administration became the subject of investigations because of their illegal activity.On Tuesday, the Washington Post reported that Page became the focus of an investigation because a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court judge was thoroughly convinced that there was  probable cause to believe Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power, in this case Russia. Appearing on CNN, braindead Trump lemming Kayleigh McEnany worked hard to dispel any idea that Page colluding with Russia is evidence that members of the campaign colluding with Russia. I don t think it s evidence of the Trump campaign colluding with Russia at all,  she said.  He was a brief adviser on the campaign, and the campaign [was] trying to distance themselves from him.  In reality, Page was one of the first foreign policy advisors Trump named. But look, I don t think we have any evidence to suggest that President Trump knew that this guy was a foreign agent, and he wanted him on his campaign because he wanted to collude with Russia,  he said.  That is another step that you have to make, and I don t think there are facts there to show that. Here s the thing: whether or not Trump knew is a nonissue. When Trump was warned about Michael Flynn s shady dealing with Russia, he brushed it off and kept the disgraced General on as national security advisor. He even fired the person who warned him. It would not have mattered to Trump if he knew about Page, because for some reason it s cool to work with Russia under President* Trump.Watch the interview below:Featured image via screengrab",0
1810, Trump Attacks James Comey For Not Jailing Clinton: ‘She Was Guilty Of Every Charge’ (VIDEO),"In an interview with Fox Business that aired Tuesday, Donald Trump responded to news that the FBI had successfully obtained a FISA warrant to look into his former advisor Carter Page by trashing James Comey for not locking Hillary Clinton up. Sure, Clinton did not commit any crimes and was never charged with anything, but according to Trump she is GUILTY GUILTY GUILTY. When Jim Comey came out, he saved Hillary Clinton. He saved her life, Trump said, apparently forgetting that a certain letter from Comey helped swing the election his way. When he was reading those charges, she was guilty of every charge, and then he said she was essentially OK. Nevertheless, for some reason Trump says he trusts Comey to clear him with regard to Russia.Trump also complained that he is understaffed because of  obstructionist  Democrats and other things that prevent him from accomplishing what he wants   like  the law.  In reality, the problem is that The Donald isn t actually nominating people. Democrats have only  obstructed  when there was a legitimate objection, like that the person worked with Russia or is a white supremacist.Trump told Fox that he still believes he was correct when he accused President Obama of  tapping  his  wires  at Trump Tower because numerous members of his administration were and are under investigation by the FBI for their illegal activities (many involving Russia). While it is true that Trump Tower was monitored years ago, it had more to do with the Russian money laundering operation that was happening three floors below Trump s penthouse than anything else. Over 30 Russian mobsters were indicted as a result of the investigation.Watch the interview below:Featured image via screengrab",0
1811, Trump Brags About The ‘Beautiful Chocolate Cake’ He Was Eating When He Attacked Syria (VIDEO),"Trump, channeling Marie Antoinette, decided to share how he spent the moments leading up to committing an act of war against Syria: He was in Mar-a-Lago s dining room eating  the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake. True to form, Trump couldn t help but brag about the quality of dessert he was eating while relaying his war story to Fox s Maria Bartiromo who got an exclusive sit down with Trump to talk about his impulsive decision to take the country to the brink of war.Trump, who advocates cutting food programs for disadvantaged school children, thought America would want to know how great the Mar-a-Lago cakes are. I was sitting at the table, we had finished eating, we were now having dessert. And we had the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake that you ve ever had. Words failing him, Trump outstretched his hands and gave an approximate size. Since he s a big boy and was behaving well at dinner, Trump got an extra bigly slice of chocolate cake. He was also quick to note that the President of China loved the chocolate cake. It s now been 30 seconds since he was asked to describe his order to attack Syria. He hadn t mentioned the country once.In fact, when Trump gets around to describing the country he just attacked he calls it Iraq. Maria quickly clarifies that he means Syria.At least he got the flavor of cake right, if not the country, right?Trump says he told President Xi about US missile strikes in Syria over  the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake  pic.twitter.com/CTKtXBl9nI  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) April 12, 2017Featured image via Twitter",0
1812," FBI Releases DAMNING Information About Russian Collusion, Trump TERRIFIED","The Washington Post reported Tuesday that former Trump advisor Carter Page was one of the members of the Trump campaign who were monitored by the FBI because of their communications with Russia. As part of an investigation into the campaign that long predates Director James Comey s infamous  Clinton email  letter that helped swing the election in Donald Trump s favor, a judge granted the Bureau s request   a decision that is not made lightly:The FBI and the Justice Department obtained the warrant targeting Carter Page s communications after convincing a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court judge that there was probable cause to believe Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power, in this case Russia, according to the officials.This is the clearest evidence so far that the FBI had reason to believe during the 2016 presidential campaign that a Trump campaign adviser was in touch with Russian agents. Such contacts are now at the center of an investigation into whether the campaign coordinated with the Russian government to swing the election in Trump s favor.Page says that the real story isn t the fire   it s that people reported the fire. This confirms all of my suspicions about unjustified, politically motivated government surveillance,  Page told the Post, failing to mention that a judge would not have granted the warrant if there was not already convincing evidence it was necessary.  I have nothing to hide. Ever since his administration began leaking like a colander, Trump and his crew have been working overtime to convince the American people that the information itself is unimportant (no matter how important it is), that the real problem is that someone is telling us about it. Page, of course, is no exception.The FBI officials did not reveal if the investigation uncovered evidence of a crime, but Page and the rest of the crew are acting very, very guilty.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)",0
1813, New York Daily News Cover SAVAGES White House For Spicer’s Hitler Gaffe (IMAGE),"The New York Daily News is not known for subtlety when it comes to its covers. The snarky newspaper pulled no punches when it came to using its cover to go after White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer for calling concentration camps  Holocaust Centers  and invoking Nazi butcher Adolf Hitler when talking about Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad. Wednesday morning s cover reads: Nazis murdered 2.7 million Jews, gassing 6,000 a day in Auschwtiz alone FORGOTTEN BY WHITE HOUSE Here is the image of that cover via New York Daily News Twitter:Of course, The New York Daily News isn t the first to go after Spicer for these remarks. The Anne Frank Center has called on Donald Trump to fire Spicer, as has House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi. Further, this is part of a disturbing pattern of anti-Semitism from Team Trump. During the campaign he regularly retweeted white supremacists, most infamously when he tweeted a picture of Hillary Clinton over a pile of money with a Star of David that said,  Most Corrupt Candidate Ever.  This tweet caused such an uproar that House Speaker Paul Ryan was forced to speak out about it. After he was elected, Trump s White House deliberately left any mention of Jewish people out of their Holocaust Remembrance Day statement. And, of course, no one can forget that we have avowed white supremacists working in the West Wing.To that end, if this administration doesn t want to be called bigots, they need to stop acting like it. Get rid of the racists, homophobes, xenophobes, and other assorted overtly bigoted people.Don t hold your breath on that one, though. We ll have four years of this kind of stuff. The only silver lining may be that in the end, the GOP can no longer say that they don t traffic in bigotry, since it s right there in the White House for all to see, while their party is in charge.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1814, Chelsea Clinton Has A Little Advice For Sean Spicer After He Defends Hitler,"White House Secretary Sean Spicer decided to rewrite history on Tuesday, arguing that Adolf Hitler wasn t such a bad guy after all because he didn t use chemical weapons like Assad. While most of us were facepalming and shouting  gas chambers,  Chelsea Clinton stepped forward with a classy tweet offering Spicey a little advice. I hope @PressSec takes time to visit @HolocaustMuseum,  the former first daughter tweeted this afternoon.  It s a few blocks away,  she added helpfully.I hope @PressSec takes time to visit @HolocaustMuseum. It s a few blocks away. https://t.co/24fNoMUyS8  Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) April 11, 2017Spicer made his humiliating comments on Tuesday, which also happens to be the day Jews are celebrating the Passover seder. He was trying to convince the world that Donald Trump was right to bomb Syria but only ended up proving that he s a total idiot.When Spicer was called out on his ridiculous assertion that Hitler didn t gas millions of people in concentration camps, he grabbed a shovel and dug his hole deeper. Passing the point of no return, the press secretary argued that Hitler didn t gas his own people, just the Jews. And apparently, they don t count.Everybody except Trump s loyal base of anti-Semitic holocaust deniers knows that Spicer s version of history is a long, long way from the truth and it may be the worst excuse ever used to justify military action.People are justifiably outraged. The Anne Frank Center issued a statement calling for Spicer s resignation.  Spicer s statement is the most evil slur upon a group of people we have ever heard from a White House press secretary,   said Steven Goldstein, the organization s executive director.  Sean Spicer now lacks the integrity to serve  and  President Trump must fire him at once,  he added.Spicer would be wise to take Clinton s advice and study up a little on the holocaust before the next time he decides to spout off about what a swell guy Hitler was.Featured image via Marcus Ingram/Getty Images",0
1815, New Trump Comments Confirm That Bannon Could Be On His Way OUT (DETAILS),"There have been weeks of reports that White House Chief Strategist Stephen K. Bannon and Senior Adviser and Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner have been at each other s throats. Reportedly, the infighting is so bad that White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus had to moderate a meeting between the two so that they could call a truce. Now, new comments from Donald Trump suggest that he s not so hot on Bannon these days, and if it comes down to it in a knock down, drag out, Bannon v. Kushner fight, Kushner will definitely emerge the victor.Michael Goodwin of the New York Post asked Donald Trump if he was still confident in Bannon s abilities, and for the first time, Trump didn t give a full-throated defense of his white supremacist Chief Strategist. In fact, he seemed to want to downplay the level of Bannon s influence in both the campaign and the White House. Trump told Goodwin: I like Steve, but you have to remember he was not involved in my campaign until very late. I had already beaten all the senators and all the governors, and I didn t know Steve. I m my own strategist and it wasn t like I was going to change strategies because I was facing crooked Hillary. When White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer was asked about the Bannon v. Kushner feud, he tried to say that the media was making too much of it: There s a lot of stuff that was overblown about this that makes it out into the media sometimes and gets a little more sensational than it really is. Of course, this directly contradicts Trump s comments to the New York Post. In addition to the aforementioned statements, Trump also said: Steve is a good guy, but I told them to straighten it out or I will. So, in other words, it looks like Bannon is on the chopping block. Perhaps the rest of the white nationalist Pepe brigade will be ousted with him if and when he goes. It s a shame that we have sunk to the level in 2017 of hoping to get avowed white supremacists out of the White House, but here we are. Murica.Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images ",0
1816, Those Intel Reports That Nunes Ran To Trump With Reveal A BOMBSHELL That Trump Will HATE,"Remember the House Intelligence Committee s investigation into the Trump-Russia connection, and how Chairman Devin Nunes compromised it by running to Trump with documents he should have shown to his fellow committee members first? And how he then had to recuse himself from the investigation for all of that? It seems that those documents do, in fact, contain a bombshell, but it s not the one that Trump insisted we d find.House Republicans and Democrats have completed their review of those documents, and they demonstrate that nobody in the Obama administration wiretapped Trump at any time, nor did they do anything unusual, let alone illegal, with foreign surveillance. Even the  scandal  that Republicans tried to create around Susan Rice s request to unmask certain members of Trump s campaign turned out to be a big ol  nothingburger.One particular Congressional source said that Rice s requests were both normal and appropriate, and another said that there are  absolutely  no smoking guns present that demonstrate Rice and Obama did anything wrong. This vindicates Rice s assertions that her requests were normal: There were occasions when I would receive a report in which a US person was referred to   name not provided, just a US person   and sometimes in that context, in order to understand the importance of the report, and assess its significance, it was necessary to find out, or request the information as to who the US official was.The notion that some people are trying to suggest, is that by asking for the identity of a person is leaking it, is unequivocally false. There is no connection between unmasking and leaking. Trump isn t going to like this. It makes him look like a bigger paranoid, narcissistic moron than ever over these tweets:Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my  wires tapped  in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Is it legal for a sitting President to be  wire tapping  a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017I d bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017He also said he felt  somewhat vindicated  by what was in those reports. But besides that, he thought this was going to be a yuuuuuuuuuuge story. When he was asked whether he thought Rice acted illegally, he said,  Do I think? Yes, I think. He also said: I think it s going to be the biggest story. It s such an important story for our country and the world. Nunes looks like an idiot too, and now should probably resign his chairmanship. If Trump says anything, expect him to double down on his accusations. He doesn t let anything go and he doesn t ever admit he s wrong.Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
1817, Stephen King Tweets ULTIMATE Sean Spicer Insult That Is Pretty Goddamn Funny (TWEET),"Just when you thought you ve heard the ultimate insult being hurled at Sean Spicer for being Donald Trump s fall guy and practically the dumbest person on the planet, legendary author Stephen King steps up and knocks one out of the park.As you ve likely heard by now, unless you live in a cave or something, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer pretty much denied the existence of the Holocaust by making the ridiculous statement that Syrian President Assad is worse than Adolf Hitler, because at least Hitler didn t gas people. And as you probably well know, and if you don t, shame on you, Jewish concentration camps under Hitler s Nazi regime murdered millions of Jews in gas chambers.Witnessing this stupidity alongside the rest of America and the world was Stephen King who then went after Spicer, as one should, for being so remarkably dumb.King tweeted out: If donuts were awarded for dumb, Sean Spicer would have his own Krispy Kreme franchise. If donuts were awarded for dumb, Sean Spicer would have his own Krispy Kreme franchise.  Stephen King (@StephenKing) April 11, 2017To go one better, he could probably own all the Krispy Kreme franchises by now. He s that f**king dumb.We can only hope that Spicer never lives this down, gets fired and never finds work again. Now that would make America great again.Featured Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images",0
1818, Spicer Has Epic Freudian Slip During His Half-Assed Apology For Hitler Comments (VIDEO),"Sean Spicer s is having a very, very bad day.While the Jewish community celebrated Passover, Spicer claimed that Adolf Hitler never gassed people. After immediate backlash, Spicer said he meant Hitler never gassed German citizens. After another immediate backlash, Spicer said he meant Hitler never specifically bombed people with chemical weapons, merely gassed them in concentration camps (which he bizarrely called  holocaust centers ). By this point, he had proven his original point was nonsensical and still offensive, while also proving that he was a bad liar.It would take him a few more hours   and a call from the Israeli government asking that he resign  before he got around to begrudgingly apologizing. And he managed to screw that up too.While speaking with CNN s Wolf Blitzer, Spicer claimed he didn t want his Hitler comments to be a  distraction  from Trump s efforts. What efforts exactly? Allow Spicer, seen here stepping on every metaphorical rake in the yard, to explain with characteristic rambling, jumbled sentences:I needed to make sure I clarified and not in any way, shape or form any more of a distraction from the president s decisive action in Syria and the attempts that he s making to destabilize the region.Sean accidentally just said the quiet part loud. Oops.Wow: While apologizing for Hitler gaffe, Spicer literally says he doesn't want to distract from Trump's attempts ""to destabilize the region"" pic.twitter.com/jlCwC93Wn4  Tommy Christopher (@tommyxtopher) April 11, 2017Even Trump s own staff are quietly admitting to reporters that his Syrian policy is that he has no policy. Some mistakenly thought his order to launch 59 missiles at a Syrian airbase was the start of some coherent plan, but that idea quickly fell apart. Trump s son Eric would clear things up when he openly admitted Trump impulsively decided to issue the strike after his daughter Ivanka asked him to.Instead, Trump s Middle Eastern efforts continue to be haphazard and counterproductive. Thanks to Spicer, we now know that somewhere in the deepest parts of their brains, this administration knows that.As an added bonus, here s Blitzer telling the White House Press Secretary how to correctly pronounce Assad s name after Spicer repeatedly botches it..@PressSec continues to be unable to pronounce Assad's name so Wolf kindly helps him out pic.twitter.com/iQNFxCDsFn  Jon Passantino (@passantino) April 11, 2017Featured image via Twitter",0
1819, Dan Rather Says What Every Person With A Moral Compass Is Thinking Regarding Sean Spicer & Trump,"It s gotten to the point where if Donald Trump doesn t fire Sean Spicer for his egregious remarks about the Holocaust, Assad and Syria, he should be seen as agreeing with Spicer s sentiment as well as condoning it.It s disgusting, to say the least, and the legendary Dan Rather just released a statement that should summarize what every person with a decent moral compass is thinking right now.Rather wrote: It is with sadness that I do not know where to begin. Today in a briefing, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer issued a statement that is so far beyond the pale, so tone deaf and blind to history and our precarious moment in world affairs, that it is with only a heavy heart that I even bring attention to it. There can be no joy in such incompetence.In trying to make the case for the Administration s policy in Syria and vis a vis Russia which is confused to be generous, and wildly chaotic to be more precise, Mr. Spicer said,  We didn t use chemical weapons in World War II. You know, you had someone as despicable as Hitler who didn t even sink to using chemical weapons.  He continued,  So you have to, if you are Russia, ask yourself: Is this a country and a regime that you want to align yourself with?  When asked to clarify, Mr. Spicer said,  I think when you come to sarin gas, he (Hitler) was not using the gas on his own people the same way that Assad is doing.  Mr. Spicer went on to mention  Holocaust centers,  in an apparent reference to the Nazi concentration camps.This line of rhetoric is so unhinged, so amateurish, so lacking in the context and perspective necessary for statesmanship and diplomacy that I do not see how Mr. Spicer can be allowed to continue in his current position. But in the end, this is less about him and more about an Administration that is inserting itself in a civil war and now is plunging into a drastic reformulation of American foreign policy without any clear sense that they have a plan. When you try to explain such a situation, it is understandable that your words don t make sense.A bar, already set low, continues to drop. If Trump doesn t fire Spicer then he is fully condoning Holocaust denial within his administration. This shouldn t only outrage America, but cause a massive resistance against the current administration that has never been seen before. This must not be condoned or accepted. It is not okay.Featured Photo by Kirk Irwin/Getty Images for SiriusXM",0
1820, Jeff Sessions’ Written Immigration Speech Puts His REVOLTING Beliefs About Immigrants On Display,"The Trump administration is working as hard as it can to fulfill its promise of cracking down on illegal immigration, and part of that promise was, more or less, to be as evil as possible so they won t even want to come over here. Now, Jeff Sessions is starting to work on putting this into practice, including pushing for more severe prosecutions and punishments, even for non-violent immigrants.But it s not what he s doing that s so horrid. It s horrid, but not nearly as much so as what he planned to called them in a speech to Border Patrol agents in Nogales. His planned remarks included this vile portion: It is here, on this sliver of land, where we first take our stand against this filth.This is a new era. This is the Trump era. Now, that supposedly was referring only to criminal organizations like gangs and cartels. However, many of the people who cross the border illegally are doing so to escape those very organizations   not to expand them into the U.S.He didn t actually say this in his speech in Nogales, but it was in his prepared remarks. The fact that it was even there shows exactly how he sees undocumented immigrants. They re chattel, they re dirty, disgusting animals, and they re any number of things other than human beings to him.Undocumented immigrants are less likely to commit crimes than citizens. People like to point to the fact that they make up a large share of inmates in federal prisons, but federal prisons are a small part of the total prison system in the U.S. ICE s recent numbers aren t especially telling, either since their current focus is immigrants with criminal convictions (which is why they re stalking courthouses).Trump once said that undocumented immigrants were rapists and murderers,  and some, I assume, are good people.  Sessions is building upon that view of undocumented immigrants as mostly criminals, and no amount of,  We re talking about criminal organizations  is going to change that until this administration changes its attitude.Featured image by Michael B. Thomas via Getty Images",0
1821, Anne Frank Center SAVAGES Spicer After He Said Hitler Didn’t Gas Jews At ‘Holocaust Centers’ (TWEETS),"It s no secret that a large percentage of the Trump administration thinks the Holocaust didn t happen (or, if they do, they think Hitler had it right), but even The Donald s harshest critics didn t expect the White House Press Secretary to openly deny the Holocaust during a press briefing. But, of course, this is the Trump administration where up is down, taking food from the poor is  compassionate,  and Hitler didn t gas the Jews.On Tuesday, White House Propaganda Minister Sean Spicer attempted to defend Trump s seemingly pointless (unless the point was to make himself a whole lot of money through investments in the company that makes the missiles used) bombing run in Syria that he authorized because Ivanka was having a sad day. According to Spicer, Assad is much worse than Hitler becauseat least he didn t use chemical weapons on his people like Syria s president does. We didn t use chemical weapons in World War II. You had a, someone who is as despicable as Hitler who didn t even sink to using chemical weapons,  Spicer told a room full of almost certainly stunned reporters. In other words, Zyklon B didn t exist and concentration camps   Spicer called them  Holocaust centers    were just fun places where stuff happened that totally didn t involve chemical weapons being used on Jewish people.Shortly after Spicer said the Holocaust didn t happen, the Anne Frank Center stepped up to take his words and shove them down his throat with such force that they traveled through time and shot out the seat of his great grandson s pants in the middle of his Speech final. (He ran out of the room and received an  Incomplete )..@POTUS @realDonaldTrump MUST FIRE SEAN SPICER NOW FOR ENGAGING IN HOLOCAUST DENIAL. OUR STATEMENT BELOW. #Antisemitism #NeverAgain pic.twitter.com/4dB9ESCaZr  AnneFrankCenter(US) (@AnneFrankCenter) April 11, 2017 On Passover no less, Sean Spicer has engaged in Holocaust denial, the most offensive form of fake news imaginable, by denying Hitler gassed millions of Jews to death,  the organization s executive director, Steven Goldstein, said in a statement.  Spicer s statement is the most evil slur upon a group of people we have ever heard from a White House press secretary. Sean Spicer now lacks the integrity to serve  and  President Trump must fire him at once, Goldstein says.Though many would disagree with the idea that Spicer had integrity at all at any point in his life, the sentiment is true: Spicer must resign, or Trump must fire him. Or there will be hell to pay.Watch Spicer s remarks below, and happy Genocide Awareness and Prevention Month, everyone!Here s Spicer s answer about Hitler not using chemical weapons (he gassed millions), and his attempt at a clarification, which made it worse pic.twitter.com/gcJGhASVK2  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) April 11, 2017Spicer, trying to clarify his Hitler answer makes it worse:  He was not using the gas on his own people in the same way that Assad is doing  pic.twitter.com/SSA1P680z5  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) April 11, 2017Featured image via screengrab",0
1822," Trump White House Is About To Screw Up Easter For 1,000s Of Little Children","If you re keeping track, so far, Donald Trump has screwed up two military missions, his plan to repeal and replace Obamacare, his tax plan, and now, Easter.Just days before Christians  most holy day, the Trump White House still is not preoared for the annual easter egg hunt on the White House lawn. While this is symbolic, it s a big symbol.The Sunday tradition is 138 years old, and as Melinda Bates, the Easter event organizer behind President Bill Clinton s eight times as host, told The New York Times,  It s the single most high-profile event that takes place at the White House each year, and the White House and the first lady are judged on how well they put it on.  From her perspective, the outcome of the event is an indication of the administration s inner workings.Source: SalonFor this we can blame the First Lady   no, not the First Daughter First Lady   Melania. First Ladies have a job in this country and the Easter Egg hunt is one of them. Her refusal to leave her comfy home in Manhattan means thousands of children, including children of military personnel, could go without a favorite Easter pasttime.Some even took to reaching out to the FLOTUS on the one place they know they can find her husband: Twitter:@FLOTUS @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @MELANIATRUMP @IvankaTrump FYI manufacturing deadlines for the Easter eggs are near. Please reach out! pic.twitter.com/D78YqWVPBi  Wells Wood Turning (@WellsTurning) February 20, 2017This event is actually pretty huge. About 4,000 school children receive tickets every year and about 3,000 children of military familes. They may all be disappointed. Unfortunately, the Trump administration has not reached out about it,  Ashley Broadway-Mack, the president of the American Military Partner Association told the Times. Congress members have also not been contacted about tickets for their constituents.Because of this, the event has been cut in half and they ll only have about 1/5th of the security, and it s all because the First Lady has been neglegent in even staffing her office. She named a chief of staff and social secretary in early February but has yet to announce a director for the Visitors Office, normally the crucial player in the daunting execution of the event,  the Times reported.The vacant positions are cause for concern, according to Bates.  I m really concerned for the Trump people. This thing is all hands on deck. In her defense, this is all par for the course for the Trump administration, whose motto just seems to be  wing it and hope things don t get too screwed up. Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images.",0
1823, Sean Spicer Claims Hitler Never Gassed People In Outrageous Defense Of Syrian Bombing (VIDEO),"Sean Spicer s time as press secretary has been a particularly humiliating one. Each time he goes up to the podium, he lies or fumbles. And today, he reached a particularly pathetic low point when he seemingly erased the holocaust from history with a single outrageous claim. The timing was especially bad as Trump s administration dodges accusations of anti-Semitism and the Jewish community celebrates the holiday of the Passover seder.According to Spicer s version of events, Hitler never gassed people.WATCH: Sean Spicer: ""You had someone as despicable as Hitler who didn't even sink to using chemical weapons."" pic.twitter.com/WdI6bu1wJj  Yashar (@yashar) April 11, 2017Spicer comment came while he hamfistedly attempted to justify bombing Syria because of the Assad regime s use of chemical weapons. In an effort to prove his point, Spicer claimed Hitler   perpetrator of the worst mass murder in history   never used chemical weapons because he found them so immoral. Undoubtedly Spicer was referring to the fact that Hitler was said to have opposed chemical weapons on the battlefield because of his experience being gassed in World War I. However, Hitler and the Nazi party had absolutely no qualms with gassing their victims in the concentration camps, which they did on an industrial scale. (In fact, the idea that Hitler was gassed in WWI is actually suspected by historians to be a lie invented by Hitler himself to cover for his long history of mental illness. Passing along this myth is perpetuating an artful piece of propaganda invented by Hitler. Nice going, Spicey.)To suggest that Hitler wouldn t  sink to using chemical weapons  is an outrageous way of dehumanizing those who died in the holocaust. For him to say this while standing at the podium at the White House is sickening. More hypocritically, Trump himself praised the use of chemical weapons by Saddam Hussein as recently as last summer, suggesting they allowed him to keep his enemies in line. His bombing of Syria came as a shock precisely because he has shown absolutely zero interest in preventing chemical warfare up until this point. Disturbingly, the United States has a sordid history with chemical weapons stockpiles dating back to the first World War. It was not until the 1990s that the U.S. firmly committed to getting rid of them.Asked for clarification, Spicer then tried to make a distinction between Jews and Germans. Gassing the Jewish people in concentration camps is different than gassing  your own people.  Another defense that neo-Nazis continue to use to this day. The hole Spicer is digging keeps getting deeper.Press Sec. on Hitler/Assad comments: ""He was not using the gas on his own people the same way he brought them into the Holocaust centers."" pic.twitter.com/mO9EsWM4QT  ABC News (@ABC) April 11, 2017Featured image via Twitter",0
1824, United Just Took A DISGUSTING Step To Smear The Victim At The Heart Of Viral PR Disaster,"United Airlines is in an economic and pulic relations tailspin after they were caught on tape brutally dragging a passenger from a plane after he refused to leave. The man, David Dao, is a doctor, and he was left bloody when he was physically forced to disembark because the plane was overbooked. Now, United is taking a page straight from the GOP playbook and using the media to trash Dr. Dao s past.This article appeared today in Kentucky s Courier-Journal and is making its rounds throughout the media. Apparently, according to the paper, the doctor has a  troubled past,  as if that has anything at all to do with Monday s horrific incident.Dao, who went to medical school in Vietnam in the 1970s before moving to the U.S., was working as a pulmonologist in Elizabethtown when he was arrested in 2003 and eventually convicted of drug-related offenses after an undercover investigation, according to documents filed with the Kentucky Board of Medical Licensure last June. The documents allege that he was involved in fraudulent prescriptions for controlled substances and was sexually involved with a patient who used to work for his practice and assisted police in building a case against him.Dao was convicted of multiple felony counts of obtaining drugs by fraud or deceit in November 2004 and was placed on five years of supervised probation in January 2005. He surrendered his medical license the next month.Who cares?Victim blaming is nothing new. Every woman who has ever been assaulted knows all about it. Republicans and Fox News have turned it into an art form.We ve seen it before. They blamed Trayvon Martin for his death. Hell, they blame every African-American who dies the hands of cops (and wannabe cops).Fox even (of course they do) blames the victims of their own predators. They victim blamed a woman who dared speak out on behalf of all women. The right even blames victims of gun violence for not being armed.Now, we don t know for sure that United (or the Chicago Police Department, who actually did the dragging) planted the story in the media, but it s a pretty reasonable guess, especially after United s CEO, Oscar Munoz, trashed the victim in a letter to his staff.The bottom line is that it shouldn t and doesn t matter what the doctor did 10 years ago. Unless he is an escaped convict, he has the same rights as anyone else on that plane.Featured image via video screen capture.",0
1825, Eric Trump Accidentally Exposes Who Was Behind Syria Strike And The Whole Trump Family’s In Trouble,"Eric Trump sat down with the Telegraph and things quickly went off the rails. Eric  for years seen as the dumb one    blundered his way through the interview with such lack of self-awareness that he wound up revealing a bunch of stuff he shouldn t have. But there is one tone-deaf comment that Eric Trump made that you ll want to keep in the back of your mind throughout the rest of this story. When asked about his father s desire to make the White House a Trump family affair, Eric said: Is that nepotism? Absolutely. Is that also a beautiful thing? Absolutely. Family business is a beautiful thing. A lot of ink has been spilled speculating on what Trump s presidential  doctrine  is, but the answer is painfully simple: Rank nepotism. Paranoid and alienated, Trump s only allies in Washington are his own children and he s been furthering his separation from the rest of his staff by leaning on them with increasing regularity. His son-in-law, Jared Kushner has recently become the most powerful person in the country. His only qualification is getting married to Ivanka.Unfortunately, it gets worse. Donald Trump isn t just placing his close family and friends in positions they have no business being in, but also allowing those inexperienced cronies the chance to influence American military operations. According to Eric, his sister Ivanka was actually the architect of the decision to bomb Syria. Until January 20, Ivanka s career was in selling cheap jewelry made in China to fans of her father s reality tv show. She now has a seat at the table in starting a world war.[Eric] confirmed that President Trump s decision to bomb a Syrian airbase to punish President Bashar al-Assad for a nerve gas attack last week was influenced by the reaction of his sister Ivanka, who said she was  heartbroken and outraged  by the atrocity.That he was listening to his daughter and not his advisers explains why the Trump White House seemed chaotic and clueless in the hours after the bombing. Nobody was on the same page. Trump s UN ambassador and his Secretary of State were issuing conflicting statements about the intent of the bombings. Other staff initially bragged about destroying the airfield. Trump contradicted them by saying he intentionally didn t destroy the airfield. Nobody knew what was going on   except maybe Ivanka, a person with no official job in the White House.Adding to the confusion, Trump himself once praised Saddam Hussein for using chemical weapons on his enemies. It was jarring to watch him claim that Assad s use of sarin gas was so personally offensive to him that he had to go to war. Eric s confession that it was Ivanka s decision fills in a lot of blanks.The fact that Eric would freely admit that this is how the White House is being run goes back to his observation that nepotism is  beautiful.  Living all his life in the shadow of his dad, it seems as though he and his siblings aren t aware of how gross this whole thing is. They are second-generation silver spooners. Their dad owes his success to their grandfather. They are so far removed from the real world that they ve forgotten they never earned anything.And they are running the country. Together.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1826, What This Poll Says About Bernie Sanders And Republicans Should TERRIFY The GOP,"Senator Bernie Sanders is the most popular senator in the United States and a new poll proves it. The latest Morning Consult poll to come out has found that, out of all the lawmakers serving in the United States Senate, the Vermont senator has the highest approval ratings among his constituents.The poll revealed that a whopping 75 percent of Sanders  constituents approve of his performance. Only 21 percent of Vermont residents who were polled disapprove of the senator.In contrast to the glowing endorsements Sanders received from his constituents, Mitch McConnell had the lowest approval rating of any U.S. senator. A measly 44 percent of the Kentucky lawmaker s constituents approved of his performance in office, while 47 percent disapproved of him. McConnell has earned himself a special achievement, being the only senator to have more of his constituents disapprove of his performance than approve.Sanders and McConnell were also voted the most liked and least liked, respectively, in September of 2016 and have held on to their titles since then.The runners up for the least liked were Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.) who came in second with a disapproval rating of 43 percent and Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) who was in third place at 40 percent.According to the Morning Consult website, more than 85,000 registered voters were included in  weekly online national polling from January 2017 through March 2017 to determine the latest Senator & Governor Approval Rankings.  In each poll, they were asked whether they approved or disapproved of the senator in question and were then asked a series of questions about his/her performance that they could answer with  strongly approve, somewhat approve, somewhat disapprove, strongly disapprove, or don t know / no opinion. This poll does not account for the fact that Bernie Sanders is loved far and wide, not just in Vermont. After building one heck of a movement during the Democratic presidential primaries, he has remained a powerful voice in politics and maintains a loyal following across the country.Featured image via Scott Eisen/Getty Images",0
1827, WATCH Bill O’Reilly Get INSANELY Vile Over Bloodied United Passenger – It’s SICK Even For Him,"We ve been abuzz all day about a doctor who was forcibly removed from a United Airlines flight at Chicago s O Hare International Airport. Chicago Department of Aviation police yanked him out of his seat so hard his face hit the armrest and he ended up in the hospital. Most people who have any kind of a conscience are outraged, as well they should be, because there are a zillion things wrong with this scenario.Bill O Reilly, on the other hand, doesn t seem to be all that outraged over it. His reaction was positively disgusting. Seriously. After showing the video, he literally laughed. Then he said: I shouldn t be laughing but it s just so bizarre. Good lord, does the man have any decency at all? Oh, wait, we know the answer to that already. Yes, it s bizarre, but not in a way that warrants laughing. How black does your soul have to be to laugh at something like this? Watch below:United had oversold this particular flight and was having trouble getting people to voluntarily give up their seats so they could get a flight crew to Louisville. With no volunteers, they randomly selected four people to be bumped, and this doctor was one of them. He refused to give up his seat, so United called Dept. of Aviation police to get rid of him.And O Reilly finds it funny. But what can we really expect from a disgusting excuse for a human being such as Billo the Clown?Featured image via screen capture ",0
1828, Congress Steps In After Doctor Is Violently Dragged From United Airlines Flight,"Video of a passenger being violently dragged from a United Airlines flight has gone viral, and now Congress wants answers.Audra D. Bridges, who filmed the shocking video and posted it to social media, told the Courier-Journal that passengers were informed that the flight was overbooked at the gate. The airline originally said that one person would need to give up their seat. After everyone had boarded the plane, they were told that four passengers would have to give up the seat they had paid for so that airline employees would be able to fly instead.They asked for volunteers and even offered money and hotel accommodations to sweeten the deal. But when no one offered to leave the plane, they randomly selected passengers to kick off the flight. When the man they had chosen to boot out of the seat he paid for said he didn t want to leave because he was a doctor and had patients he had to care for in the morning, United Airlines called the police.In the video, you can see the cops forcefully grab the doctor and violently drag him off the plane while he screams out in pain. Other passengers were horrified. He was eventually allowed back on the plane, bleeding mouth and all.Now, Washington, D.C. Delegate Eleanor Holmes Norton (D), a senior member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, is demanding answers. Norton is calling for a congressional hearing into the incident. I deplore the violent removal of a passenger from a United Airlines flight this weekend. Airline passengers must have protections against such abusive treatment. I am asking our committee for a hearing, which will allow us to question airport police, United Airlines personnel, and airport officials, among others, about whether appropriate procedures were in place in Chicago and are in place across the United States when passengers are asked to leave a flight,  Norton said in a statement.Norton said that she will be following up with a letter to committee chairman Rep. Bill Shuster (R-PA) and Rep. Frank LoBiondo (R-N.J.), chairman of the aviation subcommittee, to request a hearing to investigate this incident and others like it.You can watch the disturbing video below:@United overbook #flight3411 and decided to force random passengers off the plane. Here s how they did it: pic.twitter.com/QfefM8X2cW  Jayse D. Anspach (@JayseDavid) April 10, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",0
1829," Sean Spicer BLOWS Press Briefing, Contradicts Trump Administration With INSANE Statement On Russia (VIDEO)","Donald Trump may have been cozying up to Russia during his presidential campaign and the beginning of his presidency, but it looks like the relationship is turning sour thanks to his reckless decision to attack Syria, one of Russia s allies.Russia openly condemned the attack, and even threatened to retaliate against the United States thanks to Trump. However, White House Press Secretary must have not gotten the memo, because he called Russia one of America s allies in reference to Syria during his press briefing on Monday.Not only is that statement false (especially after this Syria fiasco) but Spicer greatly contradicted many people in the Trump administration, and even Trump himself. It s obvious that Russia is a hostile power   not an ally   but Spicer still said that America would work with allies, including Russia, in committing to ensuring that there are places that are free from violence You can watch Spicer make a fool of himself below:To be fair, Trump s administration does seem to be awfully confused about how it feels about Russia. One one hand, Trump has showed Russian leader Vladimir Putin with praise, yet at times insists that he doesn t know Putin at all. Nikki Haley, our United Nations ambassador, has said Russia cannot be trusted. After the attack in Syria, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson insulted Russia and said the country was complicit or incompetent. New National Security Advisor H. R. McMaster considers Russia an adversary.If only the Trump administration could actually send a unified, coherent message  but in an administration this incompetent, chaotic, and corrupt, we shouldn t expect too much. Spicer s reference to Russia as  allies  is embarrassing to the Trump administration, as its own Press Secretary seems clueless about how things are actually unfolding after Trump s disastrous attack on Syria, and the true definition of an ally.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
1830, This Poll Shows EXACTLY How Much Americans Detest Trump,"At this point in Trump s disastrous presidency, it s pretty clear that the only one that thinks he s doing a great job is the underserving POTUS himself. Even his own supporters have lost faith in him and are turning away at record speed. Despite his rapidly plummeting approval rating, Trump still thinks he s the greatest thing to happen to America   or at least, he ll continue to think that until he sees this:According to MSNBC s Kyle Griffin, Americans are so turned off by Trump that they don t even want to get anywhere near a product he touches. Apparently, asking for Trump s support is so toxic that it is basically suicide for businesses. That s quite strange for a reality television star who brags about how good of a businessman he is.Already, we saw Trump make endorsements on his Twitter feed. It turns out, those inappropriate  shoutouts  did way more harm than good. NBC News reported: When Donald Trump won the Oval Office, critics worried he would use his elevated stature to enhance his personal power to pick winners and losers by endorsing products. But new consumer survey data from Simmons Research suggest the Trump presidency may be having the opposite effect on the Trump brand. According to the new data, 78% of Americans would not use and might even boycott any product that Trump endorses. Even amongst Republicans, support is low   only 31% of GOPers said they would be more likely to use a product if Trump endorsed it. Simmons scientist Steven Millman explained this phenomenon: A strong association between Trump and a brand is likely to be damaging to the brand, unless its consumers are strong conservative. This actually makes perfect sense. Trump has singlehandedly destroyed his own Trump brand by creating one of the most hateful, controversial presidential campaigns America had ever seen. His hotels are going down in flames, and so are his other self-branded companies. Even his daughter, Ivanka, is facing business struggles thanks to her father s horrible performance. So it only seems pretty natural that the association with Trump s disgraced name would have the same effect on other businesses.It s official: most of America hates Trump, and we want him to know it.Featured image via Mark Wilson / Getty Images",0
1831," BREAKING: Republican Governor Arrested On Multiple Charges, GOP In CHAOS","It s the end of Alabama Governor Robert Bentley s political career after he was arrested Monday on charges related to the numerous things he did to cover up an affair. The governor was booked into Montgomery County Jail on two charges related to his failure to disclose campaign information and submitted a letter of resignation shortly afterward.The scandal began to make its way to the public when Bentley fired the head of the Alabama Law Enforcement Agency, Spencer Collier, who later revealed that he had investigated and seen evidence of an affair between the 74-year-old Bentley and his campaign spokeswoman, Rebekah Mason. This is of course odd given Bentley s opposition to gay marriage on the  one man one woman  basis, but having an affair is not illegal. Unfortunately for him, the rest of the stuff he did is. A press release from the Alabama Ethics Commission details the rest:Today, the Alabama Ethics Commission found probable cause to believe that Governor Robert Bentley committed violations of both the Alabama Ethics Act and the Fair Campaign Practices Act. We have referred those matters to the Montgomery County District Attorney for further consideration and possible prosecution.Intentional violations of the Alabama Ethics Act and the Fair Campaign Practices Act are Class B felonies. The range of punishment for a Class B felony is a prison sentence of between 2 and 20 years per violation, and a fine of up to $20,000.00, per violation. As these matters are still ongoing, the Commission is prohibited by law from any further comment regarding any of the evidence produced or presented in this case.Over the course of this year-long investigation, the Alabama Ethics Commission issued more subpoenas than have been issued by the Commission since it was given subpoena power. Chief Special Agent Tony Goubil and Special Agent Dustin Lansford devoted countless hours in conducting this investigation. They interviewed over 45 witnesses and have analyzed over 33,000 documents in the course of their investigation. The staff of the Commission has worked tirelessly and thoroughly to investigate every Complaint that we received. The evidence was reviewed and tested multiple times by career lawyers. These lawyers include Hugh Evans our General Counsel who has devoted his career to Ethics, as well as our new Assistant General Counsel, Cynthia Propst Raulston, a career prosecutor whose experience includes analyzing and successfully trying complex white collar and public corruption cases to conclusion before juries. Our Commissioners, who include two retired Circuit Judges, two career attorneys and a doctor, all of whom have vast experience sifting through evidence, judging the testimony of witnesses and applying difficult principles in a fair, even-handed manner, ultimately weighed the evidence and returned this finding.Justice (if you can call it that) moved swiftly after his arrest. Bentley copped a plea and was fined $2,000 and ordered to perform 100 hours of community service. He also agreed not to run for office again..@GovernorBentley:  I have decided it is time for me to step down as Alabama s governor   FTR #ForTheRecord @MSNBC https://t.co/AMmmRIrxBF  Greta Van Susteren (@greta) April 10, 2017This, as strange as it sounds, should strike fear in the heart of Donald Trump. As a man who regularly bullies anyone who criticizes him or correctly states inconvenient facts and as someone who has a history of firing people who were investigating him or those close to him, Bentley s arrest should be a clear message that no matter how much you abuse your power to cover up something   in Trump s case his campaign s collusion with a hostile foreign dictator   the American people won t let you get away with it.Featured image via screengrab",0
1832," While Her Department Gets Gutted, Billionaire Betsy DeVos DEMANDS Extra Expensive Security","Donald Trump and his administration seem to be all about austerity, as long as it s the nation suffering and not his family or employees. Trump s education secretary, Betsy DeVos isn t suffering. In fact, she s the only cabinet member that requires security from not jut the Secret Service, but from US marshals, and it s costing the schools she oversees a lot of money.No one is telling us why DeVos needs the extra security, but the Marshalls are sending a bill to the Education Department in the amount of $8 million to cover about eight months. While that s a drop in the bucket for a department whose budget is about $70 billion, that money is coming straight from the nation s children s educations.The new outlay is a tiny fraction of the department s budget, but comes as the Trump administration has proposed slashing the spending plan by $9 billion, or 13.5 percent.DeVos is the only Cabinet secretary under the protection of the marshals, law enforcement officers who are generally responsible for protecting federal judges, transporting prisoners, apprehending fugitives and protecting witnesses. They also guard the deputy attorney general and Supreme Court justices when they travel.Source: Washington PostDeVos s security team changed from Secret Service to the Marshalls after some protesters blocked her entry into a school shortly after her confirmation. The protest was completely non-violent. Other than that, we have no clue why the apparent overreaction.Note that DeVos is rich, very rich, even richer than her boss. She and her family are worth about $5.1 billion. If we can find a single rationale for putting the super rich in the higher eschelons of government, it should be that they could fray some of they cost, right?It seems, though, as if the super rich in government are now just taking their money making skills and using them to bilk the American taxpayers. Trump is making the taxpayers pay for a vacation a week and, now, DeVos s security is coming   literally   from the mouths and brains of children.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images. ",0
1833, This Reporter Just Won The Biggest Prize In Journalism For Exposing Trump’s Lies (DETAILS),"The winners of the 2017 Pulitzer Prize have been announced and this year s theme was all about exposing Trump.Of particular note was the prize for National Reporting going to David A. Fahrenthold of The Washington Post, whose contribution to reporting during the presidential campaign was to unflinchingly go after Trump s lies, particularly as they related to his contributions to charity.As the Pulitzer committee put it, Fahrenthold deserved the award:For persistent reporting that created a model for transparent journalism in political campaign coverage while casting doubt on Donald Trump s assertions of generosity toward charities.During a campaign when many reporters and pundits struggled to keep up with Trump s lies, or pretended Trump wasn t lying at all, Fahrenthold decided to hold Trump s feet to the fire. After Trump repeatedly dodged questions about his donations to charity, Fahrenthold compiled an exhaustive list of charities Trump was said to have given money to and painstakingly eliminated each one. In the end, the reporting showed that Trump was perhaps one of the least charitable rich people in the country. He also ran down individual anecdotes exposing Trump has a showboating opportunist who cynically exploited charity events for PR but avoided giving any money.In one example discovered by Fahrenthold, Trump stagecrashed an event meant to honor donors, stole the seat of a legitimate donor and then left before anyone knew what had just happened. Nobody knew he was coming,  said Abigail Disney, another donor sitting on the dais.  There s this kind of ruckus at the door, and I don t know what was going on, and in comes Donald Trump. [He] just gets up on the podium and sits down. Trump was not a major donor. He was not a donor, period. He d never given a dollar to the nursery or the Association to Benefit Children, according to Gretchen Buchenholz, the charity s executive director then and now.It is for exposing stories like this and others that Fahrenthold has become reviled in the Trump White House and in conservative circles. He does what fearless journalism has always done: Speak truth to power.Hilariously, Farhrenthold isn t the only person to win the prestigious award for his coverage of Trump. Miami Herald cartoonist Jim Morin earned a Pulitzer for equally biting criticism of Trump. To highlight the point, his latest cartoon is a particularly brutal take down of Trump.Another loudmouth draft-dodging sanctimonious hypocrite phony patriot republican sending us to war #morintoon #TrumpSyria #ChemicalAttack pic.twitter.com/YHXtRaRff3  Jim Morin (@MorinToon) April 8, 2017And the New York Times took home the international reporting Pulitzer for coverage that also caused Trump no shortage of headaches. The paper exposed the rampant corruption and cruelty of the Putin regime in Russia. This made things extremely awkward for Trump. He, of course, benefited greatly from Putin s willingness to undermine democracy   specifically America s 2016 election. Trump has also praised the autocrat as a strong leader and at one time claimed him as a friend.It s extremely telling that so many of the top honors went to people who either directly or indirectly stood up to Trump s administration   whether it be clear-eyed reporting on the corruption from within the White House or the disastrous effects of the policies they and their allies in Congress have forced upon the country. In dark days, fearless critical reporting is more valuable than ever. And with Trump already threatening to crank up censorship laws, it s a rare and powerful commodity.Featured image via Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1834, What Republicans Are Doing To Stop People From Voting Is As Dirty As It Gets,"Let s face it, if it weren t for gerrymandering, Russian interference and straight up lies, Republicans would never hold another majority again and they d certainly never hold the presidency. Unfortunately, that s not our reality and Republicans in Iowa are so desperate that they are turning to lies to keep people from voting.Iowa s Secretary of State, Paul Pete, wants to pass stricter voting restrictions in an effort to keep undesirables (Democrats   especially Democrats of Color) from voting and he s lying to justify it.To substantiate his argument, Pate s office drafted a statement for a reporter from the local Gazette newspaper, noting that in Iowa it appeared 41 felons had cast ballots and that more than 200 election day voter registrations, or EDRs, had bounced back. The draft statement included the caveats that the irregularities  do not necessarily constitute fraud  and that the state would have a more complete picture of election data come March. Pate urged his staff to release it. We need to release info and these stats are public already. When an auditor turns them over to the county attorney or sheriff for action that pretty much makes it public. Am I missing something?,  he wrote in an email.Source: Huffington PostIn a state of three million people, 41 felons voting doesn t exactly seem like a reason to change voting laws for everyone, but even that paltry number is vastly misleading. According to Pate s deputy, Carol Olson: I do not believe that we should say that 41 felons illegally cast ballots. We encouraged them to use provisional ballots, so that would feel a little like we baited them to do something illegal,  she wrote.  And it s risky to label it  illegal  because we don t know the circumstances. It might be illegal, but [it] might not be, if someone really believed their rights were restored. We can report the number of felons voting, but let s not call it illegal,  she wrote.Olson noted that some of the statistics suggested something nefarious when it could simply be attributed to human error. I m also really reluctant to say that 207 EDR s (sic) from 15 counties bounced back. In the context of a discussion on election fraud, it sounds like we are suggesting that  bounce backs  are fraud or likely to be fraud,  she wrote.  First, it s only a partial report. What about the other 84 counties? How does this fit into the overall process of EDRs? The vast majority of these  bounce-backs  are sloppy addresses from voters in too much of a hurry when they register at the polls. That s a real reason to discourage EDR and a real reason to have pollbooks, but it s not an indicator of illegal activity. Regardless, it s likely the bill, that will require voter IDs, will pass, nearly ensuring that the state, which has long been a red-leaning swing state, will become a red state.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images.",0
1835," Wife Of Arrested Russian Hacker Just Spoke Out, And Trump Is Shaking In His Boots","The wife of a Russian hacker who was arrested in Spain has spoken out, confirming that her husband, Pyotr Levashov, was (allegedly) involved in hacking our election. I asked for a warrant or some papers, they said they showed them to my husband,  Maria Levashova says.  With my husband, I talked to the commissariat by phone, he said that he was shown some piece of paper in Spanish without a seal and his photo in poor quality. Something was said about the fact that the virus my husband allegedly created was related to Trump s victory in the elections. Levashov, better recognized as  Peter Severa  and  Peter of the North  in hacking circles, is well-known in the cybercrime community. Krebs on Security reports:According to numerous stories here at KrebsOnSecurity, Levashov was better known as  Severa,  the hacker moniker used by a pivotal figure in many Russian-language cybercrime forums. Severa was the moderator for the spam subsection of multiple online communities, and in this role served as the virtual linchpin connecting virus writers with huge spam networks   including some that Severa allegedly created and sold himself.Levashov is currently listed as #7 in the the world s Top 10 Worst Spammers list maintained by anti-spam group Spamhaus. The U.S. Justice Department maintains that Severa was the Russian partner of Alan Ralsky, a convicted American spammer who specialized in  pump-and-dump  spam schemes designed to artificially inflate the value of penny stocks.Levashov allegedly went by the aliases Peter Severa and Peter of the North (Pyotr is the Russian form of Peter). My reporting indicates that   in addition to spamming activities   Severa was responsible for running multiple criminal operations that paid virus writers and spammers to install  fake antivirus  software. So-called  fake AV  uses malware and/or programming tricks to bombard the victim with misleading alerts about security threats, hijacking the PC until its owner either pays for a license to the bogus security software or figures out how to remove the invasive program.There is ample evidence that Severa is the cybercriminal behind the Waledac spam botnet, a spam engine that for several years infected between 70,000 and 90,000 computers and was capable of sending approximately 1.5 billion spam messages a day.In 2010, Microsoft launched a combined technical and legal sneak attack on the Waledac botnet, successfully dismantling it. The company would later do the same to the Kelihos botnet, a global spam machine which shared a great deal of computer code with Waledac.The connection between Waledac/Kelihos and Severa is supported by data leaked in 2010 after hackers broke into the servers of pharmacy spam affiliate program SpamIt. According to the stolen SpamIt records, Severa   this time using the alias  Viktor Sergeevich Ivashov    brought in revenues of $438,000 and earned commissions of $145,000 spamming rogue online pharmacy sites over a 3-year period.Severa also was a moderator of Spamdot.biz (pictured in the first screenshot above), a vetted, members-only forum that at one time attracted almost daily visits from most of Russia s top spammers. Leaked Spamdot forum posts for Severa indicate that he hails from Saint Petersburg, Russia s second-largest city.Sevara is currently in custody in Barcelona, but is subject to an extradition request by the United States. Spanish news website El Confidencial also confirms that the arrest was related to hacking that helped Donald Trump  win  the election.With Trump screaming FAKE NEWS every time new facts come out about his collusion with Vladimir Putin to take the Oval Office by any means necessary   even if it does involve some Russian hackers, an aggressive propaganda campaign, and probably a couple Russian pee pee hookers   this news is not good for him. We can fully expect a meltdown on some sort on Twitter as soon as Breitbart reports on the arrest.Featured image via Getty Images/Pool",0
1836, Trump Slapped With Lawsuit For Refusing To Release White House Visitor Logs,"Donald Trump is being sued   again. Three organizations have joined together to file suit against Mango Mussolini for his refusal to make White House visitor logs public.The National Security Archive, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW), and the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University have all filed a suit against the Department of Homeland Security under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Trump has ignored FOIA requests for the visitor logs and the suit is asking that the records be released. We hoped that the Trump administration would follow the precedent of the Obama administration and continue to release visitor logs, but unfortunately they have not,  CREW Executive Director Noah Bookbinder said in a statement. Given the many issues we have already seen in this White House with conflicts of interest, outside influence, and potential ethics violations, transparency is more important than ever, so we had no choice but to sue. The three groups suing Trump are asking not only that the visitor logs for the White House be released, but also that he make records public from Mar-a-Lago where he holds many of his meetings, particularly on weekends. Trump likes to use his resort to schmooze foreign leaders, most recently meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping there just last week.Tom Blanton, the director of the National Security Archive, said in a statement that the release of this information has been routine for many years. In September 2009, the Obama administration announced that they would release records of all visitors to the White House following multiple lawsuits that were filed by CREW. President Obama routinely released the data we re seeking with no damage to presidential privilege, and this information is central to the Secret Service mission and thus clearly agency records subject to FOIA,  Blanton said.According to another employee working for the National Security Archive, they were responsible for filing the first FOIA against the current administration just three days after Trump was sworn into office on January 23. When foreign officials go to see the president or his staff, the American people have a right to know who and when,  explained National Security Archive senior policy analyst Kate Doyle.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1837, Racist Rep. Steve King Gives Trump DIRE Warning: Don’t Abandon White Supremacists (TWEET),"Congressman Steve King (R-IA) is pretty much the most openly racist person sitting in Congress. He recently came under fire for tweeting openly white supremacist sentiments about  western civilization  and not being able to restore it with  somebody else s babies.  Here is that awful tweet:Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies. https://t.co/4nxLipafWO  Steve King (@SteveKingIA) March 12, 2017Now, he is giving Donald Trump a warning about sidelining white supremacist Steve Bannon in the White House in favor of more left-leaning advisers like Trump s daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared Kushner. This warning comes because word on the street is that there is a battle brewing between Bannon and Kushner, and it seems that Bannon is losing big time. In fact, Bannon may indeed be on his way out.Well, this is not sitting well with the white supremacists who have championed Trump so long and so hard, and indeed were instrumental in putting him into the White House. They even deliberately trended #FireKushner to send a message to Trump about where his priorities should lie. Rep. King chimed in with similar sentiments Sunday night, tweeting at Trump:@RealDonaldTrump Steve Bannon is the lynchpin to your energized base. Conservatives are an endangered species in your White House.  Steve King (@SteveKingIA) April 10, 2017So, in other words, King is warning Trump that if he gives in to what the alt-right (read: white supremacists) call Ivanka and Jared s  globalist  leanings and policies, he s finished and his base will turn on him. This is probably true. However, the idea that Trump would pick Bannon in a showdown between the former Breitbart head and his daughter and son-in-law is downright laughable. So, suck it, Steve King. You won t be getting your way on this one.If the Bannon v. Kushner feud continues, Bannon will be pushed out, and there will be marginally more reasonable people who have Trump s ear. The side effect will be a betrayed and outraged alt-right and conservative base, which will ensure Donald Trump s defeat in 2020, along with his feuding with the Republicans on Capitol Hill who will surely not bow to his daughter and son-in-law s largely Democratic policies.So, bad for Republicans and Trump world, great for America.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
1838, Trump Is A MONSTROUS Threat To A Vital Government Function That Nobody Is Talking About,"When people talk about the threat that Donald Trump poses to the U.S., they generally talk about things like education, the environment, consumers, workers, immigrants, minorities, and so on. His  Make America Great Again  slogan is nothing more than hot air, and anybody who s been paying attention knows it. But there s one absolutely vital government function that Trump threatens that nobody s talking about. It s a safe bet that most of us actually haven t even thought of it, despite his warning to federal agencies to prepare for massive budget cuts.It s the U.S. Census. And the Census is something we need. Population counts determine the number of U.S. Representatives a state gets, and they also determine how the states  districts get redrawn. Even states with independent commissions depend on the Census to know how best to draw district lines.Census data is also used for federal programs affecting things like education, veterans  services, rural development, transportation, housing and more. The Census determines the allocation of funding for the following:And so much more, including in the private sector   businesses can use Census data to determine everything from optimal location to understanding both the local labor force and the local consumer population. Of course, most of this is stuff that the Trump administration and the Republican Party see as wastes anyway, but they ll be hard-pressed to actually cut funding for all of this in a budget without facing massive backlash.Hmm. Now that we re thinking about it, maybe sabotaging the Census would be their way of gutting all these programs.That list, while a ton, isn t all. There s also what Trump s stance on immigration could do. ICE has been sweeping cities for undocumented immigrants, even targeting courthouses as immigrants show up for hearings and appointments about pretty much everything. In fact, a judge in Washington State reported hearing that undocumented immigrants are missing court dates, even if they were seeking a protective order against an abuser.We have the growing hate and fear of Muslims to contend with, too   while they aren t being arrested and deported (yet), they could worry that answering the Census will expose sensitive information and make them more vulnerable to harassment and attack.For these reasons, immigrants and other minorities may find themselves far less willing to participate in the 2020 Census. And in communities that have high immigrant and/or minority populations, that could result in bad undercounts. Undercounts that are bad enough could result in districts, especially those that are done by independent commissions, being inadvertently redrawn in ways that don t accurately represent the states  populations.It could also result in impoverished, high-immigrant communities seeing necessary federal dollars drain away from programs they depend on.Now, okay, the Census is still three years away. But Trump s funding cuts have already forced them to scrap plans for some new field offices that would help the Census go more smoothly, and has also forced them to cancel the dry runs they do every decade in the run-up to the actual Census. That tells us that just conducting the 2020 Census is very likely to be problematic.They re asking us to do it online this year (partly as a cost-cutting measure, because of course), which raises cybersecurity concerns and could exacerbate immigrants  and minorities  fears of having ICE come knock at their door, or having asshat racists attack and/or harass them. Following hacks courtesy of everyone from Russia to the Shadow Brokers (who recently hacked the NSA), they re going to have one hell of a time convincing us that our data will be safe and secure.The problems Trump and the GOP are causing for the Census are nothing to shrug at. So much of the way this country is run depends on an accurate Census count, and they re going to have a really difficult time.Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
1839, Alec Baldwin Makes Bombshell Announcement That’s Going To ENRAGE Trump,"If things keep going as they are, we may see a surprising candidate on the 2020 presidential ballot. Our favorite Donald Trump impersonator could be running against Trump.59-year-old Alec Baldwin might throw his hat in the ring, because according to him, there s no one who can beat Trump. I would love to run for office because I think people need something different. I think that all the people that are on deck in 2020, none of them are going to win,  the 59-year-old actor   who plays Trump on  Saturday Night Live    told  Extra  in an interview released Tuesday.Without naming names, Baldwin reiterated,  None of those people are going to beat him. Source: The HillBaldwin s wife doesn t seem to be on board. During the interview, she shook her head and said,  we re not going to do that. Baldwin, though warned that if Trump were to be reelected, things would be a lot worse. You think things are bad now?  the performer added.  I ll tell you when things are going to be worse   if he wins again. Baldwin has been playing Trump for a while now, to popular acclaim. He performed both that role and the role of Bill O Reilly on Saturday Night Live on Saturday.Here s the video:That s not the same as actually being president, though, but the fact that Trump is in office could ironically be reason Baldwin might stand a chance.Baldwin is a popular liberal who has long been very vocal about politics, but he s no stranger to controversy. In 2013, he left a message for his daughter calling her a  rude thoughtless pig.  Last year, he called a reporter by a gay slur.In normal political times, Baldwin s lack of political experience, along with his caught-on-tape controversies, would be an immediate deal breaker, but these are not normal times. Baldwin s flaws are far less glaring than Trump s. Then again, Democrats are always held to a higher standard than Republicans.Featured image via D. Dipasupil/Getty Images. ",0
1840, Women In The World Founder Has The PERFECT Description For Trump’s Crazy Presidency (VIDEO),"This past week was the annual Women in the World Summit. It s a place that celebrates women who have a voice, and who speak for those who do not. It is a place of celebration, discussion, strategy, and empowerment. It is also a place for women to speak their minds. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton definitely spoke her mind on that stage. Now that the Summit is over, its founder, Tina Brown, is sounding off on Donald Trump s presidency.Appearing on CNN s Reliable Sources, Brown told host Brian Stelter of what it feels like to watch Trump: It s almost like being in the ward of a mental hospital half the time, with what s going on with Trump. I mean, you can t make this up. Stelter then asks,  You mean we re all the patients of the mental hospital? Brown responds: You know, watching his behavior, you know it s like watching out of control that s what makes it such riveting viewing. He seems so  his entire administration seems to be so out of control. Unfortunately it s addictive. Stelter then joked about a New Yorker cartoon that quipped about people  binge watching CNN,  and asked Brown if that was a bad thing. Brown responded: It s a disastrous thing, because, you know, you re actually talking about very serious things that are not being discussed, and that is what is so scary about it. I mean, I was thinking the other day, how many hours have been spent by everybody in Washington in the you know, last two months, whether it is the Intelligence community or the National Security community.. everybody trying to retrofit the crazy tweet about being eavesdropped by Obama. It s like the need to backfill his mendacity by so many different agencies is the most time-consuming thing right now in government. Stelter then lamented: It was a month ago, and we re never going to get that month back. Brown concluded: Think about all the things that weren t done in that month. Tina Brown is correct. It s like being in a mental hospital, or perhaps in the back of a car driven by a very drunk driver who thinks he is sober and refuses to stop so people who know better can hop out. The people who have the power to take us off this crazy train won t, so we re stuck. Hopefully, we survive.Watch the fascinating exchange below:Tina Brown:  It s almost like being in the ward of a mental hospital half the time, with what s going on with Trump  https://t.co/DH6Ywnnfni  Reliable Sources (@ReliableSources) April 2, 2017Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1841, ‘Alt-Right’ Leader Richard Spencer Was Just Punched In The Head AGAIN Then Glitter Bombed,"Richard Spencer, who has the most punchable face in the U.S., just got clocked upside the head again. The Alt-Right leader (neo-Nazi) was also glitter-bombed as well.On Twitter, Spencer has been vocal about his opposition to Trump s military strikes in Syria but that won t help his public image since the leader of the white supremacist faction on the right has elevated himself in the spotlight since just before the U.S. presidential election last year while promoting racist rhetoric.Spencer was confronted at a demonstration in Washington, D.C., against the military strikes against Syria. The Alti-Right leader spoke to the crowd at the rally then he was confronted by counter-protesters who shouted  Go home Nazis  and called him a  Nazi snowflake,  according to Anti-Fascist News.The confrontation between the two groups became heated then the counter-protesters chased Spencer across the park as police followed along.The police protected Spencer and his Nazi buddies.Secret Service & cops in Washington DC protecting Richard Spencer & Nazis from #NoWarNoNazis. Spencer tries to leave & fight breaks out. pic.twitter.com/ctqirN0q4U  Ash J (@AshAgony) April 8, 2017Richard Spencer ran into a taxi in Washington DC & got surrounded by #Antifa. Cops came & tried to protect him. #NoWarNoNazis pic.twitter.com/yHVV0hlK5b  Ash J (@AshAgony) April 9, 2017Spencer tried to get into a taxi, but counter-protesters pulled him out of the vehicle, according to the Antifa site. When he was getting into the cab he was allegedly pulled out by counter-protesters, punched, and glitter bombed,  the site reports.  In a video posted on Periscope shortly thereafter, Spencer said what happened was that Antifa disallowed him to get in his  getaway  car and the police instructed him to get in a cab. Once he was in one the cab driver (who Spencer mocked for being of Indian origin) got out of the cab, frightened of the ensuing protesters, and Spencer had to take off running. Then he was glitter bombed.Here's the gif of Richard Spencer getting glitter bombed: https://t.co/4YJzkYFdxp? pic.twitter.com/fwxlLFdUt7  Brett Banditelli (@banditelli) April 9, 2017Spencer assured his followers that he s OK.I m okay, fam.  Richard ?? Spencer (@RichardBSpencer) April 9, 2017This isn t Spencer s first time being smacked upside the head. It s his third.richard spencer, with tears streaming down his face, resetting the ""days since i have been punched"" back to 0 again  Kind Words Online (@kissesfingers) April 9, 2017In fact, Spencer was punched in the head twice in one day, one time by a woman. #PunchANaziDay quickly went viral on Twitter then memes and gifs were created.During a live interview while in D.C. for alleged president Donald Trump s Inauguration, he was punched in the face.The attack was celebrated by many, and video of Spencer being punched in the face quickly turned into a viral meme.Twitter users set the moment to music and it went crazy on the Internet.this is as patriotic as I ve felt in a long time pic.twitter.com/yiVxd8semM  ron dickles (@prttybadtweeter) January 21, 2017Spencer advocates for  peaceful ethnic cleansing,  however, I m not sure how he would accomplish that without violence.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1842, Trump Builds Helipad At Mar-A-Lago So He Can Avoid Protesters While Golfing Each Weekend,"Trump s weekend trips to Mar-a-Lago and his nearby golf course have repeatedly been met with crowds of protesters. Just yesterday, protesters surprised Trump by showing up on his route to his golf course despite the fact that he had tried to keep the trip a secret. How d they know? Unfortunately for Trump, protesters correctly guessed that just 48 hours after he kickstarted a war in Syria he would probably be back on his golf course.Pool: Motorcade passed ""group of about a dozen protesters w/ signs reading ""Resign,"" ""Loser,"" and ""Impeach Trump"" outside the golf course.""  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) April 8, 2017Trump clearly doesn t enjoy seeing reminders that his presidency is highly unpopular. This appears to be Trump s solution:The newest addition to Mar a Lago  a helipad and Trump chopper. pic.twitter.com/Hxb8QyR8Uu  Vivian Salama (@vmsalama) April 9, 2017Trump s administration claims the helipad was built to carry Trump from the airport to his resort without interrupting traffic. They also conceded that traffic will likely still be blocked off or otherwise disrupted near the resort each time he is in town   roughly once a week. And like everything Trump does, the helipad comes at the expense of the average people unlucky enough to live nearby Trump s resort.When the proposal was first drawn up, it faced criticism for its disruptions to the lives of those around the area:Jesse H. Diner, a Fort Lauderdale attorney representing Woodbridge Avenue resident Nancy deMoss, urged commissioners to hold off on approving the project until they consider alternatives to the location. These are big helicopters, they re like flying tanks,  Diner said.DeMoss requires around-the-clock health care that has been impacted by Trump s weekend visits. Diner said she and her family is worried that the loud helicopters will be a nuisance, and she is uncomfortable with the U.S. Coast Guard boats sporting guns when Trump is in town.Trump went ahead with the plan anyway.Adding more absurdity, Trump s personal helicopter appears to be using the helipad this weekend. The official Marine One, nor Trump, have used the helipad so far, but a giant helicopter with Trump s name printed in red across the tail sat in its spot. Trump s staff said it would be  staged  there until Sunday   a shameless photo op attempt.It s also not clear whether Trump or taxpayers are paying for the helipad used exclusively to indulge Trump s golf obsession. The helipad was registered by the National Trust for Historic Preservation suggesting Trump wants to treat his helipad as a site of national significance as if it s Mount Rushmore and not an excuse for Trump to take more vacations.If the cost of the helipad indeed comes out of the pockets of taxpayers it will be a stiff addition to the already $23 million Trump has spent taking vacations while president for just 11 weeks. At this rate, Trump is projected to eclipse Obama s entire cost of travel in just 10 months.It s for this reason that Trump appears desperate to rebrand his opulent resort as the  Southern White House  in order to deflect criticisms that he s too often partying there instead of doing the job of president. It would be unsurprising to find that someday Trump renames the 18th hole at his Florida golf course after the Oval Office.Featured image via Twitter",0
1843, O’Reilly And Trump Bond Over Sexual Harassment In Alec Baldwin’s Most Creative SNL Skit Yet (VIDEO),"We all love seeing Alec Baldwin portray Donald Trump on Saturday Night Live, but last night he pulled another ace out of his sleeve when he debuted as Bill O Reilly. But it gets better   Baldwin s Bill O Reilly interviews Baldwin s Donald Trump!As the sketch opens, O Reilly addresses his audience on a serious note: Hello, I m Bill O Reilly, and I hope you are having a terrific evening, The subject of tonight s Talking Points Memo is a scandal everyone s been talking about all week. A scandal no one thought I would have the guts to address head on. It appears he s going to address his sexual harassment issues, but instead he reveals his true talking point: The shocking allegations of the abuse of power that have been leveled against the Obama administration. He then attempts to introduce Fox News reporter Laurie Dhue (one of the actual women who received a settlement after filing a sexual harassment suit). After he s told that she no longer works for Fox News, O Reilly asks,  Well, did she receive the check? After speaking to another female reporter who, for obvious reasons, had to stay 500 yards away from him, he goes on to address the issues he s having with sponsors leaving the show. As you know, 60 of our sponsors have pulled ads from the program,  O Reilly said, before going to commercial break.  No word as to why yet. We thank the following for sticking with us. After that, fake ads played for dog cocaine and horse Cialis. Now this is hard for me to discuss, but I also have been in the news this week,  Baldwin s O Reilly said after the break.  Several women have come forward and accused me of offering them exciting opportunities here at Fox News. Beyond that, the details are fuzzy, but one man was brave enough to come to my defense. A man who is unimpeachable on all female issues. Cue Donald Trump who did, in real life, come to O Reilly s defense this past week. The two then appear together in split screen. I actually see a lot of myself in you, Bill,  Baldwin s Trump said, calling himself a  big fan  of the host. O Reilly then thanks him for his support and asks him if he is actually familiar with the case. I m more familiar with this case than, say, health care, but I didn t really look into it much, no. I was busy being super presidential by bombing a bunch of shit. Baldwin s O Reilly then thanked him for promoting Sexual Assault Awareness Month and Trump said: That s right, Bill. It s a subject near and dear to my hands. Watch the full video below:Featured image via video screenshot",0
1844, Rep. Ted Lieu Issues Blistering Takedown Of Trump’s Illegal Missile Strike (VIDEO),"Anyone who knows anything about the separation of powers understands that a president cannot just unilaterally take military action. He needs approval from Congress to execute an act of war. However, since Donald Trump is president and he seems to think he is somehow above the law, he doesn t bother with silly little details like that. As a result, we got his launching of 59 Tomahawk missiles into a Syrian airfield. It turns out that quite a few people in Congress believe what Trump did to be potentially illegal. One such person is Rep. Ted Lieu (D-CA).Rep. Lieu is one of Trump s harshest critics and perhaps his most prolific Twitter troll. When it came to Trump s military action in Syria, Lieu did not mince words. Speaking with MSNBC s Katy Tur, Lieu said: Clearly, the president can take limited actions that the Congress has authorized such as going against terrorists who were involved with 9/11 or in terms of Iraq when Congress authorized the use of force in 2002, but there s been no congressional authorization to launch fifty-nine cruise missiles at a country that has not attacked us. Donald Trump s action last night was unconstitutional. He should not do it again. Rep. Lieu then went on to explain his problems with the launch and the dangers of taking such drastic action with no authorization and no clear strategy, after being asked if he would have authorized this action if he had been given the opportunity to do so: I might have if he would have articulated a strategy, and that is one of my fundamental problems with what he did. There has been no coherent strategy from the Trump administration. Last week, they signaled they were okay with Assad even though he had previously killed hundreds of thousands of people in Syria and used chemical weapons. Last night, they attacked the Assad regime. We need to know what is the Trump administration thinking and what is their long-term strategy in Syria? Rep. Lieu is right. Trump s actions went against the Constitution. He cannot unilaterally make war. Further, he is clearly an erratic, impulsive man. Said erratic, impulsive man now has the power to destroy the world with one temper tantrum. Therefore, more than ever, it is absolutely imperative that Congress use its Article I powers to check and balance this dangerously unstable president.Watch Rep. Lieu s remarks below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1845," Alec Baldwin Just Put Trump’s Idiot Supporters In Their Place, And It Was Beautiful (VIDEO)","Saturday Night Live returned with a stellar cold open that featured Alec Baldwin s Trump heading to Kentucky for a town hall with a bunch of   as  Trump  put it    people who don t just whisper  oh god what s happening after I leave the room. The sketch featured The Donald listening to the concerns of his voters on healthcare, drug rehabilitation, and environmental hazards then explaining to them one by one that he s getting right of all of them but the last one. And, of course, one by one, they expressed dismay that their Dear Leader would take away things they love (like medical care) but still threw their support behind him because Trump supporters are (as science tells us) not exactly the sharpest tool in a box containing a mixed metaphor. It s like you found a finger in your chili and you re still going to eat the chili because you told everyone how much you love chili,  Baldwin-Trump told his audience.This is probably the best insult that has ever been leveled at Trump s supporters by humankind. As Trump once said, he could shoot someone in the middle of 5th Avenue and not lose a single voter. No matter what he does, who he hurts, or which prostitutes urinate on his hotel room bed, his people will stand behind him because they are exactly as proud as they are stupid   and they will never admit they made a mistake.Watch the cold open below: Featured image via screengrab",0
1846, Sean Penn TORE Steve Bannon To RIBBONS After Being Asked About About Working Together,"Sean Penn is not exactly one to mince words, and he didn t mince words when he was asked about the time he worked with Steve Bannon on a film project. Bannon has a heavy history of bankrolling and doing other work on films, even as recently as 2012. He was an executive producer for  The Indian Runner,  which was Penn s first time directing.Penn was not nice when talking about Bannon, and that s putting it mildly. He actually said: Bannon was then, as he is now, simply another bitter Hollywood wannabe who went rogue by way of toxic narcissistic iconoclasm. But, deep in his heart, he s just a conniving hateful bloated punk who despises mankind. And then there are also the bad things about him And then there are also the bad things about him  Wow. Just wow. We ve known since Bannon came into the spotlight a year ago that he was a complete dick who loves bullying people. Earlier this year, film critic Ann Hornaday wrote a piece for the Washington Post that talks about what we can learn about Bannon from watching the films he made.Many of his films are directly tied to his worldview   in fact, he s an extreme right-wing version of Michael Moore in that respect. He s spent a lot of time attacking  the permanent political class,  in his films, along with  hippies and community organizers  who allegedly hate this country and hate the Constitution. He s gone after Hillary Clinton and President Obama, but also Dick Cheney and George W. Bush. In short, he hates the whole world and everyone in it who doesn t see it exactly the way he does.Which seems to be exactly what Penn was describing in his mini-diatribe.Bannon is also someone who issues threats and ultimatums and strong-arms people into doing things his way. His narcissistic ego likely suffered a massive blow when he tried to bully Republicans on their farce of a healthcare bill by saying,  This is not a discussion. This is not a debate. You have no choice but to vote for this bill. Even before that sorry excuse of a bill failed, just the idea of Republicans not following his orders was enough for him to urge Trump to create a  shit list.  When Republicans scoffed in his general direction over his  orders,  it was very likely a humiliating defeat for him.So  he s just a conniving hateful bloated punk who despises mankind,  is a damned accurate description of him.Image of Sean Penn by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images for The Hollywood Reporter. Image of Steve Bannon by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1847, BREAKING: This New Analysis BAD News For Obamacare Haters (DETAILS),"Paul Ryan is all over Twitter chanting  repeal and replace,  and proclaiming the ACA a disaster. Trump has said repeatedly that it s going to explode (and it ll be on the Democrats  heads when it does). They re all spewing dire warnings about insurers leaving the marketplace in 2018, and yet, they still don t have a plan, which is a worse failure than anything since they had seven years to do it. And unfortunately for them, there s a new analysis out that points to something besides their dire predictions.Standard & Poor s took a look at the performance of many Blue Cross Blue Shield plans across nearly 36 states, and found that the insurers under Blue Cross Blue Shield actually reduced their losses in 2016, will probably break even this year, and will start seeing a profit from the marketplace in 2018.S&P bluntly gives the lie to the GOP s cries of  death spirals  with this:After years in which many insurers lost money, then lost even more in 2015,  we are seeing the first signs in 2016 that this market could be manageable for most health insurers,  the Standard & Poor s analysts said. The  market is not in a  death spiral. A majority of Americans want Congress to fix the ACA, not  repeal and replace  it anymore. Their sorry attempt at passing a healthcare bill last month further damaged their already-destroyed credibility on the issue, and nearly 70 percent of Americans want to keep the parts of the ACA that are working, and fix the parts that aren t working so well.Also, according to a Kaiser Family Foundation report, 33 percent of Americans say that Republicans are responsible for the failure of their farce of a healthcare plan, and another 28 percent say Trump is responsible. Only 25 percent of those surveyed blame Democrats for the bill s failure.It s true that insurers are threatening to pull out of the ACA s marketplace, which will leave some places with only one carrier or without any at all in the marketplace. That s something that could have been changed or prevented if the GOP had actually managed to get something together over the last seven years.Depending on what happens this year, though, that could change. If it does, then Republicans will be out of excuses.Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images",0
1848," Former GOP Rep. Thinks Adam Schiff Should Recuse Himself From Russia Probe Too, Because Reasons","Earlier this week, Devin Nunes finally recused himself from the House Intel Committee s probe on Russian election tampering, putting Mike Conaway of Texas in charge. Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the panel, remains in place. Schiff has been working tirelessly to ensure that Nunes  decision to leak classified info, and to talk to Agent Cheeto before the rest of his committee, doesn t derail the House s investigation any more than it has to.But some Republicans are apparently unhappy with Schiff still being there. One such Republican is former House Intel Chairman Mike Rogers, who seems to think that if Nunes had to recuse himself from the probe, then Schiff should likewise recuse himself. His reasoning is almost as batty as Mike Conaway s reasoning that Mexican performing artists are the same as Russian hackers: Representative Adam Schiff should consider recusing himself from the probe. For his part, Schiff suggested to the media that he had seen information on Russia-Trump campaign ties that was  the kind of evidence  that would be presented to a grand jury, adding that he had seen additional evidence, but not elaborating further. He went on to ask how the committee could continue doing its business when secret information is publicly discussed, even by innuendo. Except Schiff didn t go running to others with documents in hand. He simply explained how he interpreted what he had seen, without revealing what he had seen.Republicans seem to be incapable of making valid comparisons.Rogers has a serious problem with Schiff because he believes that Schiff politicized the committee s investigation. He couldn t be more wrong. It was Nunes who politicized it when he took information directly to Trump before presenting it to the rest of the committee.Rogers is right about one thing: The committee needs to get back on track as soon as possible. That won t happen without Schiff, though, because he s been relentless in trying to keep the committee on track. Rogers  call for him to recuse himself positively reeks of,  No fair! We gave someone up so now you have to! Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
1849, Paul Ryan Makes PERFECT Argument For Medicare For All; Dumbass Didn’t Even Realize (TWEETS),"Sometimes you just need to let people talk and they ll eventually say what you have been saying the whole time. Albeit, it may be accidental. And in this case, liberals should take what they can get when it comes to Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) giving a the perfect argument for Medicare for all. They should also not let him forget it.While trying to make the Affordable Care Act look bad, Ryan accidentally made the perfect argument for Medicare for all.Ryan tweeted out: With another insurer leaving the Iowa insurance market, more Americans will be left without a choice when it comes to their health care. With another insurer leaving the Iowa insurance market, more Americans will be left without a choice when it comes to their health care. https://t.co/4agdcFoqLz  Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) April 8, 2017Then follows it up with this: Five Iowa counties will now be left with just two health insurers, while the rest will only have one option. This is unacceptable. Five Iowa counties will now be left with just two health insurers, while the rest will only have one option. This is unacceptable.  Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) April 8, 2017Now, first of all, if Iowa had set up Obamacare properly, they d have their own health exchange and not put you to the national website. This would have also subsequently given Iowa insurers the ability to work directly with the state. Secondly, when for-profit companies are given the ability to mess with people s care for the sake of profit and to try to prove a point that something  isn t working  they will do so.Thus, when all is said and done, this is the perfect argument for Medicare for all, OR at least a public option. A public option would provide a guaranteed option for citizens of any state, as well as provide competition in the for-profit world of health insurance, which would then drive down costs across the board (yay, true capitalism and not a manipulative market!). Medicare for all would be ideal, yet not as realistic at the moment, and would provide care to every single American. Imagine that! Taxes being used for tax payers!When all is said and done, we can thank Paul Ryan for this perfect meme to use against him time and time again. Well done, Speaker!Featured Photo by Olivier Douliery/Getty Images",0
1850, Images Of Trump Golfing In Florida Leak Despite Him Ordering Press Pool To Stay Inside,"Trump s war on  leakers  who make him look bad by exposing his lies is about to escalate. On Saturday, a CNN reporter managed to snap a few pictures of Trump playing golf for the 15th time as president, despite efforts by his staff to stop it. No doubt, the reporter will face recriminations from the Trump team for doing his job.This is the state our nation has been reduced to: A president so committed to vacations in the face of dismal approval ratings that he locks his press pool up to avoid getting caught doing what he knows looks really, really bad. When they report on it, they get attacked.President Trump playing a round of golf Saturday at his club in West Palm Beach pic.twitter.com/aJ4utIM8po  Kevin Liptak (@Kevinliptakcnn) April 8, 2017The photo is blurry and obscured because Trump did not want to be photographed and took all steps to avoid it. According to the press pool, reporters trailing Trump were held in a library while Trump golfed outside. CNN reporter Ken Tuohey managed to get a few shots anyways.POTUS back at Trump International Golf Course .Pool report pic.twitter.com/RINNs2q8Yh  Eric Lipton (@EricLiptonNYT) April 8, 2017They probably considered themselves lucky. On other occasions, Trump s staff has gone to absurd lengths to prevent them from getting any pictures of Trump while he s golfing. At one point, they began taping garbage bags over windows in the rooms reporters were held so they couldn t see outside. It s not entirely clear why reporters didn t just tear them down aside from undeserved politeness towards the president.Trump's press corps has been placed in a basement suite at Jupiter golf club. Black plastic over windows to give Trump privacy as he golfs. pic.twitter.com/8zbqi5HGSD  Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) February 11, 2017Trump has also repeatedly lied about golfing. Several weeks in a row, Trump claimed he was in serious  meetings  only to later be photographed golfing. In a baffling move that makes one wonder if he wants to be caught, Trump apparently wears the exact same outfit every time he golfs. His red ball cap, white polo shirt and golf gloves serve as a blatant tell while he tries to lie.No details from @WhiteHouse on today's @POTUS ""meetings."" Attire and mode of transport suggest more leisurely pursuits at his golf course. pic.twitter.com/A8SsM415Js  Steve Herman (@W7VOA) March 25, 2017The most disturbing part in all of this is just how stubborn Trump appears to be on this front. He just can t stop golfing. Each time he does, he opens himself up to relentless criticism. It s his 15th vacation in 11 weeks. He s spent $23 million in travel expenses. He s golfing while his own White House implodes. But rather than just, say, skip a weekend of golf, he keeps going back.That s a particularly disturbing pathology in a man who wants us to believe he s an effective president.Featured image via Twitter",0
1851, Dummy-In-Chief Requests Fewer Words And More Pictures Be Used In Intelligence Briefings,"While on the campaign trail in 2016, Donald Trump told his supporters at a rally in South Carolina, I m very highly educated. I know words, I know the best words. But there s no better word than stupid.  Trump was referring to President Barack Obama as  stupid.  However, Obama will be looked back fondly in history as probably one of our greatest presidents, a great orator who inspired the masses, and Trump will not.In January, Trump began receiving his intelligence briefings and his team made a request for fewer words to be used and instead, to use more pictures.The Washington Post reports:The president, they said, was a visual and auditory learner. Would the briefers please cut down on the number of words in the daily briefing book and instead use more graphics and pictures?Similarly, after Trump entered office, his staff took President Barack Obama s Syria contingency plans and broke the intelligence down into more-digestible bites, complete with photos, according to current and former U.S. officials with knowledge of the request.According to senior administration officials and members of Congress who spoke with Trump, it was the image of young, listless children being splashed with water in a frantic attempt to cleanse them of the nerve agent and another one of an anguished father holding his twin babies, swathed in soft white fabric, poisoned to death, that prompted the alleged president to take action after watching cable news.Trump allegedly told his senior staff that the images and footage of what was taking place in Syria was  horrible  and  awful. We can agree that it is, however, it s more likely that Trump is using this as a distraction. After all, this widely circulated photograph of Alan Kurdi, a young refugee child who drowned to death, apparently never disturbed Donald Trump.Trump was also opposed to Obama s attempt to strike Syria when a sarin nerve gas attack left more than 1,400 dead outside of Damascus in 2013. There were images of children who were victims of that gas attack were reported online and on the news, too.Quick question: Ever since Trump ordered a strike on Syria, how much of the news cycle has covered his administration s ties to Russia? Or his conflicts of interest, etc, etc, etc.Image of Alan Kurdi via Wikipedia. Image of the amateur president: screen capture via Trump Draws on Twitter.",0
1852, Everyone KNEW Trump Would Be Golfing Again – So Protesters Were Totally Ready When He Showed Up,"There are only three things for certain in this world: Death, taxes, and Trump golfing every weekend. Today featured all three in a way.Two days ago, Trump spent around $90 million in tax dollars to bomb an empty airbase in Syria. The symbolic attack did little to stop the Syrian government s ability to bomb its citizens   bombers were reportedly back to using the airstrip just hours later   but it had the effect of inflaming already high tensions between the United States and supporters of the Syrian regime in Russia and Iran.So covering death and taxes, Trump moved onto golf.The fact that he would go on vacation just days after creating an international crisis was so painfully obvious that protesters planned for it. When Trump s motorcade was spotted on route to his golf course in Florida, the signs came out to greet him. According to reporters riding with Trump, the stuff Trump saw should put to rest any notion that he isn t aware that much of the country despises him.Pool: Motorcade passed ""group of about a dozen protesters w/ signs reading ""Resign,"" ""Loser,"" and ""Impeach Trump"" outside the golf course.""  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) April 8, 2017It s not clear yet whether Trump plans to lie about his golf outing as he s done in previous weeks. By a rough count, Trump has golfed around 15 times since becoming president 11 weeks ago. Many of those vacations were done in secret, with his staff covering for him with claims that he was in  meetings.  Inevitably, pictures of Trump in golf attire hitting the links turn up online exposing just how shameless this administration is.The fact that protesters can be so certain that Trump will be golfing   even after committing America to a possible war in Syria   is incredibly disheartening. You can plan your day around the assumption that the most powerful person in the country will be slipping into golfing shoes every single weekend. Hilariously, this criticism was most clearly leveled by one of Trump s biggest defenders: Sean Hannity.In 2013, Hannity hypocritically slammed Obama of playing golf during the Syrian civil war.The war in Syria rages on but so far Hannity hasn t complained about any one of Trump s 15 golf outings. Odd. And further undermining Hannity s complaint: Trump has spent so much time golfing that he s now spent a quarter of Obama s total cost in travel expenses in just his first 11 weeks. By the end of his first year, he will have cost the American taxpayer over $100 million.Report: Obama's travel expenses were $97m over eight years. Trump is at $23m in 10 wks https://t.co/7PmdQryBmO  Brandon Pope TV (@BpopeTV) April 8, 2017Featured image via  Ian MacNicol/Getty Images",0
1853," Dan Rather Condemns Trump’s Reality Show Tactics In Syria, RIPS Media For Calling Act ‘Presidential’","Unless you ve been living under a rock for the past few days, you now know that our idiot wannabe  president  just used military resources and spent god knows how many millions of taxpayer dollars just to put on a little show in Syria that, instead of making him look good, embarrassed America and pissed off most of the world. It might even have pissed off Russia, though we re still of the belief that Putin was in on this whole scheme.Before Trump fake-attacked Syria late Thursday night, he warned his BFF Putin, who in turn, warned his allies in Syria, who then evacuated the base and surrounding areas. Sadly, 16 innocent civilians were killed in this needless, unforgivable display. Among them, women and children from a local village. The SAME women and children that he stood at his podium Thursday, chest puffed out, promising to protect. Sorry, asshole   your little publicity stunt backfired and you will have to answer for that one day   the sooner the better.What makes this whole f*cked up situation even more disgusting is that journalists all over have been ignoring the obvious   Trump did this as a distraction from investigations into his collusion with Russia and to gain support to boost his record low poll numbers   and they are actually praising him for this act! One of these journalists, shockingly, was CNN host Fareed Zakaria who went on CNN s New Day and said the unthinkable: I think Donald Trump became president of the United States last night. I think this was actually a big moment. After watching his fellow journalists essentially roll over and cave to whatever mystical powers Trump seems to have over the people who support him, one famed and beloved journalist wasn t having it. Dan Rather took to Facebook Friday with a scathing post that ripped those journalists, and especially Donald Trump, to shreds. To Trump, he had this to say:The President of the United States is the Commander in Chief. It is an awesome responsibility. Committing the use of force and American men and women in uniform is about as serious as it gets. But the truly great presidents understand that knowing when NOT to act is as important as knowing when to act.It is a whole lot easier starting wars than finishing them. And there are many historical examples of where a promise of limited engagement quickly metastasized into something much bigger.There is a tendency to rally around the flag, and a president who takes on a war footing can see a boost of support. It is often transitory. There are arguments to be made that President Assad in Syria has crossed a line that demands U.S. military interference. Whether this should have been a unilateral action is something we all must consider. Whether President Trump has a plan for what comes next must be debated. Whether there is a coherence to this missile strike fitting into a larger foreign policy strategy is a question that should give us all pause.He goes on to slay the media and puts them in their place, reminding them that it is their job to ask hard questions. Rather says:There is ample evidence that this Administration needs to face deep scrutiny. The lies we have heard, the chaos in governance, and the looming questions about ties with Russia   itself a major player in Syria   demand that the press treat this latest action with healthy skepticism.He concludes his post with a dire warning that we should all pay very close attention to:The number of members of the press who have lauded the actions last night as  presidential  is concerning. War must never be considered a public relations operation. It is not a way for an administration to gain a narrative. It is a step into a dangerous unknown and its full impact is impossible to predict, especially in the immediate wake of the first strike.What will happen next remains unknown, but one thing is for certain   we can t forget our principles and cave to this monster, no matter how bright and shiny he makes the future sound. He s a liar, a sexual predator, most likely a criminal, and he s most certainly a con artist whose only real public experience was having a reality television show with a famous tagline. That is all he is. Don t forget that.But, we should always keep hope alive that one day soon we will get to say to him,  You re FIRED!  That will be a glorious day!You can read Dan Rather s heartfelt post in its entirety here.Featured image via Getty/Kirk Irwin",0
1854, Bill O’Reilly’s Show Bizarrely Cut Short In Wake Of Advertisers’ Mass Exodus (DETAILS),"The New York Times recently published a bombshell story about the culture of sexual harassment at Fox News, and their star host, Bill O Reilly, is at the center of it. The Times story says that O Reilly and Fox News paid five women more than $13 million in hush money who accused O Reilly of sexually harassing them. As a result, more than 50 important advertisers have pulled out of advertising their goods on The O Reilly Factor.In fact, so many ads have been pulled that Thursday s show included almost no ads at all, and certainly none from nationally recognized brands. Seemingly, as a result of all of these companies running as far and fast as they can from the public relations nightmare that is Bill O Reilly, the Thursday night edition of O Reilly s show was bizarrely cut short.There was no explanation for the abrupt ending to O Reilly s broadcast. The show usually lasts an hour, but was only on for 45 minutes. Throughout the show, O Reilly had kept promising a funny segment with Jesse Waters, who usually goes out and talks to people on the street in a mean-spirited segment meant to embarrass people and make them look bad on the air. That segment never came.Instead of the Waters segment, at the end of O Reilly s strangely short show, fellow Fox anchor Shep Smith spent the extra 15 minutes reporting on the goings on in Syria. This was prior to the world knowing that Trump had launched 59 tomahawk cruise missiles into a Syrian airfield in response to the chemical weapons attack, so it s not like this was any sort of breaking news segment.When O Reilly s extra 15 minutes was up, Smith s time ended, and Tucker Carlson s show started right on cue, with no mention of what happened to O Reilly, and no explanation.Hopefully, this is a sign that Bill O Reilly is on his way out at Fox, and his toxic message will poison the airwaves no more.Featured image via video screen capture",0
1855, Federal Judge Just Gave Attorney General Jeff Sessions A Huge F*ck You,"A federal judge just proudly gave Jeff Sessions the middle finger by approving Baltimore s police reforms even after the attorney general had voiced his opposition.The Justice Department began investigating the Baltimore Police Department in 2014 after news reports that they had paid out millions to settle upwards of 100 lawsuits over police brutality and misconduct. Following the death of Freddie Gray in 2015, the investigation intensified. The DOJ, which was still under former President Obama at the time, found widespread unconstitutional and discriminatory practices.Mother Jones reports:  Earlier this week, Sessions ordered a review of all consent decrees between police departments and the Justice Department. Department lawyers asked the US district court in Baltimore to put off approving the consent decree for at least 30 days so the new administration could review it. I have grave concerns that some provisions of this decree will reduce the lawful powers of the police department and result in a less safe city,  Sessions said in a scathing statement.  Make no mistake, Baltimore is facing a violent crime crisis. On Friday, US District Judge James Bredar told Sessions to go to hell, informing him that  the time for negotiating the agreement is over. The case is no longer in a phase where any party is unilaterally entitled to reconsider the terms of the settlement; the parties are bound to each other by their prior agreement,  Bredar wrote.  The time for negotiating the agreement is over. The only question now is whether the Court needs more time to consider the proposed decree. It does not. According to Sessions, the agreement was put together in a rush at the very end of Obama s presidency and it looks like he is right. The final report was issued last summer but after Trump was elected, officials reportedly scrambled to get everything finalized, and for good reason. Because they managed to complete this particular task before Obama left office, Sessions  hands are now tied.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1856, Syria Is EXACTLY What Noam Chomsky Warned Us About A Week Ago,"Donald Trump decided to bomb Syria on Wednesday in response to a chemical attack on the Syrian people. Watching the new reports, I couldn t help but think of an article I wrote just last week about a warning from Noam Chomsky that now looks like more of a prediction.In an interview with Alternet, Chomsky said that if Trump s approval ratings continue to plummet we should be ready for  the possibility that there would be some kind of staged or alleged terrorist act, which can change the country instantly. To be clear, by  staged or alleged terrorist attack,  Chomsky doesn t necessarily mean fake. Speaking to Truthout just days later, the noted scholar explained that Trump could simply take advantage of the situation should an attack occur and  exploit it. If that happens, we can expect that the Trump-Bannon crowd will seek to divert attention in one of the many familiar ways   perhaps conjuring up some threat to American security (or if there is one, exploiting it). Or, perhaps, scapegoating the most vulnerable: immigrants, Muslims, welfare recipients (one of Reagan s disgusting techniques), and other available targets,  Chomsky explained.  That could turn very ugly. It could lead to the  friendly fascism  that sociologist Bertram Gross predicted 30 years ago. Or worse. And then comes Syria. While we are still sorting out all the details, one thing is for certain: Trump doesn t give a damn about Syrian babies. If he was worried about these people, he wouldn t have tried repeatedly to stop all Syrian refugees from entering the country as part of his bigoted Muslim ban.So, if Trump didn t decide to bomb Syria because he was  heartbroken and outraged  over the deaths of these  beautiful babies,  why would he do it? Simple. Chomsky already answered this question. He did it because nothing galvanizes a country and boosts approval ratings like a war. And it s working.Naturally, Trump s supporters think bombing Syria was the greatest way ever to show the world who has the biggest   ahem   hands. But even Democrats, including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, are backing the move. Sens. John McCain and Lindsey Graham, who have both staunchly opposed Trump since the very beginning, are applauding Trump s retaliation against Assad as well.Trump s actions in Syria also provide another golden opportunity. Trump and Russia get to pretend they re mad at each other. And, of course, that will totally prove that they weren t colluding to steal the presidential election.It is also worth noting that Trump s airstrikes were largely a publicity stunt. Trump warned Russia of the impending attack about an hour before the first bombs started flying. And according to ABC, Russia warned Assad. As a result, most of the equipment and personnel held at the target air base were gone by the time the assault actually began.This is exactly what Chomsky warned us about a week ago. Trump looked at the atrocities taking place in Syria and saw a way to boost his popularity because he s desperate. It s all so transparent, it s sickening.Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
1857, Person Majority Of Americans Voted For SHREDS Incompetent Fool Over Syria Actions (VIDEO),"It can easily be said that Donald Trump has absolutely no idea what he is doing in regards to policy both domestic and foreign. He s a blundering fool who belongs nowhere near the Oval Office, and maybe he knows this considering how much time he spends away from it at his resorts.While many are commenting on the order given by Trump to deliver airstrikes on a Syrian airbase, one person who knows probably more than anyone about geopolitics weighed in with their opinion. That person is former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.Clinton actually agreed that action needed to be taken and hours before Trump gave the order, she suggested hitting Syrian airfields. She said: I really believe that we should have and still should take out his air fields and prevent him from being able to use them to bomb innocent people and drop sarin gas on them. However, Trump s strikes were ineffective at stopping anything, and unlike the *president, Clinton actually knows that a plan of follow up action needs to take place. She also knows that Trump can t say he cares about the slaughter of innocent children, but then also deny them refuge in the United States. It s hypocritical, to say the least.While speaking at the Women in the World conference in Texas, Clinton said: I hope this administration will move forward in a way that is both strategic and consistent with our values   And I also hope that they will recognize that we cannot in one breath speak of protecting Syrian babies and in the next close America s doors to them. And she is absolutely correct. Trump s move in Syria was purely symbolic. It was posturing and it did nothing but provide a different narrative for the news to talk about other than Russia helping Trump get elected.It s going to be up to Trump to move forward with an actual plan of action with Syria, but don t hold your breath.Watch Hillary Clinton show what true leadership looks like here:Hillary Clinton: US cannot, in one breath, speak of protecting Syrian babies and close America s doors to them https://t.co/QLRmvvoVHv pic.twitter.com/FPNms0NBkQ  CNN (@CNN) April 7, 2017Featured Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
1858, Syrian Air Base Trump Spent $80 Million Attacking Yesterday Already Up And On Bombing Raids Again,"The Syrian air base Trump spent $80 million bombing yesterday is reportedly back in business. It s been less than 24 hours.According to Syrian human rights observers, warplanes were seen using the airbase as part of their attacks on anti-government forces near Homs.Reuters:Syrian warplanes took off from an air base which was hit by U.S. cruise missiles on Friday, and carried out air strikes on rebel-held areas in the eastern Homs countryside, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.Trump received praise from right-wing politicians and media pundits giddy at the idea of another war for his  decisive  blow to the Syrian regime. Instead, it appears the attack did very little to undermine Assad s military.It did, however, escalate tensions in the region and inflame military posturing from Iran and Russia. According to Russian officials, the country will begin shipping anti-aircraft weapons into Syria in direct response to Trump s attack. A Russian war ship has also positioned itself near the two U.S. vessels responsible for firing the tomahawk missiles into Syria.Trump s attack on the Syrian air base had a staggering price tag. The guy who claimed America couldn t afford to pay for Meals on Wheels spent an estimated $60-80 million on the rockets alone. The entire cost for the military action is likely much higher.The attack itself was largely an empty gesture   provocative but meaningless. Trump warned Russia ahead of time (in order to allow Russian soldiers to leave the battlefield). The Russians tipped off the Syrians, who also evacuated before the first missile touched down. One estimate put the death toll at eight. It s not entirely clear if the real number is even that high.As for Trump, his motivation seemed clear: Publicity. A few years ago, Trump even hinted that this might be his response to sagging approval numbers when he projected his own insecurities onto then president Obama.Now that Obama s poll numbers are in tailspin   watch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran. He is desperate.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 9, 2012Trump, desperate and angry, suddenly thinks attacking Syria is an important military action. Surprise, surprise.Featured image via Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1859, Syria Strike Completely Backfires Against Trump; Even His Hard Core Supporters Are DONE,"In case you just woke up, the United States is now at war with Syria. It was waged without congressional approval and by a man who ran on a platform of isolationism. Now, his isolationist followers are pissed.It doesn t help that the favorite conspiracy theorist of Trump and his followers called the Assad attack on his own people a  false flag  designed to take us to war. According to his followers, Trump fell for it, hook, line and sinker. Or, he was lying to them all along.The Trump of weeks past was firmly against any action in Syria. He even accused President Obama of wanting to wage war in Syria over falling poll numbers. Now that Trump s poll numbers are in a complete tailspin, he desperately attacked Syria.Now that Obama s poll numbers are in tailspin   watch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran. He is desperate.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 9, 2012He also said that Obama would have had to get congressional approval. Obama tried to, but Trump didn t.The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 30, 2013Now that the man who s proven himself to have zero principles is occupying the White House, his rules have changed, but his supporters  haven t. They feel duped.Deep State really pushing for a conflict with Russia. The desperation for a war is unreal. #SyriaHoax #StopWW3 #SyriaStrikes https://t.co/qjQplDt95u  ?/K/aitilyn? (@kitty_Kaiti) April 7, 2017I think you should worry more about draining the swamp than getting America into new wars. #SyriaStrikes #SyriaHoax @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/gcHbeikEHf  Jody Paulson (@JodyPaulson) April 7, 2017John McCain is far more of a threat to this country than Bashar al-Assad could ever be. #SyriaHoax  Virginia Dare (@vdare) April 7, 2017Trump Told Us For Years to  Not Bomb Syria >Help Elect Trump >Trump Bombs SyriaWhy Do I Even Bother? #SyriaStrikes #SyriaHoax pic.twitter.com/ioLuvfLfMY  Battle Beagle (@HarmlessYardDog) April 7, 2017.@realDonaldTrumpPeople voted for you to stop the 3rd world invasion & to MAGA   not for more neocon wars. Kushner is poison#SyriaHoax  Gregory Montfort (@GregMontfort) April 7, 2017Sad day for the millions of Americans who voted @realDonaldTrump because they didn t want Hillary s wars. Sad day for humanity #SyriaHoax  Ozreality media (@ozrealitymedia) April 7, 2017From a Vet to @POTUS 1.) Focus on infrastructure 2.) Focus on American jobs 3.) Focus on the homeland its what you ran on #SyriaHoax  Based Monitored ?? (@BasedMonitored) April 7, 2017At least it s encouraging that people are beginning to see through Trump s shallow attempt at regaining popularity, but there s little doubt that his approval numbers will rise after the attack, just because so many Americans love war.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images.",0
1860, The White House Just Confessed The REAL Reason For Syria Attack; It Is DISGUSTING (DETAILS),"While many have been baffled and upset by Donald Trump s reckless decision to attack Syria (without Congressional approval), the inner details of what drove Trump to make such a decision are even worse.Senior White House officials have just confessed that this attack against Syria was nothing more than a publicity stunt for Trump, to feed his out of control ego. According to those officials, the poorly planned missile strike (which ultimately failed) isn t even part of a broader strategy or a step in a larger plan to remove Assad. It was absolutely meaningless, and its only purpose was to make Trump seem like a strong leader.CNN s Jim Acosta reported:While it s not surprising that Trump has no strategy for Syria (let s face it, he has zero strategy for anything he does), it s terrifying to actually see it play out before our eyes as an incompetent president puts America in grave danger.Basically, Trump used the U.S. military to make it LOOK like he was taking some sort of action on Syria, when really the exact opposite is true. There is no plan, and there likely will never be one. What Trump put on last night was merely a performance   and a damaging one. Already, U.S.-Russia relations have grown more tense as Russia is making moves to punish America for Trump s carelessness.The message Trump is sending to the world is terrifying   what we can expect during Trump s presidency is a show; just big empty gestures that won t actually carry any weight. Trump has basically shown Assad that he s not really going to do anything besides send 50 missiles his way. Now Assad   and the rest of the world   knows our president is all talk and almost no action. The strength and leadership that America once had in the world is disintegrating quickly.Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
1861, Syrian Military Knew Missile Attack Was Coming After Trump Told Putin About It,"Donald Trump s bromance with Vladimir Putin seems to be going the way of most middle school  relationships.  Though the Russian dictator was perfectly happy to employ a team of hackers to dig into The Donald s opponents at his request and propagandists to spread fake stories about his opponents, Mr. 45 s attack on Syria was too much for the guy who is known for killing unfriendly journalists and political opponents.CNN reported that Trump s team called Russia to warn them of the airstrike in advance   and according to ABC, the Syrian army seemed to know the attack was coming, allowing them to evacuate equipment and personnel:Syrian military officials appeared to anticipate Thursday night s raid on Syria s Shayrat air base, evacuating personnel and moving equipment ahead of the strike, according to an eyewitness.Dozens of Tomahawk missiles struck the air base near Homs, damaging runways, towers and traffic control buildings, a local resident and human rights activist living near the air base told ABC News via an interpreter.Let s look at what happened here: Trump warned Putin of an attack because his people were in the area. Mysteriously, the targets learned of the incoming Tomahawk missiles and were able to evacuate people and equipment.Interesting, eh?Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)",0
1862, Trump Tried Recreating Obama’s Iconic ‘Bin Laden Raid’ Situation Room Photo – And It’s So Pathetic,"For months now people close to Trump have been privately saying the president is consumed by a seething jealousy of his predecessor, Barack Obama. Where Trump s approval ratings continue to circle the drain, Obama s have seen a post-presidency surge. Adding to that, Obama s signature piece of legislation is not only more popular than ever, but the replacement Trump came up with imploded before it even got a vote. In the media and from political observers Obama is viewed as smarter, more mature, and more gifted politically than Trump. And Trump knows it.So what is Trump to do? Imitate.Hours after he ordered a missile strike in Syria, Trump s press secretary Sean Spicer tweeted an image of the situation room.WH photo (ed for security): @potus receives briefing on #syria military strike fr Nat Security team, inc @vp , SECDEF, CJCS via secure VTC pic.twitter.com/aaCnR7xomR  Sean Spicer (@PressSec) April 7, 2017It bore a disturbing resemblance to one of the most famous photographs of Obama s time in office, the night he ordered the mission to kill Osama Bin Laden.However, unlike Obama s image   filled with serious people doing serious jobs   Trump s version contains a number of unqualified goons. The photograph of Obama and his staff signaled strength. Trump s imitation serves only to show the world what a clown show Trump s White House is.Trump s attack on Syria may have earned praise by right-wingers, but it s already escalating tensions in the region and may someday be viewed as the opening shot in a devastating global war. Russia, rather than cave to Trump s show of  strength  has vowed to arm the Syrian regime with more anti-aircraft weapons meant to shoot down any U.S. plane that crosses the border.BREAKING Russian military says it will help Syria strengthen its air defenses after US strike.  The Associated Press (@AP) April 7, 2017The attack also alienated Iran, pushing them further into the sphere of Russia and the Assad government.Those are some serious consequences for actions being made by Rex Tillerson, a former oil executive with ties to Russia; Steve Bannon, the owner of white nationalist website Breitbart; and Jared Kushner, the son of a real estate mogul who married the daughter of a real estate mogul. The fact that those men are even in the room is a disgrace to America s military, who will likely carry the brunt of the consequences.But perhaps the biggest joke in the room is that Donald Trump himself. Or put another way:Two years ago, the man who just ordered a missile strike was deciding whether or not to fire Gilbert Gottfried from a game show  Andrew Lawrence (@ndrew_lawrence) April 7, 2017Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1863, Weird: Republicans Were Against Obama Launching A Strike On Syria But Not Now (DETAILS),"A U.S. official said that the Russians were warned before the U.S. launched at least 59 tomahawk missiles aimed at Syria at Donald Trump s orders, but the alleged president did not seek Congressional approval. Trump was reportedly affected by the pictures of children who were harmed or killed after a deadly gas was unleashed on civilians, but oddly, the former reality show star was never disturbed by the pictures of Syrian refugees fleeing from terror at the hands of ISIS.Trump was not in The Situation Room when addressing the strikes. He was at his Florida Mar-a-Lago resort again. Using a deadly nerve agent, Assad choked out the lives of helpless men, women and children,  Trump said of the chemical attack.  It was a slow and brutal death for so many. Even beautiful babies were cruelly murdered in this very barbaric attack. No child of God should ever suffer such horror. However, Trump opposed President Barack Obama s attempt to strike when a sarin nerve gas attack left more than 1,400 dead outside of Damascus in 2013.Trump tweeted at the time,  What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval. What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 29, 2013In contrast to Trump s move on Syria last night, Obama went to Congress to get approval to strike, but the majority of Republicans opposed him. In the newest attack under Trump s administration, 70 died from the gas attack. Again, over 1,400 were left dead in 2013.ThinkProgress reported at the time that 183 Republicans were against bombing Syria. Only 12 Republicans, and that includes then-House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio), sided with the Obama to launch a strike. In the end, Obama decided to postpone the vote since Congress was strongly opposed to the strike with 243 Congressional members seemingly deciding  towards voting  No. The Huffington Post reports:Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) was one of the members of Congress who was against Obama s plan. But he didn t seem to have much to say in response to the news of Trump s strike. God bless the USA!,  Chaffetz tweeted.God bless the USA!  Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) April 7, 2017Weird, because before an attack, other religious extremists would shout,  Allahu Akbar! Senator Marco Rubio tweeted:""Be sure of this: The wicked will not go unpunished"" Proverbs 11:21 #SyriaChemicalAttack  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) April 7, 2017Sens. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) and John McCain (R-Ariz.), both of whom never met a war they didn t like, backed Trump s decision. Unlike the previous administration, President Trump confronted a pivotal moment in Syria and took action,  the two Senators said in a joint statement.  For that, he deserves the support of the American people. Statement with @SenJohnMcCain on military strikes in Syria. pic.twitter.com/kSzaEBifhI  Lindsey Graham (@LindseyGrahamSC) April 7, 2017Unlike the previous administration, Trump did not seek Congressional approval.In 2013,  McCain and Graham said that they might vote no because Obama s plan was too limited.  We cannot in good conscience support isolated military strikes in Syria that are not part of an overall strategy that can change the momentum on the battlefield,  they said in a statement at the time.To his credit, Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) said on Thursday night that Trump needs congressional authorization for military action in Syria.Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images.",0
1864," Ivanka Trump Tweets About Dead Syrian Children, And Twitter Has The PERFECT Response (TWEETS)","Ivanka Trump s father, the man who calls himself President of the United States, obviously follows world events even if it seems like he follows them so he can exploit them. His children, Ivanka included, tend to either follow him or walk in lockstep with him on virtually everything. While there s absolutely nothing wrong with expressing grief over Syria s president, Bahsar al-Assad s decision to murder innocent people including children, there are times when the irony of such expression is just too much to handle.Ivanka tweeted the following anger and dismay over Assad s gas attack on his own people earlier this week:Heartbroken and outraged by the images coming out of Syria following the atrocious chemical attack yesterday.  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) April 5, 2017One man had the wherewithal to point out the horrific irony in that outrage:Wait until you find out that your Dad signed an executive order banning those same people from entering the United States https://t.co/7JHPCmJ8NF  Michael Cohen (@speechboy71) April 6, 2017We d be in a far better position to justify total outrage over this if we d been behaving in a humanitarian manner towards Syria in the first place. We, or rather, Trump, haven t been. At the same time Trump is lamenting children who died at the hands of a brutal dictator, he s prohibiting those same children from coming to the U.S. because of some misguided fear about a  Trojan horse  of terrorism.Others are less-than impressed with her tweet too, in light of her father s attitude towards refugees. Considering we may have just made more refugees, the hypocrisy stands out in starker relief than ever:@speechboy71 @kimchi1380 She doesn t care. Refugees can t afford to buy her clothes  Virginia Bourne (@Southviabirth) April 6, 2017@speechboy71 @rohaniroop @IvankaTrump Ivanka had to say something she didn t want to look complicit.  Lauren Krajenta (@Hitandmisses4) April 6, 2017@speechboy71 But she doesn t know what #Complicit means. #SyriaGasAttack @IvankaTrump  Suzy Howell (@howellsuzy) April 6, 2017@IvankaTrump Fuck you  Sean T. Collins ? (@theseantcollins) April 5, 2017@IvankaTrump Gonna blame Obama too?  Alt. Sean Spicer (@AltUSPressSec) April 5, 2017@IvankaTrump You do realize it s YOUR policy that let this happen. This kind of statement is the definition of complicit. #trumprussia #holdthefloor  Scott Dworkin (@funder) April 5, 2017@Frankatrinastei @Alisonnj @IvankaTrump Has she held a job that daddy DIDN T give her?  Chris Beasley (@logan48227) April 5, 2017@speechboy71 @MalcolmNance @IvankaTrump What the hell do you or ur father care about those poor refugee? U ban refugees fleeing for their lives! Your words are empty!  tula holmes (@tulaholmes) April 6, 2017@speechboy71 @JoyAnnReid How many of those women, children, and babies could have been saved if allowed refuge in the US and their allies?  Deborah Carmody (@smokerisesOH) April 6, 2017@speechboy71 @JoyAnnReid @IvankaTrump If you didn t fight against Daddy s refugee ban or Jr s poison skittles comment, you are #Complicit  friedpearl (@friedpearl) April 6, 2017@speechboy71 @007kzman Oh, no. She s just heartbroken enough as long as they re not here. If they are here, she s less than enthused.  Imagine This (@HeyThatsMyPen) April 6, 2017@speechboy71 @IvankaTrump Hey, Ivanka, if you re so concerned, are you going to expedite refugee visas for these poor kids?? Betcha don t.  V. Williams (@gecko46) April 6, 2017Unless she openly stands up to her father when he makes things harder for people like Syrian refugees everyone s right. She has a chance to have some real influence for good and she s squandering it this way.Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images",0
1865, WATCH: Colbert’s Takedown Of ‘Cuck’ Steve Bannon Is Nothing Short Of BRILLIANT,"By now, everyone knows that the Jared Kushner vs. Stephen K. Bannon infighting in the White House is coming to a head. It has resulted in the removal of Bannon from the National Security Council. Apparently, Kushner had a hand in getting Bannon s hands off our national security, so, for this one, go Jared. We now have a much more secure nation, thanks to his removal. One person who couldn t wait to mock the white nationalist s takedown by his own was Late Show host Stephen Colbert.Colbert started that part of his monologue by mocking Bannon s resistance to being taken off the NSC, saying: Today we re learning more about a huge event yesterday when Steve Bannon was removed from the National Security Council. It s so nice to have Bannon fans here to night. They re so rare, so rare. It was not easy to remove Bannon. They held a hot match to his back until he released his pincers. And, they think the head might still be in there. He might get an infection. Colbert then went on to express disbelief that this was not a demotion: I m not sure if he accomplished his goal. There are still some Muslims in America. There s still some, right? Can you check on that? Still a couple.Word on the street is that Jared Kushner helped push Bannon out. How many jobs does that kid have? I m not sure I m surprised by this. I m not surprised at all in fact, because there is known friction between these two.Whenever Kushner s not around, Bannon calls him a  cuck.  And Bannon tried to stop the demotion, threatening at one point to quit if it went forward. Wait, wait a second, Steve Bannon, you threatened to quit if you got kicked off the National Security Council? Then you got kicked off and you didn t quit? That s a TCM, bro! TOTAL CUCK MOVE! This is absolutely brilliant. There is so much goodness in that clip, that it has to be watched repeatedly to be fully appreciated.Watch below via The Late Show Twitter:Tonight: Steve Bannon, forced off the NSC by White House rival Jared Kushner, commits what some are calling a 'TCM.' #LSSC #TCM pic.twitter.com/AllTUQt2aI  The Late Show (@colbertlateshow) April 7, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",0
1866, BREAKING: C.I.A. Knew Russia Wanted Trump WAY Before Election; NOTHING Was Done (DETAILS),"We already knew that Russia wanted Donald Trump to be president and interfered with the election, but new information has just been revealed showing that not only was the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) aware of this, but they were in the know as early as August of 2016. That s well before anything was revealed to the public.According to the New York Times: The C.I.A. told senior lawmakers in classified briefings last summer that it had information indicating that Russia was working to help elect Donald J. Trump president, a finding that did not emerge publicly until after Mr. Trump s victory months later, former government officials say. Further: The former officials said that in late August   10 weeks before the election   John O. Brennan, then the C.I.A. director, was so concerned about increasing evidence of Russia s election meddling that he began a series of urgent, individual briefings for eight top members of Congress, some of them on secure phone lines while they were on their summer break.It is unclear what new intelligence might have prompted the classified briefings. But with concerns growing both internally and publicly at the time about a significant Russian breach of the Democratic National Committee, the C.I.A. began seeing signs of possible connections to the Trump campaign, the officials said. By the final weeks of the campaign, Congress and the intelligence agencies were racing to understand the scope of the Russia threat. Then there s this: The officials said Mr. Brennan also indicated that unnamed advisers to Mr. Trump might be working with the Russians to interfere in the election. So, not only did Russia work to get Trump elected, but those closely connected to Trump may have been working directly with Russia.Here s the thing   if this information was available before the election, and it was well known that not only was Russia trying to influence the election, but Trump advisers may have been talking directly to Russia, why was the election allowed to even go forward? For all intents and purposes, the election should be considered absolutely illegitimate and a new election should be held in light of all this new information.Our democracy and the core of everything we are as a republic has been compromised by a foreign adversary, and NOTHING has been done. This is NOT okay.The public had a right to know this information going into the voting booth, and nothing was said. This is beyond maddening, and someone needs to be held responsible.Featured Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1867, Former SNL Cast Member Breaks Silence On Trump’s EMBARRASSING Behavior At Rehearsal (VIDEO),"A former Saturday Night Live cast member has just spilled the beans about one of Donald Trump s secrets.Taran Killam, who left SNL in 2016, completely destroyed Trump in an interview published in Brooklyn magazine, putting to rest the massive amount of speculation about whether or not Trump actually knows how to read. Apparently, Trump cannot. According to Killam, Trump  struggled  to read even the simple jokes the writers had given him.Trump made an appearance on the show in December 2015, right after he announced he was entering the presidential race. Killam said that particular episode was  not fun  and  most of the cast and writers were not excited to have him there. However, having Trump there taught the cast something interesting about him. During the  table read  prior to the rehearsal, the host of the week is supposed to read through the jokes they re given. Killam said Trump struggled to read at the table read, which did not give many of us great confidence. Didn t get the jokes, really. He s just a man who seems to be powered by bluster. I didn t get the feeling that he was excited to be there. When Killam was asked if Trump was  unpleasant  to work with on the show, Killam said: He was  everything you see. What you see is what you get with him, really. I mean, there was no big reveal. There have been rumors circulating about Trump s inability to read before, and now this confirms it. From Trump s refusal to read through documents in front of people to his tendency to ditch his teleprompter during his speeches, Trump s erratic behavior raised suspicions that he was hiding something. And when you look at a video like the one below, it certainly confirms Killam s confession that Trump is challenged when it comes to literacy.Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
1868, Russia Probe’s New Leader Disqualified Himself MONTHS Ago With One IDIOTIC Statement,"With Devin Nunes  recusal from the House Intelligence Committee s Russia investigation, the committee needs a new leader, and that new leader is Rep. Mike Conaway of Texas. If that name sounds familiar, it s likely because Conaway made some waves earlier this year by saying something so stupid it should have automatically disqualified him from running this investigation.Conaway is the man who made the ridiculous comparison between Russia s meddling in our election, and Mexican celebrities performing for Hillary Clinton. Oh yes, to Conaway, they are one and the same: Harry Reid and the Democrats brought in Mexican soap opera stars, singers and entertainers who had immense influence in those communities into Las Vegas, to entertain, get out the vote and so forth. Those are foreign actors, foreign people, influencing the vote in Nevada. You don t hear the Democrats screaming and saying one word about that. When he was pressed on whether Mexican performers are really on par with Russian hackers, he said: Sure it is, it s foreign influence. If we re worried about foreign influence, let s have the whole story. Two things, idiot: First, foreign performers aren t working in secret. Second, foreign performers aren t working to obtain and release thousands of internal party documents specifically damaging to one campaign.Foreign performers are more like surrogates belonging to a certain demographic. Foreign hackers are more like spies working to sabotage something.And the man now leading the Russia probe tried to downplay it into nothing by claiming they re the same thing. It was the dumbest thing he could ever have said as next in line for the chairmanship because it proves he s both too partisan to run an investigation that should be as non-partisan as possible, and also that he s just plain too stupid to know what he s doing.Things just got very interesting here, and not in a good way. Can House Republicans offer up anybody capable of running this investigation the way it needs to be run? It s just gotten ridiculous now.Featured image by Lance Cheung, CC BY 2.0 via Flickr",0
1869, JUST IN: Man-Child Boasts He’s The Best President EVER; Doesn’t Know How Long He’s Been In Office,"You may not have noticed, but Donald Trump is an egomaniacal narcissist who has no concept of reality. This can be seen in almost every tweet, meltdown and decision that he makes. He has no clue what he s doing and belongs nowhere near the Oval Office.All that being said, he personally thinks he s wonderful and likely believes his sh*t smells like a spring meadow.However, he s also a bit of a dumbass, and all of these Trump qualities perfectly came out in a statement he just made aboard Air Force One overheard by NBC News  reporter Peter Alexander.According to Alexander, Trump said: I think we ve had one of the most successful 13 weeks in the history of the presidency. BREAKING: Pres Trump on AF1:""I think we ve had one of the most successful 13 weeks in the history of the presidency.""  Peter Alexander (@PeterAlexander) April 6, 2017First of all, let s point out the obvious. Well, no, there s a lot obviously wrong with that statement, but let s begin by pointing out that it s only been eleven weeks since his inauguration as *president.Secondly, Rep. Maxine Water (D-CA) said it best with this tweet:#Fakenews pic.twitter.com/kma51XCWk7  Maxine Waters (@MaxineWaters) April 6, 2017It really doesn t get much faker than that.It s hard to believe that it s only been eleven weeks since Trump took office. So hard to believe, in fact, he doesn t seem to realize it himself.Trump is not only one of the most chaotic forces to ever inhabit the White House, but he s also seemingly equally as divisive and destructive. What about these eleven weeks does he deem a success? If being the best at being the worst is deemed successful, then job well done.At least we know that when no one is around to stroke his ego, he has no problem doing it himself. You know, because that s a quality you want in someone who was hired to serve others and be selfless.(*pending the ongoing FBI investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election)Featured Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1870," REPORT: Bannon Routinely Using Anti-Semitic Slur Towards Jared Kushner, WH Turning Toxic Quickly","Trump s inability to hire experienced, serious individuals to staff his White House has started to rot from the inside out. The group of men surrounding Trump on a day-to-day basis are fringe racists, incompetent liars, yes-men, goons, and at least one member of a Nazi alliance organization overseas. It s less  team of rivals and more dysfunctional group culled from the comment section at Breitbart.Worse still, Trump s two closest advisors   son-in-law Jared Kushner and former Breitbart owner Steve Bannon   reportedly despise each other, fighting  non-stop,  according to sources within the White House.Unfortunately for the dignity of the office, Trump s decision to hire white nationalist Steve Bannon to be his go-to guy is coming back to haunt him. Bannon has taken to using two disgusting phrases to refer to Kushner:  cuck  and  globalist. The word  cuck  is frequently flung around in fringe right-wing white nationalist circles and originates from  cuckhold  meant to denote emasculation. In more modern times, the term is often used by racists to describe a white woman cheating on her white husband with a black man. Bannon apparently can t stop using it in reference to Kushner. [Steve] recently vented to us about Jared being a  globalist  and a  cuck He actually said  cuck,  as in  cuckservative,  the administration official told The Daily Beast. Cuckservative,  a portmanteau of  cuckold  and  conservative,  has become a favorite slur on the right, used like a sexually and racially charged version of  RINO,  a Republican In Name Only.His other favorite is  globalist,  a term often used by white nationalists and neo-Nazi groups to mean  Jewish.  The term is considered a two-for-one slur within the right-wing community. Its origins in anti-Semitism is accented by its nativism. Here s how Daily Beast s Asawin Suebsaeng put it: Globalist  is a term typically used by nationalist, pro-Trump right-wingers against political opponents; however, the term has also come under fire for at times carrying anti-Semitic tones. (Kushner is Jewish.)The use of  globalism  as a stand-in for  Jewish  is well documented and seems to be particularly entrenched in minds of some Trump voters. Forward magazine did an excellent piece on why that is.For Bannon, Kushner represents  interests  outside of white America. Anyone outside Trump s White House probably isn t surprised what that means. Bannon is a long-time anti-Semite. According to testimony by his wife, he once vetoed sending his children to a particular school because he thought there were too many Jewish children there. Working shoulder-to-shoulder with Kushner is apparently too much for Bannon to handle and he s acting out.By the way, Bannon calling Kushner a  globalist  is reminiscent of when folks call Obama a  Muslim.  Just say the word you mean, man.  Jamil Smith (@JamilSmith) April 6, 2017It seems that screaming  cuck  and  globalist  isn t winning him any arguments, even within Trump s administration. He recently got yanked for his position on the National Security Council   a spot he had no business occupying in the first place. In a clear humiliation, Bannon reportedly said he would resign if Trump dared pull him from the council. Trump called his bluff and Bannon blinked. But he s likely not forgotten the slight. Trump s White House is more toxic than ever.Sources have been leaking details non-stop and the picture is ugly. Pence hates Priebus. Trump hates Priebus. Trump hates Spicer. Spicer hates himself. Kushner hates Bannon. Bannon hates Kushner. Trump s new National Security Advisor hates Trump and everyone else in the White House. It s a circus.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1871, Nunes’ Replacement In Trump Investigation Defended Russian Hackers And Putin,"The new leader of what can laughably be called an  investigation  into the Trump Team s collusion with Russia to undermine our democracy makes disgraced House Intelligence Committee chair Devin Nunes look almost sane.When he recused himself (temporarily) from the investigation after he became the subject of his own congressional ethics investigation for releasing classified information in an effort to help Donald Trump, Nunes handed off his duties to Texas Republican Rep. Mike Conaway, whose own views on the Russia situation are, well, let s just say they would make Putin happy.When FBI Director James Comey testified last month, Conaway unleashed a weird defense of Putin, comparing his support of Donald Trump   which has been verified by 17 intelligence agencies   to football of all things. That might work on Saturday afternoon when my wife s (Texas Tech) Red Raiders are playing the Texas Longhorns,  Conaway said.  She really like the Red Raiders. But all the rest of the time   the logic is that because he really didn t like candidate Clinton, it automatically [meant he] liked Trump,  Conway told a befuddled-looking Comney That assessment s based on what? Some levity in the #RussiaIntelHearing   Watch this #YogiBerra exchange between Rep. Mike Conaway and Director Comey! #WhosOnFirst pic.twitter.com/UUSlTGxjnG  Justice&Mercy (@JRDarius1) March 20, 2017He also defended the hackers in an interview with the Dallas Morning News, where he proclaimed that Russia hacking Trump s political opponents after Trump promised they would be rewarded is just like when Democrats hire foreign performers at campaign events: Harry Reid and the Democrats brought in Mexican soap opera stars, singers and entertainers who had immense influence in those communities into Las Vegas, to entertain, get out the vote and so forth. Those are foreign actors, foreign people, influencing the vote in Nevada. You don t hear the Democrats screaming and saying one word about that. Asked whether that is the same as Russia interfering in our election, Conaway didn t back down: Sure it is, it s foreign influence. If we re worried about foreign influence, let s have the whole story. Assisting Conaway will be Trey Gowdy, who recently found himself the subject of an ethics complaint for accepting donations from anti-Clinton groups while he was investigating her and Tom Rooney, who very vocally opposed Clinton.Something tells me these guys won t be taking this seriously.Featured image via Getty Images (Mark Wilson)/screengrab",0
1872, Elijah Cummings Called Trump Out To His Face And Here’s The Pathetic Way Trump Tried To Spin It,"Buried in Trump s bonkers interview with New York Times reporters Maggie Haberman and Glenn Thrush is this outrageous exchange Trump claims happened recently:TRUMP: [U.S. Representative] Elijah Cummings was in my office and he said,  You will go down as one of the great presidents in the history of our country. HABERMAN: Really?TRUMP: And then he went out and I watched him on television yesterday and I said,  Was that the same man? Which  would have been odd considering Cummings, a fiery Democratic congressman, has been one of Trump s most intense critics. He s very public about it. Cummings has been outspoken about Trump s disturbing connections to Russia, the GOP s botched attempts to cover those connections up, and has repeatedly demanded Trump divest himself of his numerous conflicts of interest. He hardly sounds like a person who has looked at Trump s trainwreck first three months in office and concluded that he deserves to be up on Mount Rushmore.One theory was that Trump flatly lied. Always a possibility   Trump is a pathological liar. Another, suggested by writer Jamelle Bouie, is that Trump mixed up two black men, conflating Cummings with some other guy. Another strong possibility   Trump has shown a complete lack of interest in the lives of black Americans.Fortunately, Cummings came in to provide the real answer: Trump took a criticism Cummings has made to his face and filtered it through his unchecked narcissism. Here s how Cummings describes the meeting Trump said was about praising him: During my meeting with the president and on several occasions since then, I have said repeatedly that he could be a great president if   if   he takes steps to truly represent all Americans rather than continuing on the divisive and harmful path he is currently on. Note the jab that Trump completely missed? IF Trump stops being  divisive and harmful  he could someday be a great president. So far he has not done so. Hasn t even tried. (As if to underscore how little Trump has tried to stop being divisive, in the same interview he defended Bill O Reilly for sexually harassing women at Fox News.)Unintentionally, Trump s bizarre retelling of what went down during his meeting with Cummings exemplifies the warped way Trump sees the world. A criticism turns into praise, stripping away all context in the process. It may explain, for example, why Trump seems to genuinely believe he saw Muslim Americans celebrating on 9/11. His ego filters everything, facts get distorted and retooled for his own agenda.The fact that we have a president who does not seem to understand the difference between reality and the fantasy world that exists in his head is a recipe for disaster. If meetings with a congressman get this distorted, what other delusions is Trump living in?Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1873, Trump Stooge Devin Nunes Hands Investigation To Others As Ethics Committee Investigates Him,"Donald Trump just lost another minion.GOP Rep. Devin Nunes has been in Trump s pocket since the election in November. He was part of Trump s transition team, and as chair of the House Intelligence Committee, he has been desperately trying to help Trump get out from under his Russia scandal.To that end, Nunes went to the White House in secret to inform Trump on the investigation. While there, he was fed a new line of attack to use in a pathetic effort to somehow prove that Trump was right about President Obama wiretapping him.Nunes failed to tell his colleagues on the intelligence committee and hastily set up a press conference. Nunes was later forced to admit that his  proof  was not proof at all.Complaints have been flowing to the Office of Congressional Ethics ever since, and Nunes has been repeatedly called upon to recuse himself from the ever-deepening Russia scandal investigation. Now the House Ethics Committee is starting an investigation of Nunes. So Nunes is stepping aside and handing the investigation over to other Republicans on the intelligence committee.Of course, Nunes channeled Trump by blaming the charges on everyone but himself. Several left-wing activists have filed complaints against me with the Office of Congressional Ethics,  Nunes said in a statement.  The charges are entirely false and politically motivated, and are being leveled just as the American people are beginning to learn the truth about the improper unmasking of the identities of U.S. citizens and other abuses of power. As noted above, the House Ethics Committee is now involved and that s bad news for Nunes and Trump.The committee is comprised of an equal number of Republicans and Democrats, which means Republicans can t just intervene to save Nunes. The committee can subpoena him and force him to testify under oath.Lying to the committee would constitute perjury and demonstrate that Nunes is working for Trump instead of doing his job.Nunes will have to explain why he wen t to the White House in secret late at night to discuss the investigation, and why he released classified information to the public without discussing the information with his colleagues first.As it turns out, the information Nunes received from Trump is the fact that some Trump officials were caught on surveillance of foreign agents. Nunes and Trump want us all to believe that the information vindicates Trump s accusation against President Obama.Except that the surveillance did not target Trump and his team at all   it targeted the foreign agents they just happened to be meeting with. And Trump clearly accused President Obama of wiretapping him specifically.Clearly, Nunes and Trump are working together to help him wriggle his way out of answering for the Russia scandal that has only become more explosive and damning. Now we just have to wait and see if Trey Gowdy investigates Trump s Russia scandal with the same doggedness he displayed during his investigation of Benghazi. Because if not, it s proof that Republicans are incapable of policing themselves.Featured Image: Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1874," Steve Bannon THREATENS Trump Over Removal From National Security Council, Administration In CHAOS","Yesterday, the Trump administration delivered a bombshell that no one saw coming   that former Breitbart News chief Steve Bannon, who is now serving as Trump s White House strategist, was being kicked off the National Security Council. While Bannon released a statement that seemed neutral enough, it turns out that s not how he really feels at all   and Trump is in trouble.According to a new report by the New York Times, Bannon aggressively disagreed with the decision to demote him. In fact, he was apparently so pissed off over being booted off the council that he even threatened to completely leave his position in the administration. The Times wrote: Mr. Bannon resisted the move, even threatening at one point to quit if it went forward, according to a White House official who, like others, insisted on anonymity to discuss internal deliberations. Mr. Bannon s camp denied that he had threatened to resign and spent the day spreading the word that the shift was a natural evolution, not a signal of any diminution of his outsize influence. Considering the fact that Bannon did not show up at Trump s press conference with Jordan s King Abdullah II, some bitterness on Bannon s part makes absolute sense.Bannon s position on the National Security Council has been controversial to begin with   it was a role he basically tricked Trump into giving him. Trump had signed off on an executive order without actually knowing what it said   and later got upset that he d accidentally and unknowingly given Bannon a position that he probably wasn t meant to have. Bannon had no relevant experience for a position on the National Security Council, but we all know that s hardly a prerequisite for a job in the Trump administration. Unfortunately for Trump, the White House is crumbling due to its own erratic, inexperienced staff.Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
1875, Even Trump’s Homeland Security Chief Thinks He’s Full Of Sh*t About The Border Wall,"While campaigning, Donald Trump vowed to build a  great wall  and Mexico will pay for it.  I will build a great wall   and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me   and I ll build them very inexpensively,  the former reality show star said at the time.  I will build a great, great wall on our southern border, and I will make Mexico pay for that wall. Mark my words.  Well, that s not going to happen. Mexico is not paying for the wall and Trump s own homeland security secretary disagrees with the amateur president.Kelly said Wednesday that it is doubtful that a wall along the full border with Mexico would ever be built, despite Trump s claims. It is unlikely that we will build a wall from sea to shining sea,  Kelly told senators on the Homeland Security Committee, according to The New York Times.Instead, Kelly, who was appointed by Trump said the department will look to build physical barriers. That includes fencing and concrete walls in places that make sense.Like his presidency and administration, Trump s plan for the  great wall  is amateurish and chaotic.In February, Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), a border-state Republican, said that building a physical wall along the border in some places  makes no sense. There are other Republicans who were left scratching their heads, too, over Trump s nonsensical border wall.  I don t think we re just going to be able to solve border security with a physical barrier because people can come under, around it and through it,  Sen. John Cornyn (R-Texas) said in January.Still yet, Kelly defended Trump s  extreme vetting  proposal in which he insists that children would not be routinely separated from their families unless the  situation at the time requires it,  such as when the mother is sick or addicted to drugs. Right, because if a mother is sick, her children should be taken from her, amirite?It s not just elected officials who are wondering what the hell Trump is thinking. A supporter of the alleged president s found her home suddenly on the Mexico side of the border. We call that karma. Adding to that, Trump wants a 30-foot wall that looks good on the northern side of the border. We re not sure what she was thinking when she cast her vote for Trump. He was very clear in what he said, and as far as his lies go, she was warned by Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton and Trump s Republican rivals that he s full of sh*t.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1876, Here’s The Veiled Threat Trump Sent CNN Chief After Release Of ‘Grab Them By The Pu**y’ Tape,"There s a reason Trump hates CNN, and it s been obvious for a long time. However, what many may not know is exactly why CNN s negative coverage gets under his skin so badly. It turns out that he believes CNN owes him for putting their current president, Jeff Zucker, in place. When the network released the  Access Hollywood  tapes in which Trump admitted to sexually assaulting women, and then followed that up with increasingly bad coverage, he saw it as an act of betrayal.So he sent Zucker this letter: Jeff   Too bad you (CNN) couldn t be honest with how well I did in the debate. The dumbest thing I ever did was get you the job at CNN   you are the most disloyal person. Just remember, I always seem to find a way to get even. Best wishes, Donald J. Trump. Yep.  You are the most disloyal person.  Trump literally believes that Zucker should reward him with favorable coverage throughout what the rest of his career, or his whole career in politics, or something. Maybe he expected CNN to just ignore all the heinous things he does because he was so awesome to them way back.The hilarious thing is what s happened since. From The New York Times:[T]he only thing better than having Donald Trump on your network is having him attack it. Far from hurting CNN, Trump s war against it has amounted to a form of product placement    earned media,  you could say   giving its anchors and correspondents starring roles in the ongoing political drama, turning them into camera-ready warriors for the First Amendment.In 2016, CNN made nearly $1 billion, which was the network s most profitable year ever. They re on track to beat that for 2017 already, and it s only April. Zucker s on a hiring spree. They re getting some huge scoops. The list of good fortune goes on.So revenge? It s backfired on Trump horrifically.CNN disagrees that Trump s 2012 lobbying had any effect on their decision to give Zucker the top position, and it wouldn t be surprising to find that they re actually telling the truth. Trump is a narcissist who believes he has far more influence over everyone than he does.Featured image by Shawn Thew-Pool via Getty Images",0
1877, Seth Meyers SLAMS Trump’s Defense Of ‘State TV’ Fox News And Sexual Deviant Bill O’Reilly (VIDEO),"On Wednesday night s episode of Late Night, host Seth Meyers ripped Trump a new one for his continued support of Fox News and his defense of Bill O Reilly. It s not only despicable that Trump (a known sexual harasser) would defend fellow sexual harasser Bill O Reilly, but he did this less than a week after he proclaimed that April would now be known as  National Sexual Assault Awareness Month. Meyers, not one to ever let Trump get away with anything, dedicated his popular segment A Closer Look to this very subject and it was glorious. At the beginning of the segment, Seth focused on Trump s undying, and equally disturbing love and admiration for Fox News and his favorite programs on the failing network. You probably have at least a passing familiarity with Fox News if you ve ever visited an elderly relative or gotten drunk at a bar in a small-town Applebee s,  he said, introducing the segment,  particularly with one viewer, the president of the United States. He then went on to show pictures of Trump s free Twitter advertisements for Fox and said: The President literally just recommends TV shows now. Instead of a Bible, Trump should have been sworn in on a TV guide. That, of course, drew raucous laughter from the crowd, but it s so true! He cannot stop plugging this network and along with himself, he s made Fox News more of a laughing stock than it was before he was elected! Now, he s coming to O Reilly s defense, which is sure to make things worse for the network who has already lost over 20 advertisers amid the newest sexual harassment scandal they just can t seem to get away from, as much as they ve tried to sweep it under the rug. Soon the only advertisers left on his show are going to be Ivanka Trump s clothing line and Steve Bannon s skin worsener,  Meyers joked.Watch the full segment below:Featured image via video screenshot",0
1878, This Amazingly Diverse Book About Santa Claus Will Make Right-Wing Heads Explode,"We all remember the uproar over at Fox News a few years back when the idea of a black Santa Claus came up. In fact, Megyn Kelly was so upset that she had to insist live on the air to all the little children of the world that Santa Claus could only be white. Well, if they were upset by that, they are going to really blow their stacks over the version of Santa Claus being rolled out in a new children s book.Called Santa s Husband, the Harper s Design book portrays Santa as a black man who is also gay. His husband is a white man. The husband also doubles for Santa at malls worldwide, and the book chronicles their happy existence in the North Pole. Aside from the heaping helping of diversity, even better is the fact that the book s author is Daniel Kibblesmith, who writes for The Late Show with Stephen Colbert.Kibblesmith says of the concept, and how it all began as a joke with his partner: My fianc e [author Jennifer Wright] and I joked privately, and then on Twitter, that since every house has its own traditions and lore surrounding Christmas, we would tell our child that the black Santa Claus was the  real  Santa. If they saw a white Santa at the mall, we d explain that this was his husband. Kibblesmith also joked about it on Twitter:Me & @JenAshleyWright have decided our future child will only know about Black Santa. If they see a white one we'll say ""That's his husband""  Daniel ""Kibblesmith"" (@kibblesmith) December 3, 2016He then realized that it was something that people were actually interested in, due to the wide interest it generated on Twitter and said he saw  there was genuine interest in this book becoming a reality.  And voila! Santa s Husband was born. As for the racists and homophobes who hate the idea? Kibblesmith simply says,  everything is okay.  He goes on to say: Some people   not me   even believe that Santa Claus is just your parents, which would mean that there are as many interpretations of Santa Claus as there are different kinds of families. But again, this is only a theory, because Santa Claus is real, and we have written a book about him. Lastly, but not least, here is the book s adorable cover:Via Huffington PostThank you so much for writing this book, Mr. Kibblesmith. This is something that has been needed for a very long time. You re right   families come in all kinds of packages, and diversity is a strength, not a weakness.For those interested, Santa s Husband us due out in October. You can follow Daniel Kibblesmith here on Twitter.Featured image via Andrew Burton/Getty Images",0
1879, Trump’s Administration Was Just Caught Up In Prostitution Scandal; Here’s How It Went Down (DETAILS),"While it can be said that no one is immune from punishment, a terrific example of that fact is how a Secret Service agent who was on Mike Pence s detail just got himself arrested.Why was he arrested? For getting caught soliciting sex from a prostitute.According to CNN:  a Secret Service agent on Vice President Mike Pence s detail has been suspended from official duties after meeting a prostitute at a Maryland hotel. One law enforcement source says the agent was caught after police saw him exiting the hotel. Apparently, this is how it all went down: The police responded to a call from the hotel manager who became suspicious of activity in one of the rooms. The source said this was not a sting. Now, even though the agent was off duty and wasn t currently guarding the *vice president, it is still illegal to solicit sex.CNN reports: A Secret Service spokesperson, speaking on the record, acknowledges  an alleged incident  occurred and says it involved an off-duty Secret Service employee and said that the matter is under investigation by the Office of Professional Responsibility to determine the facts.According to the spokesperson, the employee was required to surrender his weapon and official gear and was placed on administrative leave. The employee s security clearance and access to all Secret Service facilities has also been suspended. Tsk tsk. You d think someone, especially in the Secret Service, would know better. Especially considering the history of prostitutes with agents in the Secret Service.Who can forget the Colombian prostitute scandal of 2012 when nine Secret Service agents had been discovered bringing hookers back to their rooms?Mike Pence s former Secret Service agent will be disciplined, but it still doesn t look good for the entire United States Secret Service, or the *vice president for that matter. And you can only guess the big guy in the Oval Office doesn t like it. No, not Bannon, the other big guy.(*pending investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election)Featured Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1880," WATCH: Arnold Schwarzenegger Just BURNED Trump Over ‘The Apprentice,’ And It Is GOLDEN","Back in February, Donald Trump decided he was going to use the White House prayer breakfast to slam Arnold Schwarzenegger and  The Apprentice,  because the show s ratings had tumbled and there can be only one reason for that   His Trumpificence was no longer on the show. Trump asked everyone to pray for Schwarzenegger and his ratings, which he no doubt thought would get under the Terminator s skin.He couldn t have been more wrong. Van Jones just asked Schwarzenegger about this jab on his show,  The Messy Truth.  What Schwarzenegger had to say is absolute gold: It gave me an opportunity to go and shoot back and say, you know, that the show didn t do well because, you know, one-third of the audience left, because they boycotted the show because you re the executive producer, Donald Trump! He went on to say that, if Trump had just been open and honest and told everyone from the get-go that he was the executive producer, they d have had really great ratings!He also took the opportunity to poke Trump over his unconscionably thin skin, saying: I have thick skin. This doesn t bother me at all. Trump would have thrown a livid fit if their positions were reversed, but fortunately, they weren t. Watch below:Schwarzenegger on Trump s prayer breakfast speech:  I have thick skin. This doesn t bother me at all  #TheMessyTruth https://t.co/zRpz0CXdjU  CNN (@CNN) April 6, 2017Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
1881, BOMBSHELL Report Just Dropped Showing Gorsuch Is A Fraud,"Apparently, original ideas are a liability in the Donald Trump administration. Nearly as many Trumpsters have been accused of plagiarism as weeks he s held in office. Okay, that s a slight exaggeration, but Neil Gorsuch, the man who s about to be rammed into a lifetime appointment on the Supreme Court, appears to have plagiarized some of his writing.We should have known when Trump s own wife Melania plagiarized part of her Republican National Convention speech from Michelle Obama.Once in office, Trump picked Monica Crowley to head the National Security Council. You got it, she plagiarized her Ph.D. dissertation and the book she published in 2012.Crowley was forced to drop out of contention, but Betsy DeVos is Trump s education secretary and in a move that would get a child kicked out of school, she plagiarized part of the questionnaire she filled out to get the job. Now, it appears, Trump s pick for the Supreme Court is also guilty of plagiarism.Politico obtained several documents that showed several passages of Gorsuch s 2006 book,  The Future of Assisted Suicide and Euthanasia,  were nearly identical to a 1984 article in the Indiana Law Journal. There were also several other incidents.In the most striking example, Gorsuch, in his book, appears to duplicate sentences from an Indiana Law Journal article written by Abigail Lawlis Kuzma without attributing her. Instead, he uses the same sources that Kuzma used: A 1982 Indiana court ruling that was later sealed, a well-known pediatrics textbook,  Rudolph s Pediatrics,  and a 1983 article in the Bloomington Sunday Herald.Politico reports on documents showing that SCOTUS nominee Neil Gorsuch plagiarized the work of others. Behold: https://t.co/XQnCmd62Ia pic.twitter.com/ooc2TkG2bA  Christina Wilkie (@christinawilkie) April 5, 2017There s more. Read the Politico article for all the instances.The White House is calling the accusations false: This false attack has been strongly refuted by highly-regarded academic experts, including those who reviewed, professionally examined, and edited Judge Gorsuch s scholarly writings, and even the author of the main piece cited in the false attack,  said White House spokesman Steven Cheung.  There is only one explanation for this baseless, last-second smear of Judge Gorsuch: those desperate to justify the unprecedented filibuster of a well-qualified and mainstream nominee to the Supreme Court. Experts disagree with the White House: Each of the individual incidents constitutes a violation of academic ethics. I ve never seen a college plagiarism code that this would not be in violation of,  said Rebecca Moore Howard, a Syracuse University professor who has written extensively on the issue.Not that it should make much of a difference. Senate Republicans are determined to get him through, even if it means changing the rules to require a simple majority.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
1882, Dixie Chicks’ Natalie Maines Can’t Stop Tweeting At Trump And It’s A Thing Of Beauty (TWEETS),"Never shy to speak her mind, Dixie Chicks  Natalie Maines has clearly had enough of Donald Trump s shenanigans, and over the last several days, she has really been heating up her attacks.Not to go back too far, but let s take a look from about mid-March on. Clearly not holding back, she posts this:I just love T.I.'s use of alliteration in his poetry;) pic.twitter.com/aEo15COU19  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) March 16, 2017Then this:""Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom"" Thomas Jefferson@realDonaldTrump @POTUS  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) March 17, 2017And this:""Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them, Donald Trump invents them."" Einstein/Maines@realDonaldTrump @POTUS  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) March 17, 2017Then Maines asks Trump a question that we d really all like answered: Well, [Trump], how do you see this all ending?I put my money on you being a quitter and blaming everybody else for it. Well @realDonaldTrump how do you see this all ending?I put my money on you being a quitter and blaming everybody else for it.  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) March 21, 2017And then goes on to mock him:Obama is that you? ?@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/0SaV5ZCFof  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) March 21, 2017Then things got a little deep. Maines wrote: Do you ever feel like you can t escape the person that brings out the worst in you? [Donald Trump] you re mine and I hate you for it. Do you ever feel like you can't escape the person that brings out the worst in you? @realDonaldTrump you're mine and I hate you for it.  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) April 4, 2017And something we ve all thought. Well, those of us with souls and a conscience, both of which Trump seems to lack:So, @realDonaldTrump I'm just desperate for you to care about all https://t.co/PhfD7LGqGQ,white,poor,rich,gay,straight. I need you to care.  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) April 4, 2017She didn t stop there:Because @realDonaldTrump in the end it's all that really https://t.co/pALRruTqmE pure was your heart? Not how much $$ did you make?  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) April 4, 2017I beg you @realDonaldTrump ,please make America great for people who don't even know from great.  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) April 4, 2017That's what will make you a good human being that stops tweeting hatred and discrimination at 4AM.@realDonaldTrump  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) April 4, 2017Just do right by human beings. If you take $$ out of the equation, the same basic things bring every human happiness. @realDonaldTrump  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) April 4, 2017That implies that Trump is actually human, and that has still yet to be determined. The man lies with no remorse, surrounds himself with only folks who agree with him, and actually thinks that he s doing a good job. How can we convince him otherwise if he s so absorbed within himself? It may not even be possible.However, we thank you for trying, Natalie! Somebody has to.Featured images via Getty Images",0
1883, House Dems Take On Fight For Trump’s Tax Returns With Bold New Move That Will INFURIATE Him,"Trump promised to release his tax returns, and then, as we all remember, made excuse after excuse after excuse not to. With tax reform now on the table, and Trump s plan taking center stage in the White House following the massive failure to repeal the ACA, House Democrats may finally have a way to force him to release his returns: Refuse to even consider tax-reform legislation until after they ve seen his returns.Seriously. Rep. Hakeem Jeffries, a Democrat from New Jersey, introduced the resolution as a way to discover just how Trump himself will benefit from tax reform before any legislation even makes it out of the committee:BRILLIANT! New Dem bill would delay Trump s tax reform legislation until he releases his tax returns: pic.twitter.com/2USVD4KNBf  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) April 5, 2017When Republicans ask why Trump s tax returns are so important, this is why. Trump is already personally benefiting from the White House. His ideas for tax reform (along with the rest of the GOP s ideas) could be crafted around how it will help him continue to line his pockets.One of the most obvious problems is that Trump s cabinet is full of billionaires, and his tax plan, along with every plan of the GOP s, will amount to hefty tax cuts for the rich and for businesses. They do not help average Americans, who are the people most in need of tax relief.Furthermore, during the campaign, Trump called himself smart for finding ways to avoid paying taxes. Any tax reform he pushes Congress to consider is extremely likely to be of personal benefit to him because that s how he rolls. If it wasn t how he rolled, he would have officially divested of his business interests, he would not allow the government to fund the business trips of his two sons, and he probably would have let us see his returns so the entire country could compare his tax plans to the taxes he currently pays (or doesn t pay).In short, without being able to see his tax returns, President Rich-Bitch can do what he wants with taxes without much more than the standard outcry about tax cuts for the wealthy. Now, the Democrats  plan would allow the House Ways and Means Committee to review his taxes in a closed-door session, so they still wouldn t be truly public. However, if the Congressional committee in charge of taxes knows what s in there, then there s a chance, however slim, that we ll get tax reform that s far fairer than what Trump likely wants.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1884, WATCH: Adam Schiff Double Dog Dares White House To Let Sally Yates Testify,"Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, just double dog dared the White House to let Sally Yates testify.Speaking to MSNBC s Andrea Mitchell on Wednesday, Schiff said,  the person that is in the best position to talk about the events that led up to his [Mike Flynn s] firing is Sally Yates.  Schiff told Mitchell that he has asked for Yates, who was the acting attorney general until Donald Trump fired her for defying him, to testify on what she told the White House regarding the disgraced former national security adviser s interactions with Russia. She is more than willing to testify, we have asked her to testify, the White House says   at least   publicly   they want her to testify,  Schiff said.  There is a letter sitting on the desk of my chairman that I ve signed, requesting that hearing to be rescheduled, and we are waiting for a response. Yates was scheduled to testify last month but Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA), chairman of the committee, suddenly canceled the hearing without warning. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer keeps claiming that Trump wants Yates to testify and Schiff called their bluff on Wednesday. Sean Spicer has said he would like Sally Yates to testify, so let s hold Sean Spicer to his word,  Schiff said.  Let s bring her in and allow her to tell the American people just what led to Michael Flynn s firing and what she may know about any conversation he had with the Russian ambassador on the subject of relief from Obama sanctions on Russia over its intervention to help Donald Trump. According to Schiff, the only thing keeping her from testifying is that Nunes hasn t rescheduled the hearing yet. You can watch him double dog dare the White House to allow Yates to testify below:Featured image via video screen capture ",0
1885, Reporter Reveals The Real Reason Trump Fired Bannon From WH Post And It’s Petty As Hell (VIDEO),"News that one of Trump s closest advisor, Steve Bannon, had been ousted from his position within the National Security Council, only further reinforced the disturbing amount of chaos happening within the White House. People are fired abruptly. People resign abruptly. And the reasons why are always obscured through a mountain of lies.In Bannon s case, the official White House line was that he had only been placed in his role to keep an eye on disgraced former national security advisor Michael Flynn.sr WH official tells me Bannon was only on NSC to keep an eye on Flynn & ""de-operationalize NSC from Rice"" & that he never went to a meeting  Rosie Gray (@RosieGray) April 5, 2017Unfortunately for Trump, the cover story was so hamfisted that it began falling apart almost immediately. In their rush to spin the story, top placed  anonymous sources  all began using the oddly specific word  de-operationalize  to describe Bannon s role suggesting this was a talking point being crafted from the White House itself. The excuse that Bannon was there to watch Michael Flynn is even worse. Trump has repeatedly stood by Flynn, so claiming he wanted Bannon to watch him means he knew Flynn was a crook but put him in the job anyways. Not a good look.What s the real reason Bannon was slapped down? A source close to Trump told White House correspondent John Roberts that Trump had grown increasingly jealous of Bannon sharing his  limelight. We are also told, though, that the president wasn t particularly happy with the way Bannon had been grabbing the limelight and that may have also played into all of this. The other, other shoe drops. @johnrobertsFox:  The president wasn t particularly happy at the way Bannon had been grabbing the limelight  pic.twitter.com/P3PIXNwL0n  Tom Namako (@TomNamako) April 5, 2017Which is kind of like life imitating art because for months people have been noting that the best (and perhaps only) way to stop severely unqualified Bannon from having influence in the White House would be to appeal to Trump s massive ego.Memo to all magazine editors: Put Bannon on the cover with big headlines referring to him as ""The Real President."" https://t.co/tMHXB5ZpVN  Jeet Heer (@HeerJeet) February 7, 2017And Politico reported in February that Trump was already furious that Bannon was getting some of the credit for his administration s actions. It s an issue that s been nagging at him for months.Hilariously, Saturday Night Live seized upon this unique opportunity to piss off Trump by referring to a grim reaper clothed Bannon as  President Bannon,  playing up the fact that Trump wasn t really in charge.Apparently, this childish play on Trump s narcissism actually worked. Trump would never go after Bannon because he s unqualified and overtly racist, or that he once described himself as Satan and Darth Vader. But Trump would certainly go after Bannon for getting too much attention. And he just did.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1886, Trump Stands Up For Fellow Sexual Harasser Bill O’Reilly: He Didn’t Do ‘Anything Wrong’,"On March 31, Donald Trump declared April  National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month.  On April 5   less than one week later   he said fellow scumbag Bill O Reilly didn t do  anything wrong  when he seemingly sexually harassed a large number of his female staff over the years. But then, Donald Trump himself has been accused of numerous sexual assaults and harassment, so birds of a feather.The New York Times got an exclusive interview with Trump and walked away with two bombshell findings, both awful in their own unique way: First, Trump duped veteran journalists Maggie Haberman and Glenn Thrush into publishing a slanderous claim that Susan Rice, the former national security adviser under Obama, had committed a crime. That would be a huge story if not for the fact that when asked to produce a single shred of evidence, Trump refused to do so. I think it s going to be the biggest story,  Mr. Trump said in an interview in the Oval Office, declining repeated requests for evidence for his allegations or the names of other Obama administration officials.  It s such an important story for our country and the world. It is one of the big stories of our time. He declined to say if he had personally reviewed new intelligence to bolster his claim but pledged to explain himself  at the right time. And he s currently already nursing several other claims   3 million people illegally voted, Obama illegally wiretapped him   which he has also failed to provide any proof for. Despite these repeated offenses, Habermann and Thrush ran the story as if Trump weren t the biggest bullshitter in the world. That s inexcusable.But Trump wasn t done. After pretending to uncover a major political scandal, Trump moved onto his friend Bill O Reilly. O Reilly is currently embroiled in scandal that may cost him his job after having been exposed as settling at least five sexual harassment lawsuits filed against him from female coworkers. Trump, five days into Sexual Assault and Prevent Month, jumped to his friend s defense. I think he s a person I know well   he is a good person,  said Mr. Trump, who during the interview was surrounded at his desk by a half-dozen of his highest-ranking aides, including the economic adviser Gary Cohn and Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, along with Vice President Mike Pence. I think he shouldn t have settled; personally I think he shouldn t have settled,  said Mr. Trump.  Because you should have taken it all the way. I don t think Bill did anything wrong. Here s what Trump considers innocent behavior   locker room talk, if you will   by O Reilly:The women who made allegations against Mr. O Reilly either worked for him or appeared on his show. They have complained about a wide range of behavior, including verbal abuse, lewd comments, unwanted advances and phone calls in which it sounded as if Mr. O Reilly was masturbating, according to documents and interviews.The reporting suggests a pattern: As an influential figure in the newsroom, Mr. O Reilly would create a bond with some women by offering advice and promising to help them professionally. He then would pursue sexual relationships with them, causing some to fear that if they rebuffed him, their careers would stall.Trump, of course, has a large list of his own offenses against women. During the campaign, over a dozen women came forward to recount times he had assaulted or attempted to assault them. Trump himself seemed to back up their claims in a leaked audio recording where he bragged about grabbing and kissing women even without their consent. Other women have also come forward to describe times Trump was sexually demeaning or suggestive to them.To watch Trump and O Reilly, both with histories of abuse, cover for each other is truly nauseating.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1887," Trump Just Got SHREDDED By A Republican Strategist, Presidency CRUMBLING (TWEETS)","There s nothing odd about Donald Trump getting blasted day in and day out by the media and those who didn t support him in the first place, but the rate at which Trump gets crucified by his own Republican Party is unprecedented.The latest GOPer to take Trump to the woodshed is Republican strategist Rick Wilson, who pretty much obliterated Trump s presidency today. In several tweets this morning, Wilson brutally blasted Trump by stating the obvious, which many conservatives are still afraid to admit: Trump is Is.Bad.At.Being.President. Pointing out that  Trump s poll numbers suck for a reason,  here s what Wilson had to say about America s undeserving president: Then, Wilson lashed out at the remaining Republicans that are still defending Trump and standing by him despite all of his failures and shortcomings. In a shocking rant attacking conservatives that refuse to see how dangerous and incompetent Trump really is, Wilson continued:  Wilson is 100% right. Trump is NOT presidential material, and he has made very little attempt to actually rise up to the challenge of his new role and responsibilities. His polling numbers alone are the most pathetic we ve ever seen, and many Americans are in complete agreement with what Wilson is saying here.The Republican Party has screwed itself by allowing Trump to succeed. America will remember the GOP as the party forever attached to the least successful, most shameful president the country has ever had. Trump s ties to Russia alone will brand the GOP as the least patriotic political party in existence. The damage Trump has done to the party is irreversible, and Wilson knows it. He s part of the group of Republicans that is increasingly frustrated by what he sees of Trump and the GOP, and clearly, wishes this nightmare would be over already.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1888, Trump Finally Booted A Certain White Supremacist From The National Security Council,"Months into his presidency, Donald Trump seems to have finally realized that it was probably not the greatest idea to install a prominent white supremacist media guy on the National Security Council. According to Bloomberg White House reporter Jennifer Jacobs, The Donald made a few changes to the Council   most notably Bannon s removal:NEW: Trump National Security Council reorganization:-removed Bannon-downgraded Bossert-elevated Coats and Dunford-McMaster sets agenda.  Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) April 5, 2017According to the White House, Bannon s role on the council was  to look over Gen. Flynn s shoulder    a position that is no longer needed especially after Flynn offered to roll over on his former allies in the Trump administration in exchange for immunity from prosecution. Officials claim Bannon did not attend a single meeting, and that his role is no longer needed now that National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster is in charge.NEW: Bannon's role on NSC was to look over Gen. Flynn's shoulder, a White House official said.He never went to meeting. https://t.co/mWsWjw7Qbk  Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) April 5, 2017Lest the real story here get lost, it s important for us to realize that the White House just admitted to giving someone they could not trust top-level security clearance and access to our nation s secrets   and assigning the white nationalist who used to run Breitbart, which he calls a  platform for the alt-right  ( alt-right  means Nazis), to keep an eye on Flynn s loyalties and actions.The Trump administration says Bannon was also there to  de-operationalize  the NSC from the Susan Rice era. He retails his top-level security clearance.In addition to keeping eye on Flynn, Bannon's role on National Security Council was to ""de-operationalize"" NSC from Susan Rice era, I'm told https://t.co/pCnBb4B06o  Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) April 5, 2017NEW: Bannon's national security clearance was NOT stripped, I'm told. He still has the highest clearance.  Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) April 5, 2017Banner on @DRUDGE_REPORT is false, per White House aides.Steve Bannon still has his security clearance. pic.twitter.com/NOT7NhEm2T  Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) April 5, 2017In other words, Bannon still has access to our nation s secrets, just in a less obvious manner.The Trump administration is looking for ways to put lipstick on a pig in hopes of not being remembered as the worst thing that has ever happened to our country. Unfortunately for them, they re really bad at this stuff.Featured image via screengrab",0
1889, Heroin Addict Trump Voter Sad Now That Donald Is Taking Away His Treatments (VIDEO),"Pennsylvania resident Kurt Farmer was perfectly fine with building a wall to keep brown people out of the country, banning Muslims from entering the United States, and Donald Trump s other horrifying policies, but he (like the Ku Klux Klan and other hate groups who backed Trump during the election) also made the mistake of believing that The Donald had his interests as a white man at heart.Unfortunately, as a recovering heroin addict, Farmer is now suffering quite a bit of buyer s remorse after learning that his treatments are going to go bye-bye under Trump. Farmer relies on Medicaid to pay for his recovery treatments, and Trump is currently in the process of trying to gut healthcare for all those dirty poors in the country who act like the Constitution guarantees the right to  life  or something. If I didn t have Medicaid, I wouldn t be able to pay for this,  Farmer told CNN.  I would like to say I wouldn t relapse but the chances are from past experience, if I m not going to treatment, in a matter of a few weeks I start getting high. Farmer recently learned   like the rest of us   that the White House intends to allow states to opt out of the Essential Health Benefits regulations under Obamacare   the very same ones that force private insurers and Medicaid to pay for substance abuse recovery.Farmer is the most recent in Trump voters who have lost the faith   but only after learning that they would be hurt by his policies just as much as immigrants, Muslims, and others Trump and his supporters view as Untermensch.This is the difference between conservatives and the rest of us: While we realized The Donald is bad for America as a whole, they waited until he was bad for them to care.Watch the CNN segment below:Featured image via screengrab",0
1890, Trump FURIOUS As Latest Obamacare Numbers Prove It’s Not Going Anywhere (IMAGES),"Donald Trump s approval rating plummeted after his disastrous attempt to get support for his American Health Care Act (Trumpcare) crashed and burned. It was a disastrous health care bill to begin with, proving to be higher in cost while stripping millions of Americans of life-saving health care   and Trump paid for it with his lowest approval ratings yet. Trump is swimming in bad news, but the latest info about the Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare) is about to make it worse.Apparently, the GOP s effort to do away with Obamacare has created quite the opposite effect   Obamacare is now more popular than it s ever been. Since the bill was signed in 2010, Americans are now more in favor of it than ever before:A new Gallup survey also echoes this monumental change   in the last five months alone, Obamacare approval skyrocketed 13 percentage points, and part of that change has been thanks to the GOP s failure to provide a better solution. The Gallup survey discovered that 55% of America now approves of the Affordable Care Act:Gallup s Jim Norman states that this has big implications for the law   and directly affects what the Republican Party may or may not be able to do in the future. Norman said: If that majority holds, it would be a significant development. Politically, it creates a major obstacle to Trump and Congress  ongoing efforts to change or replace the law. In future elections, it could turn the GOP s opposition to the law from an asset into a liability. More importantly in the daily lives of Americans, it might mean that the most sweeping changes to the nation s healthcare system in decades will remain the law of the land for the foreseeable future. Another poll from the Kaiser Family Foundation discovered that although there was equal opposition and approval for Obamacare, 64% of Americans were pleased that Trumpcare failed because it was obviously far worse. The majority of Americans (61%) are now also holding Trump and the GOP responsible for the future of America s health care, and strongly believe Trump should find a way to improve Obamacare, not repeal it.This information is sure to set Trump on fire, considering how desperate he was to get rid of the bill as soon as he began his role as POTUS. Given the fact that his ideas and agendas are more unpopular than ever, his presidency might be filled with Obama s policies and laws for quite a while.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1891, WATCH: Louis C.K. NAILS Trump And His Gullible Supporters During Appearance On Colbert,"If Donald Trump was watching The Late Show with Stephen Colbert last night he was probably screaming at the television.Because when comedian Louis C.K. made an appearance on the show he did not hold back when he was asked about the liar in the White House. Sometimes people lie,  That guy lied, they found out he lied.  Then there s somebody who lies because they can t quite stay inside the boundaries of truth,  C.K. began.  Then you have a liar, somebody who it s almost like a problem, they lie a lot. Then you have a lying sack of sh*t,  he continued as the audience became more excited.  That s somebody who just they just lie, they like it, he likes it. He just goes,  Heh heh, that wasn t even true, wasn t even true.  Then I said  they were liars.  It s just insane. It s just gross. He s just a gross, crook, dirty, rotten, lying sack of sh*t, that s how I feel. The audience wildly applauded but Colbert alerted C.K. that there was at least one guy in the crowd who voted for the liar. Louis, there s a guy who voted for him up there,  Colbert said.That s when C.K. noted that Trump voters were duped. Trump voters were hurt the most because Trump lied to them and they believed him. Look if you voted, that s the guy he lied to,  C.K. said.  He didn t lie to me. He lied to him, he didn t lie to me. Everybody else was like  yeah, no that s not true.  But that guy bought it. He s the victim of the lying. Here s the video via Twitter.Tune in tonight to hear #LouisCK explain what kind of liar our President is. #GROSS #CROOK #DIRTY #ROTTEN #LYINGSACKOF  #LSSC pic.twitter.com/mMXbz5ShXA  The Late Show (@colbertlateshow) April 5, 2017And Louis C.K. is absolutely right. Trump is the king of lies, his biggest of which is that he will  make America great again.  His lies about not having any ties to Russia and his lie about President Obama wiretapping him have also been widely covered and debunked. However, Trump continues to repeat them at every turn.A lot of Trump supporters now realize that they made a huge mistake as Trump s policies directly harm them and their families. But again, it s hard to pity a group of people who made such a stupid decision when it was crystal clear that Trump was lying. All they had to do is accept the facts instead of buying Trump s bullshit  alternative facts.  If they had done that, Trump would not be in the White House ruining their lives now.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1892, The FBI’s Russia Investigation Just Took A Turn That Will TERRIFY Trump (DETAILS),"The FBI is doing something with its probe into Russia s interference in our election that should terrify Trump and anybody in his administration, or who worked on his campaign, that has ties to Russia. Put simply, they re creating a special unit dedicated to better coordination of investigation efforts, and to give James Comey better insight into the probe s details.One FBI agent said that  it s meant to surge resources. This looks both like an expansion and streamlining of things. This particular investigation is getting so big that they re starting to have trouble managing it. It s not the first time they ve created a special unit for a high-profile,  sprawling  investigation of this nature. They did it when looking into Wikileaks  release of classified documents, and (because of course) when they were looking into Hillary s emails.It does signify just how seriously the FBI is taking this.There is a growing possibility that Trump or at least high-level members of his campaign colluded with Russia during the election to bring down Hillary Clinton and elevate Trump to the White House. They look so bad that the Obama administration created a document numbering system to personally hand over to the Senate Intelligence Committee to make it harder for Trump and company to hide documents relating to Russia.Trump was dismissive of the intelligence community s findings on Russia s hacking, saying that nobody had any idea who could have done it: It could be Russia, but it could also be China, it could also be lots of other people. It also could be somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds. Since then, he s continued to dismiss findings and allegations, refusing to believe either that his buddy Putin would do this, or that the intelligence community could possibly get so close to nailing him for collusion.Either way, the new unit will make the FBI s investigation run more smoothly and efficiently, and it will give Director Comey better knowledge and understanding of what s going on   things that he may have to present to Congress at a later date.Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images",0
1893, Lawrence O’Donnell Is Trolling Bill O’Reilly Over His Sexual Harassment Scandals; It’s BRILLIANT (TWEET),"In the age of Donald Trump, it seems that Twitter is ground zero for public spats, public shaming, and all sorts of back and forth exchanges. That is why this is the platform Lawrence O Donnell, host MSNBC s The Last Word, is using to troll Bill O Reilly s reprehensible behavior when it comes to what appears to be years and years of sexually harassing women from his throne over at Fox News.It seems that O Reilly is choosing to actually sue one of his accusers for speaking out, and O Donnell is determined to gin up as much public support as possible for this woman in her most vulnerable hour. He tweeted:O Reilly threatens to sue Wendy Walsh for ""defamation of Mr O'Reilly's character."" Sue me too because I believe her. https://t.co/jQ3y3mUvbM  Lawrence O'Donnell (@Lawrence) April 4, 2017That isn t all O Donnell did, either. He tweeted that challenge to O Reilly while he was live on the air Tuesday night, and asked all of his viewers to retweet it, thus showing Bill O Reilly that the game is up, that we know what he did to those women, and that we know that he is bullying, threatening, and intimidating the accuser who is speaking publicly, Wendy Walsh, so that she will shut up.This is what using a public platform for good looks like. Thank you, Lawrence O Donnell, for standing up to the disgusting, misogynistic goon that is Bill O Reilly, and continuing to expose the culture of sexual harassment that is so prevalent at Fox News.",0
1894, Members Of Intel Committee Say Russia Scandal Could Result In Jail Time,"Members of the House Intelligence Committee are saying that Donald Trump and his treasonous cronies could find themselves behind bars. Two Democrats on the committee said today that jail time could very likely be the outcome of the investigation into Russia s interference in the 2016 election and Trump s possible collusion with them.On Tuesday, Rep. Joaquin Castro told CNN s Wolf Blitzer that he  wouldn t be surprised after all of this is said and done, that some people end up in jail.  Blitzer pressed him on whether he  meant not just one individual, but people, plural.  The congressman wouldn t point to anyone in particular but did say  his impression  was that more than one person could find themselves behind bars. You re confident that at least some Trump associates will wind up in jail?  Blitzer sked. If I was betting, I would say yes,  Castro replied.Congressman Denny Heck, another Democrat on the committee, went a step further than Castro during an interview with MSNBC on Tuesday evening while speaking with Chris Matthews. I want to respectfully disagree with my dear friend Joaquin Castro, next to whom I sit on the intelligence committee. He said he would not be surprised if people ended up going to jail. I will be surprised if people don t end up going to jail,  Heck said.Matthews asked about FBI Director James Comey s announcement that a special unit was being formed to handle the investigation of Trump s shady ties with Russia. Heck replied that he was sure  anybody associated with the Trump orbit that was involved in Russia s financial entanglements probably was calling their lawyer today. You can watch Castro s interview with CNN here:And Heck s interview with MSNBC here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1895, Bill O’Reilly SCREWS Fox News As SHOCKING Amount Of Advertisers Abandon Network (TWEET),"One of Fox News  biggest and most successful news personalities is bringing the network down in a major way.Recently, The O Reilly Factor host Bill O Reilly was exposed for a massive amount of sexual harassment lawsuits that the network settled for him over the span of his career. As Fox has already gained quite the reputation for its sexist culture and tendency to protect its people from sexual harassment allegations, this is damaging enough to the network s reputation   but it s looking like the network will also suffer a big financial hit.So far   and this is just the beginning   as many as 20 advertisers have pulled ads from O Reilly s show over word of the lawsuits. These advertisers include major brands such as Mercedes-Benz, Hyundai, BMW of North America, Mitsubishi Motors, Lexus, Constant Contact, Bayer, Ainsworth Pet Nutrition, UNTUCKit, Allstate, Esurance, T. Rowe Price, GlaxoSmithKline, Sanofi, Orkin, and Wayfair. And of course, Fox News is trying to sweep this under the rug and pretend that these ad dollars are going to be used elsewhere on Fox. What else would you expect from the most dishonest cable news network?This is really, REALLY bad news for the network. O Reilly was responsible for bringing in over $400 billion in advertisements from 2014-2016 alone. If advertisers are deciding to walk away from O Reilly over these new revelations, this could really hurt Fox News  bottom line.Fox News is already struggling to begin with, as the network has lost almost all credibility for defending and continuing to support Donald Trump. The network has been proven to be highly inaccurate, and Trump has helped to make Fox News a joke when it comes to trustworthy media. O Reilly s recent scandal could be the final straw for the network, as it becomes even less popular than before.Featured image via Ilya S. Savenok/Getty Images",0
1896, The Trump Administration Just Wrote North Korea Off – Trump Looks WEAKER Than Ever,"North Korea has been launching  intermediate range  ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan for awhile now, and, of course, it would be a good idea for us to have an administration that will actually speak out against this potential threat. Yet the Trump administration, for all Trump s bluster about Obama s  weakness  on Syria, just issued a statement on their latest launch that should make everyone s jaws drop. Rex Tillerson literally just said: North Korea launched yet another intermediate range ballistic missile. The United States has spoken enough about North Korea. We have no further comment. ? This is Rex Tillerson s statement on North Korea s missile launch pic.twitter.com/S2xAgZAGlX  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) April 4, 2017That s the best he can come up with? Does Tillerson have no idea what he s doing? Probably not. No, North Korea just fired a missile into the Sea of Japan, which one of our own allies considers a threat. Back in February, they launched a missile into the same area and Trump had a pow-wow over it with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at Mar-a-Lago, prompting tons of questions about the security of the place. Now we have no comment at all.Why?It s possible it s because Trump s both hoping and expecting China to take care of the problem so he doesn t have to. In fact, he sent Chinese president Xi Jinping a message that  the clock has run out on North Korea,  and if they decide not to help,  it won t be good for anyone.  The funny thing is he s all bluster here. He s being a peacock about it and hoping that China will see his feathers and decide it s in their best interests to help us with Pyongyang in ways they ve never done before.And then we won t have to do very much. We can t take unilateral action against North Korea and hope that China will fall in line, because we can t really take such action. China knows that. So what s Tillerson doing here? Making Trump look as weak as rotted wood on North Korea now.But Trump will use a gas attack on innocents in Syria as an excuse to blast Obama for being too weak. Good job being a world leader, Trump. You and Tillerson sure showed them.Featured image by Olivier Douliery-Pool via Getty Images",0
1897," Trump Uses Syria Attack To Slam Obama, And Twitter GLEEFULLY Shows The Problem With That (TWEETS)","Most leaders, when they give statements on atrocities happening elsewhere in the world, use the opportunity to condemn those atrocities and pledge some kind of help or solidarity. Not Trump. As he has done in the past, he used a devastating attack in Syria as an opportunity to slam his imaginary enemies   in this case, President Obama. When he was done with that, he decided to tack a condemnation onto his statement. The whole thing reads:Trump statement on Syria chemical attack brings up Obama s  red line  pic.twitter.com/WUl3GPeYCo  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) April 4, 2017The problem is that Trump repeatedly urged Obama not to engage in Syria at all. He said Obama should focus on  our many problems,  on  our country,  and forget Syria. He said things of this nature at least four times:President Obama, do not attack Syria. There is no upside and tremendous downside. Save your  powder  for another (and more important) day!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 7, 2013If Syria was forced to use Obamacare they would self-destruct without a shot being fired. Obama should sell them that idea!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 6, 2013Obama must now start focusing on OUR COUNTRY, jobs, healthcare and all of our many problems. Forget Syria and make America great again!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 11, 2013AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA   IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 5, 2013So what was Obama supposed to have done? Attack and cause a problem, or not attack and cause a problem? Twitter s having a field day with this:@BraddJaffy Trump mentions the red line. Well guess what @realDonaldTrump, you re in charge now. You get to do something about it. Or not. Choose wisely  lawhawk (@lawhawk) April 4, 2017@BraddJaffy Does Trump even realize that HE is actually the President now?  TrumpsTaxes (@TrumpsTaxes) April 4, 2017@MikeMayoral @BraddJaffy Yeah I just don t know how bad this exposure is and he just pretends he didn t say this lol. Used to be a day where you owned up to things  Ti Dog True 4K (@BeastFireTimdog) April 4, 2017@BraddJaffy Kind of makes you wonder whether Trump was in cahoots w/ Russia back in 2013.  Scott (@moodonthepitch) April 4, 2017@realDonaldTrump This didn t age well  Andrea (@catlady_andrea) April 4, 2017@realDonaldTrump #ThisDidntAgeWell  Bob Kennedy (@rfkjunior) April 4, 2017@BraddJaffy That was before he told us that he knew more than the Generals. He was correct being wrong because he hadn t known he knew more @ the time.  Ted Hogbin (@tedomega) April 4, 2017@BraddJaffy @ktumulty How do u spell  FLIP FLOP  JAMES BAXTER (@JAMESBAXT) April 4, 2017No, Trump s tweets do not age well in a lot of cases. A foolish leader called a previous leader foolish for wanting to go into Syria, and then blames his lack of action there for today s attack. Sad!Featured image by Olivier Douliery-Pool via Getty Images",0
1898, Fox News Gets Bad News As Advertisers Start Dumping Bill O’Reilly Over Sexual Harassment Pay-Offs,"Fox News is now probably regretting their decision to keep Bill O Reilly instead of Megyn Kelly.Earlier this week, it was revealed that Bill O Reilly and the conservative network have paid off several women to stave off sexual harassment lawsuits.In all, five women have been paid $13 million of what amounts to hush money to stop them from publicly hauling O Reilly s ass to court.For years, O Reilly s behavior toward his female colleagues at Fox has drawn criticism and outrage, especially since he remains employed by the network.O Reilly and Fox previously settled a lawsuit filed by former Fox host Juliet Huddy and a lawsuit filed by Andrea Tantaros is still ongoing. The worst part of my job is being a target for those who would harm me and my employer, the Fox News Channel,  O Reilly pathetically claimed in his defense after the new revelations came to light.O Reilly is trying to portray himself as the victim, but if that were true he would have fought the charges in court to clear his name rather than pay the women off.Fox News recently renewed O Reilly s contract because his show makes the network a lot of money, but that is all changing now because advertisers are dumping O Reilly.According to CNN,Mercedes-Benz, Hyundai, BMW of North America, Constant Contact, Ainsworth Pet Nutrition, UNTUCKit and Sanofi are pulling ads from  The O Reilly Factor. In a statement, Hyundai said they would rather seek partnerships with companies that don t condone sexual harassment.We had upcoming advertising spots on the show but are reallocating them due to the recent and disturbing allegations. As a company we seek to partner with companies and programming that share our values of inclusion and diversity. We will continue to monitor and evaluate the situation as we plan future advertising decisions.Mercedes-Benz said the same thing.The allegations are disturbing and, given the importance of women in every aspect of our business, we don t feel this is a good environment in which to advertise our products right now.In addition, Lexus and Jenny Craig appear to be leaning toward also removing their ads from O Reilly s show since they have condemned sexual harassment and promised to monitor the story as it unfolds.O Reilly may be Fox s cash cow but if more companies pull advertising money from his show they will likely be forced to reexamine his worth to the company. After all, Fox News has spent millions of dollars paying off his victims and paying legal expenses. If the company starts losing millions of dollars from advertisers they ll have to conclude that O Reilly is too much of a financial liability to the company to keep around any longer.And that could finally put an end to the career of one of the most sexist and racist loudmouths in all of cable news history.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1899, Trump’s Son Thinks Batsh*t Crazy Pizzagate Conspiracy Theorist Should Get A Pulitzer,"We can t say enough bad things about rape apologist Mike Cernovich but Donald Trump Jr. thinks he s awesome. Cernovich is a major troll on Twitter and he s also promoted the insane Pizzagate conspiracy theory in which he and other right-wing nutbags allege that Hillary Clinton and John Podesta run a child slave ring in the basement of Comet Ping Pong in Washington, D.C. Oh, by the way, I ve been there and there is no basement in the pizzeria.And then there was the time a comedian made fun of Cernovich on Twitter, so the conspiracy theorist Snowflake retaliated by suggesting that he was a child molester. In a now-deleted tweet, Cernovich wrote,  Have you guys ever tried  raping  a girl without using force? Try it. It s basically impossible. Date rape does not exist.  He also says that black women should be slut-shamed so they won t get AIDS. He s that kind of a guy. He s part of the  Alt-Right  (cough, cough, neo-nazis).Cernovich also circulated the conspiracy theory that Hillary Clinton has Parkinson s while offering no evidence to back that up. Quite simply: He s a dick with no balls.Clinton is fading now, she can't last longer than 90 minutes, Parkinson's drugs wearing off. #DebateNight  Mike Cernovich ?? (@Cernovich) October 20, 2016So naturally, Trump Jr. is praising Mike Cernovich after the conspiracy theorist penned a story titled,  Susan Rice Requested Unmasking of Incoming Trump Administration Officials.  For the record, experts say that it s within Rice s rights to request that names be unmasked where there s some intelligence value. But forget the experts! Trump Jr. has a batshit crazy conspiracy theorist on his Dad s side!Junior thinks Cernovich should win a Pulitzer for his  unbiased journalism. Congrats to @Cernovich for breaking the #SusanRice story. In a long gone time of unbiased journalism he'd win the Pulitzer, but not today!  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) April 4, 2017And like his Dad, Junior is screaming  fake news  because why not.Should have gone to CNN that way she would get the Qs in advance  who am I kidding they were never going to ask a real question? #fakenews https://t.co/m6ATjfJJOO  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) April 4, 2017Cernovich penned an  article  in 2012 titled  When In Doubt Whip It Out.  And Donald Trump Jr. s father will go down in history as a pussy grabbing narcissist who, like Cernovich, promotes baseless conspiracy theories. We re starting to see a pattern here.And to add to the irony, the alleged president announced April to be Sexual Assault and Awareness and Prevention Month   -and Trump s son just praised a rape apologist.Photo by David Becker/Getty Images.",0
1900, Trump’s Longtime Friend Larry King Just STUNG Him So Hard He’ll Be Fuming For Weeks,"Larry King has been in the radio and journalism business since 1957 and he s a longtime friend of Donald Trump, so what he just said about him is significant.Trump has taken a ton of criticism since taking office over two months ago, and rightfully so.After all, Trump s scandals continued to stack up and his ineptitude has no end in sight. He opens his mouth when he should keep it shut and he embarrasses himself and this nation with every word he utters and every move he makes. He would rather golf instead of doing his damn job and he appears hell bent on destroying our government. He insults our allies and praises dictators. To make a long story short, Trump has turned America into a laughingstock around the globe.And Larry King put an exclamation point on that fact on Monday during an appearance on Sirius XM s  Tell Me Everything  with host John Fugelsang.King told Fugelsang that Trump s presidency is the  most ridiculous  he s ever seen and went on to slam Trump for appointing people to head departments they want to destroy, specifically referring to Betsy DeVos and Scott Pruitt, who run the Department of Education and the Environmental Protection Agency. It s almost funny,  King began.  To run the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), he hires an anti-environment guy. To run the Secretary of Education, he hires someone who doesn t like education. Doesn t like public schools. That s weird, man. King then further expanded upon his thoughts on the environment by calling out Trump s climate change denial. Trump gets us out of climate change. Who doesn t notice climate change? It s obviously caused by carbon dioxide,  he continued.  To act like it doesn t exist, that s insane. Miami Beach is not going to exist after 2100. Come on. That s climate change. To act like it doesn t exist is insane. I ve got to admit that so far, this is one of the most ridiculous presidencies I ve ever seen,  King concluded.Here s the video via Twitter. This is one of the most ridiculous presidencies I ve ever seen,  @kingsthings told @JohnFugelsang of his friend Donald Trump. pic.twitter.com/17X6fo7n7J  SiriusXMPolitics (@SXMPolitics) April 3, 2017Now we can expect Donald Trump s next Twitter tantrum to be all about how his friend somehow betrayed him by telling the truth.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1901," Trump HUMILIATED, Gets Booed After Telling Construction Workers They Voted For Him (VIDEO)","Trump humiliated himself on Tuesday while speaking to a roomful of construction workers at the North America s Building Trades Unions National Legislative Conference in Washington, D.C. when he claimed that pretty much everyone present voted for him. If you watch the Democrats now the anger, the anger and hatred and they re trying to figure out where did all these people came that voted for Donald Trump?  The Donald said before bragging about his heroic ascendancy to the Oval Office. I had the support of I would say, I would say almost everybody in this room,  Trump bragged. We had tremendous, we had tremendous support. No, we did. There was scattered applause, but the sound that will be playing over and over in Trump s head for the next week is the chrous of boos that accompanied his claim. According to the Huffington Post s Igor Bobic, the boos began after one man yelled  Nope, nope  in response to Trump s allegation that he and others present voted for him.Trump says he had the support of  almost everybody in this room.""""Nope, nope!  one man in audience says, followed by laughter, boos  Igor Bobic (@igorbobic) April 4, 2017Despite his bloviations, Trump knows he is wildly unpopular. He recently became the first President* to skip the White House Correspondents  Dinner in recent memory and even broke with the tradition of throwing out the first pitch of the baseball season which was probably smart:BREAKING: ""Impeach Trump"" banner unfurled by The Resistance during Washington Nationals opening game. pic.twitter.com/T9ZWV2012V  Rogue CPI (@RogueCPI) April 3, 2017Watch Trump embarrass himself below:Featured image via screengrab",0
1902, Women TORCH Ivanka Trump For Celebrating Equal Pay Day After Her Dad Reverses Equal Pay Protection,"Just like her dad, Ivanka Trump s hypocrisy knows no bounds.Donald Trump s daughter pretends to be a great champion for women and women s issues, but the reality is that she is complicit in the harm her daddy is doing to women across the country with his policies.In 2014, President Obama signed an executive order known as the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces order.The law required companies that receive federal contracts to enact pay transparency so women can better fight for equal pay and ended the practice of companies forcing female employees into secret arbitration if they file sexual harassment claims.Well, Trump signed yet another executive order on March 27th to reverse that order and he did it quietly.But women definitely noticed, especially on Tuesday as the nation recognizes Equal Pay Day.However, there s not a lot to celebrate this year since Trump s order gives companies the ability to once again hide pay discrepancies from their female employees and force female employees who are sexually harassed or assaulted on the job to remain silent about it.Frankly, it sounds like another women s march on Washington is necessary, but for now, women directed their outrage at Ivanka Trump, who had the gall to celebrate Equal Pay Day on Twitter all while knowing what her father has done.#EqualPayDay is a reminder that women deserve equal pay for equal work. We must work to close the gender pay gap! https://t.co/CcwsoBXWdF  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) April 4, 2017It s kinda hard to  close the gender pay gap  when Ivanka s own dad is working to widen it.And women were quick to remind Ivanka of that fact..@IvankaTrump you can start by talking to your daddy-boyfriend pic.twitter.com/jPyz4BKiOk  Jess Dweck (@TheDweck) April 4, 2017@IvankaTrump You may need to share with your dad how you feel, he quite obviously doesn t support #EqualPayDay #EqualPayhttps://t.co/UixxN2JDts  ACTIndivisible (@ACTIndivisible) April 4, 2017@IvankaTrump Tell that to your father. He doesn t believe in raising the minimum wage, is anti-union, & we all know how he feel about women s bodies  B.L. Ochman (@whatsnext) April 4, 2017.@IvankaTrump If only you could literally just walk down the hall and do something about it pic.twitter.com/pFjI0zGSpl  Jess Dweck (@TheDweck) April 4, 2017@IvankaTrump Except that your father just cut the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces order. Since we re no longer protected, how DO you plan to close that gap?  Bri Seeley (@BriSeeley) April 4, 2017@IvankaTrump COMPLICIT.  Ella Dawson (@brosandprose) April 4, 2017@IvankaTrump TELL THAT TO YOUR DAD! He just cut down women s protections.  Ryan Graney (@RyanEGraney) April 4, 2017@IvankaTrump Ivanka advocates for equal pay while taking a WH job away from someone much more qualified & deserving.#nepotism #hypocrite #youretheproblem  Ann-Marie Murphy (@amurphy) April 4, 2017@IvankaTrump You re a privileged child who even got a White House job handed to you despite having no qualifications.But please talk to us about struggle  Ana Paz (@anapazprado) April 4, 2017@IvankaTrump What women deserve is to live in a country NOT led by a sexual predator. ? Spare me your hypocritical  feminism.  Kim (@DancinKim76) April 4, 2017Ivanka Trump is a hypocrite who enables her dad at every turn. If she really cared about women, she would stop him every time he tries to do something that hurts them. But she doesn t because she s a traitor to her gender. She s complicit and she should be ashamed of herself.Featured image via Joe Scarnici/Getty Images",0
1903, Inventor Of The Worldwide Web Just DESTROYED Trump’s ‘Disgusting’ Bill To Sell Internet History,"This week, Donald Trump signed a deeply concerning bill that allows internet service providers (ISPs) to sell the browsing histories of their customers to advertisers. It s a disgusting piece of legislation that has Americans around the country concerned for their privacy and has left them feeling vulnerable   and the inventor of the worldwide web himself had some pretty strong feelings toward it as well.Tim Berners-Lee is the computer scientist responsible for the worldwide web we use today. Having seen how much his invention has grown since its creation in 1989, he says he has been  disgusted  by the law Trump just signed in, and has slammed both Trump and the GOP for it in an interview with the Guardian.According to Berners-Lee (and many Americans), user privacy should not be a partisan issue and he was quite shocked that despite facing so much public outcry, the Republican Party rolled this legislation through anyway. Lee said: That bill was a disgusting bill, because when we use the web, we are so vulnerable. Privacy, a core American value, is not a partisan thing. Democrats fight for it and Republicans fight for it, too, maybe even more. So I am very shocked that the Republican party has managed to suggest that it should be trashed; if anyone follows up on this direction there will be a massive pushback   and there must be a massive pushback! Berners-Lee s statement came with a warning as well   he predicted that the Federal Communications Commission would face massive protests if the net neutrality regulations that former President Barack Obama put into place were compromised. He said: If they take away net neutrality, there will have to be a tremendous amount of public debate as well. You can bet there will be public demonstrations if they do try to take it away. Featured image via John Moore / Getty Images",0
1904, Trump Voter PANICKING After Realizing Border Wall Will Put Her House In Mexico (VIDEO),"D Ann Loop of Brownsville, Texas lost much of her land ten years ago when the Bush administration decided to put up a border fence that stretched across what used to be much of her property.Loop and her husband found themselves effectively locked out of the United States, as even their home ended up on the Mexico side of the fence. Their only access is a locked gate.The couple fought to keep their land   and lost   in court, placing all of their property on the southern side of the fence   and their nightmare is about to become very real for potentially thousands of people.You see, recently Texans along the border learned that The Donald was forcing them out of their homes for much less than they are worth. If they choose to stay in their homes, some of them have discovered they will soon be living among the criminal hordes down south. I was very angry, I just kept saying, how can they do that? How is that possible in the United States that they can do this?  Loop says.  They put up a fence in front of our land and then keep us in here   lock us in. I didn t understand. I was very   I was floored and flabbergasted. You hear that, folks? Floored and flabbergasted. It left us no property on the U.S. side of the border wall, including my house,  she says.  Everything was behind   on the Mexican side of the U.S. border fence. You punch your code in or you come behind the border wall, there is a feeling of isolation,  her husband, Ray Loop, added.Thousands of land owners   Trump voters and otherwise   along the Texas border will soon find themselves suffering buyer s remorse for the snake oil they purchased from our huckster-in-chief.Trump voter Pat Bell was fine with The Donald until she learned that his stupid wall placed her in danger of living like the Loops. While she opposed the wall because fences and walls don t work (she was fine with the other hatred espoused by Trump and his supporters, of course), she is finding herself negatively impacted by Mr. 45 s policies. Absolutely I would go to the people who are in charge and, you hate to say I would get a lawyer, but if it comes to that issue, you would,  she says.Trump voters are perfectly fine with banning an entire religion from entering the country and building a wall to keep all those dirty brown rapists to the south from entering the country   even gutting social programs   but the second Trump s terrible policies begin to affect them, they will cry about how unfair their lives are.Watch a report on the Loops  predicament below:Featured image via screengrab",0
1905, Dem. Senator Promises To Filibuster Gorsuch Because Of Trump’s ‘Looming’ Impeachment (VIDEO),"Sen. Richard Blumenthal laid all his cards on the table when it comes to Donald Trump s Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch. The Democratic senator from Connecticut argued that with the  looming  constitutional crisis facing the country and the growing likelihood that Trump will be impeached, Gorsuch should be filibustered.Speaking from the Senate floor on Monday, Blumenthal said that after deliberating carefully and deeply,  he has decided to vote against Gorsuch. He said that although he still harbors resentment over the way Republicans treated former President Obama s SCOTUS nominee, Merrick Garland, that isn t why he will be voting no on Gorsuch. But my vote is not about Merrick Garland. It is about Neil Gorsuch and it is about the constitutional crisis that may well be looming as a potential threat to our democracy. Blumenthal noted the testimony of FBI Director James Comey, reminding his fellow Senators that Trump is being investigated for possibly colluding with Russia to interfere with the 2016 election. This, he explained, makes the Supreme Court more important than ever. The independence of our judicial branch has never been more threatened or more important. The possibility of a Supreme Court needing to enforce a subpoena against the president of the United States is far from idle speculation. It has happened before in United States vs. Nixon. President Trump has launched a campaign of vicious and relentless attacks on the credibility of our judiciary. His disparaging comments have attempted to shake the foundations of respect for judicial rulings, the credibility and trust that is so essential to our Supreme Court and all our courts. And it is a respect that is vital to holding the president himself accountable to the people and our Constitution.The senator added that Trump had promised a  litmus test,  for whatever nominee he chose and as an  acolyte of hard-right special interests,  Gorsuch definitely fits the bill. Because of this, and Gorsuch s evasion of questions regarding civil rights, Blumenthal said he can be expected to attack abortion rights and same-sex marriage, among other things. All reasons he needs to be kept as far away from the bench of the Supreme Court as possible.You can watch Blumenthal explain why he will be voting no on Gorsuch, here:Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1906, Senate Dems Now Have The Votes To F*ck Gorsuch’s SCOTUS Nomination (DETAILS),"Republicans  pledge to make sure Trump s Supreme Court nominee goes through just hit a little bit of a snag with the disappearance of their filibuster-proof majority.On Tuesday, CBS reported that Democrats managed to gather the necessary 41 votes to ruin Donald Trump and his cohorts  week:The crucial 41st vote came from Democratic Sen. Chris Coons of Delaware who announced his decision Monday as the Senate Judiciary Committee met to vote on Gorsuch s nomination.Coons said that he had decided to oppose President Donald Trump s nominee over concerns that include his vague answers in his hearing.Coons  opposition will prevent Republicans from reaching the 60 votes they need to move Gorsuch over procedural hurdles to a final Senate vote.Unfortunately, this doesn t mean that we won t see Gorsuch sitting on the Supreme Court. Republicans are likely to change the Senate rules to allow Gorsuch to be confirmed with a simple majority of 51 votes rather than the current 60 votes needed.So far, two Democrats have betrayed Americans by siding with Republicans   West Virginia s Joe Manchin and North Dakota s Heidi Heitkamp   in supporting Gorsuch s nomination.Things are looking grim for those of us who don t want someone who have proved himself to be the enemy of women and disabled children on the Supreme Court. Keep fighting. Keep making phone calls.We must not allow Donald Trump to destroy the Supreme Court.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)",0
1907, WATCH: Trump Praises And Shakes Hands With Brutal Dictator After Previously Insulting An Ally,"Donald Trump is not just Vladimir Putin s puppet anymore.When German Chancellor Angela Merkel visited the White House, Trump insulted her by refusing to shake her hand. Trump s behavior toward Merkel drew international outrage. Not only did Trump insult Merkel as a woman, he insulted our longtime ally. Germany is a fellow democratic nation that has supported the United States for decades.As we all know, Trump has lavished praise upon Vladimir Putin, complimented North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un, and even invited Rodrigo Duterte, who has committed human rights atrocities in the Philippines, to the White House to pal around. You gotta give him credit,  Trump once said in clear envy of Kim Jong Un.  How many young guys   he was like 26 or 25 when his father died   take over these tough generals, and all of a sudden   he goes in, he takes over, and he s the boss. It s incredible. He wiped out the uncle, he wiped out this one, that one. I mean this guy doesn t play games. But Trump went a step further on Monday when he not only met with Egyptian dictator Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, but also shook his hand twice while being serenaded as  Your Excellency  by el Sisi through a translator.Trump bragged about the United States military and how he is making it even bigger and more expensive, and suggested that Egypt is gong to benefit a lot from it.After singing each other s praises, Trump eagerly shook hands with the dictator without having to be asked and later shook hands again.Clearly, Trump values dictators more than our democratically elected allies.Here s the video via YouTube:Trump has been an admirer of el-Sisi for months and even met with him during the campaign months before Election Day.The Egyptian dictator does not respect human rights and often puts advocates for democracy in prison.This is the kind of leader Trump respects and wants to be friends with and that s a problem that should not be tolerated by the American people.Also, Trump is a complete hypocrite. While Germany pays for their own defense and military, Egypt currently gets $1.5 billion a year from the United States, and you don t see Trump handing el-Sisi a bill for it. Trump certainly isn t demanding that Egypt pay up like he did on Twitter two weeks ago when he falsely accused Germany of owing America money for their defense.Donald Trump s insulting behavior toward our democratic allies and his admiration of dictators is un-American.Featured image via screenshot",0
1908, Racist NYPD Cops Threaten To Tase Black Children For Walking Down The Street (VIDEO),"Now that Donald Trump is president and Jeff Sessions is Attorney General, racist cops everywhere have free reign to abuse vulnerable groups of people at every turn. The latest incidence of said abuse was caught on tape by Brooklyn College Associate Professor of Sociology Alex S. Vitale, in which New York City police officers were seen telling a group of black students that they would use a taser on them if they didn t move away from the sidewalk. This is a definite abuse of authority, as the NYPD s official rules state that tasers are not to be used on minors.When the children were slow to move away from the sidewalk at the intersection of Bedford and Campus Avenue, one of the officers said, What are you going to do about it?  This apparently implies that the cops don t care about the children s rights, and would do as they please. A short time later, one cop asks the kids,  do you want to ride the lightning?  This appears to be slang for the use of a taser.Professor Vitale acknowledges that the actions of the officers on the video  seem [s] like an abuse of authority. Well, it certainly was abusive. Those children were not doing anything wrong. These cops are just looking to hurt black children because they can. They should be fired and charged with criminal offenses. Luckily, the kids involved in this incident weren t harmed, but, so many times, kids have wound up hurt or dead because racist, power-abusing cops decided to hurt them.The NYPD says that the actions of the officers on the tape are going to be investigated internally. Of course, that means nothing, because they are investigating themselves. They ll surely find that they have done nothing wrong, even though there is every indication, when one views that tape, that they ve done EVERYTHING wrong.Welcome to  community policing  in the age of Trump.Watch the disturbing video below:",0
1909, WATCH: Republican Senator Lashes Out At CNN Hosts After Being Called Out For Supreme Court Hypocrisy,"Republicans are desperately trying to convince everyone that what they did to Merrick Garland was totally normal.On Sunday, Mitch McConnell pathetically defended his party s refusal to hold a confirmation hearing for President Obama s Supreme Court nominee by repeating the claim that it s Senate  tradition  to not confirm nominees during an election year. He also made the childish claim that Republicans did it because Democrats would have done it, even though Democrats have never done such a thing.What Republicans did to Merrick Garland was unprecedented and a total disgrace of the Constitution.But Orrin Hatch picked up where McConnell left off by using the same pathetic defense during an interview on CNN Monday.After being asked about what Republicans will do if Democrats block Trump s Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch, Hatch whined and accused Democrats of  politicizing  the confirmation process  while pretending that his own party didn t politicize it throughout 2016 when they refused to even grant Garland a hearing. They re politicizing this whole process,  Hatch said.  This is a guy who is a mainstream conservative, which they hate, they don t like that. And of course, they are still upset about my other friend, Merrick Garland. But the Republicans had every right to delay that within a presidential year. CNN host John Berman called out Hatch s hypocrisy. But they look at you and say that s a double standard,  Berman responded.  You call Judge Gorsuch one of the most qualified judges ever to be nominated. Almost everyone said the same thing about Merrick Garland, including you. Indeed, in 2010, Hatch referred to Garland as a  consensus nominee  and said there is  no question  that he would be easily confirmed to the high court if nominated. Garland even complained in support of Garland in 2016 by whining about President Obama s choice before Garland was chosen. The president told me several times he s going to name a moderate [to fill the court vacancy], but I don t believe him. [Obama] could easily name Merrick Garland, who is a fine man. He probably won t do that because this appointment is about the election. So I m pretty sure he ll name someone the [liberal Democratic base] wants. President Obama made Hatch choke on those words by picking Garland. So there seems to be a double standard where you re saying, it was alright last year when we for political reasons halted the nomination of Merrick Garland,  Berman continued.  But it s not okay this year when Democrats try to halt the nomination of Judge Gorsuch. Hatch responded to Berman by lashing out with a desperate defense of how Republicans behaved in 2016 towards Garland. I ll just tell you straight up, that s total B.S.,  Hatch said.  I can t go back in time and show you any case where in a presidential election year they allowed a Supreme Court justice to be nominated unless both sides agreed. And both sides didn t agree. It was every right of [Majority Leader Mitch McConnell] and Senate Republicans to say we re not going to do this in a presidential year. And at that time, keep in mind, it looked as though Hillary was a sure winner and we would have gotten an even more liberal judge than that one. But that was a stand on principle. Not some new barbaric thing that some have tried to make it. Here s the video via YouTube:Let s make something clear. What Hatch and his fellow Republicans in the Senate did to Merrick Garland was totally unprecedented. They not only rejected Garland after previously praising him, they even refused to grant him a confirmation hearing. That has never happened. Republicans were so unbelievably partisan that Antonin Scalia s body was not even cold yet when they declared that they would refuse to confirm any nominee picked by President Obama. And that brings us yet again to the Republican claim that it s  tradition  for the Senate to not confirm Supreme Court nominees during an election year.That s complete bullshit. As it turns out, the last one occurred only 29 years ago when the Senate confirmed Justice Anthony Kennedy in 1988 during Ronald Reagan s last year in office.It also happened in 1956 when Dwight Eisenhower nominated William Brennan. The Senate confirmed him despite it being an election year.In 1940, also an election year, Franklin Roosevelt nominated Frank Murphy to the Supreme Court and the Senate confirmed him.So contrary to Republican claims, the tradition is that nominees can be and are confirmed despite whether it s an election year or not.That means Hatch is lying to cover his ass because he knows he and his fellow Republicans are complete hypocrites and now that their hypocrisy is coming back to bite them on the ass they want to play the victim.Featured image via screenshot",0
1910, Trump Just Tweeted The FBI To Show Them A Fox News Story Because Of Course,"The Toddler-in-Chief has been busy this morning lashing out at Hillary Clinton, John Podesta s brother and vigorously trying to prove that former President Barack Obama had his phones wiretapped, a conspiracy theory which has never been backed by evidence. And now Trump tagged the FBI s Twitter account (and that s totally not weird at all, k?) to alert the agency to allegations by Fox News of  electronic surveillance  against him.Trump tweeted,  @FoxNews from multiple sources:  There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented.  @FBI .@FoxNews from multiple sources: ""There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented."" @FBI  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 3, 2017Earlier, Trump tweeted,  Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends.  Spied on before nomination.  The real story. Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. ""Spied on before nomination."" The real story.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 3, 2017That didn t go down well on Twitter.@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @FBI ""Quick, the guy we're investigating for corruption just tweeted some Fox News bullshit   put Russia on hold!""  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) April 3, 2017Yet another Donald Trump tweet that has not aged well. pic.twitter.com/UT9Q37zOOl  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) April 3, 2017In a nutshell, this is the  real story  of what happened.@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @FBI NOBODY WIRE-TAPPED TRUMP.The FBI wiretapped some shady Russians.Trump was caught because he was in contact w the shady Russians.  Mikel Jollett (@Mikel_Jollett) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @FBI Why did you tag the FBI when you can get the info from them? You don't have to wait for FOX. This is unprecedented. You are the President.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) April 3, 2017@tonyposnanski @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @FBI Ha ha ha! He is tagging the FBI with Fox news ""Intel""! You just can't make this shit up  Carlos El Trucker (@jcm209) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @FBI YES! We, THE PRESIDENT, need to watch FOX NEWS to get our intel, and we relay this intel to the FBI via posting it on TWITTER! This is #MAGA  Christoph Rehage (@crehage) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends On this matter, we must follow the President's own words   pic.twitter.com/qAupTOxXya  Rob Szczerba (@RJSzczerba) April 3, 2017Trump has been critical in the past of media outlets using anonymous sources, but to the surprise of no one, he s not doing that in this instance as he deflects from his Russia scandal.As  president , Trump has access to U.S. intelligence agencies, the same ones he s blasted in the recent past. Instead, though, Trump s go-to source for information is cable news.Early this morning, Trump lashed out at Hillary Clinton to try to get the public to focus on her instead of his own Russia scandal.  Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?  he tweeted just after 6:00 in the morning.The amateur president followed that tweet up with another one, saying,  Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking! Well, Donald, she isn t the President. Apparently, he doesn t know that. Has Donald apologized for that botched mission in Yemen yet? Or his birther conspiracy theories about America s first black President? Or how about his pussy grabbing remarks in which he advocates for sexual assault. Or calling Mexicans  rapists.  Instead of apologizing, he doubles down. It s what he does.Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images.",0
1911, Trump Just Went After China In UNHINGED Rant; America’s Future In FREE FALL (DETAILS),"It wasn t too long ago that Donald Trump deeply offended China by taking a phone call from Taiwan, violating the One China policy. Since then, foreign relations under this new failing presidency have been nothing but chaotic and tense   and unfortunately Trump is just making things worse.Over the weekend, Trump showed everyone that he s learning absolutely nothing about diplomacy, as he sent another  f*ck you  to China. In an interview with the Financial Times published Sunday, Trump warned China that if they don t get North Korea under control, America would step in. Trump said he is  totally  confident that the U.S. could handle North Korea s nuclear weapons program without any help. His words were: If China is not going to solve North Korea, we will. That is all I am telling you. China has great influence over North Korea. And China will either decide to help us with North Korea, or they won t. And if they do that will be very good for China, and if they don t it won t be good for anyone. Then, he claimed that he could motivate China to move against the North Koreans, yet failed to clarify: I m not going to tell you. You know, I am not the United States of the past where we tell you where we are going to hit in the Middle East. This interview also had several other insane elements to it, in which Trump continued to defend his lies about former President Barack Obama wiretapping him and insisted that those false claims were  turning out to be true.  However, his comments about China are likely some of the most disturbing to come out of the interview.Trump s timing couldn t be more disastrous, as he is set to meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping at his Mar-a-Lago club this week   which will likely be another opportunity for Trump to disrespect China and put America at risk.Featured image via Joe Raedle / Getty Images",0
1912, Trump Just Got Ripped APART After Demanding Clinton Apologize For Fake Thing She Didn’t Do (TWEETS),"Donald Trump s desperation to talk about something   anything   that doesn t involve Russia has caused him to lose what was left of his mind, apparently.On Monday morning, The Donald s descent into madness continued as he lashed out at Hillary Clinton. Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate?  Trump tweeted.  Just asking! Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 3, 2017Clinton has not, in fact, apologized for receiving the  answers  (he means questions) for a debate, but she has a good reason   it didn t happen.Trump s claim comes from a fake news story in the Baltimore Gazette, a fake news source.The first presidential debate was held and Hillary Clinton was proclaimed the winner by the media. Indeed Clinton was able to turn in a strong debate performance, but did she do so fairly? Multiple reports and leaked information from inside the Clinton camp claim that the Clinton campaign was given the entire set of debate questions an entire week before the actual debate.Earlier last week an NBC intern was seen hand delivering a package to Clinton s campaign headquarters, according to multiple sources. The package was not given to secretarial staff, as would normally happen, but the intern was instead ushered into the personal office of Clinton campaign manager Robert Mook. Members of the Clinton press corps from several media organizations were in attendance at the time, and a reporter from Fox News recognized the intern, but said he was initially confused because the NBC intern was dressed like a Fed Ex employee.Even though the story is a lie, right-wing websites, Russian trolls, and everyone who hates Hillary Clinton jumped on the opportunity to accuse the former Secretary of State of cheating.He then pushed his insane allegation that President Obama put a  tapp  on his  wires  at Trump Tower..@FoxNews from multiple sources: ""There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented."" @FBI  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 3, 2017Naturally, the Internet was not kind to Mr. 45 after his latest outburst:@realDonaldTrump Did you ever apologize for birtherism? Just asking!  Mike Denison (@mikd33) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Oh Jesus, you're on a roll today! You're still trying to deflect from your wrongdoings by talking about Clinton   how sad.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Did you ever apologize for grabbing women by the pussy?  Deren Ney (@DerenNey) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Apparently, your performance was stronger from all of the sniffling and interrupting with ""wrong!"" when indisputable facts were presented.  Paul Campbell Haider (@Paulhaider74) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Have you apologized for your daily lying & your obvious colluding with the Russians ? Just asking?  DangerGirl (@DangerGirl6) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Did you ever apologize for making fun of disabled? For discriminating against tenants? For inciting violence at rallies?  Natasha Vo (@tashvo) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Did you ever apologize to that Vet who gave you his purple heart & you told him being given one was much easier than earning? Just asking!  Amy (@SeattleHypno) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Did you ever apologize to the people you fleeced with your fake University? Just asking!  Tommy Campbell (@MrTommyCampbell) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Did you ever apologize to the women you assaulted? Just asking!  Bonfire (@aggiebonfire) April 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Have you ever apologized for being a traitor?  Turd (@Turdtastic) April 3, 2017At this point, Trump s attempts to distract from his very real Russia scandal are pathetic   and we can only expect them to become more unhinged as he backs himself further into a corner.Featured image via Getty Images (Mark Wilson)/screengrab",0
1913, Trump Laughably Claims His Fake Obama Wiretap Claims Are ‘Turning Out To Be True’,"Remember when the world laughed at Donald Trump when he claimed that President Obama put a  tapp  on his  wires  at his gigantic golden tower in New York? Apparently he forgot, because he is still claiming it is true despite multiple intelligence agencies disputing the ridiculous allegation.In an interview with Financial Times, Trump was asked if he regrets any of his tweets   like this one:Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my ""wires tapped"" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017 Now my last tweet, you know the one that you are talking about perhaps, was the one about being in quotes wire tapped, meaning surveilled,  Trump said.  Guess what, it is turning out to be true. It is not turning out to be true in the least. Trump Tower was monitored for two years ending in 2013, but President Obama did not order it; the FBI did, and the probe led to gran jury indictments of 30 people involved in a Russian money laundering operation including one of the country s most notorious mob bosses.In addition, numerous Trump transition team members were caught up in  incidental collection  while intelligence agencies were looking into foreign criminals.Trump s desperate attempts to distract from the Russia investigation   especially since Michael Flynn offered to roll over in exchange for immunity   are at this point pathetic.Featured image via Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla)",0
1914, Obama Officials Were Forced To Take BIZARRE Measure To Ensure Trump Didn’t Hide Russia Documents,"Investigations into Russian tampering and collusion during the election were gaining steam even before Trump took office, and the Obama administration was worried enough about it that they took an extraordinary measure to ensure that documents specific to the probe made it into the right hands.One former Obama official said that they had to create a list of  document serial numbers to give to senior members of the Senate Intelligence Committee,  according to NBC News. The numbers aren t classified, nor is the existence of such a series, however, to ensure that the Senate Intel Committee actually received the numbers, this official actually hand-delivered them.The numbers were intended to make it more difficult for the incoming administration to bury anything.We have an attorney general who committed perjury. We have a former national security adviser who lied about his contacts with Russia. We have a man in the White House who staffed his campaign with people with ties to Russia. The RNC paid an intel firm that works closely with Russia to dig up dirt on Hillary Clinton. The chairman of the House Intel Committee made it clear that he feels more of an obligation to Trump than he does to conducting a fair, impartial and thorough investigation. The list goes on, and Trump, given some of his recent tweets, is running scared.Besides that, the chairman and vice-chairman of the Senate Intel Committee have their hands on an unprecedented number of documents from the intelligence community relating to the probe. Ordinarily, documents of this nature would not make it into a Congressional investigation like this, but they have. That s probably put the fear of all the gods there are and aren t into Trump s black and shriveled heart.Since he had proven that the word  ethics  meant zilch to him following the Nov. 8 election, it s really no wonder that the Obama administration would worry about documents ending up languishing with the CIA at Langley, or possibly destroyed altogether, without anybody ever discovering their existence.The numbers went to people on Capitol Hill who are authorized to view their corresponding documents.Photo of Obama by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images. Photo of Trump by Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1915, Maxine Waters: Let’s Talk About Impeaching Trump (VIDEO),"Rep. Maxine Waters says there s something she wants to talk about: impeachment.During a Sunday afternoon interview, CNN anchor Fredericka Whitfield asked Waters if Democrats were simply playing a game of tit for tat, going after Trump to get even for his role in the racist birther conspiracy surrounding former President Obama and the unprecedented obstructionism of Republicans.Waters said that even if you completely ignore  all of that,  what Trump has done since he was elected in November has been  outrageous  and  he has not provided legitimate leadership.  She said that she has no doubt that Trump was involved in the latest White House scandal with Devin Nunes, chairman of the House Intelligence Committee. He has done so many things to show he doesn t understand government,  Waters said.  He s not willing to learn. He doesn t learn from his mistakes. Instead of learning, he gets up the next morning and tweets something all over again. Then, the Democratic congresswoman said that what she wants to talk about is this: if we can prove Trump colluded with Russia, then we can kick his orange-hued derriere out of the White House. We want to know whether or not there was collusion,  Waters said.  We want to know about the hacking into the DNC and the interference with our elections. And I really want to know because I know that if we can prove collusion, then he is impeachable. A lot of people don t want to talk about that, but I do,  she added.Watch Waters talk impeachment here, via CNN:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1916, Here’s The Third Turncoat Democrat Who Needs To Be Primaried Over SCOTUS In 2018 (DETAILS),"Another day, another  Democrat  who is backing the nominee for the Supreme Court seat that the Senate Republicans stole from President Obama. We have previously reported on how traitorous  Democrats  like Joe Manchin (DINO-WV) and Heidi Heitcamp (DINO-ND) have turned tail and voted with Republicans on many issues   most notably falling in line with Republicans in order to confirm right-wing potential Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch. Now, we have a third to add to that list: Joe Donnelly of Indiana. Donnelly said of his decision to be a traitor to his party on this issue: After meeting with Judge Gorsuch, conducting a thorough review of his record, and closely following his hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee, I believe that he is a qualified jurist who will base his decisions on his understanding of the law and is well-respected among his peers. The only redeeming statement Donnelly has made is his expressing his opinion that the Senate should still have a 60-vote threshold when it comes to confirming Gorsuch or any other nominee for the Supreme Court. That is paramount, because it means that there is a true bipartisan Senate consensus for the Court s nominations and confirmations, which is a rule set by the founders to make sure that one party and its views do not dominate the judiciary.Of course, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell cares not one whit about that; he and his fellow GOP cronies have insisted that Gorsuch will be on the Court  one way or another.  This means he is willing to breach the 60-vote rule to make sure Gorsuch makes it to the Supreme Court. What the Republicans did to President Obama s nominee Merrick Garland is a travesty and a disgrace, and the Democrats should do the same for Gorsuch. For those who won t   PRIMARY THEM. We have no time for DINOS in these troubled times. Oppose Trump at every turn, or the good folks at We Will Replace You will have you heads, as they should.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1917, Trump Just Got BURNED In An Epic Poem Written By A 14-Year-Old Boy,"Donald Trump will explode when he reads this.Trump is a national embarrassment who never should have been allowed to run for the presidency to begin with. His antics during the campaign and after have divided the country and turned us into an laughingstock around the world.Throughout his campaign, Trump attacked Latinos, women, African-Americans, Muslims, and Jews. He constantly bullied and threatened people. And he even urged Russia to hack Hillary Clinton and the DNC.Since taking office, Trump has been disastrous for our country. His scandals are racking up as much as his frequent golf trips and it s clear that Trump is incapable of governing responsibly and ethically. Trump has also embarrassed himself repeatedly on Twitter and often opens his mouth when he should keep it shut.And that s why 14-year-old Owen Pallenberg wrote a poem all about Trump s campaign and his various antics at the time and in the present day. The Race  begins with the campaign, takes us to the depressing election, and concludes with the aftermath and what should be done to rid our country of Trump.Here s the full poem via Huffington Post.A man and a woman were running a race.The man dressed in red with a very orange face,And the woman dressed in blue with a pantsuit and a briefcase.The race was much longer than a dash, mile or marathon,And to many Americans it felt like it went on and on.This was a race of old and new ideas and one thought,And so the race started with the sound of a gunshot.The woman dressed in blue was off to a great start,She was gaining support and was eager to do her part.However the man in the red was racist and sexist I m sure you would agree,He even said he wanted to grab a woman by her As the competitors turned the corner you got a glimpse of the fans,And you could hear in the distance a chant about a man with small hands.He claimed his hands and feet were quite big,All while having a bright orange spray tan and a big yellow wig.About halfway through the race the man was falling behind,And the supporters of the woman were happy to have saved mankind.As the competitors were nearing the finish line,The people in blue were already celebrating and drinking their wine.The woman approached the finish with a big, wide grin,But then something happened that seemed to be the work of Vladimir Putin.The woman fell down and lost her lead,The win began to feel a lot less guaranteed.The man hurdled over her body and crossed the finish,And we all knew our Nation s reputation would certainly diminish.The man had somehow done it, he actually won,The supporters in blue sat in shock and ceased all of their fun.The man was apparently going to Make America Great Again with his campaign,And the woman was depressed and had to put away her celebratory champagne .The results of this race tore apart our land,As millions of Muslims were immediately banned.This man can do absolutely no good,Except run his mouth and claim he was just misunderstood.The man has stated  we need global warming  for all to hear,Which has made me quite certain that the end is near.He has called women ugly and fat,Which has left me wondering how he could have won the race and done all that.After insulting and making fun of men and women nationwide,I ve become mortified, horrified, and have lost my American pride.Everytime he talks or makes a speech,All I can say is impeach, impeach, impeach.Now we just have to wait until Donald Trump becomes the first president to attack a 14-year-old kid.That would be a new low.Featured Image: Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
1918, WATCH: Trump’s EPA Stooge Gets His A** Handed To Him By Fox Host On Climate Change,"Donald Trump is fuming after Fox New Sunday host Chris Wallace crushed his Environmental Protection Agency minion on the topic of climate change.As we all know, Trump is a climate change denier who thinks the whole thing is a scam created by the Chinese.So, of course, Trump chose a fellow climate change denier as his EPA Secretary.Scott Pruitt is an Oklahoma Republican who denies science, and during an interview on Fox, he found himself having to defend his anti-science views. Apparently, he hoped the interview would be a softball affair. But Chris Wallace repeatedly challenged him.Wallace began by slamming Pruitt s flawed logic that getting rid of President Obama s clean power plan will somehow improve air quality. You think that rewriting and, in fact, doing away with the clean power plan is going to improve air quality, which you say is a major goal?  Wallace asked.Pruitt responded by claiming that President Obama was a tyrant who ruled through executive orders instead of letting Congress make the law.It should be pointed out that Donald Trump has signed 23 executive orders and he hasn t even served 100 days yet. He is on pace to sign 118 executive orders in his first year alone. President Obama only signed 276 over the course of eight years and signed less executive orders than Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, and Ronald Reagan.Trump could very well end up signing more executive orders than any of them. So, Pruitt can t seriously claim that Trump is following the  rule of law.  If anyone is ruling by  executive fiat,  it s Trump.Wallace then pointed out that Trump s deregulation of environmental protections has ceded the moral high ground to China in the fight against pollution and climate change.Pruitt didn t really give a damn. He said America has nothing to apologize for. We have nothing to be apologetic about with respect to the leadership we ve show as a country,  he claimed.Oh, but we do. Fighting climate change to save out planet will take international cooperation on a unprecedented scale. By withdrawing American leadership, Trump is sentencing the globe to disastrous climate change as if he thinks the United States is not part of the world and is somehow immune to what happens around us.Wallace proceeded to take on Pruitt s belief that humans are not responsible for climate change. Mr. Pruitt, there are all kinds of studies that contradict you,  Wallace noted.  The UN panel on climate change says it s 95 percent likely that at least half of the temperature increase since the mid-20th century is due to human activities. Mr. Pruitt, are we supposed to believe that s all a coincidence? In response, Pruitt contradicted his own claim that he and Trump are working to improve air quality by insisting that the EPA should not be able to regulate greenhouse gases such as methane and carbon dioxide.Wallace called Pruitt out an dropped the hammer on him. Sir, you re sugar coating what you have said. You said that you would not agree that carbon CO2 is a primary contributor to global warming. And the question I have is, what if you re wrong? What if, in fact, the Earth is warming, what if it is causing dramatic climate change and that we as humans through carbon emissions are contributing to it? Don t you think the fact that we have these coal power plants belching carbon emissions into the air, you don t think that plays a role? Pruitt answered by claiming that America burns coal cleanly, which is not true at all. There is no such thing as  clean coal,  and making such a claim is asinine.Here s the video via YouTube.According to Popular Mechanics,Coal will never be clean. It is possible to make coal emissions cleaner. In fact, we ve come a long way since the  70s in finding ways to reduce sulfur dioxide and nitrogen-oxide emissions, and more progress can be made. But the nut of the clean-coal sales pitch is that we can also bottle up the CO2 produced when coal is burned, most likely by burying it deep in the earth. That may be possible in theory, but it s devilishly difficult in practice.President Obama s clean power plan would have reduced carbon emissions more than they ever have been before. It was a crucial step toward fighting climate change and reducing America s role in causing it.But Donald Trump and his minions have reversed that progress and they are making things even worse. They are gutting the Environmental Protection Agency and have pulled America out the fight against climate change. So instead of moving forward, Trump is taking America backwards and that decision will have devastating results that Trump will personally experience once his Mar-a-Lago resort is under water because of sea level rise.Maybe when his precious golf club and resort is under water he ll admit that climate change is real. But by then, it will be too late.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1919, Confused Old Man Shows Up At The Golf Course Instead Of His Job For 14th Time In 10 Weeks,"A tired 70-year-old man keeps forgetting to show up at his new job and instead, he has repeatedly gone golfing. The irony is that this same man routinely mocked the man who previously held his job for golfing. This man s job title: Commander-in-Chief. We suspect that former reality show star Donald Trump didn t realize that being the alleged leader of the free world would be a difficult job. Trump is up to his eyeballs in scandals and instead of addressing them, he s either tweeting or on the golf course, or both.Again, the Twitter-addicted amateur president is playing golf at a Trump-owned golf course, raising more concerns over his mounting conflicts of interest.The White House press pool reports that Trump is meeting with budget director Mick Mulvaney and Senator Rand Paul. Last time Trump went golfing, he claimed to be in meetings, however, that doesn t appear to be true.Trump returned to the same golf club in Virginia.Last year, during a campaign rally, Trump referred to his golf courses when criticizing former President Barack Obama.The Independent reports:The President has visited his own-branded properties approximately once every three days during the course of his presidency so far, according to The Washington Post. You know what   and I love golf   but if I were in the White House, I don t think I d ever see Turnberry again,  Trump declared.  I don t think I d ever see Doral again, I own Doral in Miami, I don t think I d ever see many of the places that I have. I don t ever think that I d see anything, I just wanna stay in the White House and work my ass off, make great deals, right? Who s gonna leave? I mean, who s gonna leave?  he said.At a 2016 rally in Virginia, Trump said,  I m going to be working for you, I m not going to have time to go play golf. Per WH: @POTUS golfing with @RandPaul and OMB Dir Mulvaney at Trump Natl in Virginia   with health care to be discussed  Margaret Talev (@margarettalev) April 2, 2017This is Trump s 14th golf outing in just 10 weeks. We get it, Donald. You re tired and what better place to take a break than the Sunshine state? After all, he s been on the job for two whole months.Photo by Ian MacNicol/Getty Images.",0
1920, Trump Embarrasses Himself With Yet Another Desperate Tweet About Russia (TWEETS),"On Sunday morning. Donald Trump once again revealed how desperate he is with regard to that teensy tiny little Russia thing with yet another unhinged tweet complaining about people leaking information about his team s collusion with Vladimir Putin.Recently, Michael Flynn s offer to testify in exchange for immunity   a condition he said last year was an indicator that one is guilty of something   sent The Donald into what can only be described as a complete panic. Trump, who agrees that immunity means  guilty,  also says that Flynn should get himself some immunity.It s clear that something is rotten in Trumpvillle, and our so-called President knows exactly what it is   all those damn people revealing his administration s secrets involving Vladimir Putin, his allies, lots of money, some hackers and fake news creators, and probably a couple of Russia pee pee hookers.Once again, Trump complained about all the leaks that don t happen on a Moscow hotel bed Barack Obama once slept in.  The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING!  Trump said.  Find the leakers. The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 2, 2017The real story is actually the fact that 17 intelligence agencies agree that Vladimir Putin directly interfered in our election through both state-funded hacking and propaganda efforts involving multitudes of actual paid trolls. The real story is that there is strong evidence that Trump campaign officials worked with a hostile foreign dictator to attack our nation  and that Mr. 45 may be involved.Naturally, Twitter had a lot to say about Trump s latest moronic outburst:@realDonaldTrump GOD YOU ARE SO DUMB  BenDavid Grabinski (@bdgrabinski) April 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump  are you telling us to look for your kompromat piss tape?  Alex Zalben (@azalben) April 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump Oh wait, by ""leakers"" you mean the Russian prostitutes that urinated on you?  Mike Denison (@mikd33) April 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump ""Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing.""   Donald Trump  Mark Pygas (@MarkPygas) April 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump Unless, of course, the Fake News was real news.  Shawn Garrett (@ShawnGarrett) April 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump Yeah and the real story during Watergate was the identity of Deep Throat.  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) April 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump u gotta know when to hold em   know when to fold em   know when to walk away   KNOW WHEN TO RUN   get ur sneakers   a new depends   and go  ROSIE (@Rosie) April 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump Experimenting with different styles in the new @ tweet era. Miss the clean snap of ""@realDonaldTrump"" and ""Fuck you"" in the same tweet body.  Griffin Newman (@GriffLightning) April 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump to any of his supporters reading this  doesn't he sound so guilty?  Adam Rose (@RealAdamRose) April 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump Nope, the real story is definitely the story https://t.co/aTn3hCPETq  Kemnay (@kemnay) April 2, 2017Interestingly, Trump s latest outbursts hinge on information shadily leaked to the lead Republican Russia investigator in the middle of the night on White House grounds by Trump officials   information Devin Nunes hid from his fellow congressional investigators and instead took immediately to the subject of those investigations, Donald John Trump.It s no surprise that Trump wants to find the leakers. Coverups are so hard if people keep running their mouths.At this point, it is clear that The Donald is f*cked. Only time can tell how hard or completely.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",0
1921, WATCH: Chuck Todd Puts The Screws To Mitch McConnell For Not Giving Merrick Garland A Chance,"Mitch McConnell is still making ridiculous excuses to justify what Senate Republicans did to Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland.When Antonin Scalia passed away in February 2016, his body was not even cold before Republicans declared that they would refuse to hold hearings to confirm any replacement chosen by President Obama.And so, when President Obama selected a centrist judge named Merrick Garland to be the next Supreme Court Justice, Republicans immediately refused to do their job as outlined by the Constitution.Republicans tried to excuse their behavior by claiming that Democrats would have done the same thing even though Democrats have never once refused to grant a nominee a confirmation hearing. Furthermore, Republicans claimed that no Supreme Court nominee has ever been approved by the Senate in an election year.McConnell made the same claim on Sunday after Chuck Todd grilled him in response to Republican insistence that Donald Trump s Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch be confirmed immediately. The tradition had been not to confirm vacancies in the middle of a presidential [election] year,  McConnell said.  You d have to go back 80 years to find the last time it happened. Everyone knew, including President Obama s former White House counsel, that if the shoe had been on the other foot, [Democrats] wouldn t have filled a Republican president s vacancy in the middle of a presidential election. Again, Democrats have never refused to hold a confirmation hearing for a Supreme Court nominee.Also, Mitch McConnell is ignorant of Senate history.As it turns out, there have been several election year confirmations of Supreme Court nominees and we don t have to go back 80 years to find one.In fact, the last one occurred only 29 years ago when the Senate confirmed Justice Anthony Kennedy in 1988 during Ronald Reagan s last year in office.It also happened in 1956 when Dwight Eisenhower nominated William Brennan. The Senate confirmed him despite it being an election year.In 1940, also an election year, Franklin Roosevelt nominated Frank Murphy to the Supreme Court and the Senate confirmed him.So contrary to what Mitch McConnell says, there is plenty of precedent in our history proving that the Senate has no such  tradition  of not confirming Supreme Court nominees during an election year.Todd challenged McConnell for not simply holding a confirmation hearing and giving Garland an up or down vote. Why not put him up for a vote?  Todd asked.  Any senator can have a rationale to not vote for a confirmation. Why not put Merrick Garland on the floor and if the rationale is,  You know what? Too close to an election,  then vote no? Look, we litigated that last year,  a flustered McConnell replied.  The American people decided that they wanted Donald Trump to make the nomination, not Hillary Clinton. Actually, the American people voted for Hillary Clinton. She won the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes.McConnell then claimed that there s  no rational reason  to not vote to confirm Gorsuch. But that s not true either. You see, by refusing to grant Garland a confirmation hearing, Republicans set a precedent and gave Democrats all the reasons they need to block Gorsuch at all costs.Plus, Gorsuch has a terrible record and he was nominated by Trump, which is all the more reason for Democrats to block him.If Senate Republicans had not acted like petulant children in response to Merrick Garland, perhaps Democrats would have been more open. But the way Republicans treated Garland was un-American and totally outrageous. They disgraced the Senate with their conduct and Democrats now have precedent to respond in kind.But McConnell balked when Todd challenged him to take up a resolution that says Supreme Court vacancies won t be filled during an election year. In short, McConnell knows that if a Republican had been president in 2016, Senate Republicans would have rushed any Supreme Court nomination through. Because in the end, Republicans are hypocrites.Here s the video via YouTube.There is no excuse for Democrats to not block Neil Gorsuch from becoming a Supreme Curt Justice. In fact, if Republicans somehow get him confirmed, Democrats should impeach him as soon as they take back control of the Senate. This Supreme Court seat rightfully belongs to Merrick Garland. He deserves a fair confirmation hearing before Republicans are ever able to nominate someone to the Supreme Court again. Until then, Republican nominees should be the same and worse than the way Republicans treated Merrick Garland.And Republicans only have themselves to blame.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
1922, Federal Judge Rules That Trump DID Incite Violence During 2016 Campaign (DETAILS),"Hearing about violence at Trump s rallies was a regular occurrence during his 2016 campaign and that violence was often brought on by Trump himself.At a rally back in March of 2016, Trump yelled,  Get  em out of here,  referencing the peaceful protesters in the crowd, which then prompted his supporters to physically attack them. The protesters who were attacked brought suit against Trump and it looks like he s finally going to have to pay for it   in more ways than one.Trump s lawyers have been using the free speech defense, but a Federal Judge isn t buying it. Citing case law from 1960 s student protests and race riots, Judge David Hale of Kentucky, rejected motions to dismiss the case and said that Trump did indeed cite violence at his rally. It is plausible that Trump s direction to  get  em out of here  advocated the use of force. Unlike the statements at issue in the cases cited by the Trump Defendants,  get  em out of here  is stated in the imperative; it was an order, an instruction, a command. Trump craves the sound of people cheering him on, and no doubt probably enjoyed seeing his supporters attack people who were brave enough to show up and stand against him, so it wasn t surprising when Trump denied wrongdoing of any sort and blamed it all on the  bad dudes  who were protesting. In fact, that phrase became a regular mantra for Trump. We have some protesters who are bad dudes,  he said. They have done bad things, and they are really dangerous and get in there and start hitting people, and we had a couple big, strong, powerful guys doing damage to people.   It s usually the police, the municipal government because I don t have guards all over these stadiums. I mean, we fill up stadiums. The suit against Trump also names the three individuals responsible for the attacks, one of whom, Matthew Heimbach, is a leader of the white supremacist group Traditional Youth Network from Paoli, Indiana, which will probably make it that much worse for Trump. Watching him try to squirm his way out of this one should be really fun!Featured image via Getty/Sarah Rice",0
1923, John McCain Was Asked If Trump Was Like Reagan; His Answer Was PERFECT (VIDEO),"For Republicans, being compared to Ronald Reagan is something akin to being compared to Jesus. Both figures are revered among Republicans for being nothing like they actually were. Of course, that doesn t stop many from comparing Donald Trump to Reagan, when pretty much the only things they had in common were being wealthy and having few skills other than being showmen. Okay, perhaps they do have quite a bit in common, but when John McCain was asked by David Axelrod if Trump was like Reagan, his answer was a firmly decisive  no. McCain said he found  appalling  Trump s assertion in an interview earlier this year that the US lacked the moral standing to question Russian President Vladimir Putin s human rights abuses.  We ve got a lot of killers. What do you think, our country s so innocent?  Trump said at the time. To state that there s some moral equivalency between an imperfect nation   that s the United States of America   and Vladimir Putin is appalling,  McCain responded. And I think it s pretty clear that there s a difference between, well, aren t we killers and the guy that stood there and said,  Mr. Gorbachev, take down this wall,'  he said.McCain even went so far as to say that in Russia s interfering in our election, they ve done something far worse than attack us with conventional weapons. It s one thing to destroy a building with a bomb or inflict damage, but if you destroy the fundamentals of a free and open society, which is what democracy is all about, you inflict incredibly heavier damage,  he said.Here s the video:Reagan, of course, became president during the Cold War, when Russia was the Soviet Union. It was communist instead of a capitalist oligarchy. Getting into bed with Russians then wouldn t have won him the white Middle America poorly educated vote. Times, though, have changed. Russia is no longer filled with commies and well, we had eight years of a black guy and the very real prospect that the next president would have been a woman. To Trump voters, that s much scarier than anything a former KGB agent who s known to kill his political enemies can do.The fact that McCain is saying this is significant, though. The investigation may be stalled in the House but it s now in the Senate and there is no Devin Nunes. Even Republicans seem in shock by the actions of the Russians. McCain isn t the only one. As for Reagan, well, he had a little thing called Iran-Contra which helped him win his election. So, I guess he and Trump have even more than being rich hacks in common. They were both propelled into office by a hostile foreign country.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images.",0
1924, Pete Souza’s Instagram Is A GOLDMINE For Those Of Us Missing President Obama (IMAGES/VIDEOS),"Former White House photographer Pete Souza has spent the last eight years of his life photographing President Obama and his family inside the White House. Now that we re in the Trump era, one peek at Souza s Instagram account shows just how much he loathes Donald Trump. Usually, Souza trolls Trump with photos of his much more classy and capable predecessor. The photos are a rare look inside the life of President Obama s historic presidency, and they are definitely a soothing balm on our raw nerves during the chaos that is the Donald Trump presidency. Without further ado, here are just a few photos and videos of some of President Obama s most memorable moments.There was that time he spontaneously broke into song at a rally in front of a mesmerized crowd:And of course there was the time he joked with a woman whose boyfriend embarrassed her in the voting booth, and it went viral and made her day:This is Souza trolling Trump s disastrous first meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel:First time meeting Angela Merkel in 2009A post shared by Pete Souza (@petesouza) on Mar 17, 2017 at 12:54pm PDTAnd of course who can forget his running through the White House with First Dog Bo?Man s best friend. This was actually the first day that the family met Bo.A post shared by Pete Souza (@petesouza) on Feb 13, 2017 at 5:52am PSTAnd of course, he s just awesome with kids:Nice suit!A post shared by Pete Souza (@petesouza) on Feb 3, 2017 at 10:42am PSTVisiting a pre-kindergarten classroom in 2013.A post shared by Pete Souza (@petesouza) on Feb 7, 2017 at 1:52pm PSTAnd last, but certainly not least, there s the amazing love he shares with the best First Lady we ve ever had, Michelle Obama:See previous post.A post shared by Pete Souza (@petesouza) on Feb 14, 2017 at 5:56am PSTHug someone you love today.A post shared by Pete Souza (@petesouza) on Feb 14, 2017 at 3:32am PSTThere s so much goodness in this account, it was difficult to pic just a few. Thank you, Pete Souza, for sharing these moments in time from the Obama years. For those of us who love this man and miss him so much, it is truly a treasured digital space.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
1925, DNC Chair Not Holding Back On GOP: ‘They Don’t Give A Sh*t About People’ (VIDEO),"Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez didn t mince words when he called out the GOP for their appalling health care plan. Their plan would have resulted in tens of millions of Americans being without insurance coverage by the end of the next decade. Perez made his point loud and clear when he explained that the reason Republicans are okay with this plan is because they just  don t give a sh*t about people. Perez made the comments at an event for the New Jersey Working Families Alliance, which was broadcast live on Facebook. While speaking to the crowd, he discussed Republicans  failed attempt to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act last month.The DNC chair said that Trump  wants his name on everything,  but for some reason, he didn t want his name associated with the GOP s  Make America Sick Again  plan in any way, shape, or form. Well I ll tell you my idea, because you know what embodies their program?  I don t care,  Perez said of the GOP s health care plan, prompting a round of applause from the crowd. Because they don t give a s  about people. Perez served as former President Barack Obama s Labor secretary and was elected as chairman of the DNC in February. His first act in this new role was to nominate Rep. Keith Ellison, who had run against him for the position, as his deputy.You can watch Perez slam the GOP and their wealth care plan in the video below, via the New Jersey Working Families Alliance: Featured image via Pete Marovich/Getty Images",0
1926, The Internet SAVAGES Trump After He Promotes Fox News Propaganda Again (TWEETS),"On Friday, Fox News reported that the intelligence official   one of twenty people who could possibly do so according to NSA Director Mike Rogers   who  unmasked  Trump associates with connections to Russia was  very high up. While it was never a secret that only high-ranking officials could make such a decision if they determined it was in the best interest of the country, this is apparently VERY BIG NEWS according to Donald Trump and his favorite propaganda outlet. Wow, @FoxNews just reporting big news. Source:  Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible,  Trump tweeted during his traditional Saturday morning rant.  Some unmasked not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated.  If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S. Wow, @FoxNews just reporting big news. Source: ""Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 1, 2017..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated."" If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 1, 2017Note that Trump said  some  of the people named were not associated with Russia. This, of course, serves as a tacit admission that members of his team were indeed involved with Putin.Naturally, Twitter was very excited about Trump s huge news:@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Why are you telling Flynn to ask for immunity? Wouldn't that only be necessary if you KNEW he had something to hide?  William LeGate (@williamlegate) April 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews The ""failing New York Times"" is gonna nail your ass to the wall.And everyone knows it.#TrumpRussia#TheResistance pic.twitter.com/AC6DorlZQK  #TheResistance (@AynRandPaulRyan) April 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Clearly a fake source pic.twitter.com/yEf51s4PuX  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) April 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump Our so-called president is still getting all his intelligence information from Fox News. https://t.co/Yg4G5o6xS0  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) April 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Are you concerned with the leaker or the information being leaked? You seem overly worried about something you say is 'BIGLY FAKE'. pic.twitter.com/pWRpF96tPR  Rod Blackhurst (@rodblackhurst) April 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews pic.twitter.com/cRguRoccLk  Sean Carroll (@SCarrollTech) April 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump You're the saddest thing to happen to the U.S.  Austin Braun (@AustinOnSocial) April 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump It does get bigger.Collusion with Russia is bigger.Incidental data collection is nothing.  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) April 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump Are you aware that you're the President of the United States, and control all the intelligence agencies?  Dom Knight (@domknight) April 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump If it is true, I'm sure it's because you are a threat to the nation and the previous administration was aware of that. Thanks Obama!  Bobby Tanglewood (@BobbyTanglewood) April 1, 2017Trump s recent Twitter tantrums seem to be connected to recent news that former foreign policy advisor Michael Flynn offered to testify before Congress in exchange for immunity   a sign of guilt according to both Trump and Flynn.What secrets does Trump have? Based on his actions, even speculation has not scratched the surface.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",0
1927, REPORT: Trump Is Costing America BILLIONS In Tourism Revenues Because People Are Afraid To Travel Here,"Donald Trump won t tell you this on his Twitter feed.The last time the tourism industry in this country saw such a drop was in the decade after 9/11.And now, Trump is the reason why people don t want to come to America.Under President Obama, the tourism industry enjoyed a resurgence as the number of international visitors rose to 78 million in 2015, a 27 million increase from 2006.But that s imploding now as Trump s policies continue to scare the hell out of people around the globe.Trump s travel ban, his proposed border wall, his attacks on our allies, and his anti-immigrant nationalist policies have struck fear into international travelers who wish to come to the United States to tour the land of the free.According to Alternet,Frommer s, a prominent travel guide, notes that  the prestigious Travel Weekly magazine (as close to an  official  travel publication as they come) has set the decline in foreign tourism at 6.8 percent  for this year. ForwardKeys, which crunches travel numbers, points to a 6.5 percent downturn in international travel to the U.S. in the week after Trump attempted to issue the Muslim travel ban in January. During the same period, the company found reservations for U.S.-bound flights from Western Europe fell 14 percent and plunged 38 percent from across the Middle East. And a survey released this month by the Global Business Travel Association concluded  45 percent of European business travel professionals say they are less likely to schedule meetings or events in the U.S.,  according to the Los Angeles Times.Even white foreigners from Canada and Europe are choosing to stay away from the United States because of Donald Trump.And the impact will do a lot of damage to our economy, including a loss of jobs and a decrease in our gross domestic product.The loss of all those visitors could mean future problems for a sector on which more than 15 million people rely for employment. Oxford Economics suggests the toll may ultimately ripple beyond the travel industry, even reducing the U.S. gross domestic product by a few percentage points, per Market Watch.This will particularly affect cities and states on the coasts where popular destinations such as Los Angeles, Miami, and New York City are located. As stated above, the ripple effects could reach beyond the travel industry as the lack of tourism dollars will hurt the hotel industry, restaurants, airlines, retail stores, and any other industry that profits from tourism.So this is a big deal that will hurt our country as long as Trump remains in office.America s thriving $250 billion tourism industry is about to take a serious $7.4 billion hit because of Trump s policies. It s a huge setback on our economy and it s only going to get worse as Trump continues to attack Mexico and China.So just remember that while Trump continues to tout plans by automakers and other companies that were made way before he took office, the tourism bubble is about pop on his watch and his policies are directly to blame.Featured Image: Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
1928, Trump Makes An Absolute FOOL Of Himself On April Fool’s Day; Americans Outraged,"His accusation that President Obama wiretapped him has been thoroughly debunked but Donald Trump attacked NBC anchor Chuck Todd for not covering the fake story.Last month, Trump posted a series of tweets openly accusing President Obama of wiretapping him.Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my  wires tapped  in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Is it legal for a sitting President to be  wire tapping  a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Trump s accusation set off a firestorm around the country because Trump literally accused a former president of a felony.As it turns out, Trump s accusation was totally wrong. FBI Director James Comey dropped a bombshell on Trump s claim by stating under oath that there was no such wiretap. Furthermore, when given a deadline to provide evidence to Congress supporting Trump s claim, the Justice Department didn t deliver because there is no such evidence.Trump s claim was merely meant to distract Congress and the media from focusing on the growing Russia scandal.NBC anchor Chuck Todd was not distracted by Trump, and that s why Trump attacked Todd on Saturday and repeated his accusation against President Obama in yet another embarrassing rant on Twitter.When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 1, 2017It is the same Fake News Media that said there is  no path to victory for Trump  that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 1, 2017Again, Trump is falsely accusing President Obama of wiretapping him even though the claim has been debunked by high level authorities. Also, Comey told Congress that the FBI is investigating Trump for colluding with Russia during the 2016 Election.And the evidence against Trump continues to pile up. Even disgraced former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn is asking for an immunity deal. His testimony could blow the lid off the Russia scandal and put Trump behind bars for high treason.Thus far, Todd has not responded to Trump s attack, but Twitter did it for him.@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews I love how the president calls people names. You should reassess your life and learn to be an adult & do your job.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) April 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews If this is your idea of an April Fool joke, you re the fool. There is NO  surveillance scandal  (ask the FBI) and #TrumpRussia is very real  Jack Schofield (@jackschofield) April 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews So the dead Russians who have connections to you and Putin is all just a coincidence right?  Brandon Neely (@BrandonTXNeely) April 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews The only scandal around Obama surveillance is the fact that you invented it, and @DevinNunes traded his credibility to falsely support it.  Tom Bonier (@tbonier) April 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews Your behavior is that of a guilty man.  Rob Taub (@robmtaub) April 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews pic.twitter.com/YPCuRCoxxa  JoeMyGod (@JoeMyGod) April 1, 2017Featured Image: Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1929, George Takei Just Shook Washington To Its Core; The Reason Will Make Team Trump FURIOUS (DETAILS),"By now, we all know that House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes has turned tail and gone off on what his fellow GOPer in the Senate, Lindsey Graham (R-SC) calls an  Inspector Clouseau investigation.  In other words, Nunes is a bumbling idiot and a stooge for the Trump White House when it comes to investigating ties between officials from Donald Trump s presidential campaign and Russia during the 2016 presidential election.Well, it now seems that Nunes (R-CA) might have a bit of a problem come 2018. Star Trek star and wildly popular  LGBTQ rights activist George Takei is running for Congress   against Nunes. The endeavor was largely secret, until Takei and his husband were found out as they started scoping out property to buy in Nunes s red district. Takei says of the move: Well, I guess the jig is up.  With what is going on now in the country, I couldn t stand by any longer merely as a citizen. I knew I had to take a bigger stand. So that s why I m running for Congress. My hope is to challenge Davin Nunes for his seat in 2018. I think Nunes is vulnerable. And I plan to prove that. People are tired of his ass-kissing of Trump. Can I say that? I think I can. These days you can say pretty much anything and not get in trouble. I want to be a champion for all people, but especially those whose voices are not heard often in the halls of Congress. We need to build a majority again in Congress, too, to be a check against the Trump Administration s excesses, assuming he s even around by then to keep making horrific mistakes. Featured image via Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images",0
1930, Elijah Cummings Just Asked 5 Questions The White House Is Scared To Death Of Answering,"Rep. Elijah E. Cummings is demanding answers after presidential staff members reportedly passed confidential information to House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes and helped him sneak onto White House grounds.Cummings, who is the Ranking Member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, sent a letter to White House Counsel Donald McGahn and National Security Advisor Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster on Friday in which he asked some questions the White House really doesn t want to answer.The letter made it clear that Cummings wants to know just exactly who knew what when. Over the past two days, press accounts have reported that staff who work directly for you contacted Rep. Devin Nunes, the Chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, secured his entry into the White House complex on March 21, 2017, and provided him with access to classified information, which he then conveyed to the President the following day.  I am writing to request information about whether you both were aware of these actions I do not know if these press accounts are accurate, but if they are, they raise serious questions in light of previous denials by the White House and the fact that these White House officials report to you,  Cummings wrote. The Democratic congressman cited multiple conflicting reports that have come from the administration. After naming the staffers and the allegations against each of them, Cummings asked five questions that have the White House scared to death:(1)  Were either of you personally aware of the activities of your own staff in contacting Chairman Nunes, facilitating his entry onto the White House grounds, or providing him with access to classified information?(2)  If so, when did you become aware?  Did you inform Mr. Spicer of their activities, and if so, when did you do so?(3)  If you were not aware, then how did this breach of the chain of command occur?(4)  If these activities occurred without your knowledge, will any disciplinary measures be taken against these staff for this apparent breach?(5)  Was anyone else at the White House involved in these activities, and if so, who?Cummings  questions should have the Trump administration shaking in their boots. No doubt we will hear far more lies from the White House before we ever get close to the truth. Cummings gave McGahn and McMaster until April 7 to respond with their next version of the truth.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1931, Trump Has Brain Fart In Middle Of Executive Order Signing Leaving Pence To Frantically Cover (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is unwell.The beleaguered president seemed vaguely irritated and distracted in what was meant to be a routine executive order signing. After remarks by Mike Pence, Trump said just a few words before hastily leaving the room. The one thing he forgot to do was the whole reason he was there in the first place: sign the executive order.Realizing Trump s mistake, Pence scrambles to stop Trump and get him to sign the document. Instead, Trump orders him to get the folder from his desk and bring it to him to sign outside of the room. Pence, realizing he s about to go viral as a bit player in Trump s latest on-camera screw up, awkwardly saunters over to the desk, grabs the folder and rushes out of the room.Trump walked out of an executive order signing ceremony without having signed the executive orders pic.twitter.com/v0SjanotTe  POLITICO (@politico) March 31, 2017Trump appeared reluctant to come back into the room and it s pretty obvious why. As he mistakenly left, a reporter began asking him questions about his baffling remarks about Michael Flynn on Twitter this morning.Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media & Dems, of historic proportion!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 31, 2017It s understandable that he didn t want to explain the tweet, it could lead to Trump s eventual downfall. As the New York Times points out, should the DOJ give Michael Flynn immunity, it would mean they likely have bigger fish to fry.Immunity should be granted as soon as Congress and prosecutors are persuaded that Mr. Flynn has information that will lead to a criminal case against one or more people at least as important to the alleged wrongdoing as Mr. Flynn may be. The overriding objective must be learning who if anyone in the United States collaborated with the Russians as well as who knew about it, what they knew and when they knew it.Who might that big fish be? Well there was only one person working directly above Michael Flynn: Donald Trump.Featured image via Twitter",0
1932, Looks Like Mike Pence Is Gonna Go Down With The #TrumpRussia Ship (VIDEO),"If there is anyone who is a thorn in the side of the Donald Trump administration, it s MSNBC host Rachel Maddow. She is relentless in her thorough and well thought out journalism, exposing Trump for the fraud that he is.In yet another report, while many think if Trump is impeached or forced to resign Mike Pence will take over the role of president, Maddow is letting America and the world know he may go down with the ship.Maddow reports: Mike Pence had been the head of the Trump transition. As such, he would have been intimately involved with the selection and vetting process for a job as important as national security adviser. Nevertheless, Vice President Mike Pence has professed absolute ignorance of any of the scandals of any of the foreign payments, contacts and all the rest of it surrounding Mike Flynn. Pence was the leader of the transition. As leader of the transition, he was notified in writing by members of Congress about Flynn s apparent financial ties to the government of Turkey. The transition was also apparently notified twice by Flynn s own lawyers about his financial relationship with the government of Turkey, but nevertheless, Vice President Mike Pence says he has no idea about any of that. Further: Vice President Mike Pence claims he had absolutely no idea about that despite him being notified about on the record multiple times and it being a matter of considerable public discussion. Mike Pence s role in the Mike Flynn scandal is flashing like a red beacon for anyone who sees him as the normal Republican in this setting. Maddow is absolutely correct. There is no way, with all this information coming out, that Pence was left completely in the dark with no knowledge of what has been going on. If Trump is going down, Pence will undoubtedly go down with him   as he should.Watch Maddow here:Featured Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images   HT Politicus",0
1933, Study Shows Conservative Voters Are Literally Twice As Shallow As Liberal Voters (DETAILS),"A study was just released that said that conservative politicians are better looking than their liberal counterparts, and the reason for it shows that liberals are better at picking leaders.The study, published in the Journal of Public Economics, and performed by researchers at the University of Helsinki, examined politicians and academics from Europe and the United States. The fact that left-leaning scholars are perceived as better-looking is no cause for alarm,  Prof (Jan-Erik) L nnqvist said.  What is worrying, however, is the high degree of importance attached to looks in political elections. He added:  The results of my study are in concordance with other studies that show that the effect of attractive looks is twice as large for politicians on the right compared to their counterparts on the left. While it did not find that conservative academics were better looking, conservative politicians won the overall beauty contest and believe it or not, that s likely how we got Donald Trump.Hear me out. No, while Trump is expert at leering at and sexually harassing beauty contestants, there s no sash in his future. So, what does Trump s election have to do with conservatives being more attractive people? Conservative voters, it seems, are shallow people. They are less capable of getting past the superficial and understanding nuanced campaign issues. Now are you getting the connection to Trump?Or, as Dr. L nnqvist suggested: One possible reason for the greater influence of looks on right-wing constituents could be that they are less informed. Previous research has also shown that conservative voters have a more concrete, perhaps less sophisticated way of thinking. That is probably why the nation is in much better hands with Democratic presidents. It also might show why Democrats have a harder time winning. Our views are much more complex, as is our taste in candidates. Republicans campaign on bumper sticker slogans and Democrats campaign on issues. It s much easier to rally people around bumper sticker slogans than around complicated ideas.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images.",0
1934, Reliable Rumors Abound That Trump Is Ready To Resign,"It s becoming increasingly apparent that Donald Trump is a man who hates his job.WASHINGTON, DC   MARCH 31: U.S. President Donald Trump looks on during a meeting with the National Association of Manufacturers in the Roosevelt Room of the White House March 31, 2017 in Washington, DC. President Trump signed two executive orders today that aim to boost U.S. manufacturing by addressing foreign trade. (Photo by Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images)WASHINGTON, DC   MARCH 29: U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an event celebrating Women s History Month, in the East Room at the White House March 29, 2017 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images)Why would he? He s getting it from all sides. There s the terrible health care bill that went down in flames, and it was the right who brought the gasoline. Then there s this Russian scandal, which isn t going away any time soon. Now, the rumors are that Trump is thinking of quitting, and the rumors aren t being started by just anyone. They are being started by Claude Taylor, a part of three presidential campaigns and a member of the Clinton White House.An ind journalist I have worked with-who has been reliable-says they have 2 sources that say Trump is considering options-incl resignation.  Claude Taylor (@TrueFactsStated) March 31, 2017A member of the White House press corps tweeted this:Former chairman of RNC Steele told WWR at lunch that Trump will not finish his term; advises clients to bolster ties w/VP Pence  West Wing Reports (@WestWingReport) March 31, 2017Yes, these are rumors, and are no way to be treated as fact, at least not yet, but it does highlight that Trump is facing a pivotal moment in his life. One of the most graceful ways for him to exit the scandals surrounding him might be to resign, but it s possible that that s been the plan all along. There s no way in hell Mike Pence has the charisma necessary to win the White House, especially in our very shallow times, but the Christian Right loves him, and what better way is there for them to get the president they want?Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
1935, The Senate Intelligence Committee Has Bad News For Flynn After He Requested Immunity,"Disgraced former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn has asked for immunity in exchange for testifying in the FBI s continuing investigation into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia and he has an answer from the Senate Intelligence Committee. Two Congressional sources told NBC News that the committee declined Flynn s lawyer s request.According to a senior congressional official with direct knowledge of the case, Flynn s lawyer was told it was  wildly preliminary  and that immunity was  not on the table  at the moment. Another source weighed in to say that the committee communicated that it is  not receptive  to Flynn s request  at this time. The senior congressional official added that Flynn s lawyer had conveyed the offer of testimony in exchange for immunity from prosecution to the Justice Department.Alleged president Donald Trump tweeted this morning:Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media & Dems, of historic proportion!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 31, 2017The thought is that either the authorities have nothing on Flynn or they have bigger fish to fry and there s only one person above the former National Security Adviser in this scenario: Donald J. Trump. Or, the evidence already collected on Flynn is damning and they don t need to make a deal   the latter of which is possible.Flynn was fired after lying about speaking with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak about Obama-era sanctions. From there, things got worse for Flynn. He also met with Kislyak for about 20 minutes at Trump Tower in December. Just one week later, Flynn registered with the Justice Department as a foreign agent for $530,000 worth of lobbying work he did before the 2016 election that  could be construed to have principally benefited the Republic of Turkey. In a statement Thursday, Flynn s lawyer Robert Kelner said no  reasonable person  would get questioned in  such a highly politicized, witch hunt environment without assurance against unfair prosecution. However, in 2016, Flynn was seen at a Trump rally leading  Lock her up!  chants then saying that if he did  one tenth  what Hillary Clinton did, he would be in jail. In addition, on Meet the Press last year, Flynn said,  When you are given immunity, that means that you ve probably committed a crime. Ouchies! Life sure comes at you fast AF, huh?Photo by Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images.",0
1936, Republican’s Excuse For Cutting Food Stamps: The Bible Says Unemployed ‘Shall Not Eat’,"Republican lawmakers love using the Bible to dictate their policies. They especially love using it to justify pushing spending cuts to social programs   even if it means intentionally misreading their favorite passages.In Texas, Rep. Jodey Arrington decided his support for cutting parts of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program needed a bit of New Testament spin. How does one defend taking the food out of mouths of hungry people using the Bible? By cherrypicking this quote: If a man will not work, he shall not eat. During a debate on whether or not Republicans will further gut SNAP benefits, Arrington cited the biblical verse in response to a Jewish anti-hunger group pleading with Congress not to do something so foolish as to further dismantle food stamps. He probably thought he was being pretty clever.Arrington isn t the first to use the line. It s extremely popular with conservatives. So popular, in fact, that the Daily Kos once devoted an entire article to debunking the misinterpretation of the quote.What s important to understand is working was secondary in this context, this is not so much a moral decree about work, the main message is a warning not to take advantage of the Christian obligation to feed the hungry, especially if you are screwing up the church and community tasked with doing that by behaving like a twelve year-old socialite.In other words, the real meaning is to judge a man by his heart, not by his employment status. And as the Washington Post points out, in today s economy, being  unemployed  doesn t mean lazy, unmotivated, or being a leech. As the economy continues to separate between the  haves  and the  have-nots,  finding employment can be hard.The verse in question applies specifically to people who can work or otherwise contribute to society but choose not to, said theologians from several denominations who spoke to The Post. There is a perception, among some voters and lawmakers, that many adult SNAP recipients are exactly this sort of  freeloader. But policy experts say that is not the case. Many unemployed adults on SNAP simply cannot work, they say. Those include the mentally ill, the borderline disabled and veterans.Here s economist Justin Wolfers putting the sad reality of America s employment into a stunning graph:It takes a certain kind of mind to look at these trends and conclude that tax cuts for the top 1% are an urgent national priority. pic.twitter.com/6s9Jwr0a8w  Justin Wolfers (@JustinWolfers) March 31, 2017Arrington has both biblical and economic reasons to doubt his own reasoning. Instead, his real ideology   the Church of Conservative Magical Thinking   led him to ignore it all in favor of more cuts to the poor to benefit the very richest in the country.And as if voters needed yet another reminder of why elections matter: Arrington has only been on the job two months. He was voted into office this year. He barely moved into his office and already he s going after the most disadvantaged people in his district. Hats off to his efficiency, but then, institutionalized cruelty often is.Featured image via the Washington Post",0
1937," Ex-Intel Official Weighs In On Flynn Immunity With Some Really, REALLY Bad News For Trump (VIDEO)","Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn gave Donald Trump something to worry about last night, when he announced that he would testify on the Trump campaign s possible ties to Russia in exchange for immunity. As more experts weigh in on this, it s not looking good for Trump at all. According to a former top intelligence official, the only way Flynn will get the immunity he s seeking is if he gives up Trump.Jeremy Bash, former counsel to the House Intelligence Committee and the ex-chief of staff for both the CIA and Department of Defense, weighed in on Flynn in an interview for MSNBC: For the Justice Department to agree to give somebody like him immunity, it means they want him to turn and testify against someone higher up in the food chain. Who is higher up in the food chain, higher than the national security adviser? There s really only one person, and so this shows that the jeopardy of criminal liability actually extends all the way to the top. As of right now, Flynn s offer to testify for immunity has not been accepted by investigators, which makes Bash wonder, Immunity from what? What is he in jeopardy of being prosecuted for?  Bash advised that Flynn could be prosecuted under the Espionage Act for getting classified briefings for the Trump campaign. Bash said: That is a major felony, and that is essentially treason. It would not surprise me at all if what the prosecutors said to Flynn s lawyers is,  We haven t reached any conclusions on the Russian matter, but we have your guy dead to rights for not registering under the laws requiring registration as a foreign agent and second of conspiring to engage in kidnapping   you better come in and make a deal.' Bash made sure to reiterate that investigators will not accept Flynn s offer unless he gave up information about crimes Trump had committed. Bash said: You can only give somebody immunity, full immunity, if it s worth it. They have to believe it s worth it in this case. You can watch this interview, which is terrible news for Trump, below:Featured image via Scott Olson / Getty Images",0
1938, Trump Gets Smacked Down After His Immensely Stupid Flynn Immunity Tweet (TWEETS),"Last year, in an effort to demonize Hillary Clinton staffers, Trump ally Michael Flynn famously said that immunity means  you ve probably committed a crime    a quote that is now coming back to bite him in his ass now that he is begging for immunity from prosecution in exchange for testifying against Donald Trump.What Flynn did or the extent of his crimes is still a mystery as is what Flynn knows   but you don t ask for immunity unless you re ready to give up something big (like the President of the United States). Trump, still running scared, tweeted his support of Flynn in this  witch hunt. Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media & Dems, of historic proportion!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 31, 2017Now, Trump may call the Russia investigation a witch hunt   especially now that his people are beginning to roll over on him   but the consensus of 17 intelligence agencies is that Vladimir Putin personally spearheaded a massive fake news, propaganda, and hacking operation with the goal of helping Trump win. Flynn, a retroactively-registered foreign agent, was fired for his specious contacts with Russian oligarchs.Trump s house is burning down, and the internet is rejoicing:@realDonaldTrump You and Flynn said that anyone involved with Hillary asking for immunity meant they were guilty.  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) March 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump You don't ask for immunity unless you're guilty, and the FBI won't grant it unless there's a bigger fish to fry.You're the fish.  Nick Jack Pappas (@Pappiness) March 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump Hm, total witch hunt right? pic.twitter.com/lid2ODDgcM  Matt Peterson (@mattbpete) March 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump ? pic.twitter.com/uytiQHukuS  Marika Shaub (@marikatogo) March 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump For DOJ ""to give somebody like [Flynn] immunity, it means they want him to turn & testify against someone higher up  pic.twitter.com/xPgfEi9si7  Marika Shaub (@marikatogo) March 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump Also, remember what you said about immunity? We'll just take this as an admission of guilt ? pic.twitter.com/vgWRlGIyC8  William LeGate (@williamlegate) March 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump It isn't even April, and people are ready to tell the FBI about #TrumpRussia. You know exactly what they know, which means Winter is Coming.  Dave Hogg ? (@Stareagle) March 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump Flynn was a foreign agent who lied about contact with Russians during the election WHO YOU HIRED as National Security Advisor. You own this.  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) March 31, 2017 For the Justice Department to agree to give somebody like him immunity, it means they want him to turn and testify against someone higher up in the food chain,  former chief of staff for both the CIA and Department of Defense and former counsel to the House Intelligence Committee, Jeremy Bash, told MSNBC after news broke that Flynn had been flipped:  Who is higher up in the food chain, higher than the national security adviser? There s really only one person, and so this shows that the jeopardy of criminal liability actually extends all the way to the top. Flynn and Trump have both said that immunity is an indicator of guilt. By their own admission, Flynn is guilty   and there aren t exactly many people Flynn could give up aside from Trump. Bigger fish, and all.featured image via Getty Images/screengrab",0
1939, Trump Scandal EXPLODES As Flynn’s Own Words On Immunity Come Back To Bite Him In The Ass (VIDEO),"Much like the incompetent POTUS they are working under, many members of the Trump administration have said things in the past that have come back to haunt them. And now, a new discovery about General Michael Flynn, who resigned from his position as National Security Adviser, is likely going to result in the crumbling of the Trump administration.Last night, it was reported that Flynn was asking for immunity in exchange for testimony on Russia   and a few comments he made last September came to light, which certainly will not be helping his case (or Trump s).Apparently, last year on Meet The Press, Flynn made some remarks about Clinton campaign chair John Podesta regarding immunity, which now make him seem incredibly guilty. Flynn said: Yeah, so a couple things, the very last thing that John Podesta just said is no individual too big to jail, that should include people like Hillary Clinton. I mean, five people around her have had, have been given immunity, to include her former Chief of Staff. When you are given immunity, that means that you ve probably committed a crime. So you know, I don t know how he can sit there and say something like that with all the, the things that have been going around, just swirling around Hillary Clinton with her email. Yes, he said,  When you are given immunity, that means that you ve probably committed a crime. Flynn has practically closed the case on himself with that statement. You can watch Flynn s past self basically ruin his future below:Flynn s counsel, Robert Kelner, has released a statement saying that Flynn  has a story to tell  and tried to make a case for why Flynn would seek immunity. Kelner wrote: He is now the target of unsubstantiated public demands by Members of Congress and other political critics that he be criminally investigated. No reasonable person, who has the benefit of advice from counsel, would submit to questioning in such a highly politicized, witch hunt environment without assurances against unfair prosecution. Statement from Flynn s atty seems to acknowledge seeking immunity, explaining it s necessary in  highly politicized, witch hunt environment  pic.twitter.com/IH7ZVLwLnw  Kenneth P. Vogel (@kenvogel) March 30, 2017Considering the position Flynn is in right now, his previous statements certainly seem shady and carry some weight.Featured image is a screenshot",0
1940, Intel Committee Member: ‘Innocent People Don’t Ask For Immunity’ (VIDEO),"Michael Flynn drove another nail into the coffin of Donald Trump s presidency on Thursday when he agreed to testify about Russia in exchange for immunity. This prompted one member of the House Intelligence Committee to state the obvious:  Innocent people don t ask for immunity. Speaking to MSNBC s Chris Hayes, Rep. Eric Swalwell (D-CA) said what we have all been thinking since the announcement was made that Flynn was willing to testify in exchange for immunity. If you didn t do anything wrong, then you don t need immunity. The only reason to seek immunity is to protect yourself from prosecution from the illegal crap you ve done. Innocent people don t ask for immunity, but that s not something that I m familiar with in our investigation. If he has something to say and he s not worried about what he did, he should just come forward and testify in a public setting,  Swalwell added.Hayes argued that there might be some scenarios where an innocent person would ask for immunity. The MSNBC host said that asking for immunity doesn t automatically mean you are guilty of something. What if they are worried about perjury? Or concerned that maybe their words could somehow be used against them in some other way? Hey, it s possible, right?Swalwell wasn t having it. He said that prosecutors don t run around seeking perjury charges because somebody had a lapse of memory. But this isn t the case when it comes to Flynn, he explained.  What we have here is a pattern of deceit with Michael Flynn. It s not forgetfulness,  the congressman replied.You can watch the entire interview below, via MSNBC:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1941, Noam Chomsky Warns Of ‘Staged Terrorist Attack’ If Enough People Turn On Trump,"Noam Chomsky has warned us of how dangerous Donald Trump is since the beginning of his campaign. His prediction that Trump would endanger the entire planet by ignoring climate change was confirmed this week when he signed an executive order rolling back President Obama s environmental protections. Now, Chomsky has another warning and it is downright terrifying.Speaking to Alternet, Chomsky said that it is just a matter of time before all of Trump s supporters realize what fraud they actually voted for. I think that sooner or later the white working-class constituency will recognize, and in fact, much of the rural population will come to recognize, that the promises are built on sand. There is nothing there,  the noted scholar said.Chomsky then explained that if Trump s approval ratings falls low enough, we could end up seeing a  staged terrorist attack. I think that we shouldn t put aside the possibility that there would be some kind of staged or alleged terrorist act, which can change the country instantly. A few days later, in an interview with Truthout, Chomsky expanded on what he meant. He explained that Trump could reach a point of sheer desperation to boost his public approval ratings. A terrorist attack would be one way he could try to do that.Chomsky again said that Trump s supporters are waking up and realizing that he lied to them about absolutely everything. Sooner or later, his supporters will turn their backs on him. If that happens, we can expect that the Trump-Bannon crowd will seek to divert attention in one of the many familiar ways   perhaps conjuring up some threat to American security (or if there is one, exploiting it). Or, perhaps, scapegoating the most vulnerable: immigrants, Muslims, welfare recipients (one of Reagan s disgusting techniques), and other available targets,  Chomsky explained.  That could turn very ugly. It could lead to the  friendly fascism  that sociologist Bertram Gross predicted 30 years ago. Or worse. If Chomsky s prediction is correct and Trump ever did try to stage or exploit an attack, it certainly wouldn t be the first time in history this scenario had played out. A perfect example of this is the Vietnam War.In 1964, the USS Maddox was allegedly attacked in the Gulf of Tonkin by the North Vietnamese. This is the incident responsible for officially kicking off the Vietnam War. However, documents released in 2005 and 2006 show that this supposed attack never even happened.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
1942, Joe Biden Dishes The Real Dirt On GOP Senators Who Refused To Confirm Merrick Garland,"About eight years ago, right about the time a *gasp* black man won the presidency, Republicans chose to stop governing and become known only as the party of destruction obstruction.During the eight years Republicans were holding their collective breaths until they turned orange, they managed to block a lot of pretty common sense legislation, like infrastructure investment and protecting military personnel from losing their children while fighting GOP wars. The most egregious example of GOP obstructionism, though, was toward President Obama s third Supreme Court Pick, Merrick Garland.Joe Biden, in a speech at the newly minted University of Pennsylvania Center for Diplomacy and Global Engagement, said he spoke to a lot of the Senators and several confessed to him that not giving Garland the up or down vote was a mistake, but they went along with it for the worst possible reason. I call 17 Republicans and say,  You know better,  Biden said Thursday.  Nine of them said to me,  You re right Joe, but I can t do anything about it because if I do the Koch brothers or somebody is going to drop $5 million into my race and I ll lose my primary. Source: PoliticoBiden s solution I something that most of us can agree upon, get money out of politics: You want to change American politics tomorrow? Pass public financing of elections,  Biden said.Republicans actually blamed Biden for their refusal to confirm Garland. They blamed the  Biden rule,  which supposedly said that they shouldn t confirm a lifetime appointment in an election year. Republicans are wrong. Biden did say that election years are contentious times to make a lifetime appointment, but he also said that confirming after the election is just fine. Some will criticize such a decision and say it was nothing more than an attempt to save a seat on the court in the hopes that a Democrat will be permitted to fill it. But that would not be our intention, Mr. President, if that were the course we were to choose in the Senate   to not consider holding hearings until after the election. Instead, it would be our pragmatic conclusion that once the political season is under way, and it is, action on a Supreme Court nomination must be put off until after the election campaign is over. Source: PolitifactSo, if Republicans really wanted to play by Biden s  rule,  Garland should have gotten a vote in November.Featured image via Monica Shipper/Getty Images.",0
1943, BOMBSHELL: Senate Intel Committee Hearing Reveals FRIGHTENING Extent Of Russia’s Meddling,"While the House Intelligence Committee s investigation into Russia s interference in our political process is a mess, the Senate Intelligence Committee is busily working together to conduct their own investigation in as impartial a manner as possible. And today s open hearing revealed a kicker: Russia s meddling with the U.S. government did not stop with the 2016 election.It s actually still going on.Clinton Watts, a senior fellow at the Center for Cyber and Homeland Security, said: This past week we observed social media campaigns targeting speaker of the House Paul Ryan hoping to foment further unrest amongst US democratic institutions. He went on to tell the Senate Intel panel this: They were in full swing during both the Republican and Democratic primary season   and may have helped sink the hopes of candidates more hostile to Russian interests long before the field narrowed. Sen. Rubio, in my opinion, you anecdotally suffered from these efforts. CNN acknowledges that today s hearing may well not be anything like as explosive as James Comey s statement to the House that the FBI is, in fact, investigating Trump for possible collusion with Russia during the election. However, this hearing is focused on Russia s disinformation campaign, which vice-chairman Mark Warner said was a deliberate attempt to undermine our elections.Yesterday, both Warner and Richard Burr, the committee s chairman, said that the committee had an unprecedented number of documents from Congress   Gang of Eight,  which usually severely restricts access to just such information. The Senate Intel Committee is busy trying to learn as much as it can before it calls in high-profile witnesses such as Paul Manafort, Carter Page, and even Jared Kushner and Michael Flynn.They have a list of 20 witnesses they plan to call in so far, but they haven t set dates as to when those witnesses will come in. With Watts  testimony today, though, things could get very interesting very quickly over in the Senate.Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images",0
1944," BREAKING: Michael Flynn Agrees To Testify On Russia In Exchange For Immunity, Trump Is F*cked (DETAILS)","You know how people have been wondering if Michael Flynn has been turned? Well, the Wall Street Journal confirms that Trump s former national security advisor has agreed to testify before Congress in exchange for just one little thing full immunity from prosecution.Just after news broke that an associate of Mr. Flynn s was one of Trump stooge Devin Nunes  sources for the specious secretly-gathered information with which the alleged Trump investigation leader found himself after a middle-of-the-night rendezvous on White House grounds, news broke that Flynn is ready to talk:Mike Flynn, President Donald Trump s former national security adviser, has told the Federal Bureau of Investigation and congressional officials investigating the Trump campaign s potential ties to Russia that he is willing to be interviewed in exchange for a grant of immunity from prosecution, according to officials with knowledge of the matter.As an adviser to Mr. Trump s presidential campaign, and later one of Mr. Trump s top aides in the White House, Mr. Flynn was privy to some of the most sensitive foreign-policy deliberations of the new administration and was directly involved in discussions about the possible lifting of sanctions on Russia imposed by the Obama administration.It seems like Mr. Flynn has been naughty with the Russians, but whatever information he has is something he considers to be of much higher value. While we of course do not yet know what secrets Flynn is currently keeping about the Trump administration s collusion with Russia, it seems safe to assume that this is news The Donald does not want to get out.Naturally, the internet is loving this new development:Michael Flynn should probably stay away from ledges, balconies, pie shops, the back seats of cars, swimming pools, bridges, taco trucks  Wil Wheaton (@wilw) March 30, 2017Flynn just asked for a deal. This is getting very interesting! pic.twitter.com/I2xlIwyFxO  (((DanielM.Potter))) (@PotterOnPoltics) March 30, 2017@costareports So, if I've got this right, Michael Flynn is going to be the David Wildstein of Russiagate.  Kathleen Martin (@ruralfabulous) March 30, 2017 @Lawrence Looks like trumps administration just died, Flynn cut a deal. Nana Nana Nana Nana hey hey hey goodbye ..  Coral Anderson (@CoralAnderson20) March 30, 2017@realDonaldTrump Flynn flipped! You and your family are going to prison.  Lockup: Mar-a-Lago (@OutHouseAtty) March 30, 2017This is a dark day for the Trump administration  but a good one for the rest of us who want to be rid of the bloated tangerine Manchurian couch potato currently living in the White House.Featured image via Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla)",0
1945," Turncoat Democrats Break Ranks, Back Trump On Stolen SCOTUS Seat (DETAILS)","When one votes for someone with a (D) next to their name, we expect certain things. Namely, in these troubling political times, that they will oppose the bigoted and disturbingly authoritarian Trump agenda at every turn. The problem is, though, that there are Democrats sitting in Congress right now who are acting more like Republicans than Democrats. The most infamous of such figures is one Senator Joe Manchin (DINO-WV). We ve already reported on how Manchin is a complete turncoat who should simply turn in his (D) for an (R) and stop fooling his voters into thinking he s some kind of liberal, because he isn t. Manchin is anti-gay, anti-choice, pro-gun, and pro-coal. Therefore, he is certainly no Democrat in the modern sense of the word, and it should come as no surprise that he is one of two DINOS in the Senate who has announced that he will vote for the Supreme Court nominee to fill the seat that the obstructionist Republicans stole from President Obama. The other turncoat on this issue is Heidi Heitkamp (D- ND).The Hill reports that Heitcamp says of Trump s Supreme Court pick Neil Gorsuch: After doing my due diligence by meeting with Judge Gorsuch and reviewing his record and testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee, I ve decided to vote in favor of his confirmation. Heitcamp went on to say that Gorsuch is balanced, meticulous, and [a] well respected jurist who understands the rule of law. She obviously coordinated with Manchin to make this traitorous announcement, as it came just minutes after Manchin said of his own voting in favor of Gorsuch via Twitter: I will vote to confirm Judge Neil Gorsuch to be the ninth justice on the Supreme Court.:Luckily, there is already an organization that is actively working to deal with DINOs like Manchin and Heitkamp. Called We Will Replace You, the group is making sure to primary  Democrats  who refuse to oppose the Trump agenda and his disastrous nominees. While any Democrat is better than a Republican, these people need to stick to their guns and do what is right, not what they are being pressured to do by the Trump White House, the red state voters, and the Republicans in Congress. If they refuse to do their jobs on behalf of the Democrats who put them in Congress, they should be primaried   and if the good people at We Will Replace you have their way, all of these  Democrats  who are voting across the aisle will be primaried in 2018.Remember folks   there are plenty of people hiding behind a (D) who are in no way Democrats. Look at the candidate, not the party label, and #RESIST.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
1946, Devin Nunes’ Credibility Is Officially SHATTERED – New York Times Reveals The Scope Of His Lies,"When Devin Nunes went running to Trump with information that Trump s transition team was caught up in surveillance, he probably didn t think he d get caught in his lies. He probably didn t think that anybody would look into his claim that, while yes, he visited the White House, he absolutely did not get his info from White House staffers. The New York Times did, and now Nunes  entire world is cracking around him.Two of his sources were, in fact, White House staffers with not-insignificant positions. One was Ezra Cohen-Watnick, the senior director of intelligence for the National Security Council who was brought on board by the one and only disgraced Michael Flynn.The other was Michael Ellis, a national security lawyer working in the White House Counsel s office. Ellis once served as a staffer for the House Intelligence Committee.So it s not like Nunes got his info from two low-level, no-name staffers who may or may not know anything real. He got it from high-level security officials within the White House, and now his credibility is shot to hell.The sources who spoke to The New York Times did so on the condition of anonymity, but they did say that the reports that Ellis and Cohen-Watnick were looking at pretty much matched what Nunes said they were. Nunes has insisted from the beginning of the House s Russia investigation that the real problem is who s leaking information, and why he could identify some of the people in the intelligence reports, and not the possibility of high treason.But now that we know he lied about where his sources came from, we have to wonder where his loyalties lie and whether he himself is guilty of treason.While the House Intelligence Committee remains stalled due to Nunes feeling more obligated to Trump than he does to conducting a thorough and impartial investigation, the Senate Intelligence Committee is plugging smoothly on with theirs. At the bare minimum, Nunes needs to recuse himself from this investigation. He really ought to resign his post entirely, though.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
1947, Pennsylvania Republican Makes Dumbest Claim Yet About Cause Of Climate Change,"Oh. My. God. The stupid, it burns.Anybody who actually paid attention in science class in school are going to have a collective WTF moment when they learn what one Pennsylvania Republican said about the cause of climate change.As we all know by now, Donald Trump signed an executive order reversing every action President Obama took to fight and reverse climate change, a move that has horrified scientists around the globe.But just as cringe-worthy is what Scott Wagner told a group of county officials on Tuesday. Wagner is a GOP state senator who wants to be Pennsylvania s next governor. Unlike Donald Trump, he acknowledges that climate change is real. However, his view on what causes climate change is far different than what any actual scientist has concluded.According to Wagner, climate change is happening because of two different reasons. First, he claimed that it s happening because of body heat. Seriously. We have more people. You know, humans have warm bodies. So is heat coming off? Things are changing, but I think we are, as a society, doing the best we can. Humans have warm bodies but it s not our body heat that is causing climate change. It s all the pollution we harmful gases we expel into the atmosphere like methane and carbon dioxide. Also, reversing climate action is not  doing the best we can.  Ending the fight against climate change threatens our country, especially our coastlines, which will likely end up under water unless we do something fast to prevent sea level rise caused by climate change.But then Wagner suggested another cause for climate change and this one makes it clear that Republicans need to pick up a f*cking science book. I haven t been in a science class in a long time, but the earth moves closer to the sun every year   you know, the rotation of the earth,  Wagner said.  We re moving closer to the sun. Again, this is a guy who wants to occupy the top government office in Pennsylvania.And Wagner is absolutely wrong.As Huffington Post reports,Contrary to what Wagner said, the earth rotates on its axis every 24 hours, not every year. And it may come as a surprise to him that the United States and the rest of the Northern Hemisphere experience winter when the earth s yearly orbit brings it closest to the sun.Furthermore, Wagner made it sound like the Earth s orbit around the sun is decaying. But it definitely is not decaying. If anything, the sun would become a red giant and swallow the Earth. And that probably won t happen for millions of years long after climate change kills us all because Republicans like Donald Trump and Scott Wagner deny climate change and its cause.After his embarrassing remarks went viral, Wagner released a statement somewhat acknowledging that humans have contributed to climate change. I believe that the climate is changing every day, and some of that change is certainly manmade. I think that we have a responsibility to future generations to be good stewards, and I support efforts to do that. However, the real question isn t is the climate changing but what role should the government play in trying to alter it. I believe we have to prioritize action in a measured way so that we do not hurt our economy. The problem is that climate change will do more to hurt our economy than the measures employed to stop it ever will. One would think saving the planet would be the number one priority. But as usual, Republicans are thinking more about the wallets of billionaires.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
1948, Trump Threatens To ‘Change Libel Laws’ To Sue People Who Criticize Him In Twitter Meltdown,"Here s another hole in the leaky ship that is the argument Trump shouldn t be taken  literally  when he makes threats. Trump has circled back to his campaign promise to make changes to libel laws that would allow him to go after journalists and news organizations which publish things he doesn t like. He held out for less than three months.Trump s rediscovered love of censorship comes on the heels of several straight days of Trump freaking out about the New York Times reporting on his various scandals. And it s probably no coincidence that Trump is reconsidering press freedom right as his approval rating hits historic lows (the worst since Nixon was impeached and a record low for any president at this stage in office).In a culmination of Trump s rant against the New York Times, he called for a change in libel laws and used an article written by the New York Post   a right-leaning daily owned by Rupert Murdoch   to pretend his troubles are due to the  liberal media  and not his own incompetence.The failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws? https://t.co/QIqLgvYLLi  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 30, 2017The article shows how thoroughly unserious it is just three sentences in when it repeats the lie that the New York Times  apologized  to readers for being so biased against Trump. The paper did no such thing. The only other person who routinely suggests that it did is none other than Trump himself. The relationship between the New York Post and Donald Trump is an orange-painted echo chamber.Trump s belief that he can pass libel laws to restrict what the press says about him is terrifying, but not original. He made similar remarks during the campaign. Here s Trump channeling a dictator in February 2016: One of the things I m going to do if I win, and I hope we do and we re certainly leading. I m going to open up our libel laws so when they write purposely negative and horrible and false articles, we can sue them and win lots of money. We re going to open up those libel laws. So when The New York Times writes a hit piece which is a total disgrace or when The Washington Post, which is there for other reasons, writes a hit piece, we can sue them and win money instead of having no chance of winning because they re totally protected. As the old adage goes, he told us who he was, we should have believed him.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1949, ‘He Feels Great’: Spicer Says Trump Not Concerned Taxpayers Pay For Mar-a-Lago Trips,"Amateur president Donald Trump isn t concerned in the least about the rising costs associated with his regular trips to his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said during a press briefing on Wednesday.A reporter asked if Trump has  any concerns about the pushback  from Florida residents and taxpayers about the costs of his trips there. No, he feels great,  Spicer replied.Spicer tried to defend Trump by saying that his boss stayed in Washington, D.C., last weekend and said that the alleged president plans to remain in town this weekend as well, according to MSN.Trump has spent at least five weekends at Mar-a-Lago since his inauguration only nine weeks ago. The former reality show star repeatedly criticized former President Barack Obama for going on golf outings and/or taking vacations. However, if Trump continues taking weekend vacations at his current pace, he is set to outspend President Obama s entire eight years of vacation costs in just under one year. Spicer, however, explained recently that it s alright for Trump to go on golf trips but not Obama because the current occupant of the White House conducts meetings while he s golfing.Business owners near Mar-a-Lago are going broke because of Trump s frequent visits. The cost of Trump s visits to the area is costing the state a ton of money. That means, like the wall, the taxpayers are footing the bill.Travel and security costs associated with the trips to his resort is through the roof. On top of that, this is a burden for the Secret Service.In 2015, Trump said that if elected, he would,  rarely leave the White House because there s so much work to be done. I would not be a president who took vacations. I would not be a president that takes time off. Yeah, we re going to go with he was lying Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images.",0
1950, CNN Host STUNNED As Trump Voters Expose Just How Stupid They Are In Interview (VIDEO),"Much like Donald Trump himself, it s hard to tell what kinds of insane things might happen during an interview with the people who support the incompetent POTUS. CNN s Alisyn Camerota learned this the hard way on Thursday morning when she interviewed a few Trump voters about how they thought he was doing after his several weeks in office. The experience may have left a permanent scar.Despite having the failures, investigations and exposed lies, this focus group of Trump voters gave Trump an  A  grade   all but 1 voter in the group of 6 had the balls to give Trump a  B  because he refused to give out the highest grade. That voter, Billy Baer, said: It was like people were laughing in his face   literally laughing in his face   about the prospect of him being elected. He got elected, and we don t know, as far as the votes and fraud and everything else. My assumption is that he probably would have been elected by a higher number than what the results actually showed. While giving a clearly failing and highly unpopular POTUS an A or B is puzzling in itself, the real shocking moment came when Camerota challenged the Trump supporters on Trump s claim that millions of people had voted illegally in the election. This is where Baer insisted he saw busloads of people from out of state coming into New Hampshire to vote. Camerota questioned this obviously bullsh*t claim and asked: When you say you ve seen it, do you mean dozens or do you mean 3 million? There s a difference. Baer then admitted he hadn t seen 3 million illegal voters, even though this has been the number Trump s been touting despite having no evidence. Baer replied: Extrapolating, based on the number I ve seen with my own eyes, busloads of people coming in   whether they re illegal, meaning they came into the country illegally, or they re illegal voters   they came over from Massachusetts into New Hampshire. When Camerota asked Baer just how he d seen  busloads and busloads , another Trump supporter chimed in to deliver the final blow of insanity. Josh Youssef jumped in and said,  Who cares, though? , solidifying that the truth and facts do not matter at all to anyone who supports Trump. Camerota was visibly stunned and said: I care. Just to be clear, you saw it with your own eyes, busloads and busloads of people coming from somewhere other than New Hampshire to vote. You saw that? Youssef tried to defend Trump and said: I ve seen cars coming in from out of state that are full, with out-of-state plates   I live right across the street from the polling place in my ward. And not surprisingly, Baer s claims also didn t hold up. He eventually said: Yeah, I guess that I can t cite the busloads that I ve seen and where I ve seen them, but on television I ve seen it. Well, we know that Trump also gets all of his  facts  from television   the mostly false Fox News to be exact   so this makes perfect sense. You can watch this disastrous interview below:Trump voters give the president a grade after his first months in the White House https://t.co/KuQFSDlrCV  New Day (@NewDay) March 30, 2017Featured image is a screenshot",0
1951, The CREEPY Way Pence’s Religion Demands He Treat Women Will Make You SICK (DETAILS),"Mike Pence is a devout Evangelical Christian. There s nothing wrong with that; after all, that s what the First Amendment is for. However, it seems that Trump s vice president takes his piety to a whole new, incredibly creepy level. First, there is the way he treats his wife.Reports of a dinner Pence had with state senators while he was still Governor of Indiana are most alarming. Apparently, during the dinner, it was revealed that Pence actually calls his wife  mother.  It seems that at first, people thought it was a cute joke or something, but then came to realize that he was completely serious. Pence reportedly yelled down the table at his wife repeatedly during the meal. From Rolling Stone:Gov. Pence shouted to his wife, Karen, his closest adviser, at the other end of the table. Mother, Mother, who prepared our meal this evening? The legislators looked at one another, speaking with their eyes: He just called his wife  Mother. Maybe it was a joke, the legislator reasoned. But a few minutes later, Pence shouted again. Mother, Mother, whose china are we eating on? Mother Pence went on a long discourse about where the china was from. A little later, the legislators stumbled out, wondering what was weirder: Pence s inability to make conversation, or calling his wife  Mother  in the second decade of the 21st century.As if that weren t bad enough, it seems that there are even creepier rules with regards to how Pence treats women other than his wife. In fact, according to New York Magazine, Pence is not allowed to dine alone with any woman who is not his wife, Karen Pence. Supposedly, Karen Pence is her husband s  gut check  and  prayer warrior,  and is therefore rarely away from her husband. Unsurprisingly, though, we never hear her speak. Perhaps she is not allowed to. Hell, Pence won t even go to any sort of gathering where there is booze on the menu unless Karen is right there.So, if Pence is not allowed to be in a room with any woman who is not his wife, then how on earth does he do government business if the adviser happens to be a woman? Does his wife get to be in the Situation Room? Does she get top level clearances? Are they allowed to use  religious liberty  as the reason for such accommodations? Time will only tell. What we do know is that Mike Pence and his wife get creepier by the day, and that is very bad for America.The only consolation is that it sure as hell explains a lot   but the more we learn about these creepy people, the scarier America s situation becomes.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1952, Rep. Ted Lieu Has A Response To Sean Spicer’s Daily Lies; It’s GLORIOUS (TWEET),"Rep. Ted Lieu (D-CA) is one of the loudest and most steadfast members of #THERESISTANCE in Congress. He has called Donald Trump an  evil man  over the GOP s cruel approach to healthcare, and has even suggested that president #45 could use some mental health treatment. Now, Rep. Lieu has posted a video to Twitter in which he doesn t speak at all, but doesn t need to.Lieu s latest target is White House Lying Mouthpiece Press Secretary Sean Spicer. Of course, Spicer is in the limelight right now because of his treatment of veteran reporter April Ryan during Tuesday s press briefing. He was condescending, he lied to her face, and basically treated her like she was beneath him. Rep. Lieu s answer? To print out a sign and tape it to his office name plate that identifies the space as an  #Alternativefacts Free Zone.  In the two second video that he posted to Twitter, he simply shakes his head with regards to how he feels about anything Spicer has to say:This is my response to pretty much everything White House @PressSec @SeanSpicer says during his press briefings. cc: @AprilDRyan pic.twitter.com/OlnCbpvVs8  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) March 29, 2017This is the only appropriate response to anything coming from Sean Spicer, or any of the other lying excuses for White House officials at this point. They repeatedly lie and spread propaganda to the American public   all to keep from being fired by Lord Orange Marmalade.Keep resisting from Congress, Rep. Lieu, and we ll keep resisting from the streets.Featured image by Kris Connor via Getty Images for  Food Chains ",0
1953, Black Caucus Just Broke It Down For Paul Ryan: Time To Get Rid Of Nunes As Intel Committee Chair,"The Congressional Black Caucus just broke it down for House Speaker Paul Ryan, explaining to him in no uncertain terms that Rep. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) obviously can t be trusted and needs to be removed as chairman of the Intelligence Committee. This action is necessary in order to meet the public s expectation that Congress conducts an impartial investigation into a matter that threatens the core of our democracy,  the CBC wrote in a statement issued Wednesday. Congressman Nunes  recent actions have caused him to lose the confidence of members of his committee, and, more importantly, the American people, and he can no longer be trusted with the information that the committee receives. Some lawmakers are calling for Nunes to recuse himself from the Russia investigation. Others, like the CBC, are calling on Ryan to remove him as intel chair altogether. The caucus is also demanding that a special  bipartisan commission  be formed to handle the probe into Russia s election meddling and Trump s possible collusion. Congress must create an independent, bipartisan commission to expose the full truth about any and all Trump-Russia connections and collusion,  the statement reads.  The American people want and deserve to know if their government has been compromised by the Kremlin. The Black Caucus is not alone. Democrats have been calling on Nunes to recuse himself from the investigation into Russia s interference in the presidential election. He landed himself in hot water last week when he decided it would be a great idea to announce that intelligence on Donald Trump had been gathered accidentally while monitoring other people of interest, such as the Russian ambassador, without bothering to mention it to the committee first.All hell broke loose when Nunes then decided he should brief Trump on the matter. To make matters worse, it later came out that he secretly visited the White House the night before the announcement was made, leading some to question where his information came from in the first place.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1954, This Man Has The PERFECT Response To House GOP’s Attempt To Destroy Internet Privacy,"Congress has been working on rolling back an Obama-era rule that protected us from having our internet histories bought, sold, and broadcast; and people are understandably upset considering the GOP s ongoing pretense that privacy is everything. The rule hadn t gone into effect, but it would have given us more control over what our ISPs can do with our information than we currently have.The GOP doesn t want that rule to go into effect, and Max Temkin, one of the founders of the party game  Cards Against Humanity,  has made a vow that Congress would be wise to heed, since Temkin has an awful lot of money:If this shit passes I will buy the browser history of every congressman and congressional aide and publish it. cc @SpeakerRyan https://t.co/cOL3mx6JuG  Max Temkin (@MaxTemkin) March 27, 2017It s a strong,  in your face, how do you like it?  move. The point that Temkin is trying to make here is that, if Congressional Republicans are willing to allow companies to buy and sell our information, compromising our privacy, then they should know exactly what that feels like. The ISPs and the GOP both feel that this restriction was unfair, given that it wouldn t have applied to major websites like Google and Facebook.So, of course, we should get rid of this rule instead of leveling the playing field and preventing Google and Facebook (and other sites) from likewise collecting and selling our data. Industry groups framed their argument like so: It set out an overbroad definition of sensitive data that doesn t apply to non-ISP s collecting as much or more personal data online. And as we all know, privacy shouldn t be about who collects information, it should be about what information is collected and how it is used. The truth is that Republicans have been getting a lot of money from the telecom industry, and they only care about privacy when it doesn t adversely affect their handlers. Maybe if they re the first to have their data sold and exposed, they ll think twice about their selective brand of privacy advocacy.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1955, Donald Trump ‘SHOCKED’ A Group Of Women Have Heard Of One Of The Most Famous Women In History (VIDEO),"For some reason, Donald Trump decided to speak to a group of women at a women s empowerment event on Wednesday, on one of the final days of Women s History Month. It didn t go well.First he bragged about the number of women in his cabinet. There are six women. Out of 24. That s 25 percent. Less than half of what would be representative of the nation as a whole. It s also the whitest and most male cabinet since Ronald Reagan.It got worse. Trump went on to name women, famous women, although there s no indication that Trump knew why many of them were famous. The first part wasn t soooooo bad: Since the very beginning, women have driven, and I mean, each generation of Americans, towards a more free and more prosperous future,  Trump said.  These patriots are women like the legendary Abigail Adams, right? Who, during the founding, urged her husband to remember the rights of women. She was very much a pioneer in that way. We ve been blessed with courageous heroes like Harriet Tubman who escaped slavery. And went on to deliver hundreds of others to freedom, first in the underground railroad and then as a spy for the union army. She was very, very courageous, believe me. Source: Raw StoryIt very quickly became clear he was out of his intellectual element when he completed that thought with:Around we ve had leaders like Susan B. Anthony. Have you heard of Susan B. Anthony? I m shocked that you ve heard of her   who dreamed of a much more fair and equal future and an America where women themselves as she said helped to make laws and elect the lawmakers, and that s what s happening more and more. Of course, it s not shocking at all that a group of women have in fact heard of the suffragette and all around social justice warrior. There was even a coin with her face on it, but to be fair, it s doubtful Trump carries cash. Other people pay all of his bills.Trump, though, had clearly never heard of Anthony, at least before someone briefed him right before the event.Here s the video:Perhaps Trump s handlers (whoever they are) need to remind the orange dictator that he should never, ever speak to people who aren t white and male.Featured image via video screen capture",0
1956, Married GOP Lawmaker And Trump Campaign Member BUSTED In Hotel With Teenage Boy,"As if Donald Trump needs help delegitimizing his party, a senior member of his campaign in Oklahoma, state Senator Ralph Shortey, was forced to resign after being caught in a hotel room with a 17-year-old male prostitute.In true Trump style, Shortey tried to spin the encounter as him just helping the kid earn some money for his Spring Break by letting the kid earn his way with  sexual stuff. In online messages, he told him:  I m gonna f**k you like a good little boy if you keep calling me daddy. He also referred to having sex with the teen s  boy p*ssy, baby boy .Source: Pink NewsAccording to court documents, Shortey was reported by a friend of the boy, who saw him getting into an SUV. The friend followed them to the hotel room, where he saw the boy enter with a strange man. The friend called the teen s father, who called the police.While the age of consent in Oklahoma is only 16, having sex with a prostitute under 18 is something else altogether. Shortey has been charged with engaging in child prostitution, engaging in prostitution within 1,000 feet of a church and transporting a minor for prostitution. All the charges are felonies. He s out on $100,000 bail.Here s the video:Shortey s statement following resignation fell short of admitting to his crimes, instead calling them  a distraction. Earlier today, I submitted my resignation, effective immediately, to the President Pro Tempore of the Oklahoma Senate, as well as to Governor Fallin. I thank the constituents of Senate District 44 for the opportunity they provided to serve. Because I take that responsibility seriously, I recognize that the charges against me are a distraction to their interests and the remaining legislative session, which should serve all Oklahomans. My resignation is evidence of my respect for public service and the duties of our elected officials. I ask for the privacy of my family   my wife and four daughters   as I defend myself of these charges.Source: KFOR ",0
1957, Trump’s Approval Rating Makes SHOCKING Change With His Own Supporters (IMAGE),"Donald Trump likes to whine about any poll that doesn t show him in a favorable light, calling the data  biased  or  dishonest    but here s one poll that he cannot ignore.A new Politico/Morning Consult poll covering numbers as recent as March 24-25 shows that Trump s approval ratings are plummeting   even among his own supporters. Trump has been shown to be failing in more balance polls, which is no surprise   but to see his support dwindling so quickly among Republicans is quite shocking. According to the data, Trump s ratings are now as follows: Overall, 38 percent of voters strongly disapprove of Trump, compared to only 23 percent who strongly approve. To make matters even worse for Trump, this national tracking poll had a tendency to lean pro-Trump, which made the findings far higher than a more balanced poll like Gallup s most recent data, which shows Trump s approval rating at a pathetic 38%.It appears as though Trump s disastrous failure with the American Health Care Act (Trumpcare) had an extremely negative impact on his approval rating, which fell 6% points among his own supporters. The Politico/Morning Consult poll reported: The decline in Trump s approval rating was sharper among Republicans and independents than among Democrats. In the latest survey, 81 percent of Republicans and 39 percent of independents approve of the job Trump is doing. A week prior, 85 percent of GOP voters and 44 percent approved. And among those who self-identified as Trump voters last year, the president s approval rating shrunk from 90 percent last week to 84 percent this week. However, it s not just Trump s health care debacle that is impacting his numbers so much   his Russia scandal is also working against him: Twenty-nine percent of voters call Russia an  enemy  of the U.S., and 30 percent say it is an unfriendly nation. Only 7 percent call Russia an  ally,  and another 22 percent say it s friendly but not an ally. Five weeks ago, voters were divided evenly on whether Russia was friendly toward the United States. Trump was an extremely unpopular president to begin with, and he has failed to redeem or prove himself to the American people. In fact, he hasn t even tried   and his supporters are catching on. They ve practically disappeared and seem ashamed to defend him after his corruption, humiliating behavior, and broken campaign promises have come to light. With numbers this pathetic, Trump and his policies don t stand a chance.Featured image via Gage Skidmore / Flickr",0
1958, Trump Official Accidentally Leaks Plan To Steal Land From Mexico For Border Wall,"Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto may not be too happy once he hears of Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke s plan to make that border wall thing happen. You see, the terrain on our southern border isn t exactly the most uniform thing in the universe and at times there may be complications   like the Rio Grande River.E&E News reports that Zinke told a crowd at an event held by Public Lands Council this week that the Trump administration didn t want to build the wall on American soil because it would mean handing the entire Rio Grande river to Mexico   so he just wants to take the land instead: The border is complicated, as far as building a physical wall. The Rio Grande, what side of the river are you going to put the wall? We re not going to put it on our side and cede the river to Mexico. And we re probably not going to put it in the middle of the river. Zinke stopped just shy of saying that we d take the land by force, but he made it pretty clear that the United States isn t going to give up the river   and Mexico isn t going to hand over land on their side to build a gigantic ugly wall on the border. First, President Trump proposed building a wall on our southern border and having Mexico pay for it. Now his administration is planning to build a wall in Mexico and have Americans pay for it,  Austin Evers, executive director of watchdog group Americans Oversight, said in a statement following the remarks.Will Trump s agenda lead us to war with one of our allies? If the administration has its way, according to Zinke, that s exactly what will happen.featured image via screengrab",0
1959, Trump DEVASTATED After Poll Reveals Americans Trust Media More Than Him (TWEET),"It was just this morning that Donald Trump once again tried to ignore his mounting failures and pump up his ego by trashing the press. Taking to Twitter, the undeserving POTUS bashed the New York Times (again) with yet another one of his lies. And after Trump trashed the New York Times, he posted another tweet about the  vicious  and inaccurate media:If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 29, 2017However, thanks to a new poll released by Monmouth University, Trump s temper tantrums about the press are far from over, because he seems to be alone in his opinion. The Monmouth University poll revealed that thanks to Trump s numerous lies and falsehoods, Americans now view MSNBC as a more credible source than him!You can only imagine how devastating it is for Trump to realize that his attacks on  fake news  are actually working against him and HELPING networks that dare to publish the truth about him. The poll stated: Only 28% of Americans are more likely trust Trump as an information source compared to ABC news while most (53%) say they would tend to trust ABC more, with 15% saying they would trust both sides equally. When pitted against MSNBC, 33% trust Trump more while 47% trust the liberal leaning cable channel more, with 15% trusting both about equally. When pitted against Fox News, only 17% trust Trump more while 37% trust the politically conservative news outlet more, with 36% trusting both about equally. Another interesting but not surprising finding from the poll was the fact that networks like MSNBC and ABC were viewed as more credible than Fox News, which has previously been outed as the most dishonest network (which is likely why Trump cites them so much). The only area where Trump is actually succeeding in credibility is among Republicans, who tend to take Trump s nonsense as the truth. The poll reported: The story is different, though, when isolating the views of Republicans. Americans who identify as GOP partisans are more likely to have confidence in Trump over any of the news sources tested in the poll. This is especially true for MSNBC   Trump is more trusted by a 66% to 16% margin   and ABC News   Trump is more trusted by a 56% to 22% margin. The president even has a slight, although statistically insignificant, 29% to 26% trust advantage over Fox News among his fellow partisans, with 44% of Republicans saying they trust both equally as an information source. So, Trump basically screwed himself over by trying to damage the credibility of the free press. While it s somewhat satisfying to see his attacks on the media backfire, we must not forget that what Trump s ridiculous behavior has resulted in is extremely dangerous. The White House now has no credibility, which could be devastating in the event that something serious happens. No one can trust the president, and he has undermined the credibility of the government. It will take a long time to repair this and rebuild the trust of the American people.Featured image is a screenshot",0
1960, The New York Times Just FIRED BACK At Trump With Brutal Fact-Check On Twitter,"Donald Trump pissed off The New York Times, and that mistake bit him on the ass.On Tuesday morning, Trump attacked the newspaper by once again falsely referring to it as  failing  and posting a link to an opinion piece written by a person who canceled his subscription because he s a snowflake who couldn t handle the honest coverage of Trump.The failing @NYTimes would do much better if they were honest! https://t.co/ATy8R3knS2  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2017Trump continued his tirade against the Times on Wednesday morning by once again referring to the newspaper as  failing  and then falsely claimed that the paper  apologized  to subscribers.Remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 29, 2017Trump then whined about how his administration is covered by the media. You know, because the truth hurts.If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 29, 2017Trump was likely referring to a letter addressed to subscribers written by publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr., who acknowledged that the newspaper had underestimated Trump and the amount of support he had among conservatives.Of course, it wasn t just The New York Times that got it wrong. Multiple news outlets across the media got it wrong. Then again, maybe they were right. We ll just never know since Russia interfered in the election on Trump s behalf and FBI Director James Comey dropped an October surprise on Hillary Clinton that damaged her campaign despite the  new evidence  being worthless. After all, Trump lost the popular vote by three million votes and squeaked out one of the narrowest Electoral College wins in American history.Anyway, nowhere in the letter did Sulzberger apologize for the coverage Times reporters and journalist provided on the election and Trump s budding scandals.That s why The New York Times fired back at Trump two hours after his tweet on Wednesday morning to slam him for lying..@realdonaldtrump False, we did not apologize. We stand by our coverage & thank our millions of subscribers for supporting our journalism.  NYTCo Communications (@NYTimesComm) March 29, 2017In fact, The New York Times has enjoyed a surge in subscriptions ever since Election Day, with more than 170,000 new signups in just a single month.Now that Trump has taken over the White House, The New York Times continues to enjoy the surge of more readers subscribing to get the news Donald Trump desperately does not want them to read.The New York Times has been digging deep into Trump s Russia scandal over the last few months and the reports have been damning. So next time Trump bitches about the New York Times, just know that it s because they are telling the truth about him.Featured Image: David Becker/Getty Images",0
1961, WATCH: Conservationist Jane Goodall BLASTS Trump’s Attack On Climate Science,"Donald Trump s roll-back of actions designed to fight climate change horrified the legendary conservationist.Jane Goodall is famous for her longtime studies of apes and chimpanzees.During the 2016 campaign, Goodall put this expertise to good use by comparing Trump to the chimpanzees she researched. In many ways the performances of Donald Trump remind me of male chimpanzees and their dominance rituals,  Goodall said.  In order to impress rivals, males seeking to rise in the dominance hierarchy perform spectacular displays: stamping, slapping the ground, dragging branches, throwing rocks. The more vigorous and imaginative the display, the faster the individual is likely to rise in the hierarchy, and the longer he is likely to maintain that position. And she was right. Trump s ape-like behavior thrilled his supporters and sent him to the White House where he has embarrassed himself and the nation so much that many Americans probably wish an actual chimpanzee had won instead of him, especially after what Trump did earlier this week.As a conservationist, Goodall has traveled the world and witnessed the effects of climate change firsthand.So when Trump signed yet another executive order to reverse rules put in in place by President Obama to slow down or reverse the effects of climate change, hr usual optimism soured.Referring to Trump s executive order as  immensely depressing,  Goodall expressed how sad it is that the United States is declining to play its part to save the world. Many of us, not just my institute but many, we ve been working really hard to create the Paris agreement and global efforts to cut emissions,  Goodall told journalists.  Thinking that the USA isn t going to play its part, such an industrial country, is really very, very sad. And it means we re going to have to work harder. Indeed, while the United States is not the only nation in the world, our influence on the international stage is critical to any agreement of between countries, especially when it comes to financial, technological, and military resources.Trump s irresponsible order to reverse our nation s involvement in fighting climate change not only threatens the rest of the world, it threatens America as well, especially our coastlines, which are in danger of being under several feet of water due to sea level rise caused by increasingly melting ice caps.Trump s beloved Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida will be under water in the near future if we do not act now.But Trump had adopted the conservative line that climate change is not real and that science is fake. He s a climate change denier, and Jane Goodall has zero tolerance for that stance. I would not dream of refuting the science that shows climate change is happening,  Goodall said.  It s happening everywhere. It s already having devastating effects in many parts of the world. The droughts are getting worse, flooding s getting worse. Storms, hurricanes are getting more frequent and more violent. And the main thing is unpredictability. Everywhere I go, people say,  Well it s not normally like that at this time of year. And Trump s attack on climate action is causing scientists to lose hope. There is definitely a feeling of gloom and doom among all the people I know,  Goodall continued.  If we allow this feeling of doom and gloom to continue, then it will be very, very bad. But my job is to give people hope. Bu despite her high hopes that we can push back and reinstate the climate actions, even Goodall conceded that she sees the future of our children and grandchildren  being unraveled  right before our eyes by a man who doesn t care about thing or anyone but himself. Even a chimpanzee would have more compassion.Featured Image: Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
1962, The Latest Delusion From Devin Nunes Will Make You SICK — This Is Exactly Why He Can’t Be Trusted,"Representative Devin Nunes, chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, said on Wednesday that the Democrats are  not serious  about the investigation into Russia s interference in the 2016 presidential election. We re beginning to figure out who s actually serious about the investigation because it appears like the Democrats aren t really serious about this investigation,  he told reporters, according to Politico.This is the same Nunes who snuck onto the White House grounds to meet an unnamed source last week, then switched cars and ditched aides, then vanished into the night so that the next day he could make an announcement to defend alleged president Donald Trump. Nunes, while refusing to name his source, said that he had seen evidence that Trump associates were  incidentally  surveilled after the election.The top Democrat on the committee, Adam Schiff, and other Democrats, are calling for Nunes to recuse himself from the Russia probe. Nunes has refused to do so.Nunes alleges that the Democrats have not given him a witness list and added that as far as he knew they had done  very little  to read the documents provided by the intelligence agencies, according to Politico. So, at the end of the day here, we re going to get to the truth, we re going to find out who s actually doing a real investigation,  Nunes said.Nunes, who literally went around the very committee he chairs, to bring Trump  evidence  amid one of the biggest scandals to ever hit the White House, claims that Democrats aren t serious about a probe into Russia s meddling of our election.Sure, accuse the other side of what you re guilty of, Rep. Nunes.So far, only one Republican lawmaker has stepped forward to call for Nunes to recuse himself from the investigation. Hopefully, more Republicans will locate their conscience in order to disallow a hostile foreign government from underminding our election process in the future.Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images.",0
1963," Fox News Just Got SLAPPED With A Racial Discrimination Lawsuit, And It’s About Damn Time","Years of racism in the workplace has finally resulted in a long overdue lawsuit against Fox News.On the same day that Fox host Bill O Reilly made an outrageously racist comment about Congresswoman Maxine Waters, and a week after news broke that Fox fired comptroller Judith Slater for making racist remarks to black employees, a racial discrimination lawsuit was formally filed against the network by two African-American women who experienced the racism firsthand.According to The New York Times,The women   Tichaona Brown, a payroll manager, and Tabrese Wright, a payroll coordinator   accused Ms. Slater of making numerous racially charged comments, including suggestions that black men were  women beaters  and that black people wanted to physically harm white people.They also said that Ms. Slater claimed that black employees mispronounced words, such as  mother,   father,   month  and  ask,  and that she urged Ms. Brown to say those words aloud in a meeting. Ms. Wright said Ms. Slater once asked if her three children were all  fathered by the same man. The lawsuit was filed in State Supreme Court in the Bronx and the attorneys representing the two ladies are  confident  that Fox is not going to like the outcome if they go to court. We are confident that the good men and women of the Bronx will hold Fox accountable for what we believe to be its abhorrent racist conduct, reminiscent of the Jim Crow era,  they said in a joint statement.Of course, Fox News whined about the lawsuit in a statement to Raw Story.We take complaints of this nature very seriously and took prompt and effective remedial action before Ms. Brown and Ms. Wright sued in court and even before Ms. Wright complained through her lawyer. There is no place for inappropriate verbal remarks like this at Fox News. We are disappointed that this needless litigation has been filed.Frankly, it s about damn time Fox News faced a lawsuit like this. The network s record of racism and racist remarks has been atrocious over the years, especially since the election of the President Obama in 2008.Bill O Reilly and Sean Hannity have been especially guilty of being racist, yet unlike Slater, they remain employed by the network.O Reilly has even been named in sexual harassment lawsuits but Fox executives still keep paying him to run his mouth every night.Fox News is pretty much saying that it s okay if their on-air personalities are sexist and racist but it s not okay for their executives who work behind the scenes. Sounds like a double standard.But the sexism and racism at Fox News is now catching up to them as former and current employees are starting to fight back by filing lawsuits. At some point, Fox News is going to have to drag itself and their employees into the 21st century before they go broke trying to defend themselves in court.Featured Image: Dangerous Minds",0
1964, Twitter Throat-Punches Trump After His Latest Stupid Lie About The New York Times (TWEETS),"On Wednesday, failing President Donald Trump attempted to distract from his ongoing troubles with his administration s numerous, suspicious, and likely treasonous ties to Russia by once again attacking media he considers adversarial   which, of course, is anyone but Fox News and Breitbart at this point. In this case, he once again went after the  failing  New York Times. Remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong,  Trump tweeted.  Now worse! Remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 29, 2017No. No one remembers that because it didn t happen. Trump, of course, is referencing a 200-word letter printed by the Times after the election thanking readers for their loyalty and pledging to  rededicate  itself to the same high journalistic standards to which the publication has always held itself. At no point did the Times   which has broken numerous stories that were uncomfortable for The Donald and doubled its subscriptions in 2016 (so much for  failing,  huh?)   say its excellent coverage was  bad  nor did they apologize to their readers. If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!  Trump added, failing to note that only right-wing media covers him inaccurately.If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 29, 2017Naturally, Americans dropped by to let Trump know what they think of his  alternative facts :@realDonaldTrump you have moved from fake news to fake memories.  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) March 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes No one remembers because you're lying. You are reporting FAKE NEWS. You are the problem here. You need to go.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) March 29, 2017.@realDonaldTrump wasn't true the last two times you said it, still not true now pic.twitter.com/FwFko0yFsS  Dave Itzkoff (@ditzkoff) March 29, 2017(Here's the NYT letter Trump is referring to. It's really not an apology at all.) https://t.co/pnDJ04RR31  Zach Schonfeld (@zzzzaaaacccchhh) March 29, 2017.@realDonaldTrump generally I don't remember things that never happened.  Alex Zalben (@azalben) March 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes no one remembers this, no, because IT NEVER HAPPENED YOU CRAZY OLD FUCK  Jason Bailey (@jasondashbailey) March 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes Remember when your GREAT LEGAL MIND pal Judge Napolitano was fired by Fox 4 a false story?????   Gina  (@Gina660) March 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes Wasn't an apology. Was a thank you to subscribers and a declaration of continued excellence in journalism pic.twitter.com/N7BsGM2uxe  Jennifer Barnett (@jenzerb) March 29, 2017Trump s desperation is becoming more and more obvious by the day. He s running scared and it s up to the  FAKE NEWS  media to make sure he goes down in flames.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",0
1965," Hillary Clinton Just Took Sean Spicer And Bill O’Reilly To The Woodshed, And It Is Beautiful (VIDEO)","While delivering the closing remarks at Tuesday s Professional Business Women of California conference in San Francisco, Hillary Clinton couldn t resist the urge to tell Team Trump to go f*ck themselves for their treatment of women. Just look at all that s happened in the last few days to women who were simply doing their jobs,  Clinton told the crowd, cutting into White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer for the condescending attitude he had toward a reporter who shook her head as Spicy lied to her: April Ryan, a respected journalist with unrivaled integrity, was doing her job just this afternoon in the White House press room when she was patronized and cut off trying to ask a question. Clinton also took aim at Trump ally, Fox News host Bill O Reilly, for his insanely racist joke about a black congresswoman s hair: One of our own California congressmen Maxine Waters was taunted with a racist joke about her hair. Too many women, especially women of color, have had a lifetime of practice taking precisely these kinds of indignities in stride. But why should we have to?  Clinton asked rhetorically.  And any woman who thinks this couldn t be directed at her is living in a dream world. This administration s treatment of women, Muslims, people of color, anyone whose skin color is darker than a fresh piece of classroom chalk, and people in general, is abysmal.Clinton warned us this would happen. More people should have listened.Watch her remarks below:WATCH: And here's the video of @HillaryClinton defending WH reporter @AprilDRyan and Congresswoman @MaxineWaters pic.twitter.com/VPK9doFxTe  Yashar (@yashar) March 28, 2017Featured image via screengrab",0
1966, Makers Of Fake Planned Parenthood Baby Parts Video Slapped With 15 Felony Charges,"Two anti-abortion activists are facing 15 felony charges after they secretly filmed themselves trying to buy aborted fetal tissue from Planned Parenthood. (In case you missed it, these attempts were unsuccessful because, duh. But that didn t stop them from editing this video footage and then using it to claim that the women s health provider was selling baby parts. They weren t.)State Attorney General Xavier Becerra announced the charges against David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt on Tuesday. The Associated Press reports:The allegations say the pair filmed 14 people without permission between October 2013 and July 2015 in Los Angeles, San Francisco and El Dorado counties. One felony count was filed for each person. The 15th was for criminal conspiracy to invade privacy.According to Becerra, Daleiden and Merritt created a fictitious biomedical research company, which they then lied about in order to convince representatives of Planned Parenthood to meet with them   and then they secretly recorded them without their knowledge.Daleiden claims these charges are  bogus  and are only being brought against him because of Planned Parenthood s political cronies.  Naturally. The public knows the real criminals are Planned Parenthood and their business partners,  Daleiden said. (For the record, the women s health care provider has committed zero crimes.)Last April, Daleiden claimed on social media that his home had been raided by agents from the California Department of Justice who confiscated all his video footage, among other things. There had been no word on the investigation since then until the charges were filed with the San Francisco Superior Court on Tuesday.In January of 2016, Daleiden and Merritt were both indicted on similar charges by a grand jury in Texas. That grand jury had originally been convened to investigate Planned Parenthood, but not only did they find no wrongdoing on the part of the women s health care provider, they also ended up indicting the filmmakers for their bogus video. Unfortunately, these charges were dropped because the prosecutor said the jury had overstepped since this was not why they were convened.Featured image via Eric Kayne/Getty Images",0
1967, Trump Stooge Nunes Just Gave the Most Immature Answer When Asked If He Will Recuse Himself (VIDEO),"Trump transition team member Devin Nunes, who inexplicably is leading the congressional investigation into Trump s ties with Russia, recently got himself in a spot of trouble when he met with a source he will not reveal on the White House grounds in the middle of the night on Wednesday to obtain sketchy intel that seems intended to back Trump s claim that President Obama  tapped  his  wires. Nunes claims that he was shown U.S. surveillance documents that indicate numerous members of the Trump team were indirectly surveilled when they contacted some shady foreign people who were being investigated. Instead of taking this information, which may or may not be true as the alleged Trump investigator refuses to show his work, to his fellow investigators Nunes admits he ran straight to the main subject of the investigation.By Thursday, Nunes was scrambling to apologize for corrupting the investigation by leaking details to the guy he s supposed to be investigating amid calls for him to recuse himself. But Nunes refuses to do so despite a clear conflict of interest.On Wednesday, CNN caught up to Nunes to ask if he will recuse himself and he decided the appropriate response was that of a third-grader:This is the mentality of the people with whom we are dealing   they are like children who have been handed too much power and are f*cking evil. But really, what did we expect given that Nunes  boss regularly employs the  I know you are but what am I?  and  But teacher, he hit me too  defenses.Watch it below:Instead of recusing himself from the #TrumpRussia investigation, @DevinNunes insults and denies   just like @realDonaldTrump. #Russiagate pic.twitter.com/0NNWxeygT7  American Bridge (@American_Bridge) March 28, 2017featured image via screengrab",0
1968, April Ryan Describes In Harrowing Detail What It Feels Like To Be Abused By Sean Spicer (VIDEO),"By now, everyone is aware of the appallingly abusive way in which White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer treated American Urban Radio Correspondent April Ryan during Tuesday s White House Press briefing. All Ryan was doing was, well, HER JOB, and asking about the cloud of Russia investigations hanging over the embattled Trump Administration. This caused Sean Spicer to completely lose it, and launch into condescending, sexist, and racist attacks on Ryan.After the press availability was over, Ryan spoke with MSNBC s Katy Tur about her experience, addressing the accusation from Sean Spicer that she was pushing an agenda rather than just reporting the facts. Ryan told Tur: I don t have an agenda. We ve never seen anything like this before and my question was simple, how do you change the perception problem? And it went off into this Russian dressing, no shaking my head or whatever. You cannot ignore, as a reporter, there are issues on Capitol Hill. You have investigations going. You have the head of the intel committee coming here to the White House briefing people, the president himself. I understand what Sean is doing  trying to make this administration look better than what it does right now. And unfortunately, I was roadkill today. No matter what Sean Spicer s job is, he had not right to treat April Ryan that way. She was just doing her job. If he can t handle tough questions, he should find another line of work. To flat-out deny all of those investigations, and to accuse the press of being at fault for the fact that the criminal activity that is clearly taking place inside the Trump White House is a huge story is truly beyond the pale. Until they come clean about the Russia business, this will continue to be a story. The White House Press Corp would derelict in their duties if they didn t continue to press Spicer on this.Good on you for being a superb member of the Fourth Estate, Ms. Ryan. You handled Spicer s abuse with grace and dignity. Believe me, he s the one who comes out looking worse for wear on this one.Watch the video below, via Real Clear Politics:Featured image via video screen capture",0
1969," Trump Says He Never Makes Mistakes, Then Immediately Makes A Mistake (VIDEO)","In perhaps the clearest example of the small, but egregious way Donald Trump lies about even the little things, he got caught screwing up less than 2 seconds after announcing that he  doesn t make mistakes. It unfolded like a scene from a comedy, Trump, angry at his plummeting poll numbers and numerous scandals, complained that the press were obsessed with looking for flaws in his White House. Rather than admit he s only human, Trump doubled down on his absurd contention that he s never wrong. One mistake and it s no good. But we just can t make mistakes, right? So we don t make mistakes. Ready for the punchline?Trump next passes the conversation over to  Ken. Go ahead, Ken. That wasn t  Ken.  That s Chuck Canterbury, the head of the National Fraternal Order of Police.Oops.While flatly stating that you never make mistakes is a ridiculous thing to lie about, it only serves to highlight the general level of dishonesty that is rampant in Trump s White House. He s so incapable of admitting he s wrong that Trump goes to great lengths to never apologize for anything he s ever said   no matter how false. Trump never apologized for linking Ted Cruz s dad to the JFK assassination. His  apology  for six years of promoting birtherism turned out to be a  sorry, not sorry  publicity stunt. He can t even admit his unfounded claim that Obama wiretapped his phones was a complete fabrication.But here s the really scary part. A lie as obvious as  I never make mistakes  brings us to an unsettling truism: If a person will lie about the little things, what will he do to cover up the big ones?Featured image via YouTube",0
1970, WATCH: Lindsey Graham LAYS INTO Devin Nunes – Time To Let The Grownups Handle This,"Senator Lindsey Graham is on the attack after Nunes blew the credibility of the House Intel Committee s investigation into collusion with Russia. He appeared on NBC s  Today  show this morning to tell the entire world exactly what he thinks of Nunes at this point, and he didn t hold anything back: I think it s a little bizarre. There s nothing been revealed to suggest the Obama administration surveilled the Trump campaign. That s not even what Nunes is saying. He s saying there s incidental collection outside of Russia.The problem he s created is he s gone out on a lark by himself, sort of an Inspector Clouseau investigation here, trying to find some unmasking information about collection incidental with the Trump campaign and some foreign agent outside of Russia. I think the only way this can be repaired is if he tells his colleagues on the House Intelligence committee who he met with and what he saw. Graham wants Nunes to do the right thing to fix this investigation, but believes that Nunes  objectivity is now in question. Graham also says that if he s not willing to share the information he has with his panel colleagues (Republican and Democratic), then he s  lost his ability to lead. At this point, Graham says the Senate is doing a great job with its investigation and suggested that maybe it s time for the Senate to take the reins on this.Watch below:Featured image by Justin Sullivan via Getty Images",0
1971, Trump Told Police Union To Report Cops Who Didn’t Vote For Him And It’s Uncomfortable As Hell (VIDEO),"On Tuesday, our resident Manchurian couch potato met with the head of Chicago s Fraternal Order of Police to talk about the  carnage  (as Trump calls it) in the city that prompted Trump to  send in the feds  in January. Sadly, our police are often prevented from doing their jobs,  Trump told union officials at the meeting.  In too many of our communities, violent crime is on the rise. These are painful realities that many in Washington don t want to talk about. We have seen it all over. Trump thanked the union president Dean Angelo for the support he and the union gave during the campaign and, as is custom, took a moment to tell them how much cops love him, describing the numbers in his favor among law enforcement as  extremely lopsided. Then, he said something that would be taken as a joke when uttered by most people   but not by someone who installs people in various government offices to serve as loyalty police: I m just trying to figure out the few people who voted the other way. Who are they? Who are they? Find out who they are, please, and let us know. The room filled with uncertain, muffled, uneasy laughter.Was Trump joking? Who knows? After all, ever since he came to power he has treated the act of firing and threatening anyone who disagrees with him as a regular, everyday activity.Watch this extremely uncomfortable moment below:Featured image via Chicago Tribune",0
1972, WATCH: The View HAMMERS Fox News For Ignoring Trump’s Russia Scandal,"As Donald Trump continues to take criticism from the press over his scandalous ties to Russia, the ladies of The View noticed that one network is deafeningly silent.Ever since FBI Director James Comey confirmed that Trump is being investigated for colluding with Russia during the 2016 campaign, the scandal has only widened as House Intelligence Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes demonstrated that he s more interested in derailing the investigation than he is in pursuing it.Nunes has canceled hearings that would have shined more light on Trump s scandal and he also went to the White House to personally inform Trump about the committee s investigation, which is highly unethical and proves that Republicans are incapable of running this investigation.Indeed, Nunes own ties to Russia and Putin have been recently revealed. As it turns out, Nunes owns part of a winery that is connected to a Russian investor who is close to Putin. Furthermore, Nunes served on Trump s transition team. So it s clear that Nunes has a lot to lose if he allows the investigation to move forward.But even though the evidence against Trump is piling up and Republicans have been caught engaging in an attempted cover-up, Fox News is not screaming about it nearly as much as they were screaming about Benghazi.The hosts of View tackled Fox, Trump, and Nunes during their show on Tuesday. And it wasn t pretty either as even the most conservative hosts on the program agreed that something smells awfully fishy.First, Whoopi Goldberg slammed Trump for calling his Russia scandal a  hoax. If it is a hoax, don t you want them to investigate and clear your name, my friend?  she quipped.Joy Behar pointed out that Trump is a  serial liar  so he has zero credibility on this issue. First of all, we know he s a committed serial liar, so when he says it s a hoax, he means it s not a hoax,  she said.Sunny Hostin, who is an attorney, chimed in by attacking Nunes for sneaking off to the White House to inform Trump on what his committee is doing and noted that Nunes could also be in trouble because he may have been caught on a wiretap talking to Russian officials since he was making calls as part of Trump s transition team. Indeed, Nunes  connections to Russia and Putin combined with his unwillingness to run a fair and unbiased investigation should force him to recuse himself and step down from the House Intelligence Committee.Then Whoopi Goldberg and Jedediah Bila teamed up to hammer Fox News. Why isn t Fox screaming about this?  Goldberg asked.  They screamed about Benghazi. She s right. Fox News constantly talked about Benghazi as if it was the scandal to beat all scandals. In the end, it was only a Republican witch hunt against Hillary Clinton and no wrongdoing was found.But Donald Trump has serious connections to Russia and Vladimir Putin and it has been proven that Russia interfered in the 2016 Election on Trump s behalf, especially after Trump asked them to continue hacking our institutions. Several of Trump s aides and closest advisers have been revealed as having significant ties to Putin, including Michael Flynn, Paul Manafort, and Carter Page. Even Trump s son-in-law took a meeting with a Russian banker who has close ties to Putin.If you have a brain right now and you re a functioning person, the word  Russia  has come up way too many times with this administration,  Bila pointed out before referencing Putin.  That name is showing up too much for me to be comfortable right now. Here s the video via YouTube:It s time for Congress to let an independent commission take over the investigation from the House Intelligence Committee. Nunes has zero credibility and he has proven that he s nothing but a Trump stooge. A special prosecutor should also be appointed tot eh investigation. Donald Trump s Russia scandal has raged on for months and it s only getting bigger and bigger despite how much Republicans have been dragging their feet. If Hillary Clinton were in the White House right now, Republicans would have triggered investigation after investigation over the tiniest hints of a scandal. But Donald Trump is embroiled in a real scandal that threatens to topple our country to Putin s advantage and Republicans are reluctant to do anything about it because it threatens their power. Not only should Trump be investigated, Republicans in Congress should be investigated for being complicit.Featured image via screenshot",0
1973, Fox News Host Tells Black Congresswoman To ‘Step Away From Crack Pipe’ (VIDEO),"It would appear Fox News isn t even hiding their blatant racism anymore, nor doing anything about it.Appearing on the cable  news  network, Fox regular Eric Bolling decided he would go all in and call a black Congresswoman a crack addict, and in the worst way possible.While discussing Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA), Bolling says, in the most repugnant way possible: You saw what happened to Whitney Houston. Step away from the crack pipe. Step away from the Xanax. Step away from the Lorazepam. It s gonna get you in trouble. Which also insinuates she s going to get herself killed because that s what happened to Whitney Houston.Watch here:Now, if you didn t already think Eric Bolling was a raging racist and absolutely horrible person before, you undoubtedly should now. And if you don t, maybe take a good, long look in the mirror and have so self-introspection to how horrible you may be yourself.Who the hell talks like this and is still allowed to keep their job? It s incredibly vile, and unfortunately, not at all surprising.Featured image via video screen capture",0
1974, Trump Gets SKEWERED For Trying To Take Credit For Investment Ford Planned In 2015,"Donald Trump continues to embarrass himself in a desperate effort to prove that he s a job creator.In yet another self-serving and self-promoting post on Twitter, Trump crowed about an announcement made by Ford Motor Company that it is investing $1.2 billion in three automotive plants in Michigan that will keep and create jobs.Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2017However, Ford previously planned this investment back in 2015 while President Obama was still in office.According to The Detroit News,The company said Tuesday it will invest $850 million to retool its Michigan Assembly Plant in Wayne for truck and SUV production; $150 million in its Romeo Engine Plant to expand capacity for several vehicles; and $200 million to build a data center at the company s Flat Rock Assembly Plant. The investments at the Michigan Assembly Plant and Romeo Engine Plant were negotiated as part of the 2015 Ford-United Auto Workers contract. The investments at Flat Rock   those announced today and those announced in January   are new.In short, most of the investments Trump is praising were already going to happen as part of deal between Ford executives and the labor union, which means a labor should get the credit for helping American workers and preventing jobs from being outsourced to other countries. Trump had nothing to do with it.This isn t the first time Trump has taken credit for investments and job growth companies planned prior to him taking office.Trump also took credit for a Charter Communications announcement to create 20,000 jobs even though that plan was also made in 2015.Of course, while Trump supporters are gullible enough to believe he is responsible for these job gains, everyone else is not buying it. Twitter users made that clear in their comments.Hey @realDonaldTrump, these are all part of the 2015 Ford-United Auto Workers contract. Had nothing to do with you https://t.co/TMzR8doV76  Josh S nchez (@jnsanchez) March 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump Every time you make these announcements, we later find out that the deal had been in place months.Sign of desperation.  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) March 28, 2017@MatthewDicks @realDonaldTrump Of course it s been in place for months. This guy is too busy working on his golf swing. pic.twitter.com/AJZ4mOkQVA  J. Rollins (@six7six7) March 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump You love taking credit for everything Obama did. We know the truth.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) March 28, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Thank you! This is a great reminder of that time Obama saved the entire American automobile industry.  Nick Jack Pappas (@Pappiness) March 28, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Cut the BS, #trump You can t just take credit for things that you ve had zero to do with. WTF is wrong with you!?  Andy Ostroy (@AndyOstroy) March 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump Yes. Trumpers, read the Detroit papers. This was promised in a union contract from 2015. Don t let Trump con you, again  RiotWomenn (@riotwomennn) March 28, 2017The only question now is what other job announcements made under the Obama Administration will Trump take credit for next?Featured Image: Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1975, Undocumented Immigrant Dares Trump To Release His Taxes After Proving She Pays Hers,"Donald Trump s head is going to explode when he sees this.Back in September as the 2016 campaign raged on, Trump claimed that undocumented immigrants cost the United States hundreds of billions of dollars and complained that only 5 percent to 10 percent of them pay taxes. Illegal immigration, each year, costs us between $200 billion and $300 billion,  Trump told CNN host Erin Burnett.  I don t know if anybody gives you those numbers. Probably not. There s very little, percentage-wise,  Trump said on the number of immigrants who pay taxes.  There s very little, probably 5 percent, 10 percent. Wrong.As it turns out, Trump claimed in August that the figure was around $113 billion. But Politifact rated his claim  false  after doing some research. Trump s information comes from an unreliable conservative think tank that fiercely opposes immigration. Reports from other organizations, even conservative ones, put the figure drastically lower.It also turns out that around more than half of the undocumented immigrants in this country pay more taxes than Donald Trump does. After all, just a single year of Trump s tax returns showed that he probably didn t pay a dime in federal income taxes for over a decade. Undocumented immigrants on the other hand, have contributed $12 billion to Social Security alone as well as other federal, local and state taxes, while not being able to receive any federal, state, or local benefits.That may be a huge reason why Trump refuses to release his tax returns. Because he knows that they would expose him as the hypocrite, liar, and tax cheat that he is.Now one undocumented immigrant is bravely daring Trump to release his taxes after she proved his claims wrong with a single photograph.Belen Sisa is a resident of Arizona who was brought to America by her undocumented immigrant parents when she was six years old. Sisa decided to send a message to Donald Trump and all of those anti-immigrant conservatives who believe the myths about undocumented immigrants that right-wing groups constantly spew.So she posted a picture of herself proudly holding up her tax returns on Facebook and included the following message:I, an undocumented immigrant, just filed my taxes and PAID $300 to the state of Arizona. I cannot receive financial aid from the state or federal government for school, I cannot benefit from unemployment, a reduced healthcare plan, or a retirement fund. I think I m a pretty good citizen. Oh and there are MILLIONS just like me who pay into a system they will never receive anything from. Wanna tell me again how I should be deported, contribute nothing and only leech off this country while the 1% wealthiest people in this country steal from you everyday? How about you show me yours Donald J. Trump? #HereToStay Your move, Donald.Featured Image: Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
1976, The Internet Drags Trump’s Son For Saying ‘There’s No Better Patriot In The World Than Sean Hannity’,"In the wake of Tom Koppel telling Sean Hannity to his face that he is bad for America, Eric Trump came to the Fox  News  host s rescue. Eric Trump, who has never served in the military just like his father and Sean Hannity, declared on Fox and Friends that  there is no better patriot in the world than Sean Hannity.  adding,  I think he s just a great, great man. He said that beliefs are what  get America to a great place. He has strong beliefs,  Eric Trump said.  And you know, beliefs are what get America to a great place, beliefs on quite frankly, both sides of the aisle. He then demonized the  tolerant left,  saying that  they re very tolerant until they disagree with you. Watch: There s no better patriot in the world than @seanhannity.   @EricTrump pic.twitter.com/PmH0vu00i5  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 28, 2017That went down on Twitter about as well as you d expect.You're kidding, right, @foxandfriends? I know E2s who enlisted last month with more patriotism. @seanhannity is a joke. @EricTrump  tay (@SensiblySecular) March 28, 2017@foxandfriends @seanhannity @EricTrump Ummm. Literally ANY member of the military-active, reserve or vet-is a better patriot.  Jen Wells (@jwellsie) March 28, 2017@jwellsie @foxandfriends @seanhannity @EricTrump Benedict Arnold was a better patriot and American.  #RiggedHombre (@darkman1558) March 28, 2017@foxandfriends @seanhannity @EricTrumpExcept for any US Soldier making thousands of times less than himSmh .Qusay Trump is so stupid pic.twitter.com/npckCsr2Aa  T. Fisher King (@T_FisherKing) March 28, 2017@T_FisherKing @foxandfriends @seanhannity @EricTrump Whose bravery is in serving his/her country. Not hunting endangered species for sport.  brwnlady (@StrawGirl52) March 28, 2017@foxandfriends @seanhannity @EricTrump Agreed. Oh, except for EVERY US citizen who fought and died for our country since the 18th Century.  Itsme (@trulyme9) March 28, 2017@norris_bernie @foxandfriends @marty713 @seanhannity @EricTrump Didn't he promise to get waterboarded to prove it's not that bad? crickets  Mo Adewunmi (@campaignmo2016) March 28, 2017@foxandfriends @seanhannity @EricTrump pic.twitter.com/o3cJpOy3yV  Information Please (@informationplz_) March 28, 2017@foxandfriends @seanhannity @EricTrump Umm  how about our men and women in uniform?  orlando pride fan (@3UGAHokies19) March 28, 2017@foxandfriends @seanhannity @EricTrump Forget the men and women serving our country right now. Hannity is the patriot. Disgusting  LaMomica (@LaMomica) March 28, 2017@foxandfriends @allahpundit @seanhannity @EricTrump Oh really? pic.twitter.com/OwIeVLPWPd  Judge Elihu Smails (@JudgeElihu) March 28, 2017@foxandfriends @seanhannity @EricTrump I can think of over a million, here is a representative sample: pic.twitter.com/6Lj7ghKHpU  S J Pratt (@sjprattlaw) March 28, 2017@foxandfriends @seanhannity @EricTrump Maybe every veteran would be a better example of a patriot.  vaishali deshpande (@valdeshpande) March 28, 2017Sean Hannity s net worth is about $80 million. He lives a lavish lifestyle, owning several homes, each worth millions. But yeah, Hannity is more of a  patriot  than a man or woman who puts their lives on the line to protect our country   and for very little pay. Eric Trump is a trophy hunter and he probably thinks he s a brave patriot, too.The two have much in common. Both of them will justify anything alleged president Donald Trump does, even if he marched into a high school and opened fire.In response to his interview with Mr. Koppel, Hannity tweeted that it was  fake edited news,  because of course he did.Hannity is no patriot. Those that served in the military must be cringing right now. Donald Trump s son just threw them under the bus for a wealthy Fox News host who has been sucking up to the amateur president on his show while calling liberals  snowflakes.  By the way, Sean, 2016 called and they want that ineffective word back.An interesting tidbit about Koppel: The legendary journalist s Jewish parents fled Germany following the rise of Adolf Hitler and Nazism.Image: screen capture with added tweets. ",0
1977, CNN Guest’s Face After Trump Flack Blatantly Lies About Obama Golfing Is All Of Us Right Now (VIDEO),"It s Trump s third month in office and the lies about President Obama just keep coming.During a CNN panel to discuss Trump s 13th golf vacation, long-time Trump flack and woman without shame Kayleigh McEnany, thought she would help her president out by spinning a blatant lie about Obama. Trump should be excused from criticism for his repeated golf trips, McEnany reasoned, because Obama once golfed shortly after a journalist named Daniel Pearl was murdered by extremists in Pakistan.As anyone not currently trying to exploit his death to protect Trump might know, Pearl was murdered in 2002. Obama wouldn t become president for six years. And there is no evidence that he was golfing   as a then state senator   at the time. McEnany just flat-out lied.WATCH: Kayleigh McEnany: Obama rushed off to golf after Daniel Pearl was beheaded.Pearl was killed in 2002. Obama was a state senator. pic.twitter.com/5QkFRgjoR4  Yashar (@yashar) March 28, 2017Next to her was Atlantic writer Peter Beinart whose stunned expression pretty much sums it up.Beinart is used to this level of idiocy from Trump surrogates. During the election, his reaction to a ridiculous rant by Katrina Pierson went viral. Her lies were so unhinged that all he could do was uncontrollably laugh at her.Peter Beinart could not contain his laughter during that last @CNNTonight segment https://t.co/JgD2aEcts0  Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) October 13, 2016It s not hard to understand why Trump and his cronies are eager to deflect criticism of his golf game onto Obama. For years, Trump attacked the former president for taking vacations or playing golf while he was in office. During the campaign, Trump vowed to never take a vacation and promised he would have no time for golf. Since being elected, that s gone out the window. He s now spent nearly every weekend in his first two months playing golf at courses he owns.Adding further absurdity to McEnany s defense of Trump, the president doesn t let national mourning stop his golf game. He played golf this weekend during the same time a white supremacist terrorist was charged with murdering a random black man as  practice  before a planned mass murder of black people in New York City. Trump has refused to comment on the incident. He visited his Virginia golf course twice, lying about what he was doing both times.Featured image via Twitter",0
1978, Internet Has Brutal Reminder For Ivanka After She Takes Picture With Elephant At D.C. Zoo,"Since the inauguration, Ivanka Trump has spent much of her time desperately working to make people forget that she s complicit in many of her father s worst behaviors. While she doesn t mind exploiting a little nepotism to get her own office in the White House, she actively pretends she s innocent in all of this.Part of her strategy is to promote herself (and her brand) on social media as family-friendly and fun. Along with tweets about her father s policies, she regularly posts pictures of her and her family enjoying vacations and activities. She recently thought this would be a fun picture to add to her Twitter account. Who doesn t love an elephant?Making some new friends in DC! pic.twitter.com/D7j4e0IUHW  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) March 26, 2017There were a few glaring problems, though. The photo op only served to reinforce what a hypocrite she is. Given her unique position to actually influence her family, her silence speaks volumes. A real  friend  of the elephants might, for example, criticize her brother Donald Trump Jr for murdering wild elephants as part of his routine safari trips.@IvankaTrump Doesn't your family normally kill those things? pic.twitter.com/8tAfVxMR7y  Kaj-Erik Eriksen (@KajEriksen) March 27, 2017She might point out to her brother that posing with the severed tail of an elephant he had just killed was a disgusting thing to do and he should wipe that smug grin off of his face.pic.twitter.com/DhVDc6TVvJ  Clara Jeffery (@ClaraJeffery) March 27, 2017She might encourage both of her brothers to stop trying to replace their insecurities with dead animals.Yes, @ClaraJeffery This!Ivanka pretends to be humane Her family murder for fun.And she doesn't care. pic.twitter.com/AM3aN2FmX4  Steve Marmel (@Marmel) March 28, 2017She also might take a more active interest in what her father is doing. Trump has shown no interest in murdering elephants individually, but his lack of respect for environmental protections might make him one of their greatest enemies nonetheless. Trump recently proposed defunding every cent of federal funding to combat climate change. Every single cent. His new head of the EPA, a climate science denier, called fighting the devastating effects of climate change a  waste of time. Renowned climate scientist Michael Mann put what Trump is doing in the simplest possible terms: It s an all-out assault on Earth. Meanwhile, African elephants continue to slowly circle towards extinction. Plagued by a changing environment, poachers, and human development, their habitat has become a dangerous place to live. The Trump family is a major part of that.Some friend.Featured image via Twitter",0
1979, Donald Trump PANICS Over Russia And Fires Off Two Bizarre Tweets – Twitter CRUSHES Him (TWEETS),"What does President Cheeto McTinyhands do best when someone s about to make him look REALLY stupid or bad or criminal? He jumps on Twitter to deflect as hard as he can, and often makes himself look even worse. The House Intel Committee is falling apart at the seams thanks to Chairman Devin Nunes inability to maintain any semblance of integrity, and now it s been revealed Trump s own son-in-law, Jared Kushner, has met with a Russian bank with ties to the former KGB, and other undisclosed Russian officials as well.This is in addition to the possibility that Michael Flynn has flipped on Trump, the uncertainty surrounding three former Trump aides  sudden willingness to testify in the Russia investigation, and the growing calls among Democrats for Nunes to recuse himself from the investigation (or resign entirely).Trump s latest deflection is simple: Why isn t the Intel Committee investigation Hillary? Because, after all, she allegedly has ties to Russia too:Why isn t the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill & Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2017 money to Bill, the Hillary Russian  reset,  praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2017Oh gee, could it be because Trump is in the White House and Hillary isn t? The Trump Russia story is a real story. The Hillary Russia story is what s a hoax. Twitter isn t listening to this   they know better:@realDonaldTrump b/c that has been proven to not be true. Yes HC was @ state dept. when the deal was made, but she did not make the deal.  Al Letson (@Al_Letson) March 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump because they don t work for us. Here, let me help you, get your supply cup, this will take a bit; you are our employee.  Kevin (@TheKevinDent) March 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump Can you explain Uranium again? pic.twitter.com/O4Zcr665ML  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) March 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump And the FBI isn t investigating Bill and Hillary. They re investigating you.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) March 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump How many of your advisors forced to resign due to inappropriate relationships with Russia? https://t.co/QwgAQbAeIw  Laura Packard (@lpackard) March 28, 2017@lpackard @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/U3Iq6zNik3  Dyann (@Dyann057) March 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump Everyone s too preoccupied investigating your crooked dealings with Russia, etc   bless you for trying to deflect though.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) March 28, 2017Seriously? You re trying to recycle the stale, long-debunked  uranium deal  talking point AGAIN? @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/xRywjoWBTY  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) March 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump  Don t look at what I did to become President, look at those people over there! LOOK LOOK LOOK!  cx (@cxcope) March 28, 2017.@realDonaldTrump it s pathetic that you sit in your bathrobe infront of @FoxNews and tweet irrelevant shit!  Kenneth B Morris Jr (@kmorrisjr) March 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump why aren t you welcoming an investigation if you re innocent to clear the air  Mike Denison (@mikd33) March 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump Because they are nobody now. They don t matter and have no power. As opposed to, say, the President colluding with Russia.  Jeffrey Grubb (@JeffGrubb) March 28, 2017.@realDonaldTrump And these guys!! We need to get these guys!! Please contact Bullwinkle J. Moose!!! pic.twitter.com/7zPd7iSFLN  billy eichner (@billyeichner) March 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump Fox News:  We cannot have a country led by a president subject to ongoing criminal investigations  pic.twitter.com/eADaAVXbpR  William LeGate (@williamlegate) March 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump They re not President, you are. They re not in bed with Putin, you are. They re not under FBI investigation, you are.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) March 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump Is anyone else tired of winning yet? #TrumpRussia pic.twitter.com/XCryIbjXsO  #TheResistance (@AynRandPaulRyan) March 28, 2017Yes lil  Donnie is doing his level best to keep attention off of his growing scandal, his plummeting poll numbers, and his first massive failure. If he keeps this up, his poll numbers will fall to the lowest this country has literally ever seen in a president s first six months in office. Then his Twitter deflections will get really interesting.Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
1980, Chrissy Teigen Just Told Fox News To F*ck The F*ck Off In The Best Way Possible (TWEETS),"Hoo boy, Chrissy Teigen doesn t like Fox News. After United Airlines came under fire for banning a couple of teen girls from a flight because they were wearing leggings (which are apparently inappropriate dress in the eyes of an airline people are quickly abandoning), Fox News quoted the model s opposition to the business  ridiculous and puritanical decision that they are the arbiters of morality. I have flown United before with literally no pants on,  Teigen had said.  Just a top as a dress. Next time I will wear only jeans and a scarf. .@chrissyteigen speaks out against @united for banning girls from boarding their flight because they wore leggings. https://t.co/MfJossREO7 pic.twitter.com/h38GMWJL2B  Fox News (@FoxNews) March 27, 2017Embarrassingly for the right-wing propaganda network, however, Teigen wants nothing to do with them even if they are quoting her. I respectfully ask you please don t ever tag me in anything, ever,  Teigen replied.  Words cannot explain how much I detest you. @FoxNews I respectfully ask you please don't ever tag me in anything, ever. Words cannot explain how much I detest you.  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) March 27, 2017Almost immediately, Fox News fans began hate tweeting Teigen, but she simply retweeted their poorly-spelled screeds (we re mildly curious what, exactly,  back attach boobs  are, though):Following the onslaught from the Stupid Part of America, Teigen summed up the whole situation nicely:Lmao.  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) March 27, 2017Fox News is an embarrassment that should be ignored, but it s nice to see more people stepping up to condemn them for being horrible.Featured image via screengrab",0
1981, Sean Spicer Just Said Something About Trumpcare That Will Make Trump PISSED (DETAILS),"When Donald Trump fails, his team sure doesn t help make it any better.On Monday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer decided to pour salt in the gaping wound that was left when Trump and the GOP suffered a massive failure in gaining approval for their disastrous plan to repeal and replace Obamacare. The American Health Care Act, also known as Trumpcare, not only failed to get enough votes, but Trump pulled it from the House floor because it was such an obvious, humiliating defeat.In speaking to reporters during his daily briefing, Spicer likened Trumpcare to a  bad deal    which was a pretty odd thing to say, considering how much Trump has bragged about what a good negotiator and dealmaker he is. To diss something that Trump supported full-heartedly is definitely not going to make Trump happy. Spicer said: The president also recognizes that when there s not a deal to be made, when to walk away. It s not just about making deals. It s knowing when to walk away from deals and knowing [that] when there s a bad deal, that s the only solution. I think the president understood that where we were, that while you can get a deal at the time, that sometimes a bad deal is worse than getting a deal. And I think he smartly recognized that what was on the table was not going to be keeping with the vision that he had, and so he decided that this was not the time and that a deal was not at hand. Really, who needs critics when you have Spicer? It should also be noted that even after the bill failed, Trump was still praising the GOP s awful plan, stating that it just needed some improvement. Yet Spicer pretty much trashed Trumpcare, and said that the GOP s plan to do away with Obamacare (which they ve been bragging about for the last seven years) was a devastating fail. Looks like Trump really doesn t have a talent for making deals after all.Featured image via Ninian Reid / Flickr",0
1982, Trump’s ‘Deportation Force’ Storms Unarmed Legal Resident’s Home And Shoots Him,"A Chicago man is in critical condition after the mother of all epic f*ckups by Trump s  Deportation Force.  On Monday morning, ICE agents raided the home of Felix Torres. It is unclear why they would choose to raid the home   not a single person inside is undocumented   but apparently, we are not too concerned about accuracy when we kick down brownish people s doors in Trump s America.At approximately 6:00 a.m., immigration agents entered the home, refusing to tell any of the residents why they were there. According to officials, Torres pulled a gun on the armed men who had forced their way into his home and refused to explain their presence   Torres  family says that s utter hogwash. They didn t say anything. They just came in and pointed pistols in our faces and dragged us out,  Torres  daughter Carmen says, noting that she was not even allowed to dress or grab milk for her one-year-old daughter, who was sleeping when the armed men invaded the home.  It s a lie when they say he was holding a gun. He doesn t even own a gun,  she said.  They shot my dad. They shot him, and I don t know why. At least eight family members were in the house at the time, including numerous children. According to Carmen Torres, the family has lived there for  at least 30 years. We re going to have to talk to CPD to find out if this was a coordinated effort, because if it was in any way, that raises concerns about us as a sanctuary city,  36th Ward Alderman Gilbert Villegas said of the attack.  Is this our future in Chicago with Donald Trump as president? The community s got to be nervous about this, and rightfully so, because you have a right to be in your own home without being intimidated,  Villegas says.  I m conflicted because I haven t got all the details [of the incident] yet, but from the way this has started to play out, it looks like an overstep by an overzealous ICE agent who s just trying to follow Trump s orders. ICE officials say they were not at the home to arrest Torres, though they will nor provide further details. The victim was taken to a nearby hospital where his condition is listed as critical. The shooting is being investigated, though we probably can not expect much in terms of a reasonable resolution to the situation.Featured image via Facebook",0
1983, Even Dick Cheney Is Making The Case For Why There Needs To Be A New Election,"In a more innocent time, say, 2015, you d be hard pressed to find a person willing to call Dick Cheney a voice of reason, (except perhaps, when talking about his daughter s right to marry the woman she loves), but in a speech at the Economic Times  Global Business Summit, he appeared to be just that, only in his very neo-con way. Cheney called Russia s meddling in the 2016 election an  act of war. There s no question that there was a very serious effort made by Mr. Putin and his government, his organization, to interfere in major ways with our basic fundamental democratic processes,  said Cheney.  In some quarters that could be considered an act of war. I would not underestimate the weight that we as Americans assign to Russian attempts to interfere with our process,  said Cheney, finishing the thought.Source: Business InsiderFeeling a little conflicted? Who can blame you. For nearly 20 years, Dick Cheney has been itching to go to war with nearly anyone he can find. On the other hand, he s right. There is no more blatant an act of war than interference with our election. Even Cheney is saying that Trump is likely an illegitimate president, and this is a man who only held his office as Vice President because the Supreme Court overturned the will of the people.Of course, the problem with that is that the Constitution has no mechanism for dealing with another country stealing our election. We can, however, impeach, which might not put us in a much better position. Could Donald Trump s election be nullified by some legal process, if it was found that either the Russian interference could be deemed decisive in accomplishing Trump s victory, or that Trump and his team have somehow contravened the U.S. public interest through a treasonous relationship with the Russians? Article II of the United States Constitution states in Section 4 that  The President, Vice President, and all civil Officers of the United States shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other High Crimes and Misdemeanors. Source: Midas LetterThis, apparently, is exactly where we are. While the smoking gun might still be classified, it s becoming increasingly apparent that there is a smoking gun there are several smoking guns, all covered with the fingerprints of Trump and his associates.While this might be just another case of Cheney banging the war drums, he s still right. Russian interference was an act of war and while it shouldn t be addressed with bombs and boots on the ground, it should be addressed.Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
1984, Nunes ADMITS He Was Secretly At WH Right Before He Magically Found Source ‘Vindicating’ Trump,"If there is one upside to having this level of unchecked corruption running through the Trump White House it s that they aren t very good at hiding it.In yet another example of the lengths Trump s cronies will go to cover for him, the Republican House Intelligence Committee Chairman, Devin Nunes, was just exposed as having been secretly at the White House the night before he magically  discovered  an unnamed source that seemingly vindicated parts of Donald Trump s wiretapping claims. Nunes claims that this visit was harmless and wasn t about coordinating with Trump. And Nunes thinks you are stupid enough to believe that.Speaking to Eli Lake at Bloomberg, Nunes feigned innocence:In an interview Monday, Nunes told me that he ended up meeting his source on the White House grounds because it was the most convenient secure location with a computer connected to the system that included the reports, which are only distributed within the executive branch.  We don t have networked access to these kinds of reports in Congress,  Nunes said. He added that his source was not a White House staffer and was an intelligence official.But Daily Beast reporter Tim Mak   who recently broke the story that Nunes had disappeared the night before his  bombshell  came out   noted how ridiculous the premise was. Of course the House Intelligence Chairman has access to secure locations in the Capitol. He s the House Intelligence Committee Chairman. His whole job is working with sensitive information in a secure way.Just a reminder that the committee Nunes chairs has its own secure area, and he could have easily used that https://t.co/Z7E0cwkicl  Tim Mak (@timkmak) March 27, 2017Nunes was one of Trump s biggest supporters during the election. As head of the intelligence committee, he has repeatedly claimed that he is impartial enough to investigate Trump, but this latest exposure of malpractice might be the straw that breaks the camel s back. Nunes seems incapable of doing a single thing that doesn t point to his coordination with Donald Trump. Rather than investigate Trump, Nunes seems hellbent on providing cover for him.As if to reinforce that point, Nunes has yet to provide a shred of evidence to back up his claims that Trump was wrongfully surveilled. Ironically, the only thing he has done is bring up the possibility that Trump was incidentally recorded in FBI wiretaps of known criminals. He might want to avoid bringing that up the next time he secretly goes to the White House.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
1985," WATCH: After Facing Angry Constituents At Town Hall, GOP Rep Runs Out The Back Door","Just one day after Paul Ryan failed to garner support from his own base to repeal and replace Obamacare, a proposal alleged president Donald Trump staunchly supported, Rep. John Culberson (R-TX) had to face hundreds of angry constituents at a town hall in Texas on Saturday. Let s just say that he didn t have a good weekend.We ll give Culberson credit for at least showing up while many of his colleagues refuse to face their own constituents. There were claims that the angry constituents were paid protesters, but, to gain entry into the auditorium attendees had to prove their residency by showing either a photo I.D. with a current address or a photo I.D. with a current utility bill.Constituents packed into a Houston middle school auditorium that was filled to a capacity of 700 with many remaining outside. About 500 people remained in a line outside, shouting,  Let us in! Let us in!Culberson had to face questions about Donald Trump and the Republicans  agenda on health care. You know what, folks? I m either going to answer the question, or we re just going to spend the time yelling,  Culberson told his crowd of constituents, according to the Houston Chronicle.The Texas congressman told his constituents that even though Republicans failed to pass Trumpcare, he was still committed to repealing and replacing Obamacare. That, too, didn t go down well. The only way to fix it is to replace it,  he said while his constituents chanted,  Fix it,  the Texas Tribune reports.When asked about the amateur president s proposal to cut the State Department, Culberson said he did not support the cuts while the crowd chanted,  Yes or no. I just answered,  he responded.  The answer is no.   I ll work hard to protect the Department of State. Culberson was pretty much booed the entire time:He also said he would support funding for the National Institutes for Health and the National Endowment for the Arts, per the Texas Tribune. He told the crowd that he would support funding for public broadcasting in the short term, but that those programs should  ultimately  be self-supporting, which was met with boos from the crowd, according to the Houston Chronicle.Here s the video:As a shock to no one ever, Culberson said it is  up to the President  whether he releases his tax returns.Then, instead of taking questions from constituents who waited for an hour and a half outside and reporters who were behind him, Culberson quickly left through the back door after the town hall. Funny thing, when you try to take away healthcare from millions of Americans, they get mad.Image via screen capture. ",0
1986, Obama’s Press Secretary Just Got A New Job; Trump’s Going To HATE It (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is soon going to be unleashing even more  fake news  attacks on the media than ever before.It turns out that former President Barack Obama s Press Secretary, Josh Earnest, just got a new job   and it s definitely going to piss the entire Trump administration off. While most Americans miss seeing Earnest s press briefings   especially because he s been replaced by pathetic Sean Spicer   we will now be able to see him speak regularly as a political contributor for NBC News and MSNBC!NBC News President Noah Oppenheim and MSNBC President Phil Griffin made this announcement on Monday, and it s clear that they couldn t be happier with Earnest joining the team, considering his extensive political experience under Obama. The memo they circulated this morning said: We are pleased to announce that Josh Earnest will join NBC News and MSNBC as a Political Analyst. As you may have seen, he made his debut this morning on  Today  and  Morning Joe. Josh recently completed a ten-year run with President Obama, most recently serving as White House Press Secretary from 2014-2017.Josh joined the Obama presidential campaign in March 2007 as the Iowa communications director, and went on to serve as deputy communications director during the 2008 general election. Josh has also worked on numerous national, statewide and local campaigns over the course of his twenty years in politics. As expected, Earnest s debut was nothing but epic, and it s just what we would expect from the former Press Secretary after working closely with Obama for so many years. Earnest marked his first day in his new role in NBC s Today, where he didn t hesitate to talk about what a massive failure Trump was and how pathetic the GOP s plan to repeal and replace Obamacare was.You can watch Earnest s debut here:Featured image via Gage Skidmore / Flickr",0
1987, Paul Ryan Was So Desperate To Pass Failed Trumpcare Bill That He Got On His Knees To Beg For Votes,"This is what being pathetic looks like.House Speaker Paul Ryan was so desperate to secure Republican votes for his disastrous healthcare bill that he literally got down on his knees to beg one lawmaker for his support.As we all know, the floor vote was canceled on Thursday after it became clear that not enough Republicans were willing to support the bill.Donald Trump even met with and threatened Republicans with consequences if they didn t fall in line. But the meeting backfired as even more Republicans leaned against the bill after hearing Trump speak.The cancellation of Thursday s vote infuriated Trump, who proceeded to demand a vote on Friday and Republican leaders reluctantly caved.And so, Paul Ryan spent time fruitlessly begging his Republican colleagues to throw their support behind a bad bill that would have stripped healthcare from over 20 million Americans and caused the cost of healthcare premiums to skyrocket.One lawmaker Ryan approached was Alaska Rep. Don Young.According to the Washington Post, Ryan actually got down on one knee to beg Young to endorse the bill.Leaders continued to plead with individual lawmakers to support the measure well into Thursday night, with the House Rules Committee slated to meet early Friday morning to consider the proposed changes.Ryan got down on a knee to plead with Rep. Don Young, an 83-year-old from Alaska who is the longest-serving Republican in Congress and remains undecided.But Young ignored Ryan desperate plea and remained in opposition and even praised the cancellation of Friday s vote a  victory for Alaska. My job is to represent those people in that state, and I think we did this this week,  Young told Alaska Dispatch News.  I work with (House Speaker Paul Ryan), don t get me wrong   the speaker talked to me quite a bit. But it didn t come to a point where I could support this bill. He needed my vote. Yeah, he needed it so much that he begged for it on bended knee. Sad!Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
1988, Dan Rather: Trump’s First Two Months In Office Is Worst Start He’s Ever Seen,"Legendary newsman Dan Rather has lived through and covered several presidencies so he knows what he s talking about.Rather was just a boy of 13 when Franklin D. Roosevelt died in 1945. In 1950, he began his career in journalism while Harry Truman was in office.Since then, Rather has witnessed every presidential beginning and has even reported on them.And according to Rather, Donald Trump s first two months in the presidency are the worst he has ever seen.Rather posted his observation on Facebook early Monday morning, even going so far as to quip that the only president who had a worse start was William Henry Harrison, who died one month after being sworn in.We re roughly two months into the Trump Presidency, and it is the worst start to a time in office I have ever seen. I am not alone in this conclusion. Many Presidential scholars are saying it s the worst start of any Presidency in the history of the country.Now William Henry Harrison in 1841 talked too long in the cold of his inauguration. He caught pneumonia and died a month later. So, yes, I suppose you could say that his time was worse.One of those Presidential scholars is Douglas Brinkley, who said that that Trump s administration is so bad that treason is hanging over it. This is the most failed first 100 days of any president,  Brinkley concluded.Rather then briefly listed some of Trump s failures.So after two tumultuous, chaotic and in many ways outrageous months (an embarrassing defeat on ACA repeal, the deepening Russia probe, the striking down of the travel ban) where do we stand? Where does all of this go?Rather went on to warn the American people that  a weak President running a weak, ragtag administration is a prescription for trouble. Trouble internationally could come from enemies and other competitors who may see opportunities for advantage and overreach. Trouble internally could easily come from a worried, divided nation, and opportunistic ideologues and politicians who try to exploit the situation.Rather concluded by urging people to remain vigilant and continue fighting.Donald Trump and his entire administration is a bad joke. He has turned our nation into a laughingstock around the world and has repeatedly demonstrated that he is incompetent.Trump should resign before he embarrasses our country and himself even further.Featured Image: Matthew Eisman/Getty Images",0
1989, BREAKING: Devin Nunes Is Now The Subject Of A CRIMINAL Complaint To The FBI,"Embattled House Intel Chairman, Devin Nunes (R-CA), has been reported to the FBI for corruption. The criminal complaint, filed by Scott Dworkin of the Democratic Coalition Against Trump, seems to include Nunes  failure to disclose the fact that he s got all his money sunk into a winery with heavy ties to Russia (which means he s got a conflict of interest). It may also includ his admission that he had an obligation to inform Trump that some of his transition team s communications got swept up in a foreign surveillance operation.Nunes is definitely compromised, which is worth investigating.Dworkin can t make the details of his complaint public, but he did say that Nunes is unethical and that he was working on just such a complaint earlier today:RT if u think Devin Nunes is unethicalI doI m finishing our House Ethics Complaint on him now#NunesMustResign #trumprussia #russiagate  Scott Dworkin (@funder) March 26, 2017Then he tweeted the news that his criminal complaint had officially been filed, along with the FBI s explanation of their public corruption program. One of the things they do is work to  identify any connection to terrorism or foreign intelligence that would pose and imminent threat to national security.  The entire fact sheet is below:#BREAKING:Rep Devin Nunes Reported to FBI Office of Public Corruption for Russian Business Connections & Fraud #nunesmustresign #trumprussia pic.twitter.com/8lDDzVQtwd  Scott Dworkin (@funder) March 24, 2017Something has to be done since Nunes doesn t seem to be willing to resign his post at this time, and he s guilty of both a lie of omission regarding his business investments, and of sabotaging an official investigation into whether the Trump campaign (and possibly, his administration) colluded with Russia.Whether the FBI will take this up is anybody s guess. They should, though, because Nunes has proven that he s compromised, which further drives us into the morass that is the Russian scandal.Featured image by Drew Angerer via Getty Images",0
1990, Fox News Frantically Tries To Cover Up Trump’s 13th Golf Trip And Absolutely NOBODY Is Buying It,"It s not clear whether Trump called in a favor or Fox News decided to impress the new boss by taking the initiative, but in any case the most hamfisted attempt to lie on Trump s behalf just came out of the Fox News official Twitter account. It did not go well.Following a weekend in which Trump visited his own Virginia golf course twice and took the night off to have a large dinner at his own DC hotel, Fox News released an urgent  news alert : Pay No Attention To The Man Behind The Curtain, Nothing To See Here!News Alert: @POTUS spending weekend working at the White House. pic.twitter.com/kAtZVQE2Mr  Fox News (@FoxNews) March 26, 2017Setting aside for a moment the sheer lunacy of the bar being set so low for Donald Trump that spending three consecutive days in the official presidential residence is considered worthy of a  news alert,  the statement was a complete and total lie. There are photographs that prove Trump was not in the White House this weekend. They also prove that he wasn t working this weekend   at any location. He appears to have spent much of the past three days golfing.Here s Trump watching the Golf Channel with a few friends at his golf resort in Virginia on Sunday morning:Someone just posted this on Instagram from Trump s golf club. POTUS appears to be watching Golf Channel with 2 other people. pic.twitter.com/5LpVRHR1Do  Steve Kopack (@SteveKopack) March 26, 2017And here s Trump in golf attire at the same golf course the previous day, shortly before another photograph emerged of him on the course in a golf cart:@BraddJaffy just saw this on IG: pic.twitter.com/96kIwnAFHS  Alex Marshall (@a_r_marshall) March 25, 2017And here s Trump s own staff admitting he played all 18 holes on Saturday.Trump golfed 18 holes yesterday on the ""championship"" course here with the club pro and a club member, fellow members tell me today. pic.twitter.com/pnyOYajRAj  Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) March 26, 2017And here s Trump heading to his DC hotel to throw a dinner for himself and his friends on Saturday night. (Not sure what the occasion was, but it certainly wasn t in celebration of the healthcare bill he and Paul Ryan failed to pass the day before.)The press pool has arrived at the Trump International Hotel where the president is going to have dinner.  Adrian Carrasquillo (@Carrasquillo) March 26, 2017Fox News has been working hand-in-hand with Trump since the inauguration but this lie was so monumentally bold that the internet was having none of it. Thankfully, the comments under the tweet made it clear that absolutely nobody was buying this cover up.News Alert: Ferris Bueller sick and snoring loudly in his bedroom. https://t.co/FK20XuMt7L  Nick (@NickSchug) March 26, 2017Why would a supposed news organization propagate such an absurd falsehood when there's widespread proof to the contrary? pic.twitter.com/v4dZdISHKp  Matt McDermott (@mattmfm) March 26, 2017He was at his golf course earlier today. @FoxNews pic.twitter.com/2KSGl8qddr  Erick Fernandez (@ErickFernandez) March 26, 2017.@FoxNews fixed it for you pic.twitter.com/u5A1Y8gbJr  Matt McDermott (@mattmfm) March 26, 2017@FoxNews @POTUS Do any of you ever feel bad when you think about your long-ago dreams of being real journalists?  Dennis Perkins (@DennisPerkins5) March 26, 2017As one user put it: Come on, Fox News, have a little self-respect.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
1991, California Governor Delivers HARSH Message To Donald Trump; He’s Messing With The Wrong State (VIDEO),"It s no secret that Californians aren t really fans of Donald Trump and Trump can t stand California. California rejected Trump during the election by a whopping 30 percent margin. In turn, Trump has called the most populous state in the union,  out of control,  and threatened to withhold money if they don t bend to Trump s will. California s governor, Jerry Brown, on Meet the Press on Sunday, said Trump would be picking a fight with the wrong governor.At specific issue is that fact that many of California s cities are sanctuary cities, which means it s safe for undocumented residents to report crimes without fear of deportation. Now, anyone with half a brain knows that people reporting crimes is one of the biggest weapons against criminals, but Trump tells his supporters that sanctuary cities are hotbeds of danger. They aren t. In fact because people can report crime, they are typically safer.California is not backing down to Trump s bullying. If he pulls funding from California, California is going to retaliate and that s the last thing Trump wants. We do have something called the ninth and the tenth amendment,  he stated.  The federal government just can t arbitrarily for political reasons punish the State of California, that s number one. Number two, California is America. We re 12 percent. We re a key part. The export capital going into the Pacific. We re the innovation capital, high tech, agriculture, 40 to 50 billion dollar industry. You don t want to mess with California because you re going to mess with the economy, and that could blow up in your face in a gigantic recession, and roll the Republicans right out of this town. Source: NBC NewsHere s the video: Brown isn t just talking out his you-know-what. Without California, the country is in a whole lot of hurt. Not only is it the largest state, it s also the 6th largest economy in the world. Its economy surpasses France and India. Or, if Trump voters need to see something a bit more tangible, let s just say that without California, the cost of food (if you can find it) will go through the roof.California produces a sizable majority of many American fruits, vegetables, and nuts: 99 percent of artichokes, 99 percent of walnuts, 97 percent of kiwis, 97 percent of plums, 95 percent of celery, 95 percent of garlic, 89 percent of cauliflower, 71 percent of spinach, and 69 percent of carrots (and the list goes on and on).Without California, supply of all these products in the United States and abroad would dip, and in the first few years, a few might be nearly impossible to find. Orchard-based products in particular, such as nuts and some fruits, would take many years to spring back.Price surges would eventually become the larger issue. Rising prices would force Americans to consume more grains, which are locked in a complicated price-dependent relationship with fresh fruits, vegetables, and meats. When the price of produce increases, people eat more grain. When the price of grain drops, people eat more fruits and vegetables. (In fact, in some parts of the world, wheat and rice are the only proven  Giffen goods a product in which decreasing prices lead to decreasing demand.) Young people and the poor in America, more than others, eat less fresh food when prices rise.Source: SlateBeyond that, though, could you imagine, if just once, President Obama threatened to pull funding from, let s say, Texas   a state which was consistently hostile to the Democratic President. Republicans and many Democrats would have had a fit and they would have been right. Donald Trump works for us, all of us, not just the people who voted for him. It s time he learn that and Jerry Brown is the perfect person to teach the lesson.Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
1992, The Internet Goes For Newt Gingrich’s Throat Over Old Tweet About Obama Golfing,"Donald Trump repeatedly attacked former President Barack Obama each time he went golfing but the alleged billionaire has just taken his 13th golfing trip in the two months he s been on the job. Each one of Trump s defenders seems to have an old tweet blasting Obama for his golf trips, which pale in comparison to Trump s lavish vacations. Last week, White House press secretary Sean Spicer tried to explain why golfing trips are OK for Trump but were not OK for Obama. And now we have Newt Gingrich s old tweet coming back to haunt him.The disgraced former House Speaker tweeted in 2013,  Trump and president obsma both golf but trump doesn t charge the taxpayers $920,000 for a golf weekend in florida. Trump and president obsma both golf but trump doesn't charge the taxpayers $920,000 for a golf weekend in florida.  Newt Gingrich (@newtgingrich) March 8, 2013We can only assume Gingrich meant Obama, not  obsma. Well, he did inadvertently get that right. Each time Trump goes to his Mar-a-Lago resort, it costs taxpayers $3 million, not $920,000. The alleged president is on track to spend $1 billion in 4 years to house his wife in New York City and vacationing in Mar-a-Lago virtually every week.The Internet pounced on Gingrich s hypocritical tweet.@newtgingrich hey newt, it's so cool how you're not even embarrassed to shart in public.  Victor Huckabee (@popesaintvictor) March 26, 2017@newtgingrich are you drunk?  Paolo Bacigalupi (@paolobacigalupi) March 26, 2017@newtgingrich you're right. it costs $3million and a lot of that goes to his properties. so fuck him and fuck you too.  cx (@cxcope) March 26, 2017@newtgingrich pic.twitter.com/FFTopYDeMU  Elad Nehorai (@PopChassid) March 26, 2017@newtgingrich you're so lucky being a huge hypocrite piece of shit doesn't matter anymore.  Joe Berkowitz (@JoeBerkowitz) March 26, 2017.@newtgingrich pic.twitter.com/iIhyRRF5Pf  Ira Madison III (@ira) March 26, 2017@newtgingrich I'd blame your fat, leave-your-dying-wife fingers on the typo here but it's prob some WP way to be racist.Also, on the golf pic.twitter.com/QowQNlTz4O  Dane Rauschenberg (@SeeDaneRun) March 26, 2017@newtgingrich Kushner/Trump ski trip reportedly ""required"" nearly 100 secret service agents. You think THAT wasn't on the taxpayer's dime?  Bill Shapiro (@Bill_Shapiro) March 26, 2017@katiedolan look whose ski trip we just paid for! pic.twitter.com/MxSrRbW7jS  Jeffrey Correa (@JCorreaNYC) March 26, 2017@newtgingrich You're right. It's closer to $3 million, I think.  Maria Langer ? (@mlanger) March 26, 2017@newtgingrich How full of shit are you? The man is spending millions to golf, security, staff, AirForce1, Your lies are embarrassing. #HACK  Christopher Titus (@TitusNation) March 26, 2017@newtgingrich u drunk?  Brian Tower (@notryanpower) March 26, 2017@newtgingrich No He charges $3 million  The Monster (@boris3324) March 26, 2017@susana_holzer @newtgingrich each of Trump's weekend trips  to his own estate  has cost 3 million. Do the math.  Social Media Poison (@coreypierceart) March 26, 2017@Marbs84 @newtgingrich @slack2thefuture Today was golf outing # 12 in 9 wks in office. Newt, I think trump golfs more than he presidents.  Connie (@ceejchris82) March 26, 2017@newtgingrich no, but the Secret Service does. Maybe shut the fuck up instead of always opening your giant, privileged white cakehole.  The Duke Of Winjer  (@jamesmielke) March 26, 2017@newtgingrich boy you're gonna be real mad when you find out how much his trips to Mar-A-Lego cost each weekend, huh  Victoria McNally (@vqnerdballs) March 26, 2017Gingrich s hypocrisy is duly noted. The former House Speaker has been strangely quiet over Donald Trump s repeated trips to the golf course, and what s really disturbing is that he regularly goes golfing at Trump-owned golf clubs, meaning that there is another conflict of interest for us to deal with. Trump is literally profiting from his  presidency. In 2011, the former reality show star tweeted,  I play golf to relax. My company is in great shape. @BarackObama plays golf to escape work while America goes down the drain. Meanwhile, Trump broke another campaign promise, this one to repeal and replace Obamacare. Instead, he offered tax breaks for the wealthy while throwing the elderly, veterans and lower-income Americans under the bus. Then he went golfing after his plan failed miserably.Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images with added tweet. ",0
1993," Trump Insulted German Leader On First Visit, Gave Her A ‘Bill’ For NATO (DETAILS)","The fact that German Chancellor Angela Merkel is no fan of Donald Trump is no secret. However, being the diplomatic, experienced world leader that she is, Chancellor Merkel took the time she was forced to spend at the White House with Trump in stride. She smiled at the cameras at all the right times, held a joint presser with him, and was cordial to all, as real world leaders do. This all comes as Trump insulted Merkel more than once during the visit. We all know that he infamously embarrassed our nation by petulantly refusing to shake the Chancellor s hand, and now, there is a new report out that Trump actually gave Merkel an  invoice  for expenses that he believes Germany owes for defenses provided by the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).According to The Hill via a report from The Times of London, Trump s insane bill  charges  Merkel roughly 300 billion pounds. A response from a German minister on Trump s childish stunt was predictably and deservedly scathing, essentially saying that Merkel has no intentions of stooping to Trump s level: The concept behind putting out such demands is to intimidate the other side, but the chancellor took it calmly and will not respond to such provocations. The same minister said that Merkel, quote,  ignored the provocations.  Of course, the White House says that Trump never gave Merkel the invoice, but that s likely just another lie to cover up for Trump s petulant, childish, and internationally embarrassing behavior.In fact, it is perfectly plausible that Trump gave Merkel this  invoice,  because he had already had aides calculate just how much below 2 percent of Germany s Gross Domestic Product (GDP) was spent on NATO defense in the last 12 years. Countries within NATO all commit to spending 2 percent of their GDP annually to support NATO. Trump even had the people doing the calculations add interest.This is just beyond embarrassing. Here is another ally we are on the rocks with, all because we have a president who acts like a whiny school yard bully instead of leader of the free world.Featured image Cheriss May/NurPhoto via Getty Images",0
1994, Hannity Just Fired Off An ABSURD Tweet At CBS For Koppel Interview – Twitter SHREDS Him For It,"Sean Hannity is pissed. Really pissed. Earlier today, he appeared on CBS   Sunday Morning  for an interview with veteran ABC News anchor Ted Koppel, which didn t go well for him. In that interview, Hannity did his level best to keep Koppel from making his point (meaning he was interrupting Koppel every chance he got), but Koppel wasn t having it. He literally said that he thinks Hannity and his ilk are  bad for America,  and dropped the hammer on why: You have attracted people who are determined that ideology is more important than fact. That s the truth, and Hannity doesn t like it. In a way, he s like Trump   he s not wrong, everyone else is wrong. Whether or not he agrees with something is what determines whether it is a fact. So, like his idol, President Cheeto McTinyhands, he took to Twitter to blast CBS for editing the interview the way they did: Fake Edited News  @CBSNews release the Unedited 45 minute interview so people can see the BS games you play in the edit room. I dare you! https://t.co/prynzE2yLQ  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) March 26, 2017 Fake Edited News,  and then a demand that they air the entire 45-minute interview is classic Donald Trump. But what can we expect? It s been obvious for a long time that he s in love with Trump. Now he s even copying him, so when can we expect Hannity to start stalking him?More to the point, though, as someone who himself conducts on-air interviews that have time constraints on them, Hannity is acting extremely hypocritically here. He also just made himself look incredibly dumb   both things with which Twitter is having a field day:@seanhannity Has your show ever edited an interview or cut one short due to time constraints?Or are you just a massive hypocrite? @CBSNews  Steven Buckley (@StevenJCBuckley) March 26, 2017@seanhannity @CBSNews look at you using daddy s  quote  marks. You re a joke. Ted made you look the fool you are. #yourenext  Stefanie Sealy (@stefsealy) March 26, 2017@seanhannity @CBSNews you re such a snowflake  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) March 26, 2017@MyTurn1960 @seanhannity @CBSNews @Mediaite so much winning! So so so much winning ??  Loveandlight (@momofbaybry) March 26, 2017@seanhannity you poor poor baby snowflake. Did your feewings get a widdle bit hurt?  kevin ?? collins (@voxkev) March 26, 2017@seanhannity @CBSNews he spot on nailed you and called you out and you know he s right. Deal with it, bro.  Poundstone (@Poundstone12) March 26, 2017@seanhannity @CBSNews @Mediaite If anyone is fake, biased, manipulated news it s you Hannity! Take criticism like a man or get off the air.  Mary Alice Bishop (@MaryAliceBisho2) March 26, 2017@VickieBergeron5 Studies have shown people who watch Fox are LESS informed than people that don t watch television. #PeskyFacts  Alternative Trump (@LoserInChief) March 26, 2017.@seanhannity @CBSNews Were you really expecting to be treated as a real journalist by a real journalist?  Andrew Murphy (@amurphous) March 26, 2017@seanhannity Oh Sean. Just say  I m so mad cuz Ted made me stop interrupting and then skewered me.  Want me to say it with you? @CBSNews  Catherine N. (@catherinemom23) March 26, 2017@seanhannity @CBSNews You are bad for America. There s nothing fake about that.  John Doherty (@Babababootsiea) March 26, 2017It s really time for Hannity to get his head out of his ass. He was nailed, he knows it, and now, like his hero in the White House, he s going to whine about it on Twitter. Poor guy. Our hearts bleed pink carbonated peanut butter for him.Featured image by Joe Raedle via Getty Images",0
1995, Watch Legendary Reporter Ted Koppel Tell Hannity Right To His Face He’s Bad For America (VIDEO),"With the cool, calm authority that comes with decades of being one of the most well-respected newsman in journalism, Ted Koppel flat-out told Sean Hannity that he and his show are destroying America from within. He did it right to Sean Hannity s face. And he didn t even hesitate.In what is perhaps one of the best moments of television in 2017, Koppel sat down with Hannity to discuss journalism and politics during a broadcast of CBS Sunday Morning. Hannity, who has spent the last year or so working as a de facto propagandist for Donald Trump from his chair at Fox News, was clearly not ready for the truthbombs Koppel was about to drop. Hannity s expression goes from amusement to surprise to anger to genuine fear as Koppel laid out why the Fox host is awful.HANNITY: Do you think I m bad for America? KOPPEL: Yeah. HANNITY: You do? KOPPEL (nodding): In the long-haul, I think you and all these opinion shows [are].Hannity starts to interrupt Koppel at several times. Koppel calmly regains control of the interview and continues with this brutal reminder: You have attracted people who are determined that ideology is more important than fact. He s not exaggerating. Fox News viewers have been repeatedly shown to be among the least informed people in the country. A 2014 analysis of Fox News found that over half of all statements said on the network were  false. Hannity, in particular, ranks among the worst propagator of  fake news  in the country. Politifact observed that Hannity lies at least half of the times they checked him. And Trump has actually made Hannity worse.Somewhere around election day something in Hannity s brain finally snapped. Always a right-wing flack, Hannity has taken it upon himself to be Trump s most blindly loyal cheerleader. There is quite possibly no act too depraved for Trump to commit that would make Hannity criticize it. His blatant sycophancy is widely seen as the least subtle on Fox.It s easy to see why a man like that covering for relentless liar Donald Trump is really, really bad for America.Featured image via Twitter / h/t @yashar",0
1996, Someone Just Showed What Trump Was Doing At His Golf Club While He Said He Was In ‘Meetings’ (PHOTO),"One day after Trump had his 12th golfing trip as president he returned to his golf club in Virginia for lucky number 13.Like yesterday, Trump told pool reporters he was at serious  meetings.  He spent just 55 minutes at the golf resort he owns. How did he attend so many serious meetings in so little time? Easy. He didn t.And his lie quickly unraveled.During the time in which he was said to be in meetings, an Instagram user posted a picture of Trump sitting in a deserted dining room  watching the Golf Channel.Someone just posted this on Instagram from Trump's golf club. POTUS appears to be watching Golf Channel with 2 other people. pic.twitter.com/5LpVRHR1Do  Steve Kopack (@SteveKopack) March 26, 2017So even when he s not actually golfing, Trump is watching other people golf. What he isn t doing is actually running the country. Each of his trips costs anywhere between hundreds of thousand and millions of dollars.Making matters worse, it s been just two days since Trump failed to deliver on his promise to repeal and replace Obamacare. The bill he and Paul Ryan proposed was so incredibly awful that it failed to even reach a House vote (despite Republicans having an overwhelming majority of seats). The next day he flew to his Virginia golf course where he   you guessed it   got caught golfing.Pool was told Trump was in meetings at Trump National this afternoon. This Instagram photo posted from the course says otherwise pic.twitter.com/WMudqofGmO  Josh Billinson (@jbillinson) March 25, 2017Trump is extremely bad at lying about what he is doing. Apparently the notion that people at his golf clubs might take pictures proving he s doing the thing he promised he would never do as president never occurred to Trump. He remains either oblivious or willfully defiant of the critics.Unreal.Featured image via Twitter",0
1997, Trump Accidentally Makes Democrats Look Great During Angry Tirade About His Failed Healthcare Bill,"Less than 24 hours after Trump claimed he would be exclusively blaming Democrats for not endorsing his bill to uninsure 24 million people, he was lashing out at Republicans instead. He just couldn t help himself.The meltdown began last night as Trump used his Twitter account to promote Fox News  Jeanine Pirro s Saturday night show. When people tuned in, they saw Pirro go on a vicious assault against Paul Ryan, demanding he step down as Speaker of the House. Trump, apparently too much of a coward to say it himself, wants you to know how much he hates Paul Ryan.The next morning, his temper had only gotten worse. Not leaving it to Paul Ryan, Trump lashed out at conservative Republicans for not properly supporting the bill.Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood & Ocare!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 26, 2017The tweet was particularly awkward because it was disturbingly true  Yes, Democrats are smiling following the disastrous Trumpcare misfire. Things like Planned Parenthood and Obamacare provide life-saving resources to tens of millions of people. Preserving those things is something worth smiling about. The fact that Trump and Paul Ryan humiliated themselves in the process only makes those smiles a little broader.MSNBC s Lawrence O Donnell observed:I'm smiling at you attacking the people you need on your next vote. Please keep doing this. Please! https://t.co/5deg1puxyU  Lawrence O'Donnell (@Lawrence) March 26, 2017Trump s latest meltdown   directed exclusively at Republicans   signals the sheer chaos that s rippling through the GOP following their healthcare fail. The implosion was so spectacular that nobody seems to be able to agree on a coherent message. Trump, for his part, has oscillated between  I m not mad!  and spittle-laden fury. He may have even found a scapegoat  Reince Priebus.Source close to @POTUS says he's being advised to replace @Reince45 & is open to possibility   healthcare was last straw  Tara Palmeri (@tarapalmeri) March 25, 2017But if anyone is squarely to blame for the GOP s failure to repeal and replace Obamacare it s Trump himself, who spent a truly embarrassing lack of time on trying to accomplish it. Here s a typical write-up of Trump s involvement in the legislative process:Despite the proclamations of Paul Ryan, Sean Spicer, and others to spin Trump s participation in the AHCA push as some impressive feat of presidential prowess, several reports indicate that Trump was mostly disengaged from the process, divided over its merits, and only involved himself at the last minute, largely out of ego.The perception among lawmakers and White House insiders was that Trump was never personally invested in the bill, repeatedly asking aides if they thought it was good or not, typically prompted by the consistently negative media coverage of the bill that Trump was watching, according to the Washington Post.Many people, some even close to the president, admitted that they didn t believe Trump actually knew what was in the bill.The fact that he s now using his own shoddy leadership as a pretext to go to war with his own political party is music to any liberal s ears. This is a man whose ego is so large that he would rather burn every bridge he has than accept the fact that he botched the rollout of a complicated bill through incompetence and indifference. Instead he s incoherently lashing out at anyone he can think of: Democrats, Paul Ryan, Reince Priebus, the entire Republican Party.What a piece of work.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
1998, Kremlin Threatens Trump: Stop Leaking Like A Colander Or We’ll Release Info," Snitches get stitches  is Kremlin s message to the United States   at least according to Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova, anyway. Discussing Rex Tillerson s planned visit to Russia, Zakharova complained about the leaks coming out of the Trump administration:First, the US Department of State asked us to keep the planned visit quiet and not to announce it until the last possible minute, until we coordinated the date. We did as they asked. But a day or two later the information was leaked by the US State Department and sometimes by the US administration. Frankly, this put Russia and the media in a strange situation, because they didn t know who to believe   the official agencies or the many leaks.If the Trump administration continues leaking like a colander, she says, there will be consequences:Also, I would like to say that if the practice of leaking information that concerns not just the United States but also Russia, which has become a tradition in Washington in the past few years, continues, there will come a day when the media will publish leaks about the things that Washington asked us to keep secret, for example, things that happened during President Obama s terms in office. Believe me, this could be very interesting information.Recently, Trump has been in a panic trying to contain leaks   particularly about his and his administration s relationship with Russia.At this point, it is fair to ask: what do they have on him and other Republicans? Is this threat to release Obama-era information a veiled warning to The Donald to plug the holes through which facts are slipping?Featured image via Getty Images (Mikhail Svetlov/Pool)",0
1999," Republicans Turn On Trump, Throw Him Under The Bus For F*cking Up Health Care Plan (DETAILS)","When Republicans celebrated Donald Trump s undeserved election victory, they probably never imagined he d damage the party as badly as he already has in just nine weeks.This week, Trump once again embarrassed the GOP by messing up their first attempt to repeal and replace Obamacare. Not only did Trump fail to sell the disastrous American Health Care Act, but he pulled the bill on Friday. Understandably, Republicans are pissed that Trump conducted things this way, and are distancing themselves from him more than ever. In fact, they re blaming him and saying that he and the White House had been an obstacle from the start, setting them up for failure. One House Republican (who wanted to remain anonymous) said: Their heart was not in the healthcare battle. Think about the level of intensity on the executive orders for the travel ban, or on the wiretapping claims. He certainly checked the boxes on healthcare, to his credit. But it s self-evident there was not a certain level of intensity devoted to this. Trump and his minions have countered this claim, with Press Secretary Sean Spicer issuing a statement on Saturday: The president and vice president left everything on the field  They were making calls and having members to the White House all week. In total, we spoke or met with over 120 members of Congress. And yet, this doesn t seem to add up, considering that Trump s daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared Kushner were nowhere to be found as sh*t was hitting the fan on Friday. Kushner, who is one of Trump s key advisors, was actually skiing with Ivanka in Aspen as House Republicans tried to pass their horrible health care bill and failed. And it s not just Kushner they re pissed at   it s Trump himself.According to House staffers and other GOPers, Trump didn t seem focused when in meetings concerning the Obamacare repeal. Another unnamed Republican said: Halfway through that meeting, he stopped to talk about Gorsuch. His mind was bouncing around. I never felt they were dialed into this. Maybe next time the GOP will think twice about letting a five-year-old become their party s nominee. What we re witnessing here is the breakdown of the Republican Party, and it s so humiliating that we almost feel bad for them. Almost.Featured image is a screenshot",0
2000," Sean Spicer’s Twitter History Comes Back To Bite Him In The Ass, Trump PISSED (TWEETS)","No matter what Donald Trump does or where he goes, he s never actually doing the right thing and fulfilling his duties as POTUS.One might think that after suffering such a monstrous fail with his American Health Care Act, the president might double down and get right back to work on his quest to somehow  improve  Obamacare, which he insists is awful despite the fact the Americans overwhelmingly approve of it. But no   instead, Trump decided to spend his Saturday the way he s spent pretty much every Saturday since he became president   by playing golf.In the short 9 weeks of his presidency, Trump has already gone golfing 12 times   which is far more than any of his predecessors and former President Barack Obama, whom Trump once criticized for taking any downtime to play golf. Trump has been getting blasted for his weekend golfing getaways, and the White House has gone to great lengths to hide it:However, Trump s cover was blown when some Instagram photographs of Trump surfaced, revealing to Americans what Trump REALLY does when he has his  meetings. Pool was told Trump was in meetings at Trump National this afternoon. This Instagram photo posted from the course says otherwise pic.twitter.com/WMudqofGmO  Josh Billinson (@jbillinson) March 25, 2017As you can imagine, the internet didn t take kindly to being lied to, and went after Trump. One of the gems that resurfaced from this Twitter attack was this amazing old tweet from White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer   which is going to basically make Trump explode:Wow. That s one tweet Spicer probably wish he d never posted during Obama s presidency, because now it s insulting HIS boss! To make this even more humiliating for Spicer and Trump, Spicer recently defended Trump s  privacy  when he was questioned about how often Trump golfs.Twitter is basically losing it over this hypocrisy, and we can t help but laugh along:@seanspicer ? pic.twitter.com/pw2LQVmW1h  Parts Unknown (@nia_negasi) March 25, 2017   Featured images via Gage Skidmore / Flickr",0
2001, WATCH: FBI May Have VERY High-Level Witness To Blow Russia Scandal Apart,"CNN is reporting that Trump s disgraced national security adviser, Gen. Michael Flynn, may be the key to blowing apart the Russia scandal. Three of four key people, including Carter Page, Roger Stone and Paul Manafort, who have their own suspicious ties to Russia, have volunteered to speak to the House Intelligence Committee, but we haven t heard from Flynn recently. CNN s sources explain why: It is starting to look like, from my sources and then also from open reporting, that Mike Flynn is the one who may have a deal with the FBI, and that s why we have not heard from him for some time. It sounds somewhat uncertain and it is right now. However, Seth Abramson, who s an attorney and also a professor at the University of New Hampshire, broke it down this way:(1) First, as an attorney I want to make clear that, if this @CNN analyst s sources are correct, the #Russiagate scandal is blown wide open.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017(2) The FBI flips witnesses, turning them into cooperating individuals, _only_ when they can help secure conviction of a bigger  target.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017(3) Michael Flynn was the National Security Adviser for the President of the United States. The only _bigger_ target is Donald J. Trump.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017(4) But Flynn also held a clandestine meeting with Russian ambassador/spy Sergey Kislyak and Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner in December  16.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017(5) And Flynn coordinated with infamous Iran-Contra figure and Russian oil/gas pipeline advocate Bud McFarlane in hiring Trump s Deputy NSA.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017(6) And of course Flynn had the highest possible clearance and greatest possible access to POTUS in discussing matters of national security.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017(7) Flynn s hire as NSA was controversial even suspicious when it was made due to Flynn s absolutely _terrible_ reputation in Washington.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017(8) This suggests the hire wasn t based on merit, but rather the fact that Flynn is _known_ to have ties (in-person ties) to Vladimir Putin.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017(9) We should conclude from the foregoing that Flynn was in the best position of _anyone_ involved in #Russiagate to see _all_ its contours.  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017(10) Given all of the above, we can say that if any one person could bring down Trump due to #Russiagate, it s the man the FBI may now have. pic.twitter.com/sLwjBTVTcF  Seth Abramson (@SethAbramson) March 25, 2017There are reports that Flynn s spokesperson has said that Flynn will neither confirm nor deny whether he s cooperating with the FBI at this time.This is a developing story that s worth keeping an eye on, because this scandal is snowballing as more information comes out. Should CNN s story come to pass, then everyone involved, including Trump, will be in a world of shit.Even Devin Nunes, who keeps insisting that finding the leakers is mre important than getting to the bottom of the scandal, won t be able to maintain his position.Featured image by Kevin Hagen via Getty Images",0
2002, Rep. Ted Lieu Torches ‘Evil’ Donald Trump Over His Cruel Approach To Healthcare (TWEETS),"Donald Trump and Paul Ryan thought they d get to pass what could possibly be described as the most cruel approach to healthcare imaginable this past week. However, they couldn t even get members of their own party to go along with what was clearly a disaster. To that end, Trump, never one to take the blame for anything himself, decided to blame the Democrats for not voting with him on his horrible bill   even though it could have passed through the House of Representatives without so much as a single Democratic vote. Now that this excuse won t fly, Trump is back to his old line: Let Obamacare  explode. Well, Representative Ted Lieu (D-CA) is calling Trump on his horrible approach to handling the Affordable Care Act. Taking to Trump s own favorite platform, Twitter, Rep. Lieu said to Trump: President Donald Trump: You truly are an evil man. Your job is to help Americans. Not intentionally try to destroy their lives. ""President"" @realDonaldTrump: You truly are an evil man. Your job is to help Americans. Not intentionally try to destroy their lives. https://t.co/2M94E1g39b  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) March 25, 2017Rep. Lieu them went on to remind Trump of the oath he took when he assumed the office of the presidency:Mr. ""President"": Art II of Constitution requires you to faithfully execute laws passed by Congress. Subverting #Obamacare violates your Oath https://t.co/2M94E1g39b  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) March 25, 2017So, in other words, if Trump tries to sabotage the law, he will be in violation of his Oath of Office. Then again, he violates it every day, so what s one more instance of said violations, right?Ted Lieu is correct, though. Donald Trump is evil. This whole thing was nothing but a massive ego trip for him, and he doesn t give a damn about the citizens of this nation.Featured image via By Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call/Getty Images",0
2003, WATCH: Joy Reid And Panel RIP House Intel Chair And Trump Stooge Devin Nunes Apart Piece By Piece,"An examination of Republican House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes on Saturday was totally devastating and damning.This week, after FBI Director James Comey refuted Donald Trump s claim that he was wiretapped by President Obama, Nunes held a hasty press conference in a desperate effort to portray Trump as a victim whose wiretapping accusation was right all along.Nunes is in charge of the committee that is supposed to be investigating Trump s Russia scandal, but he tied the wiretapping claim into it in order to distract from the main investigation.But reporters have been digging into Nunes this week and have found some bombshells that should bring Trump and the GOP down, and Joy Reid and her panel discussed the top four.First, Nunes told Mother Jones reporter David Corn that he has never heard of Carter Page or Roger Stone, both of whom are Trump stooges with ties to Russia. Again, Nunes is the chair of the House Intelligence Committee charged with investigating Trump s ties to Russia. He should damn well know who Stone and Page are.Even Corn was  stunned  by Nunes answer and had only three possible explanations. Either he s a dimwit who hasn t read a single story about the matter he s supposed to be vetting or he has some brain disease and can t remember or he was lying to me,  Corn said.  Those are the only options I can think of. It was a bizarre moment and you re right, we could spend the next hour talking about all the weird things and bizarre things he did this week from cancelling hearings to coming forward with incomplete information to rushing to Trump. Corn then warned that Nunes demonstrated that the House Intelligence Committee is broken and is incapable of overseeing what the Executive Branch is doing. It is a breakdown, and I say this to be serious. It s the breakdown of the Congressional intelligence oversight process and the only reason we let the Executive Branch do secret work in terms of espionage, counterintelligence, counter-terrorism is because they ve overseen by the Legislative Branch. And Devin Nunes just showed this week that there is a complete breakdown in that process. Reid then turned to national security expert Malcolm Nance and asked him about why Nunes abruptly left his car after taking a phone call and disappeared for a bit. Nance opined that Nunes got called to the White House and was told to present the  incidental surveillance  as proof to vindicate Trump. Because soon after his disappearing act, Nunes called his press conference. Nance went on to call Nunes  clueless about what surveillance is. But that s not all. Reid asked Sarah Kendzior, who is an expert on authoritarian states, about Nunes taking information about the investigation to Trump.Kendzior explained that Nunes is  supposed to be watchdog but he s acting like a lapdog  and that instead of investigating, he s  acting like an informant.  She cited Nunes  behavior as just another example of Trump s corrupt regime.Scott Dworkin chimed in when Reid asked about Nunes owning part of a winery that has a direct connection to Russian dictator Vladimir Putin through a Russian investor. Dworkin pointed out that it should not be so easy to be connected to Putin and stated that Nunes should not be a congressman and he definitely shouldn t be the chairman of the intelligence committee since his wallet is so close to Putin.Here s the video via VidMe:Reid and the panel also wondered how Nunes ended up becoming the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee considering he has no intelligence experience and doesn t know much about it.But the bottom line is that Nunes just destroyed his credibility and the credibility of the committee he chairs. This investigation needs to be turned over to a special prosecutor and an independent commission because it s clear that Nunes is more interested in helping Trump cover up his Russia scandal than he is in investigating it and finding the truth.Featured image via screenshot",0
