id,title,text,label
8016, Pope Francis TORCHES Trump: ‘A Person Who Thinks Only Of Building Walls’ Is ‘Not A Christian’,"Pope Francis was asked about Donald Trump, and the famously compassionate religious leader could only barely hold back his disgust.Currently, Francis is finishing up an historic visit to Mexico. Needless to say, the issue of Donald Trump inevitably came up. When a reporter asked the pope to weigh in on Trump s potential candidacy, he unloaded on the Republican front-runner. A person who thinks only about building walls, wherever they may be, and not building bridges, is not Christian. This is not in the gospel. As far as what you said about whether I would advise to vote or not to vote, I am not going to get involved in that. I say only that this man is not Christian if he said things like that. We must see if he said things in that way and in this I give the benefit of the doubt. Consider the benefit of the doubt put to rest. Trump has spent the last seven months campaigning heavily on the idea that he can block both Hispanics and Muslims from ever coming to the United States. His policies, such that they are, have been organized around attacking minority groups and advocating for the return of torture. At his essence, Trump s campaign is the exact opposite of Pope Francis  message of tolerance and compassion.Trump holds the distinction of having both pissed off the pope and also the entire country of Mexico. He infamously criticized the Catholic leader by dismissing him as just  a politician.  Francis didn t seem to mind, and in fact turned the tables on the attempted dig. Thank God he said I was a politician, because Aristotle defined the human person as  animal politicus.  So at least I am a human person. As to whether I am a pawn   well, maybe, I don t know. I ll leave that up to your judgment and that of the people. Trump is also deeply unpopular in Mexico following his repeated attacks against the Mexican people. He kicked off his presidential campaign by claiming the Mexican government was sending rapists across the border to sell drugs and attack American women. He s never walked back those ideas. He also claimed he would build a massive concrete wall across the entire southern border   at a cost estimated to be in the billions   and get Mexico to pay for it.The pope s criticisms of Trump come at a time when the candidate is desperately trying to prove that he is a very good Christian   with humiliating results. Trump, who once told shock jock Howard Stern that having unprotected sex with as many women as he had was his personal  Vietnam,  hasn t fooled very many people with this false change of heart.It takes a whole lot to get the pope to spend time taking you down a peg. Trump, for all of his hate speech and vile ideas, falls into that rare category of absolutely deserving it.Featured image via Flickr/Flickr ",0
8017, Ted Cruz Cries ‘Unprecedented Persecution’ Because Gay People Can Get Married (AUDIO),"Right-wing Christians are always talking about how LGBT people having equal protections under the law will mean the end of Christianity. Well, the Supreme Court s ruling Obegefell v. Hodges, which made marriage equality legal nationwide was the worst fears of bigots everywhere becoming a reality   but not because of any actual anti   Christian elements to the ruling. The ruling simply says that anyone and everyone can marry whatever consenting adult they like. However, many bigoted Christians see the ability of anyone to do anything they don t like is persecution. On that list of morons who think that way is religious conservative and presidential candidate Ted Cruz.Cruz sat down to speak with right-wing radio host Janet Mefford on Thursday, and of course the conversation turned to his bigoted views on LGBT people. First, he bragged about being endorsed by hate groups such as the Family Research Council and The National Organization for marriage. Then, he went on along rant about how marriage equality was  illegitimate,  and how the Obergefell ruling was nothing short of disastrous Here is the quote (emphasis mine): I believe that decision was fundamentally illegitimate, it was lawless, it was unconstitutional and it will not stand. And I would note, that is precisely why Dr. James Dobson has endorsed me in this campaign, it is why Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council has endorsed me in this campaign, it s why the National Organization on Marriage [sic] has endorsed me on this campaign and has said it cannot support Donald Trump or Marco Rubio because if we re not willing to defend marriage, we are giving up the foundational building blocks of the family, we re giving up the Judeo-Christian values that built this great nation. And that is where you are dead wrong, Senator Cruz. This nation was not built upon Christianity. In fact, our Founding Fathers put explicit walls into our founding documents to ensure a complete separation between church and state. If you do not know that basic fact of our history and of our laws, then you have no business being in any public office, much less the presidency.This is what makes Cruz so dangerous. He is determined to turn America in a giant church via the law should he make it to the White House. That is why it is so important to make sure you VOTE BLUE in November 2016.Listen to the audio below, via Right Wing Watch:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/247707760  params= color=ff5500  width= 100%  height= 166  iframe= true  /]Featured image from Gage Skidmore/Flickr",0
8018, Trump Pledges To Reveal ‘Who Really Knocked Down The World Trade Center’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump kicked off another round of Republican mind explosions at a campaign stop in South Carolina when he teased the idea that as president he would (illegally) leak a series of damning classified documents about what  really  happened on September 11, 2001.The Republican Party, whose official line is still that George W. Bush was a great president and the Iraq caused 9/11, have begun freaking out over Trump because unlike the other candidates, who are comfortable with that lie, Trump has increasingly criticized the Bush administration for their disastrous foreign policy. Things reached a head at Trump s latest rally.Trump says if he is elected:  you will find out who really knocked down the World Trade Center. It wasn t the Iraqis,  he explained.  You may find it s the Saudis. They have papers in there that are very secret,  he also said, referencing the 28 still-classified pages of the 9/11 commission report.  But you will find out. It s been a common belief among both reporters and the public that the classified pages in the 9/11 commission report really do implicate Saudi Arabia as having some involvement in the attacks. Following the attacks, Bush s administration was put in the awkward position of either confronting their Middle Eastern ally (and oil provider) or scapegoating a different Middle Eastern country which they hated. They invaded Iraq.When Trump says he ll prove the Saudis were involved in 9/11 he isn t turning over any stones that haven t already been turned over, but he is reminding America that George W. Bush ran his administration based on a neverending torrent of deceit, false pretenses and fabrications. As such, the only people who still believe that Iraq was responsible for 9/11 are Republicans themselves.It reinforces the fact that the Republican Party has now become completely detached from reality. In a surreal moment at the last Republican debate, Trump   a candidate who has previously mocked a disabled reporter, suggested Muslims be barred from entering the United States, claimed Mexico was sending rapists across the border, advocated for bringing back torture, and any number of other outrageous things   was booed  because he pointed out that the Iraq War was a terrible idea. Obviously the war in Iraq was a big, fat mistake, all right?  said Trump.  George Bush made a mistake, we can make mistakes. But that one was a beauty. The crowd didn t like that one.But Trump continued.  They lied. They said there were weapons of mass destruction   there were none. And they knew there were none. There were no weapons of mass destruction. And the boos got much louder.Republicans cheer Trump when he lies to their faces about Mexicans and boo him when he points out the obvious. Welcome to the modern Republican Party.Feature image from Gage Skidmore/Flickr ",0
8019, YMCA Camp Forces Black Children Through Slavery Reenactment,"A YMCA camp in Jackson, Michigan forced ten-year-old student campers to participate in a disturbing slavery reenactment  activity. During the activity, which took place at night, teachers and camp instructors acted as  slave masters,  forcing 5th grade campers to stand on a makeshift auction block.According to the mother of one student who endured the camp s slavery reenactment: The slave masters (camp instructors and teachers) had certificates which allowed them to pay for the slaves, and the students were required to hold up the certificates when they were bought or sold. The students, who were chased through the dark by their  slave masters  on horseback, were also ordered not to look the adult participants in the eye.Tiffany Birchett, the mother of two Black students who attended the camp last summer, was outraged after learning that her children had been put through this ordeal by camp leaders.She emailed the principal of her daughter s school, Pardee Elementary School in Dearborn Heights, saying: My daughter came home after the camp. She was very disturbed, and she told me what happened. First, I was wondering if this was a ritual that they do to these kids every year they attend the camp. She told me the camp instructors, including some of their teachers, were dancing and happy before they went out to do this slave re-enactment. Birchett told school officials that her 10-year-old daughter, Mikayla, was traumatized by the YMCA camp s slavery reenactment, which is dubbed by the camp as an educational activity called  The Underground Railroad. She went on to say: As the mother of an African American son and daughter, I am dismayed that Pardee Elementary would authorize and condone such an extremely racially insensitive and damaging activity. Likewise, Regina Crutchfield, the mother of a 5th grade student at Jane Addams Elementary in Redford, Michigan, came forward to say that her daughter had been put through the same experience at the YMCA camp, and was similarly traumatized. My daughter said she was scared. One of the guys (camp instructors) re-enacted killing a deputy. They should not do that in front of a 10-year-old, and not when kids are hundreds of miles away from home. If they want to teach black history, they should do that in the classroom. As the Detroit News reports here, both the principal of Pardee Elementary School and the YMCA camp defended the slavery reenactment, which forced Black students like Mikayla Birchett and Crutchfield s daughter, Brooklyn Jones, to relive the trauma of slavery, even as their white, adult leaders celebrated.On February 4, Michigan ACLU Racial Justice Project attorney, Mark Fancher, sent a letter to Kevin Washington, the Black president and CEO of the YMCA USA, demanding a halt to the program.Francher wrote: Not only is the Underground Railroad activity emotionally and intellectually harmful it also creates a racially hostile environment that has legal implications both for the camp in its role as an educational institution or agent of an educational institution, and for the schools that send their students to the camp facility. The same day that the letter was sent out, Francher received a call from the head of YMCA s Camp Storer, saying that the underground railroad activity was  officially discontinued.  The decision was confirmed by the Detroit News.The ACLU issued the following statement, We applaud the YMCA s mature and responsible decision to terminate the Underground Railroad activity. The activity presented a risk of trauma for children who identify with their enslaved ancestors. We encourage further efforts to educate children about slavery but without re-enactments and in consultation with experts. According to the Detroit News, children attending YMCA camps have been forced to endure this experience for more than 20 years.Featured image from Wikipedia",0
8020, Jeb Bush Rally Becomes Counseling Session As Supporters Give Him Advice To Fix His Struggling Campaign,"A desperate Jeb Bush held a campaign rally at a South Carolina golf course on Wednesday, and all his supporters wanted to do was give him advice on how to fix his struggling campaign.Bush was probably hoping to come out swinging as the South Carolina primary approaches, but his worried fans had different concerns.Like a child being advised on how to deal with being bullied, one Bush supporter named Edward Scott told Bush that he should  raise the bar  and rise above the bullying by Trump because his message is being lost the more Bush gets frazzled by the billionaire mogul. Your message doesn t resonate with the national community.   I was wondering because of your civility if you could raise the bar in the next session and try to be beyond the bully because I think that s who you are and I think they try to knock you off center. It appears you do get knocked off center, like anyone would, because of the insults to your family. I don t think I feel shaken up by the bully,  Bush replied.  I m the only guy going after the guy who I believe is hijacking the party. David Villinger also voiced concern about Trump taking over the race while Bush desperately focuses on attacking him instead of focusing on delivering his own message. I think the campaign has been co-opted by the P.T. Barnum of our time. And I think he is getting you off your good message and all the times that you ve shared with us today. But I think I would encourage you to emphasize those things. Indeed, Jeb Bush is currently polling in a distant fourth place behind Trump, who leads the field with 34 percent while Bush only has under 10 percent.Cruz clocks in at second place with 17 percent and Rubio is a close third place with 16 percent. Clearly, nobody is really all that excited about Jeb.In the end, Jeb Bush not only received advice, he got bad news because South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley endorsed Marco Rubio even after Jeb sent his brother to meet with her. Jeb could only give reporters some parting sarcasm. It s all been decided, apparently. The pundits have already figured it out. We don t have to go vote. I should stop campaigning maybe. And that s probably the best idea Jeb Bush has had throughout his entire campaign. Featured image from Flickr",0
8021," Cliven Bundy Indicted For Assault, Faces Life In Prison","If you missed it in all the kerfluffle over the Moron Militia surrendering without a fight in Oregon, Cliven Bundy, the Moron Militia s inspiration to break the law and threaten to kill people, was arrested as he attempted to join the 4 remaining imbeciles holed up in a wildlife refuge. But he wasn t arrested for trying to join domestic terrorists; he was arrested for his role as ringleader in the 2014 Nevada stand-off in which a group of armed assholes pointed guns at federal agents and threatened to shoot them.On Wednesday, Bundy, along with his idiot sons, was indicted and now faces life in prison:All were charged with conspiracy, carrying a firearm in relation to a violent crime, obstruction of justice, extortion, and assault and threats against federal law enforcement.The charge of assault on a federal law enforcement officer carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. If convicted, the defendants would also have to forfeit at least $3 million worth of property secured through the crimes, the statement said.The most delicious part about this is that the Bundys were so intent on making a media spectacle of their  brave  stance against the federal government that there is hours and hours of footage of them threatening to murder law enforcement and pointing their guns at agents. If they hadn t been so arrogant, they might have been able to plant the seeds of doubt in the minds of the jury. As it is, their eagerness to rally  Murika to a second Civil War has all but guaranteed that Cliven will die in jail and his two sons will be in their 60s and possibly broke by the time they get out.While Bundy rotting in jail will put a smile on many of our faces, it does little to erase the fact that Bundy and his fellow domestic terrorists walked free for over a year for a crime that would have left anyone less white or conservative riddled with bullets. White Right Wing Privilege in this country is out of control. The only reason the Moron Militia thought they could get away with violently seizing a federal building is because of the FBI s lack of action in Nevada. They truly and honestly thought that they could throw their temper tantrum, play Freedom Fighter for a few weeks and then just go home like nothing ever happened. Listening to their press conferences (PRESS CONFERENCES!) and podcasts, they were shocked to their core that they would have to pay for their crimes. Honestly, I m surprised none of them blurted out,  But I m a white conservative! You can t arrest me! This is MY country! Hopefully, Cliven and his followers going to prison will send a clear signal to the rest of the militia movement that their reckless disregard for the rule of law won t be tolerated in America. We should only be so lucky.Featured image via AI archives",0
8022, Baby Dolphin Dies After Tourists Pass It Around For Photos (VIDEO/IMAGES),"Last week, a baby dolphin was found on at beach of the Santa Teresita resort, located in Argentina. Tourists saw the baby dolphin and did what tourists do   they took pictures of the poor animal. It turns out that the baby dolphin died because the people on the beach kept out of the water too long.Here is the photo taken by one a person on the beach:https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10209159500094765&set=a.10201500166576214.1073741829.1537837065&type=3&theaterHere is video footage of the incident:The Wildlife Foundation in Argentina found photos and video of the tourists tormenting the dolphin. They took the opportunity to try to raise awareness about the type of dolphin and what people need to do when they find a dolphin on the beach. They write in a press release: [The]Franciscan or Plata dolphin is one of the smallest dolphins in the world, is between 1.30 and 1.70 m long. His skin, brown tones, reminiscent of the habit of the Franciscan monks, so it gets the common name. Only it is found in Argentina, Uruguay and Brazil. In our country lives mainly off the coasts of the province of Buenos Aires, where it is very likely that there are less than 30,000 individuals. Franciscan in a vulnerable to extinction, according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). No le saques fotos. Ayudalo a volver al agua Estas situaciones pueden llevar a su muerte https://t.co/TUDboTBzdZ pic.twitter.com/feZMG4oFCJ  Vida Silvestre (@Vida_Silvestre) February 17, 2016The fact that this species of dolphin is endangered makes the dolphin s death just that much more tragic. This incident should help the public understand the urgent need to return these dolphins to the sea when they get close to the shore,  the foundation said.  The Franciscana, like other species, cannot remain for much time outside of the water, it has thick skin full of fat which regulates its body temperature, so taking it out of the water rapidly causes it to dehydrate and die. What those people did is absolutely horrendous. Hopefully, this tragedy will raise awareness about what people should do when they encounter beached marine life. Featured image from video screen capture",0
8023, Donald Trump Just Humiliated Himself By Mistaking Sanders’ Policy Positions For His Own (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s appearance at an MSNBC town hall event Wednesday didn t go very well for him when host Mika Brzezinski played a little game with him. It was simple: she would describe a candidate and Trump would guess who she was speaking about. Pretty simple, right?Brzezinski gave the following description of a candidate: The candidate is considered a political outsider by all the pundits. He s tapping into all the anger of the voters, delivers a populist message. He believes everyone in the country should have healthcare. He advocates for hedge fund managers to pay higher taxes. He s drawing thousands of people at his rallies and bringing in a lot of new voters to the political process, and he s not beholden to any super PAC. Who am I describing? Or any special interests or any donors,  he said, adding.  You re describing Donald Trump. Actually, I was describing Bernie Sanders,  Brzezinski said as the audience burst into laughter. That s good,  Trump conceded. The billionaire, who has spent his career ripping people off, says that there is one area in which they agree   that  our country is being ripped off big-league on trade    though he says Sanders   can t do anything about it because he  doesn t understand  the problem.Trump, of course, doesn t understand much of anything past how to creepily talk openly about how much he wants to f*ck his daughter. His rise in popularity has nothing to do with how much he can accomplish, his knowledge, or anything substantive. Trump s ascension is linked to his talk of building walls, of rounding up Muslims into concentration camps, of banning brown people from entering the country. His supporters are largely uneducated bigots who simply like him because he  speaks his mind    the same thing your irritating right-wing uncle does at holiday dinners.Trump s harnessing of the anger of the Stupid Part of America is very real. Make no mistake about it: he will absolutely be bringing voters to the polls in November. It is important that you register to vote. If your state has enacted voter ID legislation in an effort to disenfranchise certain segments of the population, make sure you obtain all the required documentation to vote   and vote BLUE.Watch Trump embarrass himself below:Featured image via screengrab",0
8024, Ben Carson CLEARLY Concerned Over What Plagues Our Communities: Bear Attacks (VIDEO),"In a perfect world, there would be extraordinarily qualified presidential candidates coming from both sides of the aisle. We d have a battle of the minds. Those who differed in matters of political opinion and policy approach, but all respectable choices. Alas, we don t live in a perfect world. Currently, the United States has one major political party with two very respectable candidates, either of which would make a fine choice as Commander-in-Chief, varying only in strategy, but not terribly in ideology. The other major political party is basically made up of rejects from their high school student council who grew up and couldn t get into leadership roles within their home owner s association, so they decided to go in to politics. To be blunt, there is NO good choice for president running for the Republicans. They all make shit up as they go along.Case in point: Ben Carson.When asked a question regarding Christian values as compared to the social values of Republicans, and how they really don t go together, Carson replied: My stance is that, we the people have the responsibility to take care of the indigent in our society.  It s not the government s job.  You can read the constitution all you want, it never says that it is the government s job and I think where we ve gotten confused. In the old days of America when communities were separated by hundreds of miles, why were they able to thrive?  Because if it was harvest time and the farmer was up in the tree picking apples and fell down and broke his leg, everybody pitched in and harvested his crops for him.  If somebody got killed by a bear, everybody took care of their family. Who the hell is getting killed by a bear? Where the hell are they living? And is it a bear, such as one you d find in the forest, or one you d find in the Castro. These are all questions we d like to have answered. Don t leave us hanging like this, Ben. Sure, he s talking about the  old days,  but how far back are we going? If we re talking about the days when the nation was founded, well, we re not exactly living in the same sort of society with the same needs, and we now have different resources available.Carson s broader point seems to be, we don t need government if we can take care of ourselves and our communities. However, the nation is composed of many different types of communities that are all represented in this thing we call government. Which is an organizational structure in this little thing we like to call, civilization. Without which, we would slip into chaos and despair in what some would call Social Darwinism. So, while Carson s story is sweet, and weird, but actually kind of scary, the  everybody   that took care of the family is the community structure. Carson actually makes a very good argument for liberals, and especially Hillary Clinton s  it takes a village  argument.Anyway, watching Carson talk about a bear attack is very entertaining, and you ll likely watch it at least five times. So, enjoy! When asked about social values, Ben Carson reflects on ye olde times, when bear attacks were the norm. pic.twitter.com/eOZH4mR1Jz  Mashable News (@MashableNews) February 18, 2016Video/Featured image from Twitter/Wikimedia",0
8025, Americans Tell Senate GOP To Let President Obama Pick Supreme Court Nominee (IMAGE),"Sorry, Republicans. The American people have spoken and you lose.Ever since Justice Antonin Scalia died, Republicans have insisted that President Obama should let whoever wins the 2016 presidential election nominate the new Supreme Court Justice. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell even vowed not to even consider anyone Obama picks, which is a complete betrayal of the Constitution and everything Scalia stood for.And the American people overwhelmingly disagree with the GOP.Not only is President Obama serving out the final year of the second term a majority of Americans elected him to serve, a new poll shows that Americans still want him to the job despite what Republicans want.A new Rasmussen poll indicates that Americans not only think President Obama should make the pick, they say Senate Republicans should NOT block any nomination Obama puts forth.All told, 51 percent of Americans say President Obama is still the commander-in-chief, therefore he should get to replace Scalia, while only 43 percent say he shouldn t. An even bigger percentage of people, 53 percent, say Senate Republicans should not stand in his way. Only 35 percent say Senate Republicans should remain the obstructionist assholes they are.Here s a chart showing the poll results via ThinkProgress.The poll represents the opinions of likely voters, which means Republicans should probably reconsider their stance since any political stunt could hurt them on Election Day. People are sick and tired of GOP obstructionism and blocking President Obama from filling a vacant seat on the Supreme Court out of some sick political game won t impress voters at all.But rather than listen to the American people, Republicans will probably ignore them like they did when they listened to Ted Cruz and shut down the government. If Republicans really care about not getting their asses totally handed to them at the voting booth this November, they need to suck it up, respect that President Obama is still their president, and give any nominee he puts forward a fair confirmation hearing. That s what the American people want, that s what the American people should get.Featured Image: Flickr",0
8026," Bad News, GOP: Justice Sandra Day O’Connor Backs Obama In Supreme Court Fight","President Obama just received the highest profile supporter for his quest to fulfill his Constitutional duties by nominating a successor to recently deceased Justice Antonin Scalia s seat on the Supreme Court. Retired Justice Sandra Day O Connor, the first woman to serve in that capacity, told an interviewer that Obama is right   America needs a Justice. I don t agree (with Republicans),  O Connor said in an interview with Phoenix-based Fox affiliate KSAZ.  We need somebody in there to do the job and just get on with it. She noted that it s unusual to for a Supreme Court opening to exist in an election year, saying that the proximity to the presidential race  creates too much talk around the thing that isn t necessary. She said Obama should name a replacement for Scalia, an influential conservative member of the nation s high court who was found dead Saturday at age 79.O Connor also told the station that  you just have to pick the best person you can under these circumstances,  adding,  I wish the president well as he makes choices and goes down that line. The retired justice adds to the slowly growing chorus of voices on the right who have begun to peel off of the original assertion that Obama should not be able to appoint Scalia s replacement. Now some Republicans are closer to the Democratic position, arguing that as has been done in the past, a nomination in the president s final year should not be summarily rejected.O Connor was nominated in 1981 by Ronald Reagan, but while appointed by a conservative president over time she came to be seen as a  swing  justice, never exclusively on one side of an issue.For instance, while she voted in the majority in the Bush v Gore election case in 2000, she also voted with the majority in favor of abortion rights and campaign finance reform.O Connor stepped down from the court in 2005, and was replaced by George W. Bush s nominee, Samuel Alito, a hardcore conservative.Featured image via Twitter",0
8027, Why Was A Nazi Sympathizer Just Buried At Arlington Cemetery?,"A Nazi sympathizer was recently buried at Arlington National Cemetery, the sacred burial ground for American servicemen and woman and the last resting place for historical figures like John F. Kenney, William Howard Taft, Ted Kennedy, and Robert F. Kennedy.By contrast, Willis Carto was a notorious Nazi sympathizer who renounced World War II, which he fought in. His service in the Philippines earned him a purple heart and the right to be buried at Arlington, despite the reprehensible views he held until he died.Through a number of initiatives   including the Liberty Lobby, a white supremacist organization Carto founded, and the Institute for Historical Review, a group he started to promote Holocaust denial   Carto enjoyed influence among a marginal but significant population of American bigots especially motivated by anti-Jewish hysteria.At the height of the Liberty Lobby s popularity in the 1980s, there were 400,000 subscribers to its newsletter, according an obituary for Carto in The New York Times.Todd Blodgett, who managed advertising for the Liberty Lobby and spied on Carto for the FBI from 2000 to 2002, said the deceased anti-Semitic leader wanted to be buried in Arlington National Cemetery because of the  irony,  given his pro-Nazi views.Even those who went to Arlington to see Carto buried shared his sick world view. One man told The Huffington Post that Carto  stood up for the best interests of this country and against all the special interests,  and clarified that by these interests he meant Jewish people.Rabbi Marvin Hier, founder of the Simon Wiesenthal Center described Carto s presence in the cemetery as a  national disgrace  and pointed out that the former soldier  would have been a perfect candidate to be a cabinet member in Hitler s government. Perhaps the absurdity of Carto s burial, next to men and women who fought to defeat the ideals he was a proponent of, will change the military criteria for burial at Arlington. Perhaps, instead of simply taking into account commendations received while in combat, the views and affiliations of prospective Arlington burial subjects throughout their whole lives will have to be considered.The cemetery is a place for war heroes, not Nazi sympathizers.Featured image via YouTube",0
8028, Marco Rubio Seems To Think Harming Hillary Clinton Is A Funny Idea (VIDEO),"When you re running for office, especially when you re running for President of the United States, you re going to say and do whatever is necessary to get votes to put you into office. However, part of your job as a candidate is to also make sure you are not only holding yourself accountable for the things that you say, but also for what the people in your supporting crowds are saying. For instance, when John McCain stood up for Barack Obama back in the 2008 election when one of his supporters was saying awful things about the then senator.It seems Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla) has yet to learn that very important lesson, and it may come back to haunt him. At a recent campaign event in North Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, Rubio was addressing the crowd and telling everyone that if he were to become president he would never close down the military base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. It was after these remarks that a person in the crowd decided to shout,  WATERBOARD HILLARY!  Which was a clear reference to both the torture that occurred at Guantanamo as well as how some people would like to harm and torture former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.Now, Rubio, clearly hearing what had been said because he chuckled, decided to just laugh it off and ignore it. He knew it was bad, because he said he didn t want to make a deal of it as the media was there to record everything. And record they did. They recorded Rubio shrugging the entire thing off instead of asking the man not to say such a terrible thing. Which, in all honestly, would ve made Rubio look like a better human being. However, knowing jerks like Donald Trump are leading in the polls after not only allowing horrible things to be said, but saying horrible things himself, Rubio probably figures his base will enjoy these sort of shenanigans.Needless to say, Rubio shrugging off a call for torture on a former First Lady and Secretary of State as well as a current candidate for president isn t at all surprising, but it doesn t make it any less appalling.Here s the video: Video/Featured image: CNN",0
8029, Bundy Militant Files $666 BILLION Lawsuit Against Government For ‘Damages From The Works Of The Devil’,"The moment the initial members of the Bundy militants were arrested, effectively ending the occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon, one thing was for certain: as paranoid, anti-government conspiracy theorists, these people could be counted on for some absolute batsh*t crazy legal defenses. But no one could anticipate the sheer stupidity of their other legal filings.Shawna Cox, the woman who falsely claimed that LaVoy Finicum was executed with his hands in the air when in actuality he was attempting to pull a gun on law enforcement, filed a lawsuit against the big, bad federal government. Cox is seeking a whopping $666,666,666,666.66 in damages because she says the government harmed her in performing  works of the devil    including her attempted execution.KATU reports that Cox, who managed to convince the court to do her a special favor in allowing her to attend Finicum s funeral, quickly found her lawsuit tossed out because her claims are not cognizable in this criminal proceeding and will not be addressed in this case. Cox maintains that she did not interfere with public employees when she and her friends undertook an armed occupation of the Refuge because  it was their choice not to come to work out of guilt,  that federal employees were  secretly extending the boundaries  of Malheur, and says that she is being  maliciously prosecuted by the State and Federal Bar Association members because they do not want to be held accountable for their subversive activities against the people of the United States of America. No one is safe from her wrath. Cox says she will be asking the jury to  render civil and criminal charges against  a number of  public officials,  including  All of the Oregon State Bar members, and public employees who were involved in the persecution, prosecutorial misconduct, and ineffective council involving the incarceration of the Hammonds, including each and every one of them who violated the separation of powers and held offices in the judiciary and / or legislative and /or executive branches at the same time,  anyone who interfered with the  militia s  attempt to form an illegal and unrecognized Grand Jury to prosecute public officials, and  all involved in the ambush that attempted to execute myself and others and executed LaVoy Finicum. She also says she wants charges against  all state, public, and federal officials involved in organizing and authorizing the ambush execution of myself and others including LaVoy Finicum  as well as  all of the state employees involved in the ambush that attempted to execute myself and others, and resulted in LaVoy Finicum s murder. Cox specifically names Judge Grasty, Senator Cliff Bentz, Harney County Prosecutor Tim Calhoun, Governor Kate Brown, U.S. prosecutors Dwight Holton, Kirk Engdall, Kelley Zusman, S. Amanda Marshall, Judge Hogan, and Judge Ann Aiken as well as  officials who committed crimes against the Hammond family and myself by omissions and misprision [sic] pf felony s [sic],  Sheriff David Ward and Special Agent Katherine Armstrong.She says she is seeking the $666 billion in damages because these individuals subjected her to  damages from the works of the devil. If this seems nuts to you, you re probably right. These armed and crazed individuals declared war on the federal government, openly, and have essentially received a slap on the wrist for their anti-government efforts.Words can not describe the insanity of this woman s claims, so read them for yourself.  Shawna Cox&#39;s claim for damagesFeatured image via Oregon Live",0
8030, Billionaire SuperPAC Launches Ad Against $15 Min. Wage And Bernie Sanders (VIDEO),"The billionaire class is getting very scared of two things: the fight for 15 movement and Bernie Sanders.The grassroots movement to elect Bernie Sanders and the movement to elect Bernie Sanders are very much fueled by the same thing. A drive to make the United States a nation, that once again, allows for all people to live a dignified life.Here is the ad:Of course, the billionaire class is not having any of that nonsense. That s why the Future 45 Super PAC is running an ad that tries to take out two progressive birds at the same time. The Intercept reports that future 45 is being run by Brian O. Walsh. He is a major player in the conservative dark money network, that works to bash left-wing candidates and issues.Future 45 appears to be primarily funded by two hedge fund managers that are supporting the Republican candidate, Marco Rubio.While this may seem troubling to those who support raising the minimum wage, or those who support Bernie Sanders, or both, this could be taken as a good sign. As Hillary Clinton likes to point out, she has faced a major brunt of negative attack ads from Republican SuperPACs. They fact that they are now attacking Sanders means that they are taking him seriously.I m not exactly sure who the ad for is for, though. The claims in the ad are the usual  raising the minimum wage will kill jobs  nonsense that comes from the right. They attack Sanders, saying that he will raise taxes. They fail to mention who would be paying the vast majority of those taxes   billionaires like the ones who created the ad.  Is Future 45 trying to sway voters to vote for Clinton because she will be much softer on Wall St. than Sanders? Or are they just trying to fill conservatives  heads with talking points for the general election?Either way,  both the Fight for 15 movement and Robin Hood Tax movement, which inspired Sanders  plan to put a micro-tax on Wall St. speculation, are two pragmatic progressive ideas whose time has come.Featured image from video screenshot via YouTube",0
8031, Conservatives Lose Their MINDS Over Obama Skipping Racist Hatemonger Scalia’s Funeral (SCREENSHOTS),"Politico reports that Barack and Michelle Obama will not be attending the funeral for racist, hate-mongering, recently deceased Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. While it is unlikely that Scalia, who opposed marriage and gender equality, voting protections for African-Americans, affordable healthcare, and everything else the President stands for, would have wanted Obama to be in attendance at his funeral (if nothing else, because of the President s skin color), conservatives are downright furious that the socialist, Communist, anti-Christian, Muslim, atheist, Kenyan dictator will not be in attendance. The president and the First :ady on Friday will travel to the Supreme Court to pay their respects to Justice Scalia as he lies in repose there at the Supreme Court,  White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest announced Wednesday, adding that  Vice President Biden and Dr. Jill Biden will attend Justice Scalia s funeral at the Basilica on Saturday. Currently, Scalia s body lies in repose in the Great Hall of the Supreme Court where the public, including President Obama, is invited to pay their respects   something the President and First Lady will certainly do. Unfortunately, this was not enough for the inbred, meth-fueled  informed   readers  at right-wing blog Twitchy.                              Even the  liberal media  got in some jabs. NBC reports:When asked whether Obama s Saturday plans include golfing, Earnest stressed instead that the president believes it is important to honor Scalia s life and service.President Obama is paying his respects to Scalia in the court. The Vice President and his spouse will be in attendance. No one did anything wrong. But this is yet another example of the right-wing hate machine finding every reason possible to disparage the President.Featured image from Philly.com/screengrab ",0
8032, Ted Cruz Absolutely Loses It During This MUST WATCH Press Conference (VIDEO),"During a press conference in South Carolina on Wednesday, Ted Cruz proved that as things heat up in the Republican primary election, the Republican candidates  crazy is being brought to a boiling point.South Carolina is the Republicans  firewall state against anti-establishment candidates. It s the state where candidates such as Donald Trump are supposed to burn out. After Trump s win in New Hampshire, all the candidates are fighting like mad to secure a win in the first southern primary.So, enter Ted Cruz at a press conference where he has to be seen as both more moderate than Trump and also win over his supporters. That s why during the press conference he is forced to posture, saying things like daring Trump to sue him.The real hilarity comes, though, when Ted Cruz does his best to try and lampoon his Not-Trump rival, Marco Rubio. During the press conference, Cruz answers questions from reporters. Cruz both brings up and attempts to dismiss things that he has come under fire for. The whole thing amounts to very long, nearly schizophrenic, rant. Whoever told Ted Cruz to do this, needs to be fired. I don t think that this press conference did anything except possibly make Rubio look much more practical in the eyes of moderate conservatives.Cruz spent a lot of time denying what he calls lies being put forth by Trump and Rubio. Specifically, most of those lies that revolve around allegations that Cruz using push polls in South Carolina. The Washington Post first reported on the push polls that have been very supportive in their calls to voters throughout the state. They appear to be being conducted by Remington Research, a research firm hired by the Cruz campaign.Cruz claims that anyone could be conducting the polls. Which is ludicrous. Especially in light of the fact that Cruz seems to now be trying to paint this as a conspiracy being orchestrated by some combination of Trump, Rubio, and well  anyone Cruz can point his finger at.You can watch the press conference below.Featured image from video screenshot ",0
8033," Paul Krugman, Top Economists: Bernie Sanders Is Engaging In ‘Fantasy Economics’","It can be said that Senator Bernie Sanders is one of the most sincere politicians in all of politics. He s ambitious with a gusto for progress that is really unmatched. However, this gusto for pushing forward an economic agenda that is unparalleled by everyone running against him has left several leading economists scratching their heads, including Paul Krugman.In Krugman s recent post in the New York Times he brings up a challenge to the economic thought of both Sanders and Professor Gerald Friedman, who makes the claim that the Vermont Senator s economic plan would make jobs and income soar. Friedman states that real economic growth under Sanders would grow to 5.3% per year. That s as opposed to where we are now, which is at around 2%.Krugman writes: OK, progressives have, rightly, mocked Jeb Bush for claiming that he could double growth to 4 percent. Now people close to Sanders say 5.3??? Even those of us who believe that there s still significant slack in the US labor market are aware that much, probably most, of the decline in labor force participation since 1999 reflects an aging population   prime-working-age LFPR has reclaimed most of the lost ground since the Great Recession, and there s probably a long-term downward trend even there. It s possible that we can get unemployment down under 4 percent, but that s way below any estimates I ve seen of the level of unemployment consistent with moderate inflation. Krugman goes so far as to even say that if this sort of line was being perpetuated by a Republican, it would be described as  deep voodoo.  He continued, saying: Sanders needs to disassociate himself from this kind of fantasy economics right now. And  he concluded by stating that if his campaign disagrees with this assessment, which is backed up by fellow leading economic advisers, we ll be looking at a Trump presidency for sure.In a letter to Sanders and Friedman from  former Chairs of the Council of Economic Advisers for Presidents Barack Obama and Bill Clinton  Alan Krueger, Austan Goolsbee, Christina Romer, and Laura D Andrea Tyson, they state that they  have worked to make the Democratic Party the party of evidence-based economic policy.  Continuing, they wrote: We are concerned to see the Sanders campaign citing extreme claims by Gerald Friedman about the effect of Senator Sanders s economic plan claims that cannot be supported by the economic evidence. Friedman asserts that your plan will have huge beneficial impacts on growth rates, income and employment that exceed even the most grandiose predictions by Republicans about the impact of their tax cut proposals.As much as we wish it were so, no credible economic research supports economic impacts of these magnitudes. Making such promises runs against our party s best traditions of evidence-based policy making and undermines our reputation as the party of responsible arithmetic. These claims undermine the credibility of the progressive economic agenda and make it that much more difficult to challenge the unrealistic claims made by Republican candidates. With Goolsbee even going so far as to separately also say,  they ve evolved into magic flying puppies with winning Lotto tickets tied to their collars  when he was commenting on another summation of Sanders  proposals by another progressive analyst.It seems pretty harsh, but it also seems they clearly to want to get their point across.Featured image from Flickr",0
8034, President Obama Mocks Conservatives That Claim To Be Constitutional Scholars (VIDEO),"President Barack Obama has addressed the ridiculous demands that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Republicans like presidential candidate Ted Cruz have placed on him, insisting that he forego nominating a new Supreme Court justice after the sudden passing of Justice Antonin Scalia.This takedown moment came at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations Leaders Summit in California, where Obama sent his  heartfelt condolences  to Scalia s loved ones. When he was asked what he would do if McConnell actually went through with threats to block his SCOTUS nominee, Obama ripped the Republicans a new one by reminding them that it was his constitutional duty to find a replacement, and that it was their constitutional duty to  do their job  and vote on his nominee. He said: The Constitution is pretty clear about what s supposed to happen now: When there s a vacancy on the Supreme Court, the President of the United States is to nominate someone. The senate is to consider that nomination and either they disapprove of that nominee or that nominee is elevated to the Supreme Court.Historically, this has not been viewed as a question. Obama, who is actually a former constitutional law professor, then hilariously mocked the Republican lawmakers who tried to deny his presidential duties with ridiculous interpretations of the U.S. Constitution: I m amused when I hear people who claim to be strict interpreters of the Constitution suddenly reading into it a whole series of provisions that are not there. We ve almost gotten accustomed to how obstructionist the Senate has become when it comes to nominations. In some ways, this argument is just an extension of what we ve seen in the Senate, generally. Obama voiced his disappointment in the Republicans  resolve to stop him, noting that the Supreme Court is  the one court where we would expect elected officials to rise above day-to-day politics.  Going forward, Obama suggested that it would be  a good moment for us to rise above  the resistance and obstructionism in Congress.Then, Obama said another thing the GOP wouldn t like   that they were far from discouraging him from fulfilling his responsibility to nominate, in due time, a very well-qualified candidate.  Obama said: If we are following basic precedent, then that nominee will be presented before the committees, the vote will be taken and, ultimately, they will be confirmed. Although Obama didn t reveal who he would choose, the president did assure everyone that We re going to find somebody who is an outstanding legal mind, somebody who cares deeply about our democracy and cares about rule of law. I m going to present somebody who indisputably is qualified for the seat, and any fair-minded person, even somebody who disagrees with my politics, would say would serve with honor and integrity on the court. You can watch Obama take down Republicans at the conference below: Featured image via Pete Souza",0
8035, Here’s What The World’s Top Economist Is Saying About Bernie Sanders,"Thomas Piketty, the French economist who started a revolution of thought on income inequality when he wrote Capital in the Twenty-First Century. He is now considered one of the world s top economists. He is now sharing his thoughts on Bernie Sanders and the movement that is driving his campaignPikkety agrees that Bernie Sanders and his supporters have the right idea when it comes to economics. Though the economist suggests that Sanders may be too  white  and too old to win an election.Other than those two caveats, Pikkety gives Bernie Sanders a glowing, if tacit, endorsement, writing that,  In many respects, we are witnessing the end of the politico-ideological cycle opened by the victory of Ronald Reagan at the 1980 elections. Conservatism in the media may have something to do with the reason Pikkety is critical of Sanders  electability with racial and other political minorities. Recent polls show the race between Sanders and Clinton is a dead heat. Polls seem to indicate that the main difference between Clinton supporters and Sanders supporters is generational.Piketty goes on to say that Sanders is reviving the progressive agenda. He writes: Sanders  success today shows that much of America is tired of rising inequality and these so-called political changes, and intends to revive both a progressive agenda and the American tradition of egalitarianism. Hillary Clinton, who fought to the left of Barack Obama in 2008 on topics such as health insurance, appears today as if she is defending the status quo, just another heiress of the Reagan-Clinton-Obama political regime.Sanders makes clear he wants to restore progressive taxation and a higher minimum wage ($15 an hour). To this he adds free healthcare and higher education in a country where inequality in access to education has reached unprecedented heights, highlighting a gulf standing between the lives of most Americans, and the soothing meritocratic speeches pronounced by the winners of the system.Meanwhile, the Republican party sinks into a hyper-nationalist, anti-immigrant and anti-Islam discourse (even though Islam isn t a great religious force in the country), and a limitless glorification of the fortune amassed by rich white people. The judges appointed under Reagan and Bush have lifted any legal limitation on the influence of private money in politics, which greatly complicates the task of candidates like Sanders. Since the oh so tragic passing of Justice Antonio Scalia, the Supreme Court may have the votes needed to end Citizen s United. That would be a major gift to future progressive candidates   Berniecrats   who would abstain from SuperPACs.The way that this election is playing out, it appears that we are witnessing a battle of generations be played out more than anything else. Regardless of who takes the nomination in this election, Sanders  supporters are very much the face of the future of the left.Featured image from Gage Skidmore [CC BY-SA 3.0], via Wikimedia Commons",0
8036, WATCH: Fox News Gets BURNED By The Monster They Created,"Fox News created a monster, and now he is eating them alive.Over the course of President Obama s presidency, Fox News gleefully welcomed Donald Trump to the studio, whether in person or via telephone to make crazy attacks against him, thus instantly making him a star among the network s conservative viewers.And it seems like the honeymoon between Fox and Trump would never end as Fox initially supported Trump s presidential campaign.But then Trump totally turned against Fox News, particularly host Megyn Kelly, and it s been downhill ever since.As Trump continues to lead in the Republican primary polls by a large margin, he has been able to keep massive support from conservatives while repeatedly attacking Fox News.And the Republican billionaire continued slamming Fox News on Wednesday morning at a rally in South Carolina and on Twitter, where he took aim at Fox for being biased. Fox News is so biased it is disgusting,  Trump wrote, accusing the network of of trying to kill his campaign via negative messaging..@FoxNews is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 17, 2016Trump then expanded upon his attack during the rally. I get treated so badly. I was watching Fox this morning. They treat me so badly. Fox treats me, like, worse than anybody. But I get treated badly by the media. I don t even   I don t really understand why. They have pundits on that are just one after another negative, negative, negative. It started where actually nobody   they all thought I wasn t going to run and they said,  he ll never run, he ll never run  and then they look bad and then they just don t stop. Some of them have become much better but I think Fox in particular treats me so badly, it s incredible. Here s the video via YouTube.Because of Trump, it s very possible that Fox s audience is now split on how to feel about the network, which affect ratings. And remember, Fox News only has themselves to blame. Featured image from Wikimedia",0
8037, Long Lost Footage Of Bernie Being Arrested At Civil Rights Protest In 1963 Silences His Critics (VIDEO),"A team of documentary filmmakers made what may be a discovery of intense historical importance while working on a project looking at Chicago school protests through the decades. In extremely rare footage, they think they found a previously unknown recording of a very young Bernie Sanders getting roughly arrested while he staged a protest against school segregation in 1963.It has been public knowledge that Sanders was arrested during his time at the University of Chicago for protesting racism during the Civil Rights Movement. However, for many of his critics, seeing is believing.For reasons that remain baffling, many of Sanders  critics   both on the right and on the left   have spent this election accusing the Democratic presidential candidate of insufficient sincerity when he speaks out against racism and discusses social justice issues. Salon channeled these criticisms in an unevenly cooked thinkpiece on Sanders:Writing recently in Vox, Dara Lind pointed out Sanders  near total blindness to black and Latino issues at his campaign s opening, with almost nothing expressly addressing matters of racial justice to be found in speeches and campaign literature. Sanders is a white politician from the whitest state in the union, and his intense focus on economic populism sounds incomplete in the post-Ferguson moment. Sanders only recently infused his stump speech with matters of racial justice, and despite his rapid and surprising success, a recent NBC/WSJ poll found him to be what the New York Times called a  virtual unknown among black voters.  Sanders will certainly have to do more to gain the much-needed black vote once the campaign leaves the very white Iowa and New Hampshire.But perhaps the reason why so many people seem to believe Sanders has a  total blindness to black and Latino issues  is because he isn t always talking about them, but actually doing something about them   rare for a politician, I know. Being able to see Sanders, a very young man who wasn t trying to pander for votes or win an election, get roughed up by Chicago police officers while fighting for racial justice in his school is a powerful moment. How many other candidates can say the same?It should be noted that 1963 was a pretty scary time for civil rights activists. Protests would routinely end in violence, often at the hands of the police who were tasked with  keeping the peace.  From the footage above, we can see that the police weren t exactly known for their light touch. Just one year after Sanders  arrest, several white activists who traveled to Mississippi to organize voting rights protests were murdered in cold blood. For African-Americans it was even more dangerous. In the Jim Crow South, lynchings and organized terror campaigns by both vigilante groups like the KKK and state-endorsed cops were common. Standing up for what you believed in took an incredible amount of courage.In Chicago, a supposedly  liberal  city in the North, things were still dominated by racism. At the time, segregated public schools had led to massively overpopulated and run down black schools. Rather than integrate, a racist CPS Superintendent named Benjamin Willis threw many black students into sweltering aluminum trailers and passed those metal boxes off as  classrooms.  Critics had another name: Willis Wagons.  It was among these Willis Wagon farms that Sanders was arrested.If the definition of character is what you do when nobody is watching, then the critics of Sanders legacy of civil rights activism have very little ground to complain. Five decades ago Sanders was just a university student who saw injustice and decided to fight against it.Feature image via Vimeo",0
8038, Bette Midler Uses Cruz And Trump’s Own Insults Against Them In This DELICIOUSLY Vulgar Tweet,"Bette Midler has been busy sticking it to the GOP Clown Car candidates on Twitter. It s easy to do; after all the lot of them are a national embarrassment. The Devine Miss M. just took her Twitter treatment of Clown #1 and Clown #2   Donald Trump and Ted Cruz   to the next level, and this time it was their own words she used to give them yet another much deserved insult. Midler sent out a tweet on Wednesday afternoon that read: Trump called Ted Cruz a  pussy ? Well, Trump s a dick so maybe they should get together and fuck off! Trump called Ted Cruz a ""pussy""? Well, Trump's a dick so maybe they should get together and fuck off!  Bette Midler (@BetteMidler) February 15, 2016What s so awesome about this is that Bette Midler didn t even need to come up with this on her own   Trump and Cruz just handed her all the ammunition she needed, and she took it and fired the perfect shot. Likely, if Trump, at least, has seen this, he is likely foaming at the mouth and seething. That also means he likely is just itching to attack Midler in one of his infamously childish Twitter rants.However, even Trump must know better than to do that. Bette Midler is a universally loved icon. He d be a fool to go after her so publicly.Keep up the good work, Ms. Midler. We here in the party of sanity are loving it.Featured image via Bette Midler Twitter",0
8039," Ben Carson STUNS Republicans, Admits Democrats Are Right (AUDIO)","It looks as though Republican presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson didn t thoroughly read his GOP politicking handbook, because if he had, he wouldn t have said what he just did on the radio.While discussing if the president should nominate a new Supreme Court Justice after the passing of Justice Antonin Scalia, Carson basically told the folks over on WRNN 99.5 FM in South Carolina that President Obama should nominate someone. He was given the hypothetical question of if there was a Republican president in office would all these candidates be asking them to wait to nominate, and Carson replied,  No, they wouldn t. Continuing, he said: But then again, recognize that the two picks that the president has selected are ideologues, so there s really no reason to believe that his next pick wouldn t be an ideologue also. However, Carson never says that Obama shouldn t nominate anyone. He instead said that Supreme Court Justices should have term limits and not be able to endlessly serve until they either die or choose to retire.Carson is drifting away from the lockstep argument coming from Republicans that Obama should hold off and let the next president nominate. He clearly knows that the president is within his right as Commander-in-Chief to make the choice and pick someone new to put before Congress. He also is seemingly admitting that the Democrats have been right this whole time in their explanation of why the president should be nominating someone new to replace Scalia. He undoubtedly sees the double standard they are throwing Obama s way. That double standard being: it s okay for Republicans to nominate in an election year (like Reagan did), but not Democrats.Truth be told, Republicans are panicking. They know they just lost their most conservative voice on the Supreme Court and his replacement has been left in the hands of the very progressive President Obama. The irony is palpable.You can listen to Carson here:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/247271609  params= color=ff5500  width= 100%  height= 166  iframe= true  /]Featured image: Flickr",0
8040, Ted Cruz Staffer Goes Full-Sharia Law: ‘Separation Of Church And State Is A Myth’ (VIDEO),"In the frenzy over Donald Trump s meteoric rise in the polls, many voters seem to have forgotten that his closest competitor, Sen. Ted Cruz, is equally nutty, just as much of a liar, and possibly even more dangerous.In South Carolina, Cruz s entire campaign rests on appealing to the state s deeply religious conservative population. Unfortunately, he s still losing to Trump by a wide margin   even among evangelicals. As a last-ditch effort, Cruz appears to have tapped his  South Carolina Evangelical Chairman,  a conservative pastor named Mike Gonzalez, to promise Christian Republicans the one thing that Trump won t: An American theocracy.On MSNBC, Gonzalez told host Joy Reid that a Ted Cruz presidency would be based in Christianity. What about the Constitution which strictly prohibits that? Easy, explained Pastor Gonzalez, the separation of Church and State is a lie and Cruz sees that. Well, the reality of it is that this idea of the separation of church and state is a myth. I mean, you bring your faith into the marketplace like you do anything else. So Ted Cruz is a   will be a president not just, you know who is a preacher and pastor in the White House, That s not the idea. I believe all Americans can rally around Ted Cruz because he upholds the constitution. I believe all Americans want to truly uphold the law. Some of the laws Cruz doesn t believe should be upheld: Healthcare reform (he shutdown the government trying to stop it). Gay marriage (he tried to shut down the government trying to stop it). Abortion rights. Welfare programs. The right of a (Democratic) president to pick Supreme Court justices. The list goes on.Reid wasn t buying Gonzalez s crap. Immediately, she pushed back on the idea that the Constitution was cool with Ted Cruz establishing a theocracy. The separation of church and state is not a myth, it s a constitutional fact. It s a fact on the ground. It s a part of our constitutional makeup. The founding fathers were explicit that they did not want to have a national church. Can a candidate like Ted Cruz run on essentially saying he would ignore that part of the constitution, if you re saying he s a president who would actually run on the constitution? As Mediaite s Tommy Christopher pointed out, Cruz has been pretty explicit about the idea that he would run the White House as if it were his personal church. I m a Christian first, I m an American second, I m a conservative third, and I m a Republican fourth, and that s part of the problem, is that there are too many people who don t have that ordering correct. It s becoming clear that the voters supporting Cruz are hoping to fulfill their wish of reversing many of the secular and progressive laws that have been passed in the last few decades (particularly under Obama). As we ve seen with the battle over gay marriage, the issue is never about the rights of other people, but imposing conservative Christian beliefs on everyone in America. For that, Cruz is their man.Watch the scary exchange below.Featured image from MSNBC",0
8041, Coolest Mom Ever: Adele Lets Her Son Dress As Anna From ‘Frozen’ At Disneyland (IMAGES),"Coming off from her latest record-breaking album and a performance at the GRAMMYs, singer/songwriter extraordinaire Adele decided to take some downtime and enjoy Disneyland with her partner Simon Konecki and son Angelo.Her security detail must have been fierce, and day guided by Disney s wonderful cast members, but as you can see in the picture below, she and her little family seemed to have the time of their lives strolling through the park and clearly buying up a lot of the merchandise.Something else was noticed in the photos, too. Adele s son appears to be enjoying his fun-filled day at the park dressed as  Anna  from Disney s mega-hit Frozen, complete with dress and ballet flats. It seems as if the singer is allowing her son to completely be himself and choose what he wants to like and enjoy.1. Adele let her son dress up as Anna from Frozen. Amazing. 2. Peter is smiling cuz Disneyland pic.twitter.com/NwWb4BSN8C  Marc (@MarcMonster) February 16, 2016This, of course, isn t the first time the superstar made it known that she s supportive of her son no matter what. Back in 2012 she told TIME magazine that she ll always accept him. He makes me so proud of myself, and he makes me like myself so much. I ve never not liked myself. I don t have hangups like that. But I m so proud of myself that I made him in my belly   I can t wait to know who his best friends are going to be, who his girlfriend or his boyfriend is going to be or what movies he likes   Whatever my kid wants to do or be I will always support him no matter what. And she s clearly holding true to her word.Adele s son Angelo isn t the only little guy who enjoys the amazing fashion of Frozen. Just last fall, another parent made news on Facebook when he posted a picture of his son in his Halloween costume of choice as  Elsa. Here s the thing about childhood. It s important to let your kids be kids and have fun, and Adele seems to perfectly be doing just that.Featured image: DailyMail",0
8042, Idaho Republicans Push Bill To Let Teachers Use Bible In Science Class,"Students in Idaho are one vote away from having the Bible shoved down their throats in every subject in school.The Republican-dominated Senate education committee voted to advance Senate Bill 1321, which would permit the use of the Bible by teachers in classrooms across the state for a wide variety of subjects.According to the bill,The Bible is expressly permitted to be used in Idaho public schools for reference purposes to further the study of literature, comparative religion, English and foreign languages, United States and world history, comparative government, law, philosophy, ethics, astronomy, biology, geology, world geography, archaeology, music, sociology, and other topics of study where an understanding of the Bible may be useful or relevant. No student will be required to use any religious texts for reference purposes if the student or parents of the student object.Bill sponsor state Sen. Sheryl Nuxoll said her bill is to protect teachers because they are  scared to use the Bible  in their classrooms.And they should be scared to do so. The Bible has no place in most of the subjects mentioned and would not provide any useful information that would enhance the facts being taught, especially in science classes.The Bible s role in world history is indisputable but reading from the Bible is totally unnecessary to make that point.Clearly, this is an effort by conservative  Christians  to sneak Bible reading into schools to indoctrinate students. And it s unlikely that many students will feel free to object since teachers and other students can be bullies when it comes to religious fervor. There s also the question of whether school officials would actually properly inform students of their rights or whether school officials would actually inform parents that the Bible is being used in their child s classes.Make no mistake, this bill would allow conservative  Christian  teachers to force creationism upon their students in science class as a viable alternative to evolution. It would also allow teachers to tell students that God causes natural disasters to punish us while using the Bible as proof, not to mention the way the Bible could be used in history classes to teach that America was founded as a Christian nation even though the facts say otherwise.The bottom line is that the only institution the Bible belongs in is the church, but clearly, conservatives are so desperate to keep their dying religious beliefs alive that they are willing to blatantly violate separation of church and state to do it, even if it means making Idaho kids the worst educated in America.Featured Image: Berkeley",0
8043, John Kasich Will Create A Government Agency To Promote Christianity (VIDEO),"Republican presidential candidate John Kasich is promoting his idea to create a new government agency that would promote Christianity around the world.Kasich touted the idea recently during an interview on NBC News.According to Kasich, the agency s job would be to  revive what we used to do when we beamed messages into the former Soviet Union. Kasich went on to say that his new agency would  Beam messages around the world about what it means to have a western ethic, to be part of a Judeo-Christian society. Kasich has managed to remain under the radar thus far in the presidential primaries, thanks to his undeserved reputation as a  moderate republican. The idea that the Ohio governor is somehow less insane than other GOP candidates competing for the party s nomination is simply absurd.Kasich is clearly just as dangerous and extreme as his republican rivals, maybe more so, given his ability to pass himself off as a  middle-of-the-road candidate. In case you have any doubts, listen to Kasich explain his idea for a government-sponsored propaganda agency, which would promote Christianity not only around the world but right here in the United States, as well.Here s video of the interview, via NBC News.Kasich likes to hype himself as a  small government  republican.Yet during this interview, Kasich made it clear that he is dead-serious about creating an agency that would not just expand government, it would authorize government to become the official, worldwide distributor of Christian propaganda.In order to keep government from ever getting involved in the distribution of religious propaganda, the First Amendment of the United States Constitution strictly forbids government from passing any law establishing, prohibiting or promoting any religion.Kasich s idea for creating a government agency that would distribute Christian propaganda, at the expense of taxpayers, is exactly the kind of thing the First Amendment was designed to keep the government from doing.While on the surface, there may seem to be a difference between one republican candidate and the next, don t believe it.Every one of these right wing nuts is intent on turning the U.S. government into the distribution and enforcement arm of the Christian church.John Kasich is no less extreme than Ted Cruz, a Christian Dominionist who wants to seize every aspect of society, from government to education to the media, in order to further his own religious beliefs.And Kasich and Cruz are no more extreme than Marco Rubio, who declared in a recent campaign ad that  our goal is eternity, before going on to quote a bunch of random Bible verses, which he s obviously sure will help get him elected.While all of the 2016 republican candidates may be well-suited to open their own mega-churches or launch a right wing radio program, not a single one of them is fit to become the next president of the United States.Featured image from video screen capture via NBC News",0
8044," Trump Supporters Attack Latina Protester, Get Invited On Stage By Trump (VIDEO)","Another person was attacked at a Trump rally in what has become a theme at Trump events since the billionaire businessman threw in his hat for the Republican nomination for the presidency.This time, a young Latina woman had a poster denouncing Trump s stance on immigration ripped out of her hand by two men. The men were praised by Trump for their  courage.  In fact, Trump was so elated that he gleefully recounted the entire attack.   I saw fists start to fly,  Trump said, calling her a  rough cookie.  He then gave praise to the attackers, saying.  I love people with courage. But, it gets crazier than that. After the protester is escorted out of the building (she flipped Trump off with two her two middle fingers), Trump invited the attackers on stage to make speeches. After some cuddling and hugging between Trump and his two heroes, one man took the mic and said: Do not let them intimidate you. They will say anything, they will do anything to keep in power. We don t need who is in there now. We need to get some fresh bunch up there, some fresh blood. As the crowd roared and cheered, the second man, an Iraq war veteran, said: If it wasn t for Mr. Trump right here, I don t think any of us would have the voice that we have. This is the only man who is really going to bring America back. This is not the first time that Trump has praised attacks on protesters. When a protester from Black Lives Matter was roughed up at a Trump rally, Trump defended the actions of his supporters: Maybe he should have been roughed up. It was disgusting what he was doing. In August, when two men inspired by Trump s racism beat and urinated on a Latino man, Trump put a different spin on things: They love this country and they want this country to be great again. Trump rallies are indicative of what a Trump presidency would look like: chaotic, racist, and violent.Watch Video Here:Featured image from video screen capture",0
8045, Bette Midler’s Brilliant Tweet Perfectly Exposes The Sad Irony Of Jeb Bush’s Gun (TWEET),"Let s just say, hypothetically, that Donald Trump is right about something. Let s say that Jeb Bush is a low energy dweeb who nobody seems to want to get behind. Let s assume that Jeb Bush will, in fact, do or say anything to bring his campaign into double digits, with the exception of refraining from that goofy head tilt and nod thing he s got going on.If that were true, Jeb Bush would probably go the route of route of Ted Cruz, whose ripped off  machine gun bacon  stunt gave him a boost with hill folk and other rednecks who just love guns and bacon. If Jeb Bush were to do it, it wouldn t be wearing full camo so the bacon can t see the dangerous predator ready to kill it. At least the noble already-dead beast will not go to waste.Jeb Bush would post a picture of his beloved gun with the caption  America,  because Jeb Bush is a desperate fool at this point who would claim to be getting regular visits from Jesus Christ in a Volkswagen bus if it were trendy:America. pic.twitter.com/TeduJkwQF3  Jeb Bush (@JebBush) February 16, 2016How sad is that? That Jeb Bush could choose to Tweet that garbage goes miles in showing what he would look like in the White House. Not to mention he d look with his terrible posture firing that thing.Who better to school him on the sad irony of his nifty little gun than Bette Midler:Jeb Bush tweeted a pic of his handgun with the caption ""America."" With over 300 mass shootings last year, maybe that IS our national symbol.  Bette Midler (@BetteMidler) February 17, 2016I mean seriously. Who couldn t see that coming? The Divine Miss M went ahead and pointed out the obvious, extremely disturbing elephant in the room that stupid Jeb tweets is sitting in   guns are undeniably and embarrassingly American. Argue about the murder rate in Honduras all you want, conservatives. Show a picture of that gun to people around the world and ask them the first country that comes to mind.Bette Midler is incredibly insightful. Her laser-guided efforts to humiliate anything GOP are becoming legendary. It s always a pleasure to have her weigh in to make Jeb Bush look stupid.Featured images from Twitter screen captures ",0
8046," ‘Safe’ Nuclear Power Plant Continues To Leak Radioactive Waste, Corporate Greed To Blame","The Indian Point nuclear power plant in New York is under investigation, again, because of yet another leak of tritium, a dangerous waste byproduct:The amount of radioactive tritium leaking from the Indian Point nuclear power plant is growing, officials said Wednesday, prompting Gov. Cuomo to launch a multiagency probe into operations at the troubled plant.New samples from groundwater monitoring wells show 80% higher concentrations of tritium compared with when the leak was first reported Saturday.Cuomo had already ordered the state health and environmental conservation commissioners to investigate the incident. But on Wednesday, he ordered a more sweeping investigation that also includes the Department of Public Service.The private company that runs the plant, unsurprisingly, said that there s no threat to the public but that s what nuclear power plant operators always say even after rates of cancer and birth deformities go up in nearby towns.Entergy spokesman Jerry Nappi said the contaminated water was not going into the nearby Hudson River or sources of drinking water. Some organizations who are longtime opponents of nuclear power will take opportunities to try and frighten the public,  said Nappi.  The fact is this issue did not and cannot impact human health or any aquatic life in the river. Frighten the public indeed. And I m not even going to bring up the ongoing disaster in Fukushima.Advocates for nuclear power say that it is a safe technology and certainly not as dangerous as fossil fuels. But putting aside the massive problem of storing nuclear waste (a problem we have not even come remotely close to solving, by the way), the single greatest danger of nuclear power is what we are seeing at Indian Point: human error and corporate greed.As the energy companies that run these power plants look to squeeze more money out of their facilities, they cut corners. Those cut corners inevitably result in  accidents  that end up irradiating the surrounding environment. Then the power companies throw up their hands and claim it couldn t have been avoided, spend millions to crush lawsuits and give their CEOs giant bonuses for a job well done.This is a similar pattern to what we ve seen at coal mines that suffer avoidable explosions and cave-ins as well as at oil companies that continue to use  bomb trains with little to no regard for the towns they threaten to vaporize. The money lost to these  accidents  is less than the money made by cutting corners so there is every incentive to place the public s health at risk. It s not like the executives live or work near the areas impacted by their greed, after all, so who cares if a few hundred kids get thyroid cancer from a little extra something in their drinking water?Sure, nuclear power CAN be safe when done properly. But as long as  Privatize the gains, socialize the risk  remains the status quo with no possibility of prison time for greedy executives, nuclear power will remain an existential threat to everyone living anywhere near  safe  power plants like Indian Point.Featured image via screen capture.",0
8047," Bundy Terrorists Dug Feces-Filled Trench On Sacred Land, Left All Kinds Of Stuff Behind","Now that the Bundy terrorists have been arrested, federal investigators have begun the painstaking task of collecting evidence of crimes committed during the 41 day-long occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge.According to Oregonlive, federal officials have discovered numerous explosives, firearms and a large trench, filled with human feces.During the standoff, members of the terrorist group recorded a video of themselves riffling through boxes of Native American artifacts. As you likely remember, the terrorists claimed that the federal government was  disrespecting Native American culture and heritage,  by storing boxes of artifacts in the basement of one of the buildings on the refuge.While the video made by the militants was meant to convince the public that the group cared about the history and culture of the Paiute people, according to federal officials, the terrorists excavated a road  on or adjacent to grounds containing sensitive artifacts. They also dug a trench in the same area, and then shit in it.According to Assistant U.S. Attorneys Ethan Knight and Geoffrey Barrow, the FBI Evidence Response Team has found a  significant amount  of human feces located on or near these sacred grounds.In a memo released on Tuesday, officials said the FBI crime unit continues to gather evidence of additional crimes committed by the terrorists on  a particularly sensitive cultural site,  where the group also chose to set up their outdoor camp.Federal investigators released the information in response to requests by defense attorneys, who are representing the Bundy terrorists, asking the government to  preserve evidence in the case. Oregonlive also reports that,The government further will make all evidence seized in the investigation available for inspection at the FBI field office in Portland, prosecutors said.Would that include evidence from the trench of human feces the militants left behind?A better idea might be to box it all up and send it directly to the terrorists in their jail cells, in lieu of snacks.Image credit from DonkeyHotey via Flckr",0
8048, History Professor Shuts Down Ted Cruz’s Lies About Supreme Court History With Facts,"Ted Cruz is having a rough week, and now he just received a failing grade from a history professor.Ever since Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia passed away on Saturday, Cruz has peddled the same lie over and over that  it has been 80 years since a Supreme Court vacancy was nominated and confirmed in an election year. There is a long tradition that you don t do this in an election year. It s an obvious attempt by Cruz and Republicans to keep President Obama from nominating a qualified individual that Senate Republicans would have to consider in confirmation hearings.As a former clerk for the Supreme Court, you would think that Ted Cruz would know the history of the high court, but he clearly doesn t make the grade.And history professor Mark Byrnes at Wofford College in Spartanburg, South Carolina agrees.In an article written for History News Network, Byrnes mercilessly fact-checked Cruz  claim suggesting that it s an American tradition that the Senate does not confirm judicial nominees during an election year.Since Ted Cruz is always singing the praises of the Founding Fathers, Byrnes began by revealing that John Adams and George Washington both nominated Supreme Court Justices during their final months in office.According to Byrnes,In the final year of his presidency, George Washington had two nominations to the Supreme Court approved by the Senate. It was an election year and he was not running for reelection. It doesn t get more  original intent  than that.Adams  case is even more relevant because he nominated John Marshall for Chief Justice in January 1801 after being defeated in the 1800 Election by Thomas Jefferson mere months before leaving office. Adams was a lame duck in the truest sense of the term he was serving out the remainder of his term after being repudiated by the voters. Yet he did not hesitate to fill the vacancy in the Supreme Court, and Marshall was confirmed by a lame duck Senate,  Byrnes wrote.Adams could easily have left the Supreme Court vacancy for Jefferson who had already been elected, after all, and would take office in a matter of weeks and didn t. That seems as clear as it could be. The founders saw no impediment to a president in the final year or even in the final weeks of the presidency successfully appointing new justices to the Supreme Court.Byrnes then tacked Cruz s claim about the last 80 years, and of course, Cruz fails history again as Byrnes absolutely laid waste the alternative history in the Texas Senator s head.The facts are pretty simple. In the last 80 years there has only been one instance in which a president was in a position to nominate a justice in an election year and did not have the nominee confirmed. In 1968, LBJ s nomination of Abe Fortas to be Chief Justice to succeed Earl Warren (and of Homer Thornberry to take the seat held by Fortas) was blocked in the Senate, but not because of some alleged  tradition.  Certainly there were Senators who wanted the next president to name a new justice. But the opposition to Fortas had everything to do with the specific nominee and specific objections to him (particularly charges of cronyism and inappropriate financial dealings). To the best of my knowledge, no one cited Cruz s  tradition  to say it was not appropriate for Johnson to nominate someone, or that it would have been inappropriate to confirm anyone.A second instance took place 28 years earlier. In 1940, FDR nominated Frank Murphy in January of that election year and he was confirmed that same month. There was no  tradition  blocking that election-year appointment. (This also shows that Cruz got the math wrong this happened 76 years ago, not 80.)So, there were two instances similar to the current situation in the last 80 years. In one case the nomination was rejected and in the other it wasn t. To Ted Cruz, this constitutes  a long tradition that you don t do this. In conclusion, Byrnes blasted Republicans for being cowards by hiding behind this  phony tradition,  and rightfully so. President Obama is still the commander-in-chief no matter how much Republicans pretend that he isn t. And they have a constitutional duty to give any Obama nominee an up or down vote. Because anything less would betray everything the Founding Fathers stood for. Featured image: Flickr",0
8049," I Let A Pit Bull Near My Baby, And This Is What Happened (IMAGES)","This is a two-year-old American Pit Bull Terrier (APBT). Her name is Akamara.This is a human baby. His name is Siegmund.Siegmund first met Akamara the day after he was born. We NEVER leave Siegmund alone with Akamara   after all, she s dangerous to him. She might quite literally snuggle him to death! Here s what happens:She gets pretty sad about it, but she s only allowed to put her head near him, and only with eyes on her at all times. He s just too small and she s too insistently snuggly.She really wants to lay on that pillow.Nothing to see here, just a ferocious pit bull trying to cuddle with a two-day-old baby.He s almost two weeks old now, and she s getting pretty impatient about it. Why isn t he petting her? Why will he not play tug?Akamara really can t help but cuddle the baby. It s her instinct! Little known to most people, but American Pit Bull Terriers   one of several breeds commonly referred to under the broad title  pit bulls    are nanny dogs. As the United Kennel Club (UKC), which recognizes and classifies APBTs as a breed, states in their breed standard:  APBTs make excellent family companions and have always been noted for their love of children. They make bad guard dogs, by the way   they re too friendly. Friendlier than you d believe. The American Temperament Test Society rates them higher than many common family breeds, such as golden retrievers! Here s an interesting video by Animalist on pit bulls:// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/all.js#xfbml=1""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs); }(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Dogfighting has existed probably since humans domesticated dogs, and has flourished during the last century as an underground sport. Pit bulls are favored for a number of reasons, but that s not their fault, and it certainly isn t due to their temperament. It s because they bite hard, and when you factor in their size, they bite extremely hard.You can take a territorial, defensive dog   a normal personality type across most breeds, which requires socialization and training as a pup to deter aggression   and turn them into a fighter. It s criminal, but possible. And those dogs, if rescued, may suffer from PTSD or other mental trauma that increases the chances of an attack, especially if rescued by an inexperienced or unprepared owner. But it s not the breed. It s the choice by dog fighters to use the breed. Even if you restrict the breed, they ll find another.If it came down to it, dogfighters would probably pit chihuahuas against each other. It s the sport and the blood. It s the breeders and fighters, not the dogs. We don t put city-wide bans on cars that can go over 50 mph because a few people are souping them up and racing them. We arrest the racers and take their misused cars away.Akamara is a rescue, but a victim of only neglect. I got her at six months old with mange, no inoculations, and a desperate need for attention. Her immune system was extremely deficient due to mange and allergies, and she s struggled with secondary ear infections her entire young life. I would not advise rescuing an adult dog with unknown history in a house with children.Just remember, this isn t what most pit bulls look like:This is:",0
8050, Bernie Is Too Far Left To Get Anything Done? This ONE FACT Puts That Lie To Bed,"There s a myth running afoul within Democratic and Republican circles (but mostly among Democrats) that Bernie Sanders is  too progressive  to actually get anything accomplished in Washington if elected president. To drive this point home, some on the campaign trail are pointing to his record of accomplishments on Capital Hill, noting that he has only had three (yes   3) bills passed into law that he s sponsored over 25 years in Congress. Doesn t sound like that great of a record, does it? Yet   what they fail to mention is that his record of successes is almost IDENTICAL to Hillary Clinton s. In fact, Sanders has a higher success rate.We back this up with proven numbers. Go to Congress.gov. You can look up every single bill that present (and past) members of Congress have ever sponsored/co-sponsored during their entire time as elected representatives of the people.Bernie Sanders sponsored 780 bills. He also co-sponsored 5,430 bills. Out of his sponsored bills, only three became law, meaning his success rate = .38 percent. Once you factor in his sponsored bills with his co-sponsored bills, his success rate isn t all that much improved. Out of 6,210 bills, only 206 became law.That brings his total success rate to 3.3 percent.Hillary sponsored 703 laws and guess what, only 3 became law (the same as Bernie). That gives her a success rate of .42 percent. That s barely above Sanders. But   take a look at what happens when you factor in her co-sponsored bills. Out of the 3,379 bills she supported, only 77 became law.That gives her a total success rate of 2.2 percent.That s below Sanders, but, we ll just go ahead and say they re nearly identical.So, as we were saying, there s a myth going around that Sanders can t get anything done because he s too far left, but as you can see, his record of accomplishments in Congress isn t that far off from Hillary s (at least according to the official Congressional record). If this isn t absolute proof, then we don t know what is.The truth is, it s not that far-left progressives can t get anything done in Washington, it s that Congress is set up in a way that makes it virtually impossible for anyone to get anything passed. That s the way it s supposed to be (by design). That s why Bernie has continuously said on the campaign trail that it s absolutely imperative that people become more involved (and vote), otherwise, they won t see the change they re hoping for, no matter if he (or anyone else for that matter) is elected president. This nonsense about him being  too progressive to get anything passed  needs to stop, no matter who you support for the nomination.Featured image via Bernie Sanders",0
8051, PRESIDENTIAL? Trump Used Influence To Vouch For Repeat Felon Because They Were Friends,"When Donald Trump launched his presidential campaign, he infamously blamed Mexican immigrants for bringing crime to America. Specifically, he accused them of being rapists and for trafficking drugs to the United States. He also has blamed the epidemic of heroin addiction on the southern border, as part of his campaign to blame many of society s ills on minorities (including blacks and Muslims).But unlike the vast majority of Latino immigrants who work hard and follow the law, Trump is on record vouching for the character of a convicted cocaine trafficker. The Smoking Gun obtained the documents showing Trump engaged in the questionable defense of a shady character.In advance of Joseph Weichselbaum s November 1987 sentencing by a U.S. District Court judge, Trump wrote that the drug trafficker was  conscientious, forthright, diligent and a credit to the community. At the time Trump wrote his character reference letter, Weichselbaum, then in his mid-40s, was already a twice-convicted felon. In addition to his 1986 plea to federal cocaine distribution and income tax charges, Weichselbaum s rap sheet included prior convictions for grand theft auto and the embezzlement of more than $130,000 from a Brooklyn manufacturing firm where he worked for a decade.The site reports that the drug trafficker provided services to Trump at the time, shuttling high rolling casino clients on his helicopter to Trump s casinos in Atlantic City (before they went belly-up and bankrupt, of course). His firm also  maintained, stored, and provided pilots for Trump s personal $10 million Super Puma helicopter. Weichselbaum isn t even the only lawbreaking helicopter owner who rubbed shoulders with the current Republican presidential front runner. The Smoking Gun notes another Trump pal:John Staluppi, a Colombo crime family member, was an owner of Dillinger Charter Services, which flew gamblers into Atlantic City on behalf of Trump and other casino licensees.Like other unseemly news, the diehard Trump fans who have handed him the current edge in GOP delegates are unlikely to be concerned about their idol s indiscretions. But stories like this are sure to be fodder for Democrats and their allies in the fall, as they don t fear a tongue-lashing from Trump like Bush, Cruz, and their acolytes seem to fear.Featured image via Flickr/The Smoking Gun",0
8052, Obama BURNED Trump With The Truth About His Campaign And Chance Of Winning (VIDEO),"President Obama was asked during a press conference what his thoughts were on the likelihood of a Donald Trump presidency. Pulling no punches, he laid out exactly why Donald Trump will never be president: I continue to believe Mr. Trump will not be president, and the reason is because I have a lot of faith in the American people, and I think they recognize that being president is a serious job. It s not hosting a talk show or a reality show, it s not promotion, it s not marketing, it s hard. And a lot of people count on us getting it right, and it s not a matter of pandering and doing whatever gets you in the news on a given day. Source: The HillWhile President Obama maintained his normally cool demeanor and smooth delivery, he still managed to deliver what can only be described as a hell of a sick burn to Trump and the people that support his carnival barker shenanigans. Trump has no qualifications for being president, and Obama knows it. Most of the American people know it. His only supporters are about a third of the Republican fringe who run on pure emotion and are otherwise clueless about civics, and how government works.President Obama didn t restrict his criticism only to Trump. He also took the opportunity to dig hard at Marco Rubio with a blistering comment about his flip flopping in order to pander to the  Trump  effect: The other countries around the world, they kind of count on the United States being on the side of science and reason and common sense. There is not a single candidate in the Republican primary that thinks we should do anything about climate change, that thinks it s serious. Well that s a problem. Source: The HillFeatured image via video screen capture",0
8053, Obama FINALLY Eliminates Funding For Abstinence-Only Sex Ed,"President Obama s new budget will eliminate all government funding for abstinence-only sex education.For too long the federal government has been using tax dollars to support abstinence-only sex education programs, in spite of the fact that an overwhelming amount of evidence shows that such programs do not work.The federal government first began funding these programs in 1981, under then-president Ronald Reagan. According to the Sexuality Information and Education Center of America (SIECUS), between 1996 until 2006 funding for these programs  grew exponentially. All told, over the past 25 years, Congress has spent more than $1.5 billion on failed abstinence-only programs.In spite of the shocking amount of money invested in these program, the evidence tells us that they do nothing to reduce the rate of teen pregnancy and abortion, nor do they help prevent the spread of sexually transmitted disease. In fact, the opposite is true.For example,An independent study commissioned by the Minnesota Department of Health found that sexual activity doubled among junior high school participants in the state s Education Now and Babies Later (ENABL) program at three schools between 2001 and 2002. The number of participants who said they would  probably  have sex during high school almost doubled as well.As Addicting Info reported here the rate of teen pregnancy in states that require comprehensive-sex education has been declining steadily for the past several years.At the same time, the rate of teen pregnancy in conservative states, where abstinence-only sex education is allowed and even mandated, remains embarrassingly high.As we also reported here, as of 2014, the state with the highest number of teen pregnancies was New Mexico, followed by Mississippi, Texas, Arkansas, Louisiana and Oklahoma. All of these states have shamelessly backwards laws regarding sex education, which mandate sex-education programs stress abstinence and  the importance of sex only during marriage. The liberal states of New Hampshire, Vermont, Minnesota, Massachusetts and Maine had the lowest numbers of teen pregnancies in the nation during the same year.President Obama s decision to eliminate federal funding for programs that have been proven ineffective when it comes to reducing teen pregnancy, abortion and STD s will not only save Americans the $10 million upfront cost of these programs.Teen pregnancy costs the U.S. approximately $9.4 billion.Eliminating federal funding for abstinence-only sex education programs will encourage schools to choose curriculum that is science-based and fact-based.As more schools move toward putting this type of curriculum in place, rather than relying on the fantasy-based abstinence-only model that conservatives endorse, the rate of teen pregnancy and teen abortion will finally begin to decline in red states, along with the number of teens who are exposed to sexually transmitted disease.In the long run, the decision to eliminate funding for failed abstinence-only programs will save teen lives, all while saving taxpayers billions of dollars.Image from Wikipedia",0
8054," After Jeb Tweets Pic Of His New Gun, His Pandering Earns Him Deplorable New Follower (IMAGE)","Desperate times call for desperate measures, or something like that, and that s exactly what floundering Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush has resorted to.In what could be considered the lamest attempt ever to pander to the right wing, who loves their guns more than, well, pretty much anything, Jeb Bush decided he would tweet out a pic of his brand new fancy gun with his name engraved on it with the caption,  America.  Honestly, if you haven t vomited by now, prepare yourself, because in a moment, you just may.America. pic.twitter.com/TeduJkwQF3  Jeb Bush (@JebBush) February 16, 2016It wasn t long after Jeb tweeted this image that he likely got exactly what he was aiming for (pun intended). He received a follow from the National Rifle Association on Twitter. Apparently, they weren t following him already, and Jeb knew that if he had any hope of doing well in the South, he d have to up his gun-toting game. And it worked.Check out the interaction that was captured via Tweetdeck:Tweetdeck via TheTrace.orgSweet that we can watch that romance bloom in real-time, huh?As it turns out, it was revealed last fall that Bush, while having an A+ rating with the NRA, didn t actually own a firearm. However, all that has changed now with the tweet of the candidate s manhood new gun. And of course, he had it engraved. Although, I wouldn t put it past his mom to have put his name on it for him, as she likely did on his underwear when he went away to camp as a teenager.Apparently, this sort of pandering knows no boundaries, and it has paid off for the former governor of Florida with his new deplorable follower who prefers endless amounts of gun sales with no restrictions over common sense reform and saving lives. You know, we all have our priorities, the NRA s just happens to be profit motivated, and now Jeb has fallen in lockstep behind them. Pretty pathetic, yet not at all surprising.Featured image: Twitter/Flickr",0
8055, This Is Why Obama Is Already Winning The War To Replace Scalia,"The kneejerk response of Republicans to the death of Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia was a blanket statement refusing even a basic hearing for a replacement candidate submitted by President Obama, despite his Constitutional duty to do so.Now, only a few days later there are signs that the right s solidarity is turning to Jell-O before the eyes of the world.A series of statements from senior Republicans contradicted their own previously expressed views and seemed to question whether rank-and-file Republicans were completely on board with the plan from Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) to do nothing on a Supreme Court nominee this year and let the next president make the nomination.Sen. Charles Grassley (R-Iowa) told Iowa radio reporters that he had not determined whether to have hearings before the Judiciary Committee, which he chairs.  I would wait until the nominee is made before I would make any decision,  Grassley, the committee chairman, said.To add insult to injury, Senator Thom Tillis (R-NC), told a conservative radio host that  we fall into the trap if we just simply say  Sight unseen,  we fall into the trap of being obstructionist. President Obama amped up the pressure in his press conference on Tuesday, noting that he would be proceeding with a nominee and that the Senate had ample time to consider his submission and give him or her a fair up or down vote in front of the full Senate.As the conservative ranks get worn down, the left has expressed solidarity despite the testy primary between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. Both candidates have made public remarks indicating that it is President Obama s right to make a nomination, and for that candidate to get a vote.Conservatives who insist on continued obstruction of a vacant Supreme Court seat will have to prepare themselves for at least nine months of public pressure asking why they refuse to fully staff America s highest court   or as seems to already be happening, giving in bit by bit.Featured image via Flickr",0
8056," The Oregonian Calls Out Racist Commenters, Racist Commenters Explode (IMAGES)","Racism is pretty prevalent on the interwebs. Generally, if an article even mentions something to do with Black culture, the racists are out in force. This happened so frequently on articles regarding hip-hop and the like on the Oregonian, which is, by the way, the west coast s largest paper, that one of their writers decided to address the problem of racism in their comments sections.The piece, entitled  Dear Readers: Stop Being Racist About Hip Hop, rips the racists in the comments sections to shreds. The writer of the article, David Greenwald, first talks about how he is no longer shocked at the racism he encounters, even on the supposedly liberal west coast, then goes on to treat his readers to a sampling of the racism in his comments sections, and even in his email inbox:I got an email over the weekend about our recent Kanye West stories. No subject. It didn t need one.  This is news?  the reader wrote.  About some n  rapping?  Every time the Oregonian covers hip-hop music, a rich and beautiful American art form invented to share the pain and joys and narratives of inner-city black lives over 30 years ago, readers comment with hatred. Here, from Monday night alone, enjoy a few choice notes about Kendrick Lamar, the most important musician currently working in American music and new winner of five glimmering Grammy awards: Best  rap album? That, my friends, is a world class oxymoron,  Yardbird tells us. Not since Kanye West, has an individual with so little talent, been so worshiped and idolized by so many. Even a superstar like Adelle has been sucked into this clown s,  Music,'  DonRon adds. Adele is spelled with one  L : she is also a blues singer who owes everything to the African-American creativity that birthed hip-hop.And that s just for starters. Greenwald then goes on to try to educate the ignoramuses that make up so much of his readership on the beauty and riches that hip-hop culture has given America. However, at the end of the day, he says he understands that he cannot school people determined to be so ignorant. He ends the piece by saying: If you dismiss hip-hop culture, if you paint it all with the same ignorant brush, if you say  hip-hop masterpiece  is an oxymoron, if Beyonc  and Kendrick Lamar and Kanye West are just too black: you are a racist and you are wrong, and this will be the last time I write for you. And good for him. Unsurprisingly, the very racists who need to take what Mr. Greenwald is saying into account completely missed the point of the article, and responded with   gasp!   more racism. First, there were the ones whose response was to disparage the writer and the work of the hip hop artists, all the while using racist language:Then, of course, there was that one person who just had to pop out and declare themselves an expert on all things black because he once knew a black person:And of course, those are just what is there as of this writing, with the article being quite new. I am sure the ugly and ignorance will continue. Unfortunately, though, at the end of the day, the very people who needed to hear David Greenwald s message have turned a deaf ear, and will remain as ignorant as they were prior to reading his brilliant piece.Featured image from video screen capture from The Oregonian",0
8057, Zombie Reagan BLASTS Modern GOP For Obstructing Nominee (VIDEO),"Republicans have been vowing to honor the memory of recently-deceased racist hatemonger, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, by blocking any and all nominees Obama might put forward to replace him, no matter who they are. While Scalia himself  would disagree with  the intrusion of politics into the judicial appointment process,  Ted Cruz promises to filibuster any nominee and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says he will use every tool at his disposal to block nominations until after the election, when they hope a Republican is in office (good luck with that, guys).While Republicans often invoke Ronald Reagan as they struggle to excuse most of their actions, they are similarly ignoring the former President s opinion on the matter. In 1988, Saint Ronnie made it clear while urging the Senate to confirm Anthony M. Kennedy that he doesn t quite agree with childishly blocking nominations, either:In the year ahead, we re not going to be on the defensive, shoring up problems and answering our critics. We are moving forward, and I have no doubt that when we look back 1988 will be a year of great accomplishment toward our goals. This is the year when Judge Anthony Kennedy will be confirmed and the Supreme Court will again be brought up to full strength. The Federal judiciary is too important to be made a political football. I would hope, and the American people should expect, not only for Judge Kennedy s confirmation but for the Senate to get to work and act on 27 other judicial nominations that have been left in limbo for quite awhile now.That s right   Republicans are so desperate to deny Obama a judicial nomination that they are willing to ignore tradition, the wishes of the person they are supposedly honoring in this destructive and asinine action, and even the words of their messiah.Watch the remarks from Saint Ronnie s January 25, 1985 State of the Union Address below:Watch Ronald Reagan urge the Senate to confirm Justice Kennedy during an election year. From 1/25/1988: pic.twitter.com/MSAwaYmGLR  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) February 15, 2016Featured image via screengrab",0
8058, A Federal Reserve President Just Said Something That Will TERRIFY ‘Too Big To Fail’ Banks (VIDEO),"The era of  too big to fail  might actually be coming to an end. Not because of legislators railing against it constantly, or because of economic experts educating us as to why it s a bad idea. We ve been having this for years now, and the problem has only grown worse.Now there is actually some muscle in the fight, and it s going to scare the hell out of the big banks that have enjoyed having their greed go unchallenged for decades. The Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis President, Neel Kashkari, has come out against the idea of  too big to fail  being allowed to continue and grow worse.A movement from within the Federal Reserve to break up big banks could actually work, due to how closely the Fed is intertwined with them. It isn t like the same old game of Democrats railing against the system, and Republicans doing everything they can to protect the banks  ability to abuse it. Kashkari made a strong comparison of reigning in the big banks to managing a nuclear reactor: The cost to society of letting a reactor melt down is astronomical. Given that cost, governments will do whatever they can to stabilize the reactor before they lose control. Source: BloombergKashkari said that the Minneapolis Federal Reserve Bank will be collecting public and financial industry input, then formulating proposals to address the problems with our current banking system. All options are on the table from breaking up the big banks into  less connected, less important entities,  forcing banks to hold large amounts of capital instead of gambling it on wall street   which would make them virtually incapable of failing, and using tax methods to discourage banks from taking huge risks with regular people s money.It s worth noting that Kashkari is no left-wing democratic socialist. He is a Republican who was the senior advisor to George W. Bush s treasury secretary and managed the $700 billion TARP bank bailout. Even he knows that the status-quo is unsustainable, and if a problem happens again it will be even worse.With Republicans busy being apologists for American banking cartels, and doing everything they can to make it legal for them to steal the nation away from its people, the response from Kashkari is exactly what we need. Banks can t buy the Federal Reserve for a few tens of thousands in campaign donations, which will make it difficult for Republicans to resist.Watch Kashkari s full comments below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
8059, WATCH: Jimmy Kimmel Roasts Jeb Bush’s Campaign Ad Starring George W. Bush,"George W. Bush is back to put the nail in the coffin of his family name and his brother s presidential campaign, with a little help from Jimmy Kimmel.Earlier this month, former President George W. Bush narrated an ad on behalf of his brother Jeb Bush in an effort to put a third Bush in the White House.It certainly appears to be an act of desperation on Jeb Bush s part if he has to resort to asking his brother to campaign for him, especially since W s legacy poisoned the GOP over the last two presidential elections.And as Jeb and George campaign in South Carolina in an effort to pull off a miracle victory in a state where Jeb is currently polling at 10 percent, a full 28 points behind front-runner Donald Trump and 12 points behind Ted Cruz, this appears to be Jeb s last gasp on the campaign trail.And so, Jimmy Kimmel decided to  help  Jeb by releasing his own version of the ad reminding us just how dimwitted George W. Bush was during his eight years in office. America needs help,  a Bush sound-alike begins. Parents can t put food on their families and our children still isn t learning. I know Jeb. I know his good heart. It s inside his body next to other things, like his stomach, which is where his snacks go. I know that and I know that experience in judgement count in the Oval Office, which is the room where the president works at his desk. That s where my little brother would work if he were president. Don t bet on it but don t underestimate Jeb either. He s got a cute little wife and he s a good little guy. And he knows how to open doors for America. Cue President Bush trying and failing to open a door after a speech as the audience laughed their asses off.Here s the video via YouTube.This was the perfect ad and it demonstrates why Jeb Bush would have been much better off leaving his brother at home. At least he could have lost with what s left of his dignity. Now he has none. Featured image from video screen capture",0
8060," Zero F*cks Obama Puts Obstructionist GOP On Notice: You Claim To Love Constitution, Then Do Your Job","At a press conference on Tuesday, President Obama could barely hide his frustration towards the would be obstructionists in the Senate who say they will block any potential Supreme Court nominee he suggests for the remainder of his term.When asked by a reporter what he thought about the political move by Republicans to block the process until after the next election, Obama didn t hold back. At times Obama s normally calm rhetorical style gave way to more and more passion as his disbelief in how badly these senators were behaving became apparent. In the past, this has not been viewed as a question. There is no unwritten law that says it can only be done on off years. That s not in the constitutional text. I m amused to hear when people who claim to be strict interpreters of the Constitution, suddenly reading into it a whole series of provisions that are not there. Republicans have spent the days after Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia s death arguing that Obama should not be allowed to use the next year of his presidency selecting a new nominee. Instead, they have feigned the belief that in the last year in office a president must sit on his hands until the election is over. As Obama points out, this has never been a thing. Notably, as recently as 1988, President Ronald Reagan appointed a new justice during an election year and nobody batted an eye.In a nice little dagger twist, President Obama then put the spotlight back on Republicans who vow to not do their jobs. Rather than allow partisan point scoring get in the way of yet another Democratic process, Obama suggested this could  be a good moment to rise above that  and show America that Congress isn t a complete-and-utter mess. This is the Supreme Court, the highest court in the land. It s the one court where we would expect elected officials to rise above day-to-day politics. This will be the opportunity for Senators to do their job.Your job doesn t stop until you are voted out or until your term expires. Obama also used the time to make it abundantly clear that he isn t about to be held hostage by the Republican obstructionists either. In one of the most crackling exchanges of the presser, a reporter asked the President if he would be nominating a moderate so that he might be able to appease Republicans and get them to do their jobs. He was not amused. No. No. Where did you get that idea? Obama reaffirmed that he would be selecting a candidate based on their merit and on the belief that they would be the best person for the job, not on whether or not he thought a group of conservative politicians would like the pick.As is typical in President Obama s second term, this was a take-no-prisoners moment. Having watched Republicans openly vow to stop him from accomplishing anything, even if it meant harming the country as collateral damage, his new strategy is not to even try to work with them. Instead, he has begun to call them out at every term. A name-and-shame scorched earth policy that is making it harder and harder for obstructionists to get a free pass to continue poisoning the political process.It s fun to watch.Featured image via NBC News",0
8061, Trump Accidentally Applauds Obama’s Protection of Immigrants: ‘I Think It’s Great’ (VIDEO),"Republican front runner Donald Trump loves to tell Americans how great he is at just about anything   but one thing he ll never brag about is how good he is at making himself look like a complete idiot.Trump displayed this not-so-hidden talent perfectly on Monday, when he likely misinterpreted a reporter s question about children born of immigrants  that or the candidate has flip-flopped on one of his policies again. The question was asked during a South Carolina press conference, and the reporter opened by mentioning one of Trump s GOP rivals, fellow candidate Jeb Bush. The reporter began,  You have accused Jeb Bush of being weak on immigration Trump, possessing less manners than a toddler, interrupted the reporter and called Bush  Weak, period. The reporter continued, referring to Obama s 2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) initiative, which protects younger illegal immigrants from deployment: There are over 100,000 young people known as DREAMers who have deferred action given to them Trump cut the reporter off once again, telling the audience that Obama s executive action on the matter was  great    a surprising response considering how hateful the GOP candidate has been to immigrants.When the reporter asked Trump what DREAMers could expect under his presidency, Trump s response got even more bizarre   and it started to look like he didn t understand the reporter s question at all! Never one to admit a mistake, Trump boldly launched into a puzzling rant about  dreamers    although only he knows what he meant by that. He said: I want dreamers to come from this country. You mentioned dreamers; I want dreamers to come from the United States. I want the people in the United States that have children, I want them to have dreams also. You can watch the baffling footage below, via MSNBC.Although Trump does have quite a history of changing his views on policies, it s probably safe to say that he was just too stupid to understand what the reporter was really asking him. Considering all the racist, offensive things that Trump has said about illegal immigrants over the past several months, it s not likely that he had a change of heart   he s just dumb. Featured image from video screen capture",0
8062, This Republican Actually Supports Obama In Finding Scalia’s Replacement – Here’s Why (VIDEO),"It was only hours after Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia s death was confirmed that Senate Republicans threatened to block any nominee that President Barack Obama might try to fill Scalia s seat with. Most notably, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz have spoken out against the president s obligation to nominate a replacement.But not every Republican is brainless, as one prominent GOPer verified on Monday in an interview with CNN s Chris Cuomo. Alberto Gonzales, the Attorney General under George W. Bush, is speaking out against McConnell and the GOP to throw his support behind Obama. In the interview, Gonzales said: I know there s a big debate going on right now about whether or not Obama should nominate someone. From my perspective having worked at the White House and the Department of Justice, there s just no question in my mind that as president of the United States, you have an obligation to fill a vacancy. Gonzales continued, giving Republicans a not-so-subtle hint to get the hell out of Obama s way and let him do what he was elected to do. I suspect President Obama is going to do his job. And after he does his job and nominating a hopefully qualified individual, the Senate will do its job eventually on its own calendar. The bottom line from my perspective, is the president has to do his job in nominating a qualified individual and then the Senate does it s job in assessing whether or not this person is qualified for a lifetime appointment on the court based upon experience, based upon ideology and based upon integrity. Clearly disappointed in the circus his party has become, Gonzales leveled the GOP and slammed the hypocrisy of his conservative colleagues in trying to prevent Obama from seeking a nominee. He said: If the shoe were on the other foot, and there was a Republican in the White House and democratically controlled Congress, I would expect the Republican president to make a nomination when ready. You can watch Gonzales in action below:One of the GOP s nominee-blocking tactics has been to claim that Obama can t fill a Supreme Court seat in an election year   which is completely false. SCOTUSblog specifically says that there is no tradition of leaving a Supreme Court seat vacant because of an election year: The historical record does not reveal any instances since at least 1900 of the president failing to nominate and/or the Senate failing to confirm a nominee in a presidential election year because of the impending election. Whether the Senate Republicans like it or not, Obama is determined to choose a nominee next week. Featured image from video screen capture",0
8063, MSNBC Shocks Viewers By Announcing Prime Time ‘Town Hall’ Special To Promote Donald Trump,"It s come to this.On Tuesday, MSNBC announced that it would be organizing a live,  prime time  event exclusively starring Donald Trump and hosted by Trump s personal friends Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinksi. Needless to say, both political insiders and MSNBC s viewers are shaking their heads in disbelief.The decision to give Trump free promotional airtime on the network was announced by Morning Joe s Senior Producer Jesse Rodriguez.NEWS: Joe & Mika will moderate a town hall with Donald Trump airing in prime time tomorrow at 8pmET @MSNBC  Jesse Rodriguez (@JesseRodriguez) February 16, 2016The Republican front-runner will seemingly get the stage to himself. MSNBC has so far not announced a single other candidate would be appearing, nor did they suggest any were invited. He will be met with questions lobbed to him by Scarborough, who has used his influence to shill for Trump and may even be helping his campaign from behind the scenes. Recently, Trump thanked Scarborough, one of MSNBC s few conservative pundits, for  supporting  him when the rest of the media had attacked him.When not preparing to question Trump on a  prime time  spectacle, Scarborough spends his time online promoting Trump as a strong leader.Perceived strength in the face of perceived weakness from America's leaders. What do you think? https://t.co/JNwIhgrdN0  Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) February 16, 2016""Donald Trump's strength is strength."" @JoeNBC on #morningjoe. Could it be that simple? Huge SC poll #s today. pic.twitter.com/vw9V6twRxT  Suzy Welch (@SuzyWelch) February 16, 2016This obvious bias has led many fans of MSNBC to wonder what on earth the network is thinking? It also has reporters, used to covering candidates with some semblance of objectivity, scratching their heads.CNN will have all six GOP candidates appear at town halls on Wed and Thurs. Meanwhile, MSNBC s Joe and Mika hosting one Wed with just Trump.  Michael Calderone (@mlcalderone) February 16, 2016""this primary season""   not quite the same thing as free airtime for Trump & Kasich on eve of SC primary https://t.co/cb3IwkRb11  Alex Burns (@alexburnsNYT) February 16, 2016Just Trump? https://t.co/CYbcDwWbEn  Dylan Byers (@DylanByers) February 16, 2016As depressing and petty as it sounds, MSNBC may have chosen to promote Trump to spite their archenemy, CNN.MSNBC has spent the last few weeks desperately trying to defend Scarborough amid accusations that he is too cozy with Trump. Things came to a head when CNN reporter Dylan Byers outed Scarborough as having celebrated Trump s New Hampshire victory with the candidate in his hotel room. Notably, CNN plans to run a town hall event featuring two of Trump s biggest rivals, Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, on Wednesday, so this may be an alliance between MSNBC and Trump to hurt CNN s ratings by hosting their very own special.Sadly, that means Trump will get carte blanche to spew his vile hate speech to a gushing Scarborough. It s unlikely that Trump would have agreed to appear on the left-leaning network if he thought there was any chance he was going to be pressed to answer difficult questions.For their part, MSNBC says they will balance Trump s  prime time event  with something they call  long form interviews  with other candidates. They point to one they will be airing with Kasich on the same night as Trump s town hall. But they haven t specified when they plan on airing other interviews candidates, nor if those interviews even exist.Cable networks aren t required to give equal time to each candidate (a situation Trump has routinely exploited), but holding a prime time glorified Donald Trump campaign ad is a very bad look for a network that is hoping to appear neutral. It also seems to skirt the line between a campaign donation. In a race where buying television ads can cost a campaign millions of dollars, how fair is it that MSNBC just handed over an hour or two of their most valuable ad space to Trump s campaign?There are already rumblings of a potential boycott, and MSNBC may just discover that there are limits to what its viewers will tolerate.Feature image via MSNBC",0
8064, Watch Trump Turn Into Crazy Repeating Parrot As He Threatens To Sue Ted Cruz (VIDEO),"Saturday night s debate saw Donald Trump and Ted Cruz going at each other repeatedly. More specifically, it saw them calling one another liars. Now, Trump has gone on record saying that Cruz is the biggest liar he s ever known. In fact, Trump seems to believe that these alleged lies on the part of Ted Cruz is enough to bring a lawsuit against the Texas Senator. Watch Trump seem to lose his mind as he repeats the same line over and over like a crazy parrot: So we will bring a lawsuit if he doesn t straighten his act out. He s a lying guy, a really lying guy. Some people misrepresent. This guy s just a plain out liar. In fact, I felt better because Marco Rubio called him a liar the other night on stage. I felt so much better. I said good, politician calls a politician? Now I can actually call him a liar.  Well considering that Donald Trump has a pretty tenuous relationship with the truth himself, this isn t really saying a whole lot. That whole field of GOP clowns lies through their teeth for sport, so it s really just hypocrisy at its finest. But hey, at least it s great for entertainment.Watch the video below, as posted to Facebook by Fox News:// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt; We will bring a lawsuit if he doesn t straighten his act out [Ted Cruz] is a lying guy.    Donald J. TrumpPosted by Fox News on Monday, February 15, 2016Featured image from video screen capture",0
8065," Texans Lose Their Damn Minds Over This Flag In Arabic, But Here’s What It Actually Said (IMAGES)","Security concerns were brought up after a black flag with a heart and Arabic writing was spotted on Citizens Tower under construction in Lubbock, Texas. And yes, while it should be of concern that individual(s) trespassed onto private property that was behind a fence, scaled a building, and hung the flag, the broader issue that panicked local officials needs to be brought up. They seemed to lose their damn minds.Here s a picture of the flag on the building:lubbockonline.comAnd if you zoom in:lubbockonline.comNow, with all that is going on in the world surrounding the horrific acts that ISIS is perpetrating, and seeing as their flag is also black with Arabic writing, you can see where maybe these people had a point in being upset. However, not really, because what it really does is prove their utter ignorance, because once the flag is translated it literally reads,  love is for all. Pretty threatening, right? However, it is Texas, so saying  love for all  in Arabic mixes their hatred and fear of Muslims with their hatred and fear of gay people, so really it was the perfect storm of panic for the Texas city.According to Lubbockonline.com: The flag, noticed on the building early Monday, prompted [Mayor Glen] Robertson to write a letter to City Manager James Loomis, requesting Lubbock police notify the Department of Homeland Security, the FBI and the Lubbock County Sheriff s Office. Oh, for goodness sake. Maybe their first move would ve been to figure out what it said and then go from there, but being the reactive instead of proactive society we are, local officials seemed to slip into full panic-mode straight away. However, Mayor Robertson did have the wherewithal to say: I am also requesting that we take whatever steps are necessary to secure the building and ensure that this does not happen again. I fully understand that we must gather more facts before we make a knee-jerk reaction but I am concerned on several levels. Please keep me informed as we learn more about this situation. Now, seeing that it was just Valentine s Day, and this flag was spotted early on the day after Valentine s Day, and the flag reads,  love is for all,  maybe, just maybe, it was someone spreading a Valentine s Day message of love. However, that could just be a wild guess. Albeit, this was probably not the best way to do it.Don t fret, though. The flag has been removed, along with the love behind it:lubbockonline.comIn all seriousness, whoever hung the flag broke the law and should be charged with criminal trespassing. However, the knee-jerk reaction to want to call Homeland Security because something was written in Arabic, but was really just someone wanting to spread a message of love, still seems a little over the top. Use your heads, people.Featured image from Lubbockonline.com",0
8066, Adidas FLAWLESSLY Trolls Anti-Gay Bigots Who Slammed Their Valentine’s Day Instagram (IMAGES),"With marriage equality nationwide, and with more people now than ever supporting the love between two human beings regardless of gender, Adidas celebrated that love on Valentine s Day with the following Instagram pic with the caption,  The love you take is equal to the love you make.  The love you take is equal to the love you make.A photo posted by adidas (@adidas) on Feb 13, 2016 at 11:30pm PSTPretty adorable, right? Who could hate that pic, right? Well, leave it to the internet to show the dark underbelly of society that can t wrap their heads around the idea of two people of the same gender in love.As Buzzfeed reports, several folks were none too pleased with Adidas having the audacity to show this image of two women in love presumably kissing, and many decided to write nasty comments.instagram.comFirst of all, whoever this  leepapi  is, they are not only a bigot, but clearly a moron. The image is of two women. Geez.However, I digress. Adidas wasn t about to let this bigotry go unchecked and smacked down these bigots were they stand, and in the most magnificently glorious way, well, ever.Check it out:instagram.comCommenting directly to the bigots, Adidas responds to the one jerk by simply waving goodbye with a kiss, and the second by explaining that Valentine s Day is for everyone who is in love, not just heterosexuals.These responses were an absolute thing of beauty and quite honestly, I may go out and buy some Adidas active-wear just because of it. Well done.Featured image from Instagram",0
8067, Stephen Colbert’s Send Off For Antonin Scalia Is Refreshingly Touching (VIDEO),"Stephen Colbert left his Comedy Central  character behind to replace David Letterman on The Late Show, and he has been absolutely phenomenal at it. Therefore, it was inevitable, and only fitting, that he gave an amazing tribute to recently deceased Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.However, unlike what would have likely been expected, Colbert did not mock Scalia. The man was universally despised by many decent human beings due his outrageous homophobia, misogyny, and other various bigotries, but, apparently, there was a good side to him that most of us never got to see. Colbert, instead of using Scalia s death as a point of comedy with which to insult his memory, chose to humanize the man most of us are glad to see go from both the Supreme Court and the planet.Colbert recalled his one meeting with Scalia at a White House Correspondents  Dinner, in which Scalia revealed that he had a dazzling sense of humor. The Late Show host also pointed out that Scalia had an amazing friendship with his fellow, and notoriously liberal, Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.I ll never give Scalia or any other awful right-winger a pass on bigoted behavior. However, amidst all of the hatred we are rightfully slinging Scalia s way, and at the glee we feel now that he can no longer sully the Supreme Court with his disgusting ideas, Colbert s tribute was refreshingly touching.Watch the video below:Featured image from YouTube screen capture",0
8068, Hillary Tweets An All-Out Attack On The GOP’s Promise To Obstruct SCOTUS Nominations (TWEETS),"Hillary Clinton may be favored in the polls to take the Democratic nomination and she may be considered the most likely candidate to be sworn in as the 45th President of the United States and even SHE doesn t want to see the Republicans succeed in obstructing President Obama s constitutional duty to nominate the next associate justice of the Supreme Court.In fact, she got so tired so quickly of all the talk, she decided to tweet an all-out assault on Republican stupidity with an eleven-point argument about why they re idiots, beginning with the obvious:1 Until Jan. 20, 2017, it's @POTUS' job to nominate Supreme Court justices it's right there in the Constitution. -H pic.twitter.com/AWV47TRaTw  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 16, 2016There it is, highlighted and everything. The president gets to nominate people regardless of what Mitch McConnell says. Surely Hillary Clinton would love the honor of nominating the next justice herself given the opportunity, but she understands that there is too much at stake. Her epic tweetfest continues:3 Right now, millions of families are waiting for SCOTUS to decide on @POTUS' executive actions on immigration. -H  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 16, 2016It s not as if the right cares one iota about the fate of immigrants, but the rest of us certainly do. The president s actions are the only positive thing to come out of government on immigration since the snoozefest of Republican control began.5 And right now, a case from Texas could determine whether the right to abortion will be a reality for all or some. -H  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 16, 2016Should the rights of American voters and the decisions of American women be left to a 4-4 tie, these cases could very well revert down to the decisions of lower courts and in these cases, the conservative judges who have allowed such egregious violations of the constitution to move forward.6 These decisions could determine whether we as a nation uphold our principles of liberty and equality, or turn back the clock. -H  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 16, 2016Well said. Turning back the clock has been the Republican agenda for years, so nothing new there, but the ability to stave off the stupidity with a ruling by the highest court in the land is essential.8 I have news for Republicans who would put politics over the Constitution: Refusing to do your duty isn t righteous, it's disgraceful. -H  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 16, 2016And the truth shall set you free. Republicans have been enjoying long vacations of obstruction for far too long. Even with control of congress, they accomplish nothing but witch-hunt hearings and idiotic legislation they know has no chance of being signed by the president.10 As for complaints that this is an election year: 1988 was an election year, too and Justice Kennedy was confirmed 97-0. -H  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 16, 2016Some simple facts that Republicans will ignore. And finally, in closing:11 So, a message for Senate Republicans: Fill this vacancy. @POTUS will do his job. Do yours. -H  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 16, 2016On behalf of the sane people of America   Thank you, Secretary Clinton.Featured image from Twitter",0
8069, CNN Host Tells Senate Republican To Do His Damn Job (VIDEO),"Republican Senator Orrin Hatch tried to justify not doing his job and Chris Cuomo was having none of it.During an appearance on CNN on Tuesday, Senate Judiciary Committee member Orrin Hatch attempted to defend the decision of Senate Republicans to refuse to hold confirmation hearings for anyone President Obama nominates to fill the vacant seat of Justice Antonin Scalia, who passed away on Saturday.Ever since news broke of Scalia s death, Republicans have made it clear that they won t allow President Obama to fill the empty position on the bench, opting instead to wait a year until whomever is elected president in November takes office, which they hope will be a Republican.But host Chris Cuomo told Hatch that he and his GOP colleagues should do their damn jobs as the Constitution requires, especially since the document conservatives claim they love so much says nothing about a president not being able to pick a judicial nominee during an election year. You don t get to not vote on judges just because it is an election year and final year of someone s presidency. So, that hypocrisy is as play as well,  Cuomo bluntly said.  You don t have to like whom he nominates, but shouldn t you go through the process? Of course, like a good little obstructionist Hatch continued to insist that Republicans don t have to do anything.  No, I don t think there is any real reason to do that,  he said. To which Cuomo asked,  What about the Constitution? Hatch responded by claiming that President Obama has been treated fairly by Senate Republicans, which we all know is a crock of shit considering the record amount of obstructing the GOP has done since President Obama first took office seven years ago. At the end of his response, Hatch revealed the only real reason why Republicans want to wait to replace Scalia. Look, this president s been treated fairly. 40 percent of the federal judiciary up and Republicans have allowed votes on all of those. Now what they are saying is look, we are in a tremendous presidential campaign, there is a lot of bitterness on both sides, let s diffuse this thing and let s put this until the next president of the United States. We ll wait and use discretion, and whoever is the next president will do the job. Now the Democrats of course naturally want this because they want to have a 5-4 majority on the court. Throughout the interview, Hatch claimed that Democrats muddied up the system by not confirming conservative extremist Robert Bork to the high court. However, Cuomo pointed out that Democrats at least held confirmation hearings as required by the Constitution and went through the process. It s just that at the end Bork wasn t confirmed, which is the Senate s right. The Senate does have the power to reject a nominee. So it appears Hatch and his fellow Republicans all have a case of sour grapes because Democrats did their job. As it turned out, Anthony Kennedy ended up being confirmed to the Supreme Court instead of Bork.The bottom line is that Senate Democrats went through the process even though they eventually rejected Bork. Fun fact: six Republicans voted against Bork as well.Cuomo then informed Hatch that a 4-4 court is not a good thing because many cases won t be settled due to constant ties, which would delay a real decision while cases pile up since unresolved cases have to be refiled and argued again. But Hatch thinks a 4-4 court is a good thing. A 4-4 court functions it s functioned in the past. It will function this time. Just on the really controversial issues they will probably put them off for a year. It is not the end of the world. As a matter of fact, it is a smart thing to do. And as he had done multiple times throughout the interview, Hatch brought up the presidential election and how it would somehow be unfair to hold hearings during this time. And when Cuomo mentioned that the Constitution doesn t say anything about not confirming judges during a election year, Hatch claimed the Constitution  gives you every right to defer this. And to make sure that it is done in the best of ways so that both sides have an opportunity to have their person in the presidency and then, you know, if the Democrats win we ll go through this process the way it ought to be gone through. Here s the video via YouTube.Again, Hatch makes a bullshit claim because we all know that if Republicans still control the Senate in 2017, they will continue to throw a temper tantrum and refuse to do their job if Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders is the president who makes a nomination. In other words, things will be no different than they are right now.Hatch and Senate Republicans are the reasons why our government can t get anything done for this country and now they are threatening to derail the judicial system and break all precedent just because they don t want the Supreme Court to shift away from the extreme conservative ideology that has controlled the Court for decades. This is totally outrageous and the American people need to punish Republicans for this failure to do their jobs. After all, if any normal American worker failed to do their job, they d be fired. So should Senate Republicans. Featured image from Raw Story",0
8070, WATCH: Rubio Uses Canadian City In ‘It’s Morning Again In America’ Ad,"The dramatic opening of Marco Rubio s new ad, which is titled  It s Morning Again In America,  features a city that isn t even in America. It s in Canada.It didn t take long for the Canadian-based Vancouver Sun to spot footage of the Vancouver skyline, which is clearly featured in the opening footage of Rubio s new ad.As the narrator proclaims  It s morning again in America,  we are treated to a scene that highlights some of Vancouver, Canada s most recognizable landmarks, which includes Harbour Centre, One Wall Centre and the Port Metro Vancouver cranes.The footage is not only of Canada, instead of the United States, but it also features a Canadian Seaspan tugboat. The tugboat appears to be flying the Canadian flag.Watch the video, which was uploaded to YouTube by Marco Rubio, February 14.Marco Rubio wants to be president of the United States, but he can t even find footage of the United States to use in his  It s Morning Again In America  campaign ad?As bad as it seems, it shouldn t really be a surprise.What else would you expect from a presidential candidate who has been dubbed  The Biggest Idiot Running for President? That s quite a distinction, considering the sheer number of idiots hoping to win the GOP nomination this year.Rubio became a household name in 2013, after delivering the GOP s annual response to the President s state of the Union address.While no-one remembers a word then-Senator Rubio said during the speech, the image of him guzzling water from a plastic bottle will never fade from our collective memory.Since then Rubio has won the hearts of republican voters, who appear to love him not just because he is rabidly anti-gay, but also because he repeatedly brags that he is  not a Scientist. With the release of his latest campaign ad, I think it is safe to assume that Marco Rubio is also not a geographer.Featured image from video screen capture, via Marco Rubio on youtube ",0
8071, Death Valley ‘Super Bloom’ Marks The Death Of Climate Change Denier Antonin Scalia (VIDEO),"Call it tasteless and inappropriate if you will, but the entire planet is breathing a sigh of relief now that Climate Change denier Antonin Scalia has shed his mortal coil. And what better way to celebrate the end of one of the most persistent obstructions to lowering carbon emissions than a  super bloom in Death Valley one of the hottest spots on the planet?On Monday, the park posted an Instagram video showing thousands of tall yellow flowers vibrating the breeze. We got you a valentine s day present  it s thousands of flowers,  the post read.A report on the website DesertUSA called the area south of Copper Canyon  especially jaw-dropping.  Photos showed fields of yellow against the stark mountains in the background.Millions of beautiful flowers are blooming in a place named after death itself. Message recieve, Gaia. (Credit: Death Valley NP)The conservative wing of the Supreme Court has long stood in the way of taking any kind of action to curb America s carbon footprint. Justice Scalia was the ringleader of the climate science denying circus with breathtakingly stupid comments like this one made in 2007: The issue was simply whether carbon was an environmental pollutant or not,  he said.  I did not think it was ever regarded as that. It is not the Atmospheric Protection Agency. It s the Environmental Protection Agency. That was the basis for my dissent. The atmosphere is not part of our environment? This was a sitting Supreme Court Justice and he knew less about the planet than your average 10 year old. Or rather, he probably knew how stupid he sounded but his pro-corporate agenda was more important than his dignity.To put this in context, if Scalia s kind of  thinking  had been acceptable in the 1980s, The United States would have blocked the Montreal Protocols, ignored the depletion of the Ozone Layer and pretended that the sudden massive increase of skin cancer was perfectly natural. After all, we can t legislate the atmosphere, right?Just to be clear on how intent Scalia was on blocking any kind of Climate Change legislation, he dropped this little gem of ignorance in 2006:James Milkey, assistant attorney general of Massachusetts, corrected Justice Antonin Scalia, saying:  Respectfully, Your Honor, it is not the stratosphere. It s the troposphere. Troposphere, whatever,  Justice Scalia replied.  I told you before I m not a scientist.  Over a brief flutter of laughter from observers, he added,  That s why I don t want to have to deal with global warming, to tell you the truth. Scalia also was not a doctor but he was more than eager to give women his expert medical opinion about why they shouldn t be allowed to have abortions or birth control.I m sure his friends and family will miss him but the billions of people most impacted by Climate Change will have a chance to survive now that Corporate America s champion of denial is gone. I m not going to pretend I m not glad Scalia s seat is empty and, apparently, neither is the planet.Here s an Instagram video posted by the Death Valley National Park Service:We got you a valentine s day present  it s thousands of flowers. #YoureWelcome #BestValentineEverA video posted by Death Valley National Park (@deathvalleynps) on Feb 15, 2016 at 6:51am PSTFeatured image via Death Valley National Park Service",0
8072, Legally Blind ‘Patriots’ May Freely Carry Guns In This Southern State,"Are you, or is someone you know, a legally blind patriot who really wants to exercise their Second Amendment rights? Well, move on down to Georgia and you can do just that. No, this is not an Onion story.A man in the Southern state is making his friends very, very nervous because he is one of these legally blind patriots who are walking around strapped. David Bunch s friend, Eule Stewart, is outraged that his state allows someone to carry a weapon even after they have been declared visually impaired: I don t see anybody in their right mind giving a blind man a license to tote a gun in public He says that he can see shadows, pretty much, just shadows and movement. Think about that for a moment: Bunch is only able to see SHADOWS and the state of Georgia is like, That s cool, bro. Go ahead and carry this deadly firearm.  He literally would not be able to see if an intruder was coming into his home, or if it was one of his friends stopping by unannounced.What s worse is that the state actually pulled his driver s license because he is unable to see well enough to drive but he is STILL allowed to own a shotgun:Stewart said he offered to help his friend get around after Georgia pulled Bunch s driver s license.In January, Stewart said he drove Bunch to a Dawsonville gun shop to buy a 12-gauge shotgun. He asked me what the gun looked like,  Stewart said.  I said,  Well, it s a nice looking gun. You know, I d like to have a gun like that.  And he said,  I ll take that one. That s right, he couldn t even see the shotgun he was buying!Georgia isn t the only state that puts our lives in danger by allowing people who cannot see to own guns. The blind citizens of Iowa, Wisconsin, Texas, Michigan and a few other states also allow it. All of this is possible because there is no federal law banning the visually impaired from carrying and the chances of that changing with the NRA-puppets in control of the Senate and House, are slim to none.As we all know, the GOP isn t the least bit interested in keeping us safe as long as the NRA and gun lobby continue to keep their campaign coffers full. Featured image via YouTube screenshot (image of Iowa man, not Bunch)",0
8073, 38% Of Trump Supporters Wish South Had Won Civil War And Other Disgusting Findings In New Poll,"A new poll conducted in South Carolina on the heels of the state s Republican primary reveals the true extent of hatred from Donald Trump s base   and it is terrifying.Currently, Trump is expected to easily win South Carolina. His nearest competitor isn t even close. The landslide is so bad that Trump has hardly had to campaign in the state, while others scramble to fight for second place. What makes Trump so popular? A look at the values these voters hold gives us the disturbing answer.Public Policy Polling asked South Carolinians several questions about issues Trump has alluded to on the campaign trail and found that many of them support his most hateful rhetoric. Some even feel he doesn t go far enough.On the question of banning Muslims from entering the United States, one third of Trump s supporters said they would like to add  homosexuals  to the  Can Not Enter  list. No other candidate s supporters came even close to that level of intolerance. But they weren t finished.There s also 62/23 support among Trump voters for creating a national database of Muslims and 40/36 support for shutting down all the mosques in the United States, something no one else s voters back. Only 44% of Trump voters think the practice of Islam should even be legal at all in the United States, to 33% who think it should be illegal. To put all the views toward Muslims in context though, 32% of Trump voters continue to believe the policy of Japanese internment during World War II was a good one The message is clear: Making America Great Again means purging everyone who isn t white and Christian.Trump s supporters also felt that slavery wasn t so bad, either. In fact, 38 percent of them said they wished the South had won the Civil War. Another 38 percent weren t sure. As PPP dryly put it, Trump s were  the only one[s] whose supporters actually wish the South had won.  Needless to say, an overwhelming majority of his fans (70 percent) felt that the Confederate flag should still be flying over the State Capital.And as if all of those wistful call-backs to a time when white people owned black people were just too subtle, a full 16% of Trump s supporters say they think whites are the  superior race    the only candidate to have double digit support for this racist concept.Following Trump s latest snafu (During the debate, he correctly pointed out that George W. Bush had been president during 9/11. A Republican no-no.), there was some speculation that he would suffer in the polls. That appears to not be the case. It is Ted Cruz, in fact, who was found to be the most unlikable candidate in the race. (No surprise there, everyone hates Ted Cruz once they get to know him.) Meanwhile, Trump has actually gained a few points since the debate.It s clear that targeting Trump on any particular gaffe or talking point won t work. Trump s supporters are fanatical, singularly focused, and fueled by intolerance and hatred. Trump can continue to attack his fellow Republicans or their beloved George W. Bush just as long as he doesn t forget to mock and scapegoat minorities as well. His base demands it.It is often said that Trump s popularity is due to his ability to say what others won t. If that s the case, he s saying an awful lot about the toxic underbelly of the Republican Party.Featured image from Flickr/Alex Hanson ",0
8074," Can’t Afford Clean Water For Flint, But Israel Demands $50 Billion From U.S. Taxpayers (VIDEO)","In a showdown with the U.S. government, Israel is demanding that its current aid package be drastically increased by an enormous margin. With the current aid agreement of $30 billion over ten years set to expire in 2017, Israel now wants that increased to $50 billion over the next ten years.Where is all this money going to come from? The U.S. taxpayer of course. Instead of using this money to support the poisonous water afflicting Flint, Michigan, we give billions away to a state that perpetuates the most protracted military occupation in modern history, committing countless of human rights violations against the Palestinians.What s insane is that American politicians haven t even paid attention to Flint s water crisis, even though the lead poison in the water may have caused brain damage to thousands of American children who drank it. In a startling display of both disdain and stupidity, Republican senator and presidential candidate Marco Rubio didn t even know what was happening in Flint days after the crisis broke. He said: I d love to give you a better answer on it. It s just not an issue we ve been quite frankly fully briefed or apprised of in terms of the role the governor has played and the state has played in Michigan on these sorts of issues. Rubio continued, saying that he s unable to give: A deeply detailed answer on what the right approach should be, other than to tell you that in general I believe the federal government s role in some of these things [is] largely limited unless it involves a federal jurisdictional issue. The comical yet sad aspect of all this is when the Republican presidential candidates ignore Flint, an American city filled with American poisoned children yet grovel to prove their loyalty to Israel, a foreign country and (I must point out again) a terrible violator of Palestinian human rights. The question is why would they grovel on a level that makes it embarrassing to watch as an American? The answer lies in what pro-Israel billionaires can do for you as a politician.For example, Sheldon Edelson, the militantly pro-Israel billionaire, spent tens of millions of dollars supporting Mitt Romney against President Obama in the previous presidential elections because he thought Obama was soft when it came to Israel. Now, Republican candidates are groveling for his support and money. Marco Rubio already has a  supporter in billionaire Norman Braman. He is Rubio s largest campaign donor with an estimated $10-25 million. Braman is staunchly pro-Israel, funding an Israeli settlement in Occupied Palestine. Settlements are illegal under international law and are in contradiction to U.S. foreign policy in the region. If you listen to Rubio s rhetoric on Israel, he s religiously on board with Israel s insanity.So, when all is said and done, these signed, sealed, and delivered politicians who grovel to a foreign government must pay back the support they received during an election year. This comes in the form of robbing tax payers of billions of dollars and ignoring an urgent issue like the Flint water crisis. In all likelihood, Israel will get its billions and our cities and people will continue to be ignored.Watch Video Here:Featured image from Wikimedia Commons.  ",0
8075," MSNBC Anchor Embarrasses GOP Rep, Schools Him On The Constitution (VIDEO)","House Republican Steve King received a lesson on what the Constitution says during an interview with Tamron Hall.The MSNBC host and Iowa Rep. were discussing the death of Justice Antonin Scalia and whether or not President Obama is allowed to nominate someone to fill his vacant seat on the Supreme Court.Hall noted that Republican Senator Chuck Grassley also opposes President Obama picking the next Supreme Court Justice, but pointed out that Grassley s past statement on the subject of nominating and confirming judges in the final months of a presidency is going viral.During the final months of the Bush Administration, Grassley said that  the Senate has never stopped confirming judicial nominees during the last few months of a president s term. In addition, Hall informed King that most confirmations only last on average under 80 days in the Senate and there are still over 300 days left in Obama s final year. Hall wanted King to explain why Republicans are running away from their previous position when it comes to doing their constitutional duty and King tried to spin what Grassley said as if the Supreme Court is not part of the judicial branch. You ll find Chuck Schumer in his own words, and others also that contradict themselves, and you re going to see, if people have been in that senate long enough, that they have been on the opposite side of this equation, there will be arguments that are made on both sides of this. But if I heard Chuck Grassley s words right, he said judicial nominees, he didn t say Supreme Court justices. And that s when Hall absolutely embarrassed King by asking him to actually read what the Constitution says. And others would say please see the words correctly in the Constitution, it clearly states the role of the President, and that of the Senate. Hall then ended the interview before King could spill any more bullshit out of his mouth.Here s the video via YouTube.Republicans are always bragging about how much they love the Constitution, but just like the Bible, they apparently have never read it.If Steve King needs a refresher on what the Constitution says, I suggest he read Article II Section 2 which reads:[The President] shall have power, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he shall nominate, and by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls, judges of the Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United States, whose appointments are not herein otherwise provided for, and which shall be established by law: but the Congress may by law vest the appointment of such inferior officers, as they think proper, in the President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads of departments.The President shall have power to fill up all vacancies that may happen during the recess of the Senate, by granting commissions which shall expire at the end of their next session. Featured image from video screen capture",0
8076, U.S. Government Jailing People For Not Paying Back Student Loans (VIDEO),"The enormous debt students incur for college is already a huge burden for millions of Americans and the stress of financial debt can be daunting. Well now it can get even worse. The U.S. government is arresting borrowers who fail to pay back their student loans.This happened to Paul Aker, who was arrested for failing to pay back a $1,500 loan he took out in 1987. He says that seven U.S. marshals showed up to his home with guns and combat gear and dragged him to jail. From there, he was taken to court where he was forced to sign a repayment plan in front of a judge. Aker said: It was mind boggling, I couldn t believe it. I was standing before the court with no rights read to me, no legal representation, and I d been told that I owe $1,500, just couldn t believe it. The private sector is now able to use the government to force citizens to pay back loans. In this case, US marshals were used on behalf of debt collectors. US congressman Gene Green of Texas said:  Our federal resources, our US marshals and federal court system are being used by the private sector. A few years ago, Congress allowed the private sector to contract for student loan collections and so you have these private companies who are doing this. Private loan companies often charge enormous interest rates that plunge young Americans into perpetual debt slavery for a lifetime. It s crazy to think that they re now able to use the resources of the federal government to come after Americans who often don t have the financial resources to pay back loans.Thanks to the U.S. Congress, this has all been made possible.Watch Video Here: Featured image From YouTube Screen Capture.",0
8077, Rachel Maddow’s Brilliant Breakdown Of The Coming Battle Over Scalia’s Seat Is Terrifying (VIDEO),"The unexpected passing of Justice Antonin Scalia has added yet another layer to the incompetence Republicans display when it comes to governing. This time, however, it s not about a spending issue or an executive order they don t like; there s no looming shutdown or invented ebola crisis. This time, the GOP is threatening the very core of our democracy.Rachel Maddow is without a doubt one of the most brilliant and influential political minds of our time. Her thoughts are insightful and her opinions intertwined with logic and reason. In other words, she s the Anti-Hannity or O Reilly, Limbaugh, Beck or any other of a host of propagandists spewing the lie of the day.In this segment, Maddow breaks down why Republican obstruction of an Obama Supreme Court nominee is not only incredibly arrogant, it s also very dangerous for us as a nation. Our democracy is built on a government of three branches. When one of those branches can t function because of the ongoing threat of a tie, anything from abortion law to gun control and yes, even the outcome of a presidential election could hang in the balance.Watch Rachel Maddow make a case for just how dangerous it is to go into a national election with a vacant seat on the Supreme Court:Many of us wake up in a cold sweat after nightmares of the outcome of the 2000 election. The Supreme Court was ultimately left to decide the fate of American politics for the next four years and the result was disastrous. But, there was a result.What would happen if there was a 4-4 tie in the Supreme Court after a state like Florida was contested? The decision would then revert back to the lower court s decision, which had already been accepted for review by the higher court.The resulting circle of legal quagmire could leave us facing severe consequences, especially when Republicans figure out they can send their appeals strategically to lower court judges they know will side with them automatically.Without the 9th seat on the Supreme Court filled we can expect legal battles to arise in districts where there should be none, simply because the judges of that circuit will be able to negate the wishes of the people with no recourse from the high court.And the kooks of the right think Obama had a good reason to have Scalia assassinated?Featured image from screen capture ",0
8078, Lesbian Couple’s Valentine’s Day Ruined By A**hole Chef Who Thinks They Need A Man (IMAGE),"It s infuriating that there are still men who act like total pigs.Ellie Parker only wanted to have a wonderful first Valentine s Day with her girlfriend. So she took her to Asahi Japanese Steakhouse in Lafayette, Indiana. They had expected good service and good food to make their evening special and memorable. But it only became memorable for all the wrong reasons.She explained on Facebook that she and her girlfriend attended dinner with a group and the chef came out to their table to to cook the food right there in front of them, which is pretty cool. Not cool is what the chef did next. He proceeded to ask the women at the table if they were with their boyfriend or husband, and then acted completely rude when Parker said she was with her girlfriend.That s when the chef crossed the line from professional to creepy asshole. He not only told both women that they needed a man, he inquired as to whether he could be that man as if he could turn the lesbian couple straight.But Parker describes the incident much better. I m not normally one to complain on social media, but the service I had at dinner tonight warrants a little complaining. I took my girlfriend out to Asahi for our first Valentine s Day together. Our chef came to grill our food for us and was asking everyone if the person with them was their boyfriend or husband. He got to my girlfriend and I and asked where our valentines were. We told him we were each other s valentines. We were holding hands mind you. Clearly a couple. He proceeds to say  well it is legal, but it s such a waste to not have a man.  Later he continues to insult our relationship by saying he could come home with us to  heat things up.  I am appalled that I would receive this kind of treatment. I cannot believe I paid over $50 to have my relationship insulted and sexualized. At the end of dinner, Parker wrote on the receipt  Don t tell lesbians they need a man on Valentine s Day.  Apparently, the restaurant was so embarrassed that they gave them their money back.Here s an image of the receipt via Parker s Facebook page.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;I m not normally one to complain on social media, but the service I had at dinner tonight warrants a little complaining .Posted by Ellie Parker on Sunday, February 14, 2016Frankly, Asahi should either fire the chef or at the very least force him to take sensitivity classes because this is about as unprofessional as it gets. Featured image from Facebook ",0
8079, Catholic Church: It Is Not ‘Necessary’ For Bishops To Report Child Sex Abuse To Police,"The Catholic Church has a decades long   and likely even longer than that   history of covering up child sexual abuse. They even looked the other way when child pornography was found within the walls of the Vatican itself. And now, despite Pope Francis s declarations that he would put a stop to this, recent actions and statements by the Church strongly contradict that.Times Live reports that a set of guidelines drawn up to train newly ordained bishops says the following: According to the state of civil laws of each country where reporting is obligatory, it is not necessarily the duty of the bishop to report suspects to authorities, the police or state prosecutors in the moment when they are made aware of crimes or sinful deeds. So, in other words, these people are telling their new bishops that they don t have to go to the cops if they find out someone in their charge is molesting kids. That is in sharp contrast to Pope Francis s earlier statement, which said: Everything possible must be done to rid the church of the scourge of the sexual abuse. Well, your words are high-minded, Pope Francis, but the guidelines regarding this issue are not. Nothing has changed. You people might be pretending to be concerned about the continued victimization of the children within your parishes and under the charge of your priests and bishops, but you aren t, really. All you care about is the church s image, and getting butts in the pews and cash in the collection plates.There is absolutely no defending this one. They are, essentially, grooming new bishops to continue covering up these heinous crimes, and hiding behind religious freedom and privileged communication to do so.Word to the wise, parents: the LAST people you should ever trust your children with without question are these priests and bishops. There s no telling what will happen to them.Featured image from Donkey Hotey on Flickr",0
8080, WATCH: Patriot’s ‘Stand For Freedom’ Thwarted By Evil Socialist Ceiling Fan (VIDEO),"One man s  stand for freedom  ended disastrously when he forgot to look up. YouTuber  Latherland  uploaded a clip on Thursday that shows a man attempting to make a patriotic, inspiring video that will convince the world to stand up to the tyrannical United States government. You know what?  the unidentified man says in front of a backdrop of a whirring ceiling fan.  It s about time our people took a stand for freedom. Inspiring. The gentleman emphasizes his point by standing up on his bed, but apparently forgets the fan buzzing above him. So you know what?  he says as he rises.  As a patriot, I m going to take a motherf*cking F*ck, sh*t,  Our hero yelled as he bravely smashed his head into something hard.  God damn it. F*ck. The brave American then turned the camera off as he groaned in pain.For some reason, stupid people love to showcase their love of freedumb every chance they get, usually with some sort of moronic stunt   like the American Flag-clad, Confederate flag-waving  Murikan who set himself on fire like a bombastically stupid Tibetan monk while showing off his flag-waviness for the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, or whatever the f*ck this is.Stupidity kills, and conservatives are full of it. According to the mystical art in which they don t believe, science, there is a strong link between conservatism and low IQ. In other words, they are exactly the sort of people who would not stop to think that ceiling fans make  boom  and  ouch. Watch this trainwreck below:Featured image via screengrab",0
8081, Watch: MSNBC’s Chris Hayes Apologizes On Air For Releasing Deceptively Edited Anti-Clinton Video,"MSNBC s Chris Hayes has consistently proven to be a strong voice in the liberal movement. Alongside Rachel Maddow, he is one of MSNBC s most gifted bullshit detectors, capable of sounding the alarm around Republican lies and nonsense wherever it might occur. That s why it was so disappointing to see him fall into the low-brow dredge of trying to stir up a  Clinton hates Obama  false narrative to help fan the flames of Democratic in-fighting this election season.On Friday, Hayes used a segment on MSNBC s All In with Chris Hayes to go after Bill Clinton for sounding  off-message  and out of sync with his wife s campaign. His show ran a clip of the former president speaking at a recent Hillary rally, and quoted him as saying that the current president (that would be Barack Obama) isn t a  change maker. Hayes: If that s Clinton s winning strategy, she might want to make sure her husband is in the loop. Bill seemed to go a bit off-message last night in Tennessee while campaigning for his wife.Clinton: She s always making something good happen. She s the best change maker I ve ever known. A lot of people say, you don t understand. It s different now. It s rigged. Yeah, it s rigged because you don t have a president who is a change maker.Sounds bad right?Well actually, as legions of disappointed fans pointed out to Hayes throughout the weekend on social media, the clip Hayes showed was painfully out of context. If MSNBC s editing team had kept it rolling for just a few seconds longer, audiences would have seen that Clinton was channeling President Obama s naysayers, and not speaking for himself. Just one sentence later, Clinton quite literally ends with a pro-Obama crescendo that has the entire audience applauding.By Monday Hayes seems to have read the writing on the wall (or the mentions in his Twitter feed) and issued an on-air apology and played the entire clip that debunked his  off-message  narrative.Bill Clinton s supposed criticism of Obama fall apart when you see him add  But the President has done a better job than he has gotten credit for, and don t you forget it! Hayes couldn t help but half-defend his indefensible editing saying it was still arguably true,  but concluded by agreeing with his critics. In cutting off that clip, we didn t allow you the chance to make that judgment for yourself in the full light of context. We shouldn t have done that. In full light of the context, the entire point of the segment falls apart. The better option would have simply been to not run the  story  at all. During this divisive time, people are angry enough as it is. They don t need manufactured scandals to feed the ugliness.Feature image via MSNBC",0
8082, Mitch McConnell SLAMS His Own SCOTUS-Obstructing Ways In ‘Kentucky Law Journal’,"After the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, many people have offered up their opinions on what should happen in regards to who should replace him. It is the president s constitutional duty to nominate someone for the role, however several Republicans have voiced their dissent, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY).Directly after the announcement of Scalia s passing, McConnell wrote on Facebook a message of condolence for his family alongside this remark. The American people should have a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court Justice. Therefore, this vacancy should not be filled until we have a new President. However, according to Sarah Burgess on Twitter, McConnell contradicts his own current views. In the 1970-71 Kentucky Law Journal, McConnell wrote: At the outset, the Senate should discount the philosophy of the nominee. In our politically centrist society, it is highly unlikely that any Executive would nominate a man of such extreme views of the right of the left as to be disturbing to the Senate. However, a nomination, for example, of a Communist or a member of the American Nazi Parly, would have to be considered an exception to the recommendation that the Senate leave ideological considerations to the discretion of the Executive. Political and philosophical considerations were often a factor in the nineteenth century and arguably in the Parker, Haynsworth and Carswell cases also, but this is not proper and tends to degrade the Court and dilute the constitutionally proper authority of the Executive in this area. The President is presumably elected by the people to carry out a program and altering the ideological directions of the Supreme Court would seem to be a perfectly legitimate part of a Presidential platform. To that end, the Constitution gives to him the power to nominate. As mentioned earlier, if the power to nominate had been given to the Senate, as was considered during the debates at the Constitutional Convention, then it would be proper for the Senate to consider political philosophy. The proper role of the Senate is to advise and consent to the particular nomination, and thus, as the Constitution puts it,  to appoint.  This taken within the context of modern times should mean an examination only into the qualifications of the President s nominee. According to himself, McConnell would have to agree President Obama is within his full right and duty as Commander-in-Chief to nominate someone who he deems appropriate for the role of Supreme Court Justice. Even if that means  altering the ideological directions of the Supreme Court.  He should still see that to be  perfectly legitimate. However, with the times being as they are during an election year, you can see why Republicans are terrified of an Obama nominee, because the implications would be huge surrounding several cases, including cases surrounding voting rights.To say the least, it s not surprising that McConnell is a giant hypocrite contradicting even himself and his own view of the law. Hopefully he ll come to his senses sooner rather than later.Featured image: Flickr",0
8083, Bill Clinton Hilariously Smacks Down Obnoxious Trump Supporter As Only He Can (VIDEO),"While at a campaign event in Riviera Beach Florida, Bill Clinton was speaking about his wife, Hillary, and letting everyone know why they should choose her in the upcoming election. However, from the crowd came shouts of protest from a lone Donald Trump supporter who stood with a Trump campaign sign smirking and looking very proud of himself.What this protester didn t realize was coming was the fact that the former president is used to being attacked from every angle. He will have a comeback and retort to everything thrown his way. So that protester soon had his condescending smirk wiped off his face by an epic verbal smack down that he likely was not expecting.The Trump supporter was shouting You took his money!  in reference to the Clinton s taking Trump s money for their foundation. This is when Clinton responded without even blinking an eye: I certainly did. I took his money for my foundation and used it better than he s using it now. However, the Trump minion still stood there with his smug little smile waving his sign around for all to see. And as the crowd grew restless at this obnoxious display, Clinton took on this creep head on. Referencing Trump, he said: I remember when he called me to say how terrible the Republicans had been to Hillary and me and how unfair they were and what a brilliant job Hillary did as a senator. By the way, a lot of them called me about that, which is why they spent the last three years trying to tear her down because they know if they nominate her they are going to have to eat the words they said. However, the former president wasn t done. As the Secret Service finally led the Trump lackey away, Clinton said: If you want to build a wall along the Rio Grande and spend $13 million, then you should follow him like Moses into the Promised Land. BURRRNNN! Clinton basically told the guy that Trump is full of crap and is selling him on racist promises he simply won t be able to deliver.The lesson to be learned from all of this? Don t mess with the Explainer-in-Chief. He will SHUT YOU DOWN.Watch here:Video/Featured image: YouTube",0
8084, Trump Supporter Blows Up Fox Segment By Attacking Panelist’s ‘Big Boobs’ (VIDEO),"Fox News never disappoints when it operates more like a derange reality TV show than a news network. On Monday, a Mornings with Maria segment went off the rails when Trump supporter and reality TV star Omarosa Manigault flipped out on left-leaning Fox contributor Tamara Holder and targeted her  big boobs    leaving even host Maria Bartiromo in shock and trying to maintain control.This special moment was prefaced with a discussion about Trump s recent criticism of George W. Bush s performance regarding the 9/11 terror attacks and Iraq war. When Holder commented that she wished the Republican front-runner would talk more about Black Lives Matter or improving inner cities instead of trying to politicize the 9/11 attacks, former Apprentice star Manigault forgot where she was and brought the drama full force to live television.In arguing that the topic should stay on Trump s criticism of the Iraq war, Manigault s blind rage got the best of her and she focused on Holder s breast size as things got heated. You can watch what happened below:Holder had just corrected Manigault s pronunciation of her first name when the disgruntled ex-TV personality shot back: It s the same difference, boo. You want to come on with big boobs, then you deal with the pronunciation of your name. Bartiromo, almost in a state of shock, interrupted and asked, Wait a second, why are you bringing up Tamara s boobs? Manigault explained, Because she started going back talking about,  Oh, you were a Democrat and you supported Hillary Clinton.  If you want to get personal, we can get personal. Holder struggled to understand Manigault s reasoning and asked, Wait, how does who you support have to do with the size of my boobs? Considering that this is how I was born. I mean, I m sorry. Manigault refused to ease up and said, I m sorry, I should have called you a boob. Can we talk about Donald Trump? I mean, what else can you expect from a Trump supporter? It s been proven throughout Trump s campaign that his loyal fans are just as sexist, racist and all-around offensive and he is   in short, they love him because he IS them. Trump has a long history of making sexist, misogynistic comments about women   and Manigault simply embodied those values in this segment.As much of a train wreck as this was, Bartiromo wasn t all that embarrassed that this happened on her show, because she retweeted an article about the inappropriate segment soon after it was published.Featured image is a screenshot via Raw Story",0
8085, ‘Liberal Media’ Scrubs Clip Of Chuck Todd Saying Something Mean About Ted Cruz (VIDEO),"We often hear about the  liberal media s  attempts to swing everything to the left. This myth of media bias is often repeated on Fox News, on right-wing blogs, and basically anywhere conservatives gather. The  liberal media,  according to them, seeks to destroy everything good and pure   like the right to discriminate against  the gays  and  the blacks,  and impose a Christofascist theocracy on our nation. According to legend, the most  liberal  of the 24-hour news networks is MSNBC.Unfortunately, even MSNBC seems to be shifting to the Right lately. On Monday, the news network deleted a clip that was unfavorable to, of all people, Ted Cruz.The clip in question was from Sunday s edition of Meet the Press, and featured host Chuck Todd expressing nothing short of disgust as Cruz spoke. In the clip, as Cruz compares recently-deceased hatemonger and Supreme Court Justice, Antonin Scalia, to Ronald Reagan. Todd can be heard, almost imperceptibly, muttering  Oh god  as Cruz makes the comparison:CRUZ: And, Chuck, just as Ronald Reagan was to the Presidency, so Antonin Scalia was to the Supreme Court. He had that big an impact.TODD: Oh God.CRUZ: And I think his passing yesterday really underscores the stakes of this election.After reports began to circulate, MSNBC could  have   being the  liberal media  and all   published a statement explaining that, yes, Todd was a bit astonished by the stupidity of Cruz s statement, even considering how terrible Reagan was (let s face it: Scalia was much, much worse). Instead, they pulled the clip. The only reason, the only reason this would have happened would be to protect Cruz from embarrassment. This is the clip, with audio enhanced to make the phrase clear:According to Mediaite,  MSNBC has re-aired the clip, and only now, they have scrubbed Todd s aside from the conversation.  The new clip does, indeed, seem to be missing the words  Oh, god. This revisionism, sadly, paints MSNBC in a bad light. As a news organization, they have a responsibility to report the truth. In this case, they removed audio from a report in order to save themselves some trouble.The Right loves to paint MSNBC as dishonest. In this case, they were.Tell MSNBC it is not OK to dishonestly edit their reports by clicking this link. The last thing we need is another Fox News.Watch the new clip below:Featured image via screengrab",0
8086, Bernie Sanders’ Takedown Of Donald Trump’s ‘Greatness’ Is Absolutely Hysterical (VIDEO),"Senator Bernie Sanders had the crowd roaring with laughter during a campaign rally in Nevada on Sunday as he mocked a certain GOPer mercilessly.The victim of Sanders  flawless sense of humor was none other than Republican front runner Donald Trump, who has been known to boast about how great he is at every endeavor he s ever tried his hand at. Not a day goes by that Trump isn t shoving his ego down the throats of Americans, with ridiculous claims that he will be the  greatest jobs president  or  the best thing that ever happened to women. Sanders used Trump s inflated sense of self against him, turning the business mogul into some comic relief for his supporters.As soon as Sanders mentioned Trump s name, the audience was booing the GOP candidate despite Sanders  attempts to calm them down. But he knows just how to lift the mood and the entire audience was soon laughing as Sanders said, We know that Donald Trump is the greatest everything in the world. There is nothing that this man is not  the greatest  at. And one of his major scientific contributions in recent years has been to proclaim that climate change is a hoax. Now, for Republican candidates, this is not an unusual idea, but [Trump] added something to it, being the brilliant scientist that he is: That this hoax was created by the Chinese! This made Sanders  supporters giggle, as he noted how strange it was that Trump didn t blame climate change on immigrants or Muslims   two minorities that Trump loves to blame for basically anything. You can watch Sanders  hilarious takedown of the GOPer below:Obviously, Trump is nothing close to a scientist, but that doesn t stop him from blabbering on about his extensive  knowledge  of the subject. Even though Trump later tried to distance himself from the tweets where he d said China was responsible for climate change, there are plenty other examples that show Trump doesn t know a damn thing about the subject   after all, he d once said that climate change was a hoax because of extreme winter weather!Trump is a complete idiot, and perhaps one of the things he s really the greatest at is showing just how ridiculous he and his fellow conservatives are. Featured image from video screen capture",0
8087, Top SCOTUS Insider Knows The ‘Most Likely’ Choice To Replace Scalia,"Conservatives are busy mourning the death of Antonin Scalia, and coming up with ways to make sure that no one President Obama picks will make it through to the court. Well, if they are angry and scheming right now, this next prediction will have the right positively fuming.According to NBC News, Tom Goldstein, the Supreme Court expert who is the mastermind behind SCOTUSblog, is predicting that President Obama will nominate current Attorney General Loretta Lynch to replace the recently deceased Scalia. Calling Lynch a  very serious possibility,  Goldstein went on to say: The fact that Lynch was vetted so recently for attorney general also makes it practical for the president to nominate her in relatively short order. Goldstein s predictions are in sharp contrast to those of Robert Reich, who believes that the pick would be Judge Sri Srinivasan, who has been nominated to a lower Court of Appeals by President Obama. However, it seems that Goldstein s prediction makes much more sense, both practically and politically.This nomination could be a political windfall for the left, and a disaster for the right. With so many Republicans vowing to refuse to allow any of Obama s nominees onto the court, their image problem when it comes to race will not be helped if they refuse to confirm Lynch. After all, she would be the first black woman to make it to the Supreme Court, and they would look like a bunch of racists and misogynists. Further, according to Goldstein, Lynch s history as a career prosecutor makes it very difficult to paint her as excessively liberal. Essentially, a Loretta Lynch nomination does everything the left needs it to do, and completely paints the GOP obstructionists into a corner. They already have serious problems with racial minorities, and with the way they treated the Loretta Lynch confirmation for the position of Attorney General, they can t afford to treat her badly again. People already called that racism and misogyny out for what it was, and if they want to maintain any kind of semblance of respect when it comes to race issues and minority communities, they will not block Lynch a second time. Goldstein s points on the issues a Lynch nomination poses for the GOP were nothing short of perfect: I think the administration would relish the prospect of Republicans either refusing to give Lynch a vote or seeming to treat her unfairly in the confirmation process. Either eventuality would motivate both black and women voters. Oh, I surely hope that this is true. Talk about a great way for President Obama to stick it to the GOP on his way out.Featured image from White House Flickr",0
8088, Stephen King Sums Up This Entire Presidential Election In One Glorious Tweet,"It can be said that this current election cycle has been one of the most bizarre ever in the history of the United States. Sure, there have been nasty elections in the past that include those who notoriously mudsling, spread lies, and try to do anything to win. However, this election? This election may take the cake.To perfectly sum up this election, one person has tweeted something that is beyond perfect. One can only assume this tweet was aimed at this current presidential process, because it speaks flawlessly to the tone of what we ve all been witnessing.In one perfectly glorious tweet, Stephen King says: The stupidest, ugliest Presidential campaign in my entire life. HOUSE OF CARDS meets SHARKNADO. The stupidest, ugliest Presidential campaign in my entire life: HOUSE OF CARDS meets SHARKNADO.  Stephen King (@StephenKing) February 15, 2016Honestly? There is no better summation. House of Cards being the Netflix original series showing the gruesome and manipulative underbelly of the Washington DC machine, and Sharknado a film about a tornado sucking up sharks and raining them down on all of us to slowly destroy civilization. Where s Ian Ziering when you need him?This analogy rings beyond true as it shows the ugliness and ridiculousness of what we ve been witnessing all wrapped into one. Leave it to the brilliant Stephen King to put this election into words.Featured image: Twitter",0
8089, NBC Host SLAMS Rubio’s Ignorance On SCOTUS: ‘Do Presidential Terms End After 3 Years?’ (VIDEO),"It looks as though Republicans are hellbent on obstructing President Obama from doing his constitutional responsibility of nominating a new Justice to the Supreme Court to replace the recently departed Justice Antonin Scalia. They keep touting the line that we should wait until the next president is elected, that way the people can weigh in on who they d like as a replacement, not quite realizing the people did weigh in (twice) when they elected and reelected President Obama. However, they know that Justice Scalia was the most conservative voice on the Court and knowing that Obama has the chance to nominate a liberal terrifies them to no end.No greater example of this fear was demonstrated than by Republican presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio while on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd. Rubio said: We have an obligation to do it, but not now. This term of the Supreme Court, they just started it. But it s not all year long. The court can function with eight justices, it does it all the time, especially when justices have to recuse themselves. For example, Kagan had to recuse herself early in her term because she had just left the administration.We re going to have an election in November where this vacancy is going to be an item of debate and voters are going to get their weigh in. So I just don t think it s wise. And there s precedent for this, for a president nearing the last few months of his administration, to put someone on the court that may be there for 30 years. If you squint, you ll be able to see Rubio reach down his pants to pull that statement out of his ass. And knowing that line is absolute poppycock, and listening to Rubio try to justify himself, Chuck Todd snaps back: Do presidential terms end after three years? That s what I don t understand, is why not go through the advice and consent? You don t have to approve it. You can reject it. That s what happened in  68. But why not go through this process?  And BOOM goes the dynamite. Todd was quite visibly perplexed and couldn t quite seem to be able to wrap his head around the fact that Rubio was actually saying the words that were coming out of his mouth.However, Rubio wasn t done. Squirming in his Underoos after that question, he said: There comes a point in the last year of the president, especially in their second term, where you stop nominating. You basically say, at this point, with a few months left in your term, no accountability from the ballot box on the appointment you re going to make   on a lifetime appointment. But Todd interrupts this malarkey: We re Eleven months .! Declaring the amount of time left in Obama s term as Commander-in-Chief, and insinuating the president has every right to nominate someone new.Squirming some more, Rubio keeps denying the fact that Obama has every right to nominate a new Justice, because he thinks that he s going to be president and he wants to nominate a conservative just like Scalia.What Rubio needs to understand is, President Obama can, should and will nominate someone to replace Scalia. Republicans are showing their fear and it s ugly. They are proving they are  constitutionalists  until they actually have to abide by the constitution, as per usual.Let s hope Obama nominates someone amazing, and nominates them soon.Watch the interaction here: Video: NBC Featured image: Screen Capture",0
8090, Texas Newspapers Humiliate Ted Cruz By Endorsing ANYONE But Him For President,"Ted Cruz is so hated that even his home state newspapers will endorse anyone but him and what they had to say about him is absolutely embarrassing.Despite being the only presidential candidate from the Lone Star State, the three major newspapers in Texas refused to endorse the Tea Party Senator, citing his dangerous agenda.According to the San Antonio Express-News, The freshman senator has demonstrated a frightening willingness to push the American economy to the brink of disaster to pursue his ideological agenda   even when he clearly does not have the votes to get his way The freshman senator s methodical run for the White House is obviously well-planned, but Cruz s self-centered approach has thoroughly alienated even his Republican Senate colleagues. And that is obviously a recipe for a weak, unsuccessful administration. He lacks the temperament to be president.Instead, the newspaper reluctantly endorsed Jeb Bush, writing that he s  not the flashiest candidate in the crowded Republican presidential field. And he lacks the mischievous charm that his older brother, George W. Bush, used to navigate his way through campaign obstacles. That really sounds like a ringing endorsement, doesn t it?The Dallas Morning News also rejected Cruz, writing in their endorsement of  crusty  and  irritable  Ohio Governor John Kasich that, As much as we d like to see a Texan in the White House, we fear that Cruz s brand of politics is more about disruption than governing and threatens to take the Republican Party to a dark place. As we ve written before, continuing obstructionist paths might excite primary voters, but it won t benefit the nation or the conservative cause. The Houston Chronicle echoed their rival newspapers, piling on the criticism of Ted Cruz while joining the San Antonio Express-News by endorsing Bush as well. He may not be a great candidate,  the Chronicle conceded,  but he would be a great nominee   and a capable president,  the paper continued in an obviously desperate bid to endorse anyone but Cruz, whom they slammed as  disastrous for the Republican Party, disastrous for the nation. Jeb Bush and John Kasich are currently polling in single digits nationally as Cruz and Trump continue to lead the field with their brand of conservative lunacy that appeals to a large swath of right-wing voters who just want to light a match and watch the country burn.But it s truly hilarious that even Texas newspapers don t have the stomach to endorse to Cruz. It should be embarrassing for him, but he hates the free press so he probably doesn t care. Hopefully voters will care enough to stop supporting him.Featured Image: Nation of Change",0
8091, You’re Going To Want To Read Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s Tribute To Her ‘Best Buddy’ Scalia,"All over the world you ll see unlikely pairings; an elephant that is best friends with a dog, or a horse that befriends a duck, or a tiger that loves his monkey. And then there s Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and the recently departed Justice Antonin Scalia. Two people who on paper should loathe one another, because quite frankly, they couldn t be more opposite in political viewpoints. Ginsburg the liberal and Scalia the staunch conservative. Yet, they were close friends during their tenure together on the United States Supreme Court, and even before that as well.As every Justice wrote a statement after the passing of Scalia, all very moving and paying tribute to the conservative, one stood out among all the others   Justice Ginsburg s. As you read it, you can tell she was thinking back on memories of times they spent together and it is actually quite touching. She refers to their friendship as  best buddies. Toward the end of the opera Scalia/Ginsburg, tenor Scalia and soprano Ginsburg sing a duet:  We are different, we are one,  different in our interpretation of written texts, one in our reverence for the Constitution and the institution we serve. From our years together at the D.C. Circuit, we were best buddies. We disagreed now and then, but when I wrote for the Court and received a Scalia dissent, the opinion ultimately released was notably better than my initial circulation. Justice Scalia nailed all the weak spots the  applesauce  and  argle bargle and gave me just what I needed to strengthen the majority opinion. He was a jurist of captivating brilliance and wit, with a rare talent to make even the most sober judge laugh. The press referred to his  energetic fervor,   astringent intellect,   peppery prose,   acumen,  and  affability,  all apt descriptions. He was eminently quotable, his pungent opinions so clearly stated that his words never slipped from the reader s grasp.Justice Scalia once described as the peak of his days on the bench an evening at the Opera Ball when he joined two Washington National Opera tenors at the piano for a medley of songs. He called it the famous Three Tenors performance. He was, indeed, a magnificent performer. It was my great good fortune to have known him as working colleague and treasured friend. The opera she s referring to  Scalia/Ginsburg  noted their relationship, and in the song  We are different, we are one  it shows that despite their differences in almost every way opinion-wise, they were still there together on the Supreme Court. Respecting one another s opinions, albeit perhaps not agreeing. They were friends.What Ginsburg s statement shows is that despite all that may divide us, there is far more that can bring us together. We need to acknowledge these otherwise unlikely  best buddies  and respect their bond. She is undoubtedly very sad after his passing, and after reading her statement, you can t help but look at Scalia in a different light than one may have originally perceived. This is a note from a friend to another friend after their passing, and it has to be appreciated.Featured image: Flickr/Wikimedia",0
8092," Sorry, Not Sorry: Here Are Some Of The Funniest Responses To Scalia’s Death (IMAGES)","Ordinarily we would not celebrate the death of another human being, but some people are just so awful that they make us want to run into the streets and jump for joy when they finally bite the dust. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia was one of those people. While the Republican Party is mourning his death, liberals aren t doing any such thing. Sure, we feel sympathy for his family because they lost a loved one, but that s where it ends.Antonin Scalia spent his career on the Supreme Court violating the rights of everyone who was not a white, Christian, Republican male. Not only did he help place George W. Bush in the White House in 2000, he also fought against women s rights, voting rights, and LGBT rights.  Justice Scalia was also a racist who believed that African-Americans are not smart enough to attend elite universities with white students.No, we are not saddened by his passing, we are relieved that he will no longer be able to inflict harm on the people of the United States. Seriously though, I hope someone did that. Doesn t seem very pro-life to me, but his decisions rarely were. HAHAHAHAHA!Best day ever! I stand with God, do you? Very few . Who is Clarence going to copy now?! OMG what s going to happen to him?! We have decided that Jesus wouldn t like that very much. Thankfully, President Obama now has the opportunity to replace Satan s spawn with a justice who actually supports the Constitution and ALL of its amendments. Republicans are going to fight like hell to keep this from happening, because they, like Scalia, do not care about this country or its citizens. And this, my friends, is why it is so important that we put our Bernie/Hillary fighting aside and vote for whomever the Democratic Party picks as our candidate.I m going to leave you with this, the truest of all the Scalia memes: All images from Facebook/ Twitter/ Instagram",0
8093, Bush Attorney General: Obama ‘Has An Obligation’ To Fill Scalia’s Seat (VIDEO),"Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is still dead and the Republican Party is still pledging to block any nominee for the vacancy that President Obama puts forth. According to right-wingers like Ted Cruz, the president doesn t have the  right  to elect a new justice because in the distorted minds of the imbeciles in the GOP the American people only elect Democratic presidents for three years, not the four Republicans get. However, not everyone on the crazy side of the aisle believes this nonsense, actually a very high-ranking member of the Bush Administration, former-Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, thinks that it is President Obama s  obligation  to appoint someone to the court.On Monday, AG Gonzales appeared on CNN s New Day to discuss the  controversy  surrounding the vacancy on the highest court in the country: I know there s a big debate going on right now about whether or not Obama should nominate someone. From my perspective having worked at the White House and the Dept. of Justice, there s just no question in my mind that as president of the United States, you have an obligation to fill a vacancy. I suspect President Obama is going to do his job,  he continued.  And after he does his job and nominating a hopefully qualified individual, the Senate will do its job eventually on its own calendar. The president absolutely has an obligation to fill the court, it is one of his most important duties as president. Of course, I don t really expect Ted Cruz and his buddies to understand anything about  duties,  after all, these are the imbeciles that refused to do their jobs and shut the government down in 2013. Their most important job is to keep the government running and they couldn t even do that.If they decide to be the jackasses we expect them to be, they will once again cripple the government because they are literally incapable of governing. The Republican Party doesn t feel an obligation to perform their duties, they only feel obligated to obstruct Obama   at any cost.Watch:Featured image via video screenshot",0
8094, BOMBSHELL: Scalia Wanted A Liberal On The Court,"Ever since the passing of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, pretty much everyone has chimed in with an opinion of what should happen next. Republicans want President Obama to hold off on nominating anyone. They are skillfully maneuvering their language to say that the nation should wait for the next president. While everyone with common sense and a basic understanding of the Constitution understands it s the president s job to pick someone new.The next question would obviously be,  who should that someone be? Well, as it turns out, Justice Scalia often voiced his opinion on this matter. As President Obama s senior adviser David Axelrod pointed out on CNN, after Justice Souter announced his retirement, Scalia knew exactly who he wanted as a replacement.Axelrod sat with Scalia during a previous White House Correspondents Dinner, and as they sat, they discussed who Scalia would like to see on the court. Scalia told him: I have no illusions that your man will nominate someone who shares my orientation. But I hope he sends us someone smart. But he wasn t done. Continuing, he said: Let me put a finer point on it. I hope he sends us Elena Kagan. Seemingly surprised by this pick, Axelrod wrote on CNN: I was surprised that a member of the court would so bluntly propose a nominee, and intrigued that it was Kagan, the former Harvard Law School dean who was appointed solicitor general by Obama to represent the government before the Supreme Court. Though she had worked on policy in the Clinton administration and had a reputation for pragmatism, Kagan plainly would be a liberal in the context of the court. And although Obama went on to pick Justice Sotomayor, later when Justice John Paul Stevens retired, Kagan got her chance, and undoubtedly Scalia was pleased.Justice Scalia was a conservative through and through on matters of everything policy. However, he was able to maintain very close friendships with those whom he worked with and was close to, even those whose leanings were far more liberal. Axelrod even pointed out: During her confirmation meetings with senators, Kagan had vowed to go hunting to allay their concerns about her cultural awareness on the issue of guns. When she joined the court, she asked her friend, Scalia, to take her. The two, who occasionally shot intellectual darts at each other on paper, became regular, if unlikely, hunting partners. Thus proving that no matter how opposite some may be on matters of policy, those on the highest court in the land were still able to hold friendships and work together despite their differences. A lesson many in Washington probably still need to learn.It s also surprising that Scalia would talk about who he wanted with the president s senior adviser. He clearly wanted Kagan as his pick. Otherwise he probably would ve kept it to himself. This definitely shines a new light on Scalia, a man whose decisions have ranged from racist to homophobic to misogynistic to sometimes outright cruel. However, he clearly favored balance in the court, and for that, he needs to be respected.Featured image: Flickr",0
8095, Jim Vejvoda’s HILARIOUS Scalia Tweet Is Nothing Short Of PERFECT (IMAGE),"Republicans love to say that they are the party of God. More than a few GOP presidential candidates in the last year have said that God values their bigoted, conservative  family values  and assorted despicable  principles  and points of view, but the death of Antonin Scalia really calls all of that into question. Scalia was about as much of a far-right nut as anyone could ask for, and now that he is dead, the right is terrified that President Obama will nominate someone with a bit of sense, compassion, and knowledge of the Constitution to the Court to replace him.However, the fact that Scalia died when he did completely undermines the idea that some kind of higher power favors far right nonsense, and movie executive extraordinaire Jim Vejoda brillianatly pointed that out on Twitter. Vejoda pointed out that the stars could not have aligned more perfectly for liberals with the timing of Scalia s death:He s right, of course. If conservatives are claiming that some divine power is on their side after this one, they really are delusional. Get it through your heads, right-wingers: Nobody, including the universe, likes ugly, and you folks are as ugly as they come. Most folks are saying good riddance to Antonin Scalia   apparently, including your so-called God.Featured image from Twitter",0
8096, John Oliver MERCILESSLY Takes Apart The GOP For Making Up ‘Bullshit’ Rule (VIDEO),"John Oliver absolutely humiliated Mitch McConnell and the GOP for vowing to block any Supreme Court nominee picked by President Obama.During his show on Sunday, Oliver had wanted to recap the last three months he has missed since going on break, but due to the unexpected death of Justice Antonin Scalia he changed the plan and focused instead on how Republicans vowed to obstruct President Obama from filling Scalia s empty seat on the bench.Indeed, Scalia s body wasn t even cold yet before Republicans declared their willingness to desecrate the Constitution he loved so much, and Oliver ripped them apart for it. There is now a huge vacancy on the Supreme Court that needs to be filled, or if you listened to the Republicans in the last 24 hours   not,  Oliver began before showing a clip of Donald Trump telling Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to  delay, delay, delay  until a new president can fill the seat in 2017. And Oliver really slammed McConnell since he often obstructs anything President Obama and Democrats try to get done. Well, that does not bode well because Mitch McConnell is actually pretty good at delaying things for people whether it s legislation, court appointments, or orgasms. Believe me, if you ever need to  delay, delay, delay  an orgasm, just picture this face and I guarantee you nothing will happen   possibly for the rest of your life. Oliver then took aim at the Strom Thurmond Rule, an unwritten rule in the Senate that supposedly dictates that presidents can t nominate Supreme Court Justices in the last six months of their final year in office. Yes, the Strom Thurmond Rule. Now, I m not surprised that there is one but I thought that it was always about hush money required to keep your secret family a secret or how racist an old person is allowed to become before their age is no longer an excuse. Oliver then revealed McConnell as a hypocrite for even bringing up this  bullshit rule  because he has condemned its use in the past, specifically in 2008. And yes, there s video, which Oliver happily played. Our Democratic colleagues continually talk about the so-called  Thurmond Rule,  under which the Senate supposedly stops confirming judges in a presidential election year,  McConnell said on the Senate floor.  This seeming obsession with this rule that doesn t exist is an excuse for our colleagues to run out the clock on qualified nominees who are waiting to fill badly needed vacancies. Yes, it seems the  Thurmond Rule  is a bit like God: when things are going your way, you don t bring it up a lot,  Oliver pointed out.  But as soon as you re in trouble   it is all that you talk about. He also pointed out that the rule is about the last six months of a presidency, which for President Obama doesn t begin until July 20th. He also pointed out that Republicans are shitting all over Scalia s memory by disobeying Article II Section II of the Constitution which says the president shall appoint judges of the Supreme Court with the advice and consent of the Senate.In other words, Senate Republicans must do their job just as President Obama must do his.But as Oliver noted, leave it to Republicans to honor Scalia s memory by stretching the definition of  late term. Here s the video via YouTube. Featured image from screen capture",0
8097, The RNC Pulled A Nasty Little Trick To Raise Money And Donald Trump Is FURIOUS,"Donald Trump and the RNC have had a roller coaster ride of a relationship ever since the establishment was forced to acknowledge that Trump is, in fact, a viable candidate for the party s nomination. In the beginning, they attempted to separate the Republican National Committee from the racist rhetoric and asinine platform The Donald is running on, only to switch positions when they realized they were setting up a third party run sure to doom the GOP s chances in the general election.After some schmoozing, the unlikely allies seemed to smooth things over, with Trump signing a pledge not to run as a third party candidate and the RNC dialing down the attacks on Trump. From the committee s standpoint, they had to believe that the nightmare of Trump s campaign would have to flounder and die. After a close second in Iowa that surely would have been a win had he attended the debate just before caucus day and a landslide win in New Hampshire, Trump moves on to South Carolina still poised to be the number one contender to take on the Democratic favorite in November.Things have been ruffled between Trump and his pals at the RNC again, however, when people started noticing overwhelming applause for establishment favorite Jeb Bush at debates and little support for Trump at the national level. Could it be that the truce is off? Could it be that the rift between the establishment of the rich and powerful and the rich and powerful candidate has begun to grow again?That seems likely after the spat between them Saturday when the RNC used Trump s name to raise money for the general election war chest and he exploded over it. In an email sent out hours before the South Carolina debate, the RNC asked for donations using Trump s name. The message, asking for between $35 and $250, said: If you put your name on his list of active party supporters, he will proudly see your name next to the amount you chose to donate to the nominee s war chest. The RNC made the mistake of thinking Donald Trump could possibly care about a war chest for the eventual nominee if there s the slightest chance it won t benefit him. His narcissism wouldn t allow a simple fundraiser to move forward. He said in a statement: The RNC does not treat me well and then they use my name, without my knowledge, to raise money for themselves. This totally unauthorized notice is yet another example of deceptive Washington tricks used to take advantage of the voters and get money from the hard-working people the politicians have failed. In other words, how dare you use his name without paying for it? Trump also tweeted to his supporters not to send any cash to the RNC:""Get on Trump's List"" email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay. Email: https://t.co/6hKW7Ssxz4  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 13, 2016Petty little billionaire is petty. The RNC pulled the email from circulation.Featured image from Gage Skidmore",0
8098, Report: GOP Voters Are Too Stupid to Know Jeb And George W. Bush Are Related,"It s no secret that our frenemies on the Right are stupid. After all, conservatism, racism (one of the core GOP  values ), and low IQ go together like rama lamma lamma ka dinga da dinga dong, according to science. But, you know, with a lot less dancing and a bit more drooling.In Iowa, voters had some important questions about the GOP candidates   including  why is Donald Trump so orange,  a question science nor philosophy is likely to answer for decades yet to come.   There is widespread opinion that he either uses tanning beds or a full-body spray to get his bright tangerine finish,  a user on question and answer platform Quora postulated, though Trump is more likely to be found banging his daughter than in a tanning bed.Some wondered if Ted Cruz is from Canada, a query likely stemming from Trump and his fellow Cruz birthers  inane suggestions that Cruz is not eligible to be President.But the dumbest questions were related to Jeb Bush, according to Google. The Washington Post reports:Iowans wondered: Is Jeb Bush related to George W. Bush?   Who are Jeb Bush s parents?   Who is Jeb Bush s father? and Is Jeb Bush George Bush s brother? While no data is available concerning demographics of the folks who asked Almighty Google those ridiculous questions, they likely stem from Republicans  inability to know anything important about candidates they support past their willingness to build multi-billion-dollar walls to keep brown people out of the country, close mosques, and fight tooth-and-nail against women s rights.In any case, that people don t know Jeb and George Bush  are related is nothing short of baffling. Liberals certainly know, as we remember his role in stealing the 2000 election for his brother. This, of course, is something no one would have learned on Fox News. To someone whose primary concern was ensuring that a future war criminal would become President, Jeb Bush was just some guy at the time.Of course, the fact that any Americans don t know even the basics about  Jebra  is probably an indicator that he should join pedophile-worshipping Mike Huckabee and  baby parts  affiche natto Carly Fiorina in dropping out of the presidential race.Featured image via Political Garbage Chute/YouTube",0
8099," Conservative Christians Think Girls Are A Crop, Should Be Married Off As Children (IMAGE)","Likening girls to common crops that should be rushed off to the market as soon as possible is a growing belief among conservative  Christians. If you have heard of the Duggar family you ve likely heard of the Quiverfull movement they belong to, which requires Christians to have as many kids as possible, which is why the Duggars have 19 children.But there is another part of the Quiverfull movement that is even creepier.One Quiverfull ministry not only pushes couples to pop out kids like rabbits, they preach that fathers should farm the girls like crops such as apples and give them over to men as early as possible .In other words, this Christian fundamentalist movement believe in child marriage like the ones Americans often are horrified by when we hear stories of little girls being married off to middle-aged men in the Middle East.Their website is called  Let Them Marry,  and one of the first things you would see is a tree shaped missive comparing little girls to apples that must be picked early by the farmer/father and provided to men who are  in need. Girls are like apples on trees. Their fathers are the farmers, whose job is to care for them. He must protect his apples from pests and disease. He must guard them against thieves who may pick his apples prematurely. Neither those at the top nor those at the bottom can help their location. But, when each reaches peak ripeness, it is the farmer s job to harvest that fruit and give it to whom he will, to those in need. So there is nothing wrong with the apples still on the tree and nothing wrong with the boys who seek them. But it is the farmer s duty to provide for both, in due season. Here s the image via Raw Story.A quote from the group leader, Vaughn Ohlman, makes it clear that this pedophilia comes not from the legalization of same-sex marriage like conservatives constantly claim, but directly from religious fanaticism, which former Quiverfull member Vyckie Garrison describes as a  gross  ideology combined with the Christian purity movement in which  the value of a young woman is in her virginity   a consumable commodity owned by her future husband, kept in trust by Daddy. We believe that not only should most people marry, they should marry in their youth. The Bible speaks of the  wife of thy youth  (Prov. 5:18; Is. 54:6; Mal. 2:14-15) and  children of the youth  (Ps. 127:4). Scripture also speaks of not letting children pass the flower of their age (1 Cor. 7:36)   Leaving the physically mature young man struggling with fornication and leaving the physically mature young woman wallowing in fruitless, barren celibacy these are both unscriptural and ungodly actions.In short, this conservative Christian group is a haven for pedophiles who are trying to use religious liberty to justify their sickening desire to marry and rape little girls.Just another example of the Christian Sharia law conservatives are trying to force down our throats. Featured image from Pixabay",0
8100, What Ted Cruz Said In Church Sounds Like Sharia Law For America (VIDEO),"Presidential candidate Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) visited a South Carolina church on Sunday and in a message broadcast to several other houses of worship, made an argument for a government based on the principles of the religious far right, rather than the American Constitution.Echoing Middle Eastern extremists who believe that the law of God trumps existing laws, Cruz told the crowd what they wanted to hear about where a candidate like himself would take America.Cruz, an avowed evangelical, made his case in front of a packed house of nearly 2,000 churchgoers.His sermon, titled  Faith in Action,  pressed a range of conservative hot buttons, from religious liberty to abortion rights to the Second Amendment.Cruz warned that a  radical   left-wing majority  on the Supreme Court could result in  unlimited abortions on demand across this country   with taxpayer funding and no parental notification. He called the high court s decision to legalize same-sex marriage nationwide  fundamentally illegitimate, lawless, unconstitutional and wrong. Cruz has previously demonstrated that he believes religious faith trumps the law of the land, with his support for rogue clerk Kim Davis in Kentucky. Cruz was among the woman s most vocal supporters as she refused to grant marriage certificates for same-sex couples, even after the Supreme Court had ruled that same-sex marriages were legal in all fifty states and the District of Columbia.Over his campaign, Cruz has tried to appeal to the faction of conservative Republican voters who have a view of the role of government that is similar to Middle Eastern  sharia,  where religious texts and beliefs have more sway than the written rule of law. Cruz found success, when those voters backed him in the Iowa caucus and led to victory for his campaign. He had a setback with New Hampshire s less religious and more independent primary voters, where he finished in third place. Cruz is hoping that more religious extremist voters in South Carolina will allow him to regain the momentum he may have lost.Featured image via YouTube",0
8101, Black GOP Candidate: Party Bosses Told Me ‘You Sound Too Black’,"Former Republican Party chairman and U.S. Senate candidate Michael Steele, who is black, has made some interesting revelations about what it s like to be a black Republican running for office. Steele spoke to The Huffington Post for their series  Candidate Confessional,  where past candidates reveal the inner workings of their campaigns.Steele notes that while he was the party chairman the RNC took back the house in 2010, but a series of controversies ensured that he would not be re-elected to the position, now held by Reince Priebus who remains party chairman even after the RNC lost in a major way against President Obama in 2012. During his time at the RNC, Steele says members of the committee told him  You sound too black. Steele also explains that it was a  problem  for members of the party that his chief of staff was black. I had a black chief of staff and everyone threw a hissy fit, didn t know how to deal with the brother,  Steele said.  I m like,  Dude, he s a political operative like everybody else. He s a chief of staff. Just deal with him.  But that was a problem. In 2006, Steele attempted to run for Senate in Maryland, eventually losing by 10% to now-Senator Ben Cardin. In that run, Steele was picked to be pushed by the party because he was a black candidate in a state with a large black population. But they had problems finding black staffers for his campaign.Steele, for example, said he knew there d be questions about why there weren t any African Americans on his campaign staff. The reason was easy to explain. The [Republican] party s never taken the time to actually groom blacks to be political operatives, to be campaign managers, political directors, communication directors, finance directors,  Steele said.  So when I have to go as a candidate into a statewide campaign, or even if I m running for local sheriff, what pool of talent am I gonna pull from? I m gonna pull from the established talent that has been developed by the white infrastructure, which is largely white males. In the almost post-Obama era, Steele s revelations almost feel quaint. After the post-2012 election that warned the GOP that they need to appeal to minority voters in order to be a viable presidential party, the GOP has gone even more anti-minority, expressed in the campaign of current Republican front runner Donald Trump, who has egged his supporters on to beat up black protesters while himself smearing the  Black Lives Matter  movement. Featured image from Wikimedia Commons",0
8102," Autopsy Report: SF Cops Shot Man 21 Times, Twice In The Head — He Was No Threat","The cops are out of control. They have appointed themselves judge, jury, and executioner in too many cases to count now, and here is yet another. Police in San Francisco executed a 26-year-old black man, Mario Woods, by shooting him twenty-one times. Two of those shots were to his head, according the an autopsy report obtained by local CBS affiliate KRON-4.In this particular case, San Francisco Chief of Police Greg Suhr did the usual, and lied about a dead man s actions in order cover up the fact that his officers used excessive deadly force against Woods, claiming that the suspect lunged at the officers and refused to drop the knife he was supposedly carrying. Woods was being approached because the cops believed that he had stabbed someone. However, video taken by witnesses reveal otherwise. Woods did not lunge at anyone, and he was outnumbered five to one with armed and trained police officers.Thanks to the medical examiner s report and the fact that the bullet casings from all 27 shots that were fired have been found, the cops have been forced to backtrack on their lies. They are now saying that the current narrative appears to corroborate facts gathered by investigators in the aftermath of this tragic incident.  They went on to say: The department is committed to a thorough review of the shooting and this report will be an important component of all three ongoing independent investigations. The shooting is under investigation by the police department itself, as well as two other independent city agencies, the San Francisco District Attorney s Office, and the San Francisco Office of Citizen Complaints. Likely, they hope to be able to investigate themselves and find that they did nothing wrong. Not so fast on this one, though.The Mayor of San Francisco, Ed Lee, has inquired of the Department of Justice and Attorney General Loretta Lynch for a federal investigation into this deadly shooting. The San Francisco Board of Supervisors want an investigation into not only this police shooting, but those of two other black men who were shot and killed by San Francisco cops. That Blue Wall of Silence won t help ya on this one, boys.Mario Woods  mother, Gwendolyn Woods, has also filed a wrongful death suit against the city. Her attorney, John Burris, says of the situation: The fact is he was shot in the back. The significance to me is most of the officers who were shooting were not being threatened at the time they fired those weapons. Of course, the cops and the city are trying to paint Mario Woods in a bad light, saying in their response to Mrs. Woods  lawsuit that her son advanced abruptly toward the officers  and an armed and dangerous suspect in a violent felony. But John Burris isn t buying that, and says that Woods was not a threat to the lives of the officers, despite the fact that the city says that those cops were in the right. But Burris says: You know you can t just use deadly force against someone who is not threatening you. And that is the bottom line. In this case, and so many others, cops use deadly force not because it was warranted, but because they can, and then they get their stories straight and cover it up. That is absolutely despicable, and yet in so many cases they get away with it.Sue the hell out of them, Mrs. Woods. I hope you have their badges, too.Featured image from video screen capture via Filming Cops",0
8103, This List Proves Republicans Are Damned LIARS About Obama’s Replacement For Scalia,"As you may have heard, virtually every Republican in the nation is spewing over the fact that America will be destroyed if Obama replaces Antonin Scalia on the U.S. Supreme Court. Their excuse to block any nominee until after the next election is what s known as the  Thurmond Rule.  Named after the amazingly racist Strom Thurmond, this isn t a real rule. It s only an opinion that a president shouldn t nominate a SCOTUS replacement in the last 6 months of their term.Yes, you are correct in what you just thought. Obama isn t ANYWHERE NEAR his last 6 months. But, when have things like facts stopped Republicans before?The reeking hypocrisy of Republicans on this issue is amazing. Not only is the  rule  they are using not an actual rule, but it doesn t even fit the facts of the situation. But wait, it gets far better. Republicans have said that for the past 80 years, we have not had SCOTUS appointments during the end of a president s term. Let s fact check that, shall we?Frank Murphy (1940) and Anthony Kennedy (1988), have   in the last 80 years   been appointed during the last year of a presidential term. There are 14 final year appointments total in the history of the United States, so to say it s some kind of  rule  is blatantly stupid.The full list is as follows: Oliver Ellsworth, 1796   Samuel Chase, 1796   William Johnson, 1804   Philip Barbour, 1836   Roger Taney, 1836   Melville Fuller, 1888   Lucius Lamar,   1888 George Shiras, 1892   Mahlon Pitney, 1912   John Clarke, 1916   Louis Brandeis, 1916   Benjamin Cardozo, 1932   Frank Murphy, 1940 and Anthony Kennedy, 1988.For now, let s focus on Anthony Kennedy. Kennedy was appointed during the last year of Ronald Reagan s term. Here is where Republican hypocrisy really goes wild.Mitch McConnell could be considered the head Republican cheerleader for the effort to block any nominee that Obama makes to replace Scalia. McConnell cited this rule, talking all about how it should be up to the American people to vote for a president who will make a nominee   giving the people a  voice  in the decision. How did Mitch McConnell vote on Anthony Kennedy? McConnell voted to confirm Anthony Kennedy, along with practically every other Republican on the list at that point. Where was his outrage back then?Senator Chuck Grassley made a huge stink out of voting in a replacement SCOTUS judge as well, saying it was standard practice  to not confirm SCOTUS nominee in an election year. You already guessed it. Grassley voted for Anthony Kennedy as well. Why did he do this when it wasn t standard practice, as he said?This ultra-stupid phenomenon is not only limited to old-school senators. Marco Rubio was asked both during the recent debate and by Chuck Todd this same question about a SCOTUS appointment. It was pointed out to him that Reagan appointed Kennedy in 87 during his last year. Marco responded: It doesn t really matter what Reagan did back in  87. I think the president should allow the next president to appoint the justice to the Supreme Court, and if it s me   and I anticipate that it will be   I m going to look for someone in the mold of Justice Scalia, who while irreplaceable, I think is a model jurist and one of the great jurists in American history. Source: Crooks and LiarsMarco really is being the most honest out of everyone.  It doesn t matter what Republicans do.  Frank, to the point and honest. Republicans don t care about rules or precedent. They just want to have a chance to stack the Supreme Court so they can destroy the last bits of America that are available to everyone, regardless of class.Featured image from Youtube",0
8104, Conservatives Will HATE What Donald Trump Just Said About Planned Parenthood (VIDEO),"Donald Trump isn t exactly a stranger to making large groups of people angry   women, African-Americans, Hispanics, Muslims, and mainstream Republicans all despise The Donald. One group, however, has always strongly supported him   the Stupid Part of America   and he s about to lose them, too. Trump s popularity with conservatives has soared since he began screaming about a god he will never actually understand, baby parts, and other favorite talking points of theirs   but his recent remarks about Planned Parenthood may lose him a lot of support among the segment of the population who are dumb enough to fall for heavily-edited propaganda videos.At the insanely heated GOP debate, Ted Cruz managed to trick The Donald into defending Planned Parenthood. During one of the screaming matches between Trump and Cruz that have become rather commonplace, the Texas Senator accused the billionaire of supporting federal funding of Planned Parenthood. Eventually, he managed to goad Trump into supporting Planned Parenthood, though The Donald still spoke out against abortion. But let me say more blunt Donald you notice didn t agree with the substance that he supports taxpayer funding for Planned Parenthood and Donald has this weird pattern, when you point to his own record he screams  Liar! Liar! Liar! ,  Cruz said, pointing out that Trump has, in the past, said Planned Parenthood does  wonderful things.  Trump replied: It does do wonderful things, but not as it relates to abortion. There are wonderful things having to do with women s health, but not when it comes to abortion. Planned Parenthood absolutely does do wonderful things. But unlike Trump s assertion, those wonderful things include giving women access to a safe, sanitary abortion if they choose to have one. Planned Parenthood also provides numerous irreplaceable services to women that have nothing at all to do with abortion, as well as informs women of alternatives to terminating a pregnancy   like adoption. In fact, only three percent of the organization s services are abortion-related.Unfortunately for Trump, this moment of honesty about Planned Parenthood will haunt him right up until election day   because conservatives simply don t care about women.Watch the exchange below:Featured image via screengrab",0
8105," Alex Jones POSITIVE Obama Killed Scalia, And You’ll Never Believe Who He Thinks Is Next (VIDEO)","There s crazy and then there s nonsensical, conspiratorial, out of your head, paranoid with a tinfoil hat on your head, curled in the fetal position in your mom s basement crazy. The latter would be radio talk show host Alex Jones.Not only does he believe that President Obama somehow secretly had Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia killed, a man who was 79-years-old and a known smoker and we know died of natural causes, but now he believes that the president has plans for other people as well. You know, so Obama can finally unleash his true intentions for the nation. After all, he still hasn t come for anyone s guns or forced us all to be Muslim  yet.Jones declared in a morbid Facebook post,  this is the season of treason, this is the time of betrayal and we would be fools not to ask the question.  Which clearly begs the question, who is allowing Alex Jones to have any sort of internet privileges? He s more than lost his mind, he s replaced it with a new bag of nuts.However, he goes on: You just get used to this,  Scalia found, it s natural, nothing going on here, he just died naturally. And you re like,  Whoa. Red flag.  Then you realize, Obama is one vote away from being able to ban guns, open the borders and actually have the court engage in its agenda and now Scalia dies. I mean, this is hard core I wonder if Clarence Thomas will die of a heart attack next week. If this is an assassination, it signifies that they re dropping the hammer, that s the canary in the coal mine. Wait! There s more! Are they going to kill Clarence Thomas? Maybe they ll kill Ron Paul. Maybe they ll kill Donald Trump next. They all had heart attacks. How many more of these are we going to sit here and put up with? Or maybe their airplane blows up. Someone needs to tell this guy to relax. However, he adds: My gut tells me they killed him and all the intellectual evidence lays it out. The only thing his gut indicates is that he s had one too many cheeseburgers.He then goes on to insist that Republicans need to block anyone Obama nominates, because if they don t liberals are going to destroy the Constitution and start a civil war. He literally believes Obama is coming after everyone.Jones has said a lot of crazy things in his career, but this may take the cake. // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Breaking: Justice Scalia Murdered?Posted by Alex Jones on Saturday, February 13, 2016Featured image: screencap",0
8106," KY Gov. Matt Bevin Slashes Funding For Ethics Investigations, Elections Oversight","Kentucky governor Matt Bevin recently introduced a budget proposal that will virtually eliminate the agency designed to investigate corruption in his own office.Bevin s budget includes deep cuts to the state s Executive Branch Ethics Commission. The agency, which was created in the 1990 s, was formed in response to an FBI investigation which led to the indictments of almost two-dozen members of the state legislature.According to Katie Gabhart, the executive director of the Executive Branch Ethics Commission, the budget cuts will essentially hamstring the agency. We will be an investigative and auditing agency with no investigator and auditor,  Gabhart told state lawmakers, who are deliberating on the budget proposal this week .  Public servants are going to violate the ethics code   and if they know we have an ethics commission with so few resources that we can t enforce the code, then what is the point of having one? Also included in the proposed budget cuts is funding for the state s Registry of Election Finance.As the name of the agency implies, the office is charged with monitoring political campaigns and enforcing campaign finance laws in Kentucky.John Steffen, Executive Director of the Registry of Election Finance, told lawmakers that the governor s proposed budget cuts would leave the office without the ability to hire an auditor.State lawmakers responded by suggesting that the law could be changed so that some candidates would not be required to file campaign disclosures.In response, Steffen said I don t know what statutory obligations can be changed and not render our entire agency meaningless. Bevin was elected governor of Kentucky in November of 2015, amid accusations of election rigging. Bevin holds the distinction of being one of only three non-democratic governors to hold office in Kentucky since WWII.Prior to assuming the position of governor, Bevin was best known for delivering a political speech at a cockfighting rally in 2014, before losing an embarrassing senate race to Mitch McConnell.He later gained national attention when he praised Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, after she refused to provide marriage licenses to LGBT couples.It should come as no surprise that Bevin s budget seeks to slash the very agency which was created to investigate ethics violations committed in his own office.We saw the same thing from former Texas governor Rick Perry, another politicians with close ties to the Koch-backed Tea Party, in 2013.Nor should it be any surprise that the budget would virtually eliminate campaign finance oversight.The cuts are clearly designed to give corrupt Tea Party politicians like himself free reign in the state, without fear of political or legal repercussions.Image credit: Gage Skidmore, via Flckr ",0
8107, Report: Scalia’s Death Was As Natural As The Love Between Two Men,"Conservatives have been floating the ridiculous theory that Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia was murdered. Somehow, they are unable to comprehend how an obese 79-year-old smoker with a history of heart problems could possibly die after a day of hunting, partying, and gorging on food   and their irrational hatred of Barack Obama has instead led them to believe that the President had Scalia murdered.In an email to Addicting Info, one conservative summed up the paranoia quite nicely:Let s look at facts. Two to three cases before the Supreme Court involved Obama or an Obama agency such as the DOJ. Scalia was the most conservative Justice on the Court and would have been that fifth vote to say what Obama did was unconstitutional therefore Scalia gone he puts a liberal justice nomination with the hope either the Senate confirms now or Democrats take over the Senate next year (which is expected).Presidents throughout our history have been known to use the CIA to commit assassinations. In the 1970s the CIA showed Congress a gun that shot a frozen dart inside a person and melted poison causing a heart attack. With the new technology we have I think they can do better than a 9mm gun. Comparing to what happen in Russia. Putin had an ex kgb agent killed in a similar way. The ex kgb agent was with a group of  friends  then suddenly felt ill after talking with someone. It was ruled natural causes. Then a UK court recently said he was possibly murdered.Here s another problem. The DOJ is not allowing Texas authorities to investigate. With the DOJ being a party to a case and yes Texas being a party against them to a case, the DOJ would have incentive to cover it up.So yes the theory is not so far fetched.ThanksFranklin StrumAfter we mocked him a bit, Sturm pointed out that:Presidents have throughout history used the CIA to commit political assassinations. And the technology that I mentioned is on unclassified record the CIA had in the 1970s, technology is better now. Even liberals don t trust the CIA. As for Obama himself he had everything to gain from Scalia s death. Nothing would stop him from ordering an assassination as nothing stopped Presidents prior.This, of course, is just one of the many, many theories surrounding how and why President Obama had the elderly man killed, but conservatives like Mr. Sturm will undoubtedly be relieved to know that Scalia actually died of natural causes. USA Today reports that the official cause of death is, indeed, a myocardial infarction   also known as a simple heart attack.Texas Judge Cinderela Guevara says she was called by a county sheriff Saturday because the two justices of the peace were out of town: As part of my investigation, one of the things I did ask the sheriff and the U.S. Marshal:  Were there any signs of foul play?  And they said,  Absolutely not.  At that time I still wanted to be careful, and asked them if (Scalia s) physician would call me. The justice s personal doctor called her at 8 p.m. Saturday night. She said the physician told her that Scalia had a shoulder problem last week and underwent an MRI. Scalia also suffered several chronic ailments, Guevara said. I felt comfortable what I knew was going on with him physically,  she said.That s right   no poison ice darts, no ninja gerbils, no death rays, or any of the other imbecilic ideas conservatives have had since Scalia was found dead in his bed Saturday morning. A simple heart attack.Conservatives have been defiantly refusing to confirm anyone President Obama nominates  but the President has vowed to get a nomination through, no matter what they say. While this is, alongside being part of their continuing effort to stand in Obama s way on every single issue, an effort to show support for the deceased Justice, conservatives are going against Scalia s wishes in refusing all nominees until they can (they hope) get a Republican in office.Scalia, for all his many, many, many, many faults, completely disagreed with politicizing Supreme Court nominations while he was alive   something the Right will ignore in their continuing war on Obama and sanity.Featured image via NY Times",0
8108, PROOF Republicans Claiming Obama Shouldn’t Pick Supreme Court Justice Are Hypocrites (QUOTES),"It really seems as if Republicans don t think the things they say and do are recorded. It s as though they only live in the moment and history ceases to exist. Because if they realize the things they say and do are recorded they would know that we could throw what they ve said and done back in their faces, like with what is about to happen.You see, Republicans are hellbent in making sure President Obama doesn t nominate anyone to become the next Supreme Court Justice of the United States after the passing of Justice Antonin Scalia. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell even went so far as to say,  The American people  should have a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court Justice. Therefore, this vacancy should not be filled until we have a new president.  And don t forget Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley insisting we wait until next year to fill the vacant seat. He said: The fact of the matter is that it s been standard practice over the last nearly 80 years that Supreme Court nominees are not nominated and confirmed during a presidential election year. Given the huge divide in the country, and the fact that this president, above all others, has made no bones about his goal to use the courts to circumvent Congress and push through his own agenda, it only makes sense that we defer to the American people who will elect a new president to select the next Supreme Court justice. However, what both these Republicans fail to realize, alongside all the other conservatives and conservative pundits who share this opinion, is that it is the president s constitutional duty to nominate a new Justice so that order and balance is held within all three branches of government. It is also not their place to say that he can t. Truth is, they don t want him to, because they re terrified of who he might pick to replace the ultra-conservative Scalia.Here s the thing about history, though   it will come back to bite you when you least expect it, and prove that you may, in fact, be a huge hypocrite. Here are some quotes from back when former President George W. Bush was trying to get a vote on his nominees. And you may recognize a couple of the names: Because of the unprecedented obstruction of our Democratic colleagues, the Republican conference intends to restore the principle that, regardless of party, any President s judicial nominees, after full debate, deserve a simple up -or -down vote.    Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) (5/19/05) I hope that by the end of this session of Congress, my colleagues will give the President s qualified nominees what they, and all current and future nominees deserve: the opportunity to have a fair up-or-down vote on the floor of the Senate on their nomination. For the sake of the Senate, the nation, and our independent judiciary, I hope that these partisans will not launch more filibusters, but from what I ve heard today, I won t hold my breath.    Sen. John Cornyn (R-TX) (3/26/04) The bottom line has to be that the president has the right to get a vote, an up-or-down vote, on his nominees.    Sen. John Cornyn (R-TX) (11/10/04) Let s debate the nominees and give our advice and consent. It is a simple  yea  or  nay,  when called to the altar to vote. Filibustering a nominee into oblivion is misguided warfare and the wrong way for a minority party to leverage influence in the Senate. Threatening to grind legislative activity to a standstill if they do not get their way is like being a bully on the school yard playground. Let s do our jobs. Nothing is nuclear about asking the full Senate to take an up-or-down vote on judicial nominees. It is the way the Senate has operated for 214 years.    Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA) (5/23/05) But denying these patriotic Americans, of both parties, who seek to serve this country an up-or-down vote is simply not fair, and it certainly was not the intention of our Founding Fathers when they designed and created this very institution.    Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC) (4/20/05) Every nominee deserves a prompt up-or-down vote on the Senate floor.   Dick Cheney (5/10/04)And if this truly how all these men felt at the moment, then they should still feel that way now. They should abide by the constitution, allowing President Obama to make his picks, as well as give him an up-or-down vote on who he decides would be the best fit. Only reasonable, right? You know, since it s their idea.Featured image: Flickr",0
8109, CNN Just Said The Dumbest Thing About President Obama And The Internet Is Letting Them Have It,"It was appalling but not exactly surprising to see the way Republicans responded to the sudden death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. The party that has increasingly defined itself solely on its opposition to President Obama once again immediately declared that they would not allow him to fulfill his constitutional obligations of appointing a new Justice.Obama, no doubt tired of this obstructionism after seven long years of it, basically told them to shove it. He would be nominating a justice whether they liked it or not.However, in the coverage of this potentially era-defining new appointment, CNN managed to stick its foot so far into its mouth that it s a wonder they didn t just cut to commercial and never come back.Dana Bash was discussing the Republican opposition to a new nominee appointed by President Obama and in her rush to be  fair  to  both sides,  she wound up feeding right into the right-wing talking points that serious journalists might scoff at. When asked about President Obama s decision to go ahead with a nomination, Bash remarked:That s right. And as we were talking about last hour, that is not surprising in the least, since he clearly feels that it is his constitutional duty to do so. That he is the President of the United States. It is his job to nominate somebody.He  clearly feels  it s his constitutional duty? What? It is his constitutional duty to appoint new justices. That s put in simple terms in Constitution itself. Saying this is Obama s opinion is disingenuous. But Bash was only just warming up:He still will be technically the president of the United States for the next 11 months, which is a very, very long time. Yes, we are in an election year, but we are barely into this election year of 2016. So you have Republicans coming back, not just Mitch McConnell who you just mentioned, but the Republican chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee saying that he believes that it is standard practice to not deal with such issues in an election year. Technically  he will be president of the United States. Technically. You might want to tell that to the people who voted for him for a full four year term.Needless to say, the internet was not pleased. CNN may have wanted to avoid offending conservatives, but they managed to offend nearly everyone else. He still will be technically the pres. of the US for another 11 months.    CNN. Technically?  John Aravosis (@aravosis) February 14, 2016I'll accept this definition if CNN's talking heads state that they're ""technically"" reporters. https://t.co/piXBmK9ATS  Ferrett Steinmetz (@ferretthimself) February 14, 2016Did CNN actually say Technically President? Did they really? https://t.co/uEnXN74OSU  Anthony (@ThatWeirdGuy77) February 14, 2016Hey @CNN he's not TECHNICALLY the President, he's ACTUALLY the President. Stop parroting right wing stupidity.  Ben Cisco (@BenCisco) February 14, 2016The issue wasn t just a slip of the tongue, it was that CNN was pretending that the Republican beef with Obama s nomination had to do with anything other than political point scoring. For many years, the policy of mainstream media outlets has been to tread lightly on partisan issues to avoid alienating viewers. This might help keep ratings up, but it s not a way to accurately report the news. There are times when things are just WRONG.In the case of Republicans now saying Obama can t appoint a justice because it is an election year, history and the law say otherwise. It s time for reporters to own that.By contrast, debate moderator John Dickerson stood up to Sen. Ted Cruz when he tried to flat-out lie about Supreme Court appointments. Asked to back up his claims with facts, Cruz was left speechless, the Republican audience booed Dickerson, but the American people were informed. It was a highlight of the election.Feature image via YouTube",0
8110," WATCH: Fox Attacks Sanders, Says Rich Kids Deserve Free College Because ‘Their Parents Worked Hard’","Fox News continues to outdo itself for its incompetent so-called journalism. A Fox News host said that Bernie Sanders is basically a communist for wanting free college tuition for young Americans. While the host has no clue to what a communist is, what the host said about millions of Americans was the true insult.In a startling display of disdain for middle and lower-income Americans, Fox host Gretchen Carlson said that if rich kids get to go to school on their parents  dime, then it s because  their parents worked incredibly hard : Where he said, you know, poor people should be able to go to college free, like rich kids. Free?  If that s actually true, quite possibly their parents worked incredibly hard to be able to pay for them, the full ride to go to college! What her silly statement implies is that parents of kids who can t afford to send them to college without assistance means that they are not hard workers. The shear arrogance is striking. How much money a person makes is not indicative of whether he/she works hard! The shear stupidity coupled with arrogance is very disturbing. It s puzzling how such people can have a platform on television.The host also went on to demean younger generations for supporting Bernie Sanders. Alarmed by the overwhelming support Sanders has received from young voters, Carlson dismisses them as lacking an understanding in what she believed were Sanders  communist policies. She said:  We have fought wars! Men and women have died in this country to fight against communism and many of these same principles, quite honestly   Katherine, I mean, it s astounding. The more these people continue to spew such nonsense, the more obvious it is why Sanders has enormous popular appeal to Americans. It s time to give the American Dream back to everyone and not a select few.Watch Here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8DKt6MhUGo]Featured Image via Screen Capture",0
8111, The Top Ten Reasons We NEED A Liberal Supreme Court,"One way or another, the passing of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia will change the course of American history.Scalia s death leaves the court with eight justices, four liberal and four conservative.The next justice appointment has the potential to determine the nature of the court for years to come. While a liberal justice will tip the balance in favor of progressive and liberal ideas, a conservative justice, like Scalia or worse, will tip the balance in the opposite direction.As we ve seen in recent years, decisions made the Supreme Court impact the lives of American citizens in critical ways.While there are an infinite number of reasons that we need a liberal court, here are the top ten issues most likely to be impacted by a change in the political balance of the court in the near future1. LaborLabor unions and the rights of American workers are facing constant attacks, both from billion-dollar corporations and the right-wing state politicians who represent their interests.In the immediate future, a liberal court could influence the outcome of Friedrichs v. California Teachers Association, a case which has the potential to cripple organized labor in the U.S.The was argued before the Supreme Court in January, 2016, but a ruling has not been handed down by the court. In the case that the court s ruling was a 5-4 decision, the case will have to be heard again, once a replacement for Scalia has been appointed.2. Separation of Church and StateOn Tuesday, February 9, Rabbi Adele Plotkin was removed from a meeting of the Chino Valley, Arizona City Council. His crime? Protesting the council s on-going prayers in the name of Jesus.In defense of their actions, the council cited the Supreme Court s ruling in Greece v Galloway. In December 2013, the court ruled 5-4 that government officials in the town of Greece, New York, did not violate the Establishment Clause by opening meetings with Christian prayers.In May of 2014, the justices reversed their opinion in the case, even as many arguments remained unsettled.To understand just how  not settled  the case actually is, here s the overview from the 2014 case update:Judgment: Reversed, 5-4, in an opinion by Justice Kennedy on May 5, 2014. Justice Scalia and Justice Thomas join the majority opinion except as to Part II-B. Justice Alito filed a concurring opinion, in which Justice Scalia joined. Justice Thomas filed an opinion concurring in part and concurring in the judgment, in which Justice Scalia joined as to Part II. Justice Breyer filed a dissenting opinion. Justice Kagan filed a dissenting opinion, in which Justice Ginsburg, Justice Breyer, and Justice Sotomayor joined.This case is just one of many with the potential to erode or destroy the Establishment Clause, which prevents public resources from being used to promote religious doctrine, and protects all Americans from being forced to accept the religious beliefs of whoever happens to be running their local, state or federal government on any given day.3. LGBT DiscriminationOn June 26, 2015, the Supreme Court issued its historical ruling in Obergefell v. Hodges, otherwise known as the  gay marriage decision. Since that decision, right-wing nuts across America have attempted to enshrine discrimination against the LGBT community into local, state and even federal law.Under the guise of religious freedom, conservatives have attempted to get away with everything from refusing service to gay couples to firing LGBT employees in the name of Jesus.As we ve seen in recent years, there s no end to right-wing creativity, when it comes to anti-gay discrimination. Whether they re trying to ban sodomy and oral sex or illegally refusing to sign marriage licenses, LGBT rights remain under attack all across the country.A liberal Supreme Court is of monumental importance in protecting the LGBT community from religious bigotry and anti-gay bias.4. Money in PoliticsA liberal court could open the door to restoring the integrity of U.S. elections.The disastrous Supreme Court ruling in the 2010 Citizens United Case has allowed unlimited amounts of corporate money to flow into our political system.In a 5-4 decision, the conservative court ruled that money is a form of speech. Under the pretense, the court found that limiting the amount of money flowing through the political system equates to suppression of speech on the part of the government.While the American public overwhelmingly disapproved of the court s decision in the Citizens United case, as long as the court maintains a conservative bias, there s little chance that the ruling will be overturned.There is plenty of room to challenge the decision with a liberal leaning court.5. Women s RightsThe rise of the Tea Party in America has brought with it an unprecedented number of attacks of women s rights.From state-enforced vaginal ultrasounds to disturbing attempts to exclude pregnant women from healthcare coverage under the Affordable Care Act, the right wing war on women threatens the health and well being of more than 50 percent of the American population.At stake in America is every woman s right to life, along with her right to self-determination and body autonomy. As the right wing continues to try to give more rights to a zygote than the woman whose body it inhabits, a liberal court is a critical last line of defense against these attacks.6. EnvironmentLess than a week ago, a 5-4 ruling by the Supreme Court temporarily blocked President Obama s climate change regulations from taking effect.As the New York Times reported on February 9,The 5-to-4 vote, with the court s four liberal members dissenting, was unprecedented   the Supreme Court had never before granted a request to halt a regulation before review by a federal appeals court.At stake here is much more than whether or not the president s efforts to reduce carbon emissions will become a reality.The case, brought by representatives of the fossil fuel industry, challenges the Environmental Protection Agency s right to create and enforce environmental regulations at all.7. HealthcareAfter years of legislative and legal battles over the Affordable Care Act, the Supreme Court finally upheld the Constitutionality of President Obama s signature healthcare law in 2012.But this decision has not stopped right-wing fanatics from attacking various parts of the law, bringing case after case to the Supreme Court, in an attempt to undermine the court s original decision.As recently as January, 2016, the court refused to hear another challenge to the law. The challenge was filed by an artist who said that being forced to pay for healthcare violates his rights. He was joined by Sens. John Cornyn (Texas) and Mike Lee (Utah), and right-wing nut Ted Cruz wrote an absurd amicus brief in support of the case.While a more liberal-leaning court will likely dissuade further attempts to overturn the law, the opposite would be true if Scalia were somehow replaced with a right-wing extremist.8. Voting RightsIn June of 2013, a 5-4 decision of the Supreme Court struck down the most important provisions of the Voting Rights Act.What s more, in a string of cases brought before the court in 2014, the conservative majority consistently ruled in favor of those who sought to restrict voting rights, rather than expand them.Rulings made it possible for states to introduce voter ID laws, although it s long been established that such laws negatively impact people of color. The same justices ruled in favor of allowing states to restrict early voting and restrict voter access to the polls.A liberal leaning court is vital to protecting and restoring the right of every citizen to participate in elections.9. ImmigrationIn January, the Supreme Court agreed to hear a challenge to President Obama s executive actions on immigration.As the New York Times reports here, when agreeing to hear the case,The justices raised the possibility of a broad decision by taking the unusual step of adding their own question to the case, asking the parties to address whether Mr. Obama had violated his constitutional obligations to enforce the nation s laws. The answer to that question could significantly alter the scope of presidential power in realms far beyond immigration.Confident that the court s conservative majority would find cause to rule against the Constitutional authority of a liberal, Black president, the five right-leaning justices had clearly planned to take the lead in the case.The outcome of the case is likely to be entirely different, however, with a liberal-leaning majority.10. PoliceThe Supreme Court is regularly charged with the duty of defining what police can and cannot do under the Constitution.The five justices that made up the court s conservative majority have given police more and more leeway.For example, in June of 2015, the court expanded the rights of law enforcement officers to perform warrantless searches.Prior to that, the court ruled that a police officer cannot be held liable for violating a citizen s rights, as long as the officer claims he didn t know law.The court also granted immunity to police officers who shot a mentally ill woman inside a healthcare facility.While it s questionable that the addition of a liberal justice would influence the outcome of cases involving law enforcement, it certainly can t make the situation worse. Unfortunately, even some of the supposedly liberal justices currently on the court have sided with conservatives, helping to expand the rights of police, which necessarily means narrowing the rights of ordinary citizens.As stated earlier, these issues are by no means the only ones that will likely be impacted a shift in the political leanings of the court.President Obama has vowed to appoint a replacement for Justice Scalia, in spite of threats of obstruction from the republicans in Congress.Given that many of the policies that the president has fought for over the past eight years hang in the balance, there s little doubt that he will find a way to ensure that a liberal justice is appointed in Scalia s stead.Image credit: wikimedia commons",0
8112, A Mole In The White House Just Revealed Obama’s SCOTUS Pick – Even The GOP Can’t Deny It (IMAGE),"Robert Reich, the former Secretary of Labor under Bill Clinton, and a very reputable source at that, just came forward and announced there is a mole in the White House. And, that mole has information concerning President Obama s selection of the next Supreme Court Justice of The United States (SCOTUS).As you may know by now, Republicans are hell-bent on doing anything and everything they can to block Obama s right to nominate the next SCOTUS, no matter who he picks. Well, that s going to be a problem because this pick is absolutely perfect.Why do we say that? For one, Republicans unanimously nominated him just three years ago (97-0) to serve on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. Yes, you read that right, 97-0. How on earth could the Republicans deny him now? If you re familiar with the selection, you d know I m talking about Judge Sri Srinivasan. He s Asian-American and Indian-American, and would be the first minority from both groups to hold the honor if nominated.But, his minority status is not the only reason he s an excellent choice for Democrats. He d be almost impossible for the GOP to deny. But, don t plan on them not trying. I mean, they just don t care who Obama nominates, plain and simple. This is an election year, and they ll fight him at all costs.Still, his record is hard to deny. Obama has called him  a trailblazer who personifies the best of America.  He s worked in the Justice Department under George W. Bush for five years, and twelve former Solicitors General, including Republicans, have endorsed his prior nomination despite his arguing against conservative causes like the Defense of Marriage Act. He didn t think it was constitutional given the fact that it placed limits on same-sex couples.Pic via Facebook.While the pick is far from finalized, you can be sure to take this pick to the bank. Don t expect President Obama to twiddle his thumbs for too long on this one. He s ready for a fight, and will pick the best nominee, without a doubt.But, just in case you re curious, a few other unofficial names are floating around that would be great nominees as well, and are rumored to be on Obama s short-list.Patricia Ann MillettShe also hails from the influential D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals and the Senate confirmed her back in 2013 by a vote of 56-38. Not nearly as impressive as Judge Srinivasan s unanimous selection, but still a contender given her background. She s 50 and has a background working in both the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations.Here s why she would be a wise choice: There s only one other woman that has ever argued more cases before the Supreme Court (32 in all) than her. Impressive, indeed.Loretta LynchShe s the Attorney General of The United States. She s only been in the position since April 2015, not very long. While we don t believe Obama will pick her, it d be impossible not to have her name mentioned.In the short time that she s been Attorney General, she s already filed a discrimination lawsuit against the city of Ferguson and indicted nine FIFA executives for their match-fixing scandal. If Obama picks a woman, it will be the third woman in a row nominated to the court.Paul WatfordSome people are saying this is the most likely selection to replace Antonin Scalia, but then again, they don t have a mole in the White House like Robert Reich does.Watford is an African-American and confirmed to the Ninth Circuit in 2012. He used to clerk for a conservative judge Alex Kozinski, and he s considered to be a moderate. He s also in his 40 s, which would make him a long standing member of the court if selected.Again, though, we stress that none of these nominees were unanimously selected like Judge Srinivasan. Expect Obama to go forward with the selection after his administration can gather up enough information on Republican s opposition to him. Hey, that s what moles are good for.Featured image via White House",0
8113," Watch Out, Clarence Thomas: Petition Asks President Obama To Nominate Anita Hill For SCOTUS","Conservatives would be so pissed if this actually happened.In what would perhaps be the most entertaining Supreme Court nominating process in American history, a petition is circulating asking President Obama to nominate Anita Hill to replace recently deceased Justice Antonin Scalia on the bench.Hill is most remembered for her courageous testimony against current Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas during his confirmation hearings in 1991. Hill testified that Thomas made unwanted sexual advances toward her during his stint as supervisor at the Department of Education. Despite her passing a lie detector test while he refused to take one, the Senate still confirmed Thomas 52-48 in the narrowest margin since the 1800s after other women were denied the chance to testify in support of Hill.Thomas and his conservative supporters, of course, demonized Hill, accusing her of being used by white liberals to cut down an  uppity black  with a  high-tech lynching. But while Hill may seem to be a controversial choice to fill Scalia s seat on the high court, it s not out of the realm of possibility, nor does she lack the qualifications.Hill is an experienced attorney who also serves as University Professor of Social Policy, Law, and Women s Studies at Brandeis University. The 59-year-old attended Oklahoma State University and Yale Law School. She is one of the most prominent experts in her field and certainly possesses the legal and academic chops to serve on the Supreme Court.Furthermore, there has never been an African-American woman on the Court, which makes this an opportunity to make history with a much needed change. What better way to replace a racist misogynist like Scalia than with an educated black woman who specializes in social policy?Not only that, just imagine how uncomfortable her nomination would make Clarence Thomas feel. He d probably be sweating bullets while watching and hoping the nomination process eliminates her as the nominee. And it would be incredibly hard for conservatives to grill her without reminding the American public of how big of creep Thomas is. And if Republicans are too hard on her, they can be the ones accused of a  high-tech lynching  of an  uppity black  woman as they let their sexism and racism fly during hearings that would would likely be nationally televised and strewn across social media.And even if Hill fails to be confirmed, it would make Republicans look like the terrible lawmakers and human beings that they are, all while embarrassing the hell out of Thomas, who may even end up feeling too exposed to remain on the Court. And if she does get confirmed, he might resign anyway or at the very least be forced to watch as the woman he harassed and humiliated over 20 years ago puts on the same black robe to help the American people in a way he has refused to do throughout his own tenure. She could end up being the social justice crusader women and minorities have hoped for and become more revered than Scalia and Thomas could ever hope to be.As the petition says,  Now THAT S Justice! Featured image from Wikimedia",0
8114, INSANE Bundy Supporter: Conservatives Ready To ‘Lynch Obama Publicly’ (VIDEO),"Ever since the end of the ridiculous exercise in futility and extremism that was the armed occupation of a federal bird sanctuary in Oregon, conservatives have been screaming from the rooftops that the evil federal government is persecuting patriots. Sure, the militants repeatedly declared war on the federal government. Sure, they were establishing a colony of armed and dangerous insurgents, many of whom couldn t legally own guns in the first place. Sure, they were surrounding themselves with children they intended to use as human shields. Sure, they resisted demands from locals that they leave and spent most of their time begging for free stuff and disturbing historical artifacts.This anti-government effort cost one person   a violent and dangerous individual whose foster children (or, as he called them, his primary source of sweet, sweet dollar signs) were taken from him after he abandoned them to join the Revolution   his life. Dozens of the terrorists are now facing upwards of a decade in prison, including the original Welfare Cowboy, Cliven Bundy, who attempted to join the occupation after most insurgents had turned tail and fled.A message from  darmour88  to the  Harney county, oregon (burns) intel channel of messaging app Zello reveals that conservatives have more in mind than simply hanging out with a bunch of ducks   they want to  lynch  the President:Like, I woke up this morning I woke up and went down to the coffee shop and sat around with a bunch of old ranchers and a bunch of people from the area this morning and had some discussions with them and all I can say is they re all ready to march into that White House and take that son of a bitch and lynch him publicly. And that s a matter of fact.The message seems to be from a man by the name of Dustin Armour, who uses the same username and photo on Facebook as the Zello account from which the message originated. Armour loves his Confederate flag, hate  blacks,  and proudly supports domestic terrorist LaVoy Finicum, who was shot by federal agents after he attempted to pull a gun on them.    According to his OKCupid profile, Armour has no problem with  someone who has vocalized a strong negative bias toward a certain race of people,  he has no problem with racist jokes, and he is an  all around redneck  who loves  a good horror movie and some snacks    the latter bit, of course, being something that would make him quite popular with the Oregon terrorists, who also love snacks. Posts to right-wing extremist groups reveal that Armour also believes the government controls the weather:Conservatives are crazy   especially the ones who are stupid enough to support armed terrorists. But to suggest that the President should be  lynched  is an unfortunate position for them to take, no matter what their political leanings.Listen to the clip below:Featured image via screengrab",0
8115, Republicans May Force Democrats To Use THIS Extreme Tactic To Appoint Obama Nominee,"The GOP has obstructed President Obama at every turn since he set foot in the Oval Office. They hate the man with a passion, and will stop at nothing   including the destruction of the country   in order to ensure anything Obama might do fails. That fact is why it comes as no surprise that, in the wake of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia s death, the GOP is busily and openly vowing to make sure no Obama appointee gets onto the court.The thing is, though, it is entirely possible for the Republicans to have their way on this one. The nominee would have to be confirmed by the Senate, which is controlled by the GOP. Therefore, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell can delay the confirmation until President Obama is out of office. Hell, he can delay as along he likes, actually, as long as the GOP controls the Senate. Ted Cruz, for his part, has vowed to block anyone Obama might put up for the position, and he is sure to have the full backing of his fellow Republican Senators.There is a catch here, though, for the Democrats. Senator Chuck Schumer, who is set to succeed Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid in 2017, is furious with Cruz and McConnell for their plans of blatant obstruction, and he said so on live television Sunday morning. That s not all, either. If Schumer wants, he can go ahead and remove the option of filibusters for presidential appointments to the Supreme Court. Filibusters have already been removed as an option for other appointments made by sitting presidents, but not for SCOTUS appointments. This would be disastrous for the GOP, because it means they would be powerless to stop any appointments made to the court by the next (Hopefully Democratic) president.Think about that   people stay on the Supreme Court for decades, literally. If Schumer does this, the GOP is doomed for at least two generations. Now, this tactic is extreme. Democrats are not extremists, and we don t like to threaten our right-wing counterparts. However, they are forcing our hands on this one. If this happens, it will be no one but the obstructionist Republicans  faults. The sitting president has the constitutional right to make Supreme Court appointments.They are willing to let a Supreme Court seat sit empty and block all Obama appointees   no matter who they might be   for a full 300+ days, all for spite, the cost to the nation be damned. That right there is an extreme measure, and it pretty much forces an extreme response.Likely, Schumer doesn t want to go to extremes, but since the GOP seems unwilling to budge on this one, he most likely should.Featured image from video screen capture",0
8116, Chuck Schumer DESTROYS Ted Cruz Over Vow To Block Obama SCOTUS Nominee (VIDEO),"Senator Chuck Schumer ( D- NY) is furious with Ted Cruz, and with good reason. Like many Republicans, Cruz has helped circle the wagons in the wake of the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, and has promised to block anyone President Obama might appoint. Of course, all of those extremist windbags on the right want another far-right nut like Antonin Scalia on the Court   but there s a catch. President Obama has every right to nominate a person of his choosing, which will ensure a Supreme Court with liberal leanings. The GOP-controlled Senate, however, will do all they can to make sure that doesn t happen, though, and they have said so openly, thus leading to Sen. Schumer s fury.Appearing on This Week on Sunday morning, the Senator laid into Cruz s plans: Well, the job, first and foremost, is for the president to nominate and for the Senate to hold hearings and go through the process. You know, the Constitution, Ted Cruz holds the Constitution when he walks through the halls of Congress. Let him show me the clause that says president s only president for three years. After making his point about Cruz, Schumer then turned his attentions to Mitch McConnell s obstructionism. You know, the kind of obstructionism that Mitch McConnell s talking about, he s harking back to his old days, you know, he recently he said, well,  I want regular order.  But in 2010, right after the election or right during the election, he said,  My number one job is to defeat Barack Obama,  without even knowing what Barack Obama was going to propose. Here, he doesn t even know who the president s going to propose and he said,  no, we re not having hearings, we re not going to go forward to lead the Supreme Court vacant at 300 days in a divided time. This kind of obstructionism isn t going to last. And you know, we Democrats didn t do this. We voted 97-0 for Justice Kennedy in the last year of Reagan s term. I think first the American people don t like this obstruction. When you go right off the bat and say,  I don t care who he nominates, I am going to oppose him,  that s not going to fly. Indeed it s not going to fly. These people hate the sitting President so much that they are willing to leave a vacant seat on the court before they let anyone he might nominate through. Senator Schumer is right   no reasonable American would go for this. Let Cruz and the rest of the GOP hang themselves with this one, though. It will only be a matter of time.Watch the clip below, as posted to Twitter by ABC:WATCH: @SenSchumer to @tedcruz:  Show me the clause that says the president is only president for three years.  https://t.co/YJdZr3ZDTM  This Week (@ThisWeekABC) February 14, 2016Featured image from video screen capture via Raw Story",0
8117," Ted Cruz Repeats Lie About SCOTUS Nominations, Vows To Block Anyone Obama Chooses (VIDEO)","After being embarrassed on live television Saturday night when John Dickerson fact-checked his lie about Supreme Court history, Ted Cruz showed no shame as he repeated the same line on Sunday.The GOP Debate started off on Saturday night with Dickerson asked Cruz about whether or not President Obama should be able to name a successor to Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who died earlier that day.Cruz claimed that a Supreme Court nominee named by a lame duck president has not been confirmed by the Senate in 80 years. Dickerson, however, pointed out that former President Ronald Reagan s nomination of Justice Anthony Kennedy to the bench in 1987 was confirmed by the Senate in 1988, the final year of Reagan s presidency. Thus, Dickerson caught Cruz lying, which stunned the candidate into silence as the crowd booed the moderator for bringing up pesky facts.During an appearance on ABC s This Week, the Texas Senator told George Stephanopoulos the very same lie and then blamed Democrats as the reason why Kennedy was only confirmed in 1988, claiming that it would never have happened if they had just automatically confirmed universally despised nominee Robert Bork instead of rejecting him and his extremism. George, the Senate has not confirmed a nominee that was named in the final year, an election year, in 80 years. This is a lame duck president. And, by the way, the only reason Anthony Kennedy was nominated that late is that Democrats in the Senate had gone after and defeated two previous nominees, Robert Bork, which set a new standard for partisan attacks on a nominee, and Doug Ginsburg. So it was the Democrats that had dragged it out for many months to make it that late. And right now, the court is exquisitely balanced. The fact is, however, that there is a process to Supreme Court nominations and confirmations. Many presidents have had their nominees rejected by the Senate, so it s not like Reagan was the first to have a nominee fail to be confirmed. The bottom line is that Cruz is still wrong on his Supreme Court history.But Cruz wasn t done. Upon being asked if he would filibuster anyone President Obama nominates to fill Scalia s seat, Cruz replied  Absolutely,  and said that the people should decide who fills the seat by electing the next president. This should be a decision for the people, George. We ve got an election. And, you know, Democrats   I cannot wait to stand on that stage with Hillary Clinton or with Bernie Sanders and take the case to the people, what vision of the Supreme Court do you want? Let the election decide it. If the Democrats want to replace this nominee, they need to win the election. Here s the video via ABC. ABC Breaking News | Latest News VideosThis is a particularly hard argument to make since Americans elected President Obama for a full four year second term in 2012 by five million votes. President Obama has nearly a full year left in office, so it is absolutely absurd, not to mention an admission that Republican will refuse to do their constitutional duty, to suggest that President Obama should force America to wait a full year or more before the Supreme Court is functioning with a full nine member bench again. President Obama earned the right to nominate a Supreme Court Justice when he won the 2012 Election. Ted Cruz and his Republican comrades need to get over it and do their damn jobs. Featured image via video screen capture",0
8118, Elizabeth Warren SHATTERS Republican Effort To Thwart Obama SCOTUS Pick,"With the death of a Supreme Court Justice many implications follow, including who will be their replacement. After ultra-conservative Justice Antonin Scalia s death many are left wondering what will happen next, and others are trying to sway decision-making altogether. Including Republicans who don t want President Obama to have the ability to pick who will be the nominee.Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) wrote on Facebook just hours after Scalia passed away that  The American people should have a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court Justice. Therefore, this vacancy should not be filled until we have a new president.  Of course, he s completely politicizing the vacancy, while also assuming the next president will be a Republican.Noticing this absolutely pathetic attempt to thwart President Obama s constitutional authority to nominate the next Supreme Court Justice was none other that Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren (D). In her own statement released Sunday on Twitter, she said: Senator McConnell is right that the American people should have a voice in the selection of the next Supreme Court justice. In fact, they did   when President Obama won the 2012 election by five million votes. Article II Section 2 of the Constitution says the president of the United States nominates justices to the Supreme Court, with the advice and consent of the Senate. I can t find a clause that says  except when there s a year left in the term of a Democratic president.The Senate GOP took an oath just like Democrats did. Abandoning the duties they swore to uphold threatens the Constitution & our democracy. Abandoning their Senate duties would also prove that all the Republican talk about loving the Constitution is just that   empty talk. And she s absolutely correct. President Obama is granted, by the Constitution, the ability to select who he deems appropriate as a nominee to replace Justice Scalia. What we are seeing right now is Republicans slip in to panic mode, because they are terrified that the replacement for their most conservative Justice in the Supreme Court has now fallen into the hands of Obama.The people more than showed their voice in who they want to have chosen as their Supreme Court Justices. They did so in November of 2008 and again in November of 2012 with the election and reelection of President Obama.Featured image: Flickr",0
8119, Newt Gingrich Demands President Obama Pick A Conservative Just Like Scalia For SCOTUS (VIDEO),"Newt Gingrich is hoping President Obama will say  yes sir  and do what white conservatives tell him to do.During an appearance on Fox & Friends on Sunday, the former House Speaker and former Republican presidential wannabe chimed in on the death of Justice Antonin Scalia and whether or not President Obama should be able to nominate a replacement during his final year in office.Of course, picking a nominee is the job of the executive branch as laid out clearly by the Constitution. It is then the job of the Senate to hold hearings and then bring up the nominee for a confirmation vote. That s how this works.But Senate Republicans have already vowed to block any and every nominee President Obama puts forward. And Newt Gingrich s solution is even worse than not having a nominee confirmed at all.When Clayton Morris explained that Democrats expect Senate Republicans to do their Constitutional duty because President Obama was elected to a four year term and not just three, Gingrich said that if President Obama wants to guarantee the confirmation of a nominee he should meet with conservative Senators and let them handpick a conservative like Scalia to be the nominee.In other words, conservatives actually think that since Scalia was a conservative that a like-minded individual should be selected to replace him, thus keeping the Supreme Court a conservative-leaning institution.MORRIS:  Senator Leahy and others have said though this would send the [Supreme] Court into disarray, having four-four and leaving these big decisions to the appellate courts and let these decisions stand for a year. And Democrats also saying, look, President Obama was elected to a four-year term. Americans spoke. He was elected to four years, not three years. He has every right to choose a nominee. GINGRICH:  No, no, no. He has every right to recommend. He doesn t have every right to choose. This goes back to the Constitution. The Senate is not obligated to approve who he recommends. I mean, he has a simple model. If he really wants to get somebody approved, sit down with Mitch McConnell and with conservative senators like Mike Lee, ask them who they would approve and nominate somebody who is in the Scalia tradition. Now, Obama is not going to do that. Obama wants to send up a radical to eliminate the Second Amendment right to bear arms, to eliminate religious liberty, to impose bigger government and more power in Washington. And that s his right. I understand that s what he believes. But the Senate has no obligation to shift this court for the next 30 years radically to the left in the last year of the Obama presidency. Here s the video via Media Matters:However, Gingrich s demand is ridiculous. This is not how the system works. While the truth is that no one really knows how a Supreme Court Justice will rule once they start hearing cases and issuing decisions, the fact is that no president is obligated to replace a dead or retiring Justice with one that has the exact ideological views, nor does the Constitution require such a thing.And if Senate Republicans think that s how it should be, they would be committing a sort of political blackmail to get their own way. The bottom line is that the president picks nominees to the Court and it s the Senate s job to confirm them or not. We all know that if Ruth Bader Ginsburg ever stepped down from the bench during a Republican presidency that she would be replaced immediately with a staunch conservative. Republicans certainly would never entertain the thought of replacing her with an ideological copy in the name of  fairness.  So conservatives like Gingrich should not expect Scalia s replacement to be a nominee of their choosing. President Obama will fulfill his constitutional obligation and whether Senate Republicans like the nominee or not, they must do theirs. America deserves a fully functioning Supreme Court.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
8120, SHAME: Desperate Rubio Repeatedly Tries To Pin ALL Blame For 9/11 On Clinton (VIDEO),"In what can only be seen as the worst attempt ever to be a George W. Bush apologist, even more so than his own brother Jeb, Sen. Marco Rubio is repeatedly touting the line that Bill Clinton is actually who we should blame for the attacks on 9/11/01.Living in his alternate reality, he fails to see that, unlike George W. Bush, who ignored intelligence and reports that indicated attacks were imminent within the United States by Osama bin Laden, Clinton actually attempted to thwart the terror mastermind s progress just years earlier. The fact that he wasn t able to rests heavy with Clinton, but to see Rubio clearly ignore Clinton s attempt, and even worse, completely ignore the fact that his beloved George W. Bush was absolutely negligent, goes beyond absurd and inaccurate to just outright pathetic.You can watch him during the GOP debate try to shift blame from Republican President Bush to Democratic President Clinton. Republicans biggest line that they try to tout is that they will be the ones to keep us safe, when reality shows it s quite the opposite.Watch here:Then the storyteller goes on Meet the Press Sunday morning, and when pressed on the lie by host Chuck Todd, Rubio doesn t backtrack, instead he doubles down.CHUCK TODD: So I m actually still not quite clear. Are you putting 9/11 on Bill Clinton?MARCO RUBIO: No, I m putting it on his decision not to take out bin Laden, absolutely. This is what happens when you have a chance to take out the leader of a terrorist organization, and you failed to do so. And the results are something like 9/11.So, yes, you are putting the blame on Bill Clinton, Rubio, and the fact that you have to meander around directly answering that answer like a used car salesman refusing to say if a car has flood damage, is more proof of that.Watch Rubio be VERY clear that he thinks Clinton is to blame:Does Rubio realize that everyone who is present in reality, and not in the bubble of the lies touted on Fox News, knows that the attacks on 9/11 occurred on George W. Bush s watch? Does he realize that he s only damaging himself and his reputation by delivering such nonsense time and time again? Bush didn t keep us safe. Plain and simple. Ignoring reality doesn t change facts.Rubio should honestly be ashamed of himself.Featured image: Video screen capture",0
8121, 40 Ted Cruz Quotes That Prove He Would Be The Worst President Of All Time,"Ted Cruz is one of the most extreme individuals to ever run for the presidency. As such he has left a trail of quotes that should be held against him as his 2016 campaign continues.His campaign has primarily focused on religion in an effort to attract the support of conservative  Christians,  much like Rick Santorum did in 2012.And just like Rick Santorum, Cruz has also made his fair share of statements on topics such as the environment, science, foreign policy, and women s rights among others based on his fanatical religious views that completely disqualify him as a viable occupant of the White House.Here are 40 of them.1.  I am saddened to see that some here, not everyone, but some here, are so consumed with hate  If you will not stand with Israel and the Jews, then I will not stand with you. ~Ted Cruz trashing his Muslim-American audience, who promptly booed him, September 20142.  It is now or never. I don t think we ve reached the point of no return yet. But we re close. We are close! And I believe if we go four or eight more years on this same path, we risk losing the greatest country in the history of the world. Millions of Americans are realizing this isn t working. The Obama economy is a disaster. Obamacare is a train wreck. And the Obama-Clinton foreign policy of leading from behind   the whole world is on fire. ~Ted Cruz before scaring a little girl with same ending line as if the apocalypse is upon us, March 2015 3.  You always have to be worried about something that is considered a so-called scientific theory that fits every scenario. Climate change, as they have defined it, can never be disproved, because whether it gets hotter or whether it gets colder, whatever happens, they ll say, well, it s changing, so it proves our theory. ~Ted Cruz bashing science and denying the reality of climate change, January 20154.  I think it s an enormous blessing to be the child of an immigrant who fled oppression, because you realize how fragile liberty is and how easily it can be taken away. ~Ted Cruz being a hypocrite on immigrants, June 20115.  No man who doesn t begin every day on his knees is fit to stand in the Oval Office. ~Ted Cruz saying atheists should are unqualified to be president, August 20156.  Let me say something to the school-aged kids here. When Heidi s first lady, French fries are coming back to the cafeteria  The last I checked the cardboard was supposed to be on the tray and not in the food! ~Ted Cruz tries to pander to kids by promising them unhealthy food for lunch, January 20167.  If I am elected president, we will repeal every word of Obamacare. Now, once that is done, everyone agrees we need health care reform. It should follow the principles of expanding competition, empowering patients, and keeping government from getting between us and our doctors. Three specific reforms that reflect those principles: Number 1, we should allow people to purchase health insurance across state lines. That ll create a true 50-state national marketplace while will drive down the cost of low-cost catastropic health insurance. Number 2, we should expand health savings accounts so people can save in a tax-advantaged way for more routine health care needs. And Number 3, we should work to delink health insurance from employment, so if you lose your job, your health insurance goes with you, and it is personal, portable, and affordable, and I tell you, Bret I think that s a much more attractive vision for health care than the Washington-driven, top-down Obamacare that is causing so many millions to hurt. ~Ted Cruz stating that only the rich and healthy will have health insurance if he is president, January 20168.  Listen on the question of tithing, all of us are on a faith journey, and I will readily admit that I have not been as faithful in this aspect of my walk as I should have been. That article focuses on ten years ago. We don t have the ability to go back and change what occurred ten years ago when Heidi and I were newly married and we d just started a family. But at the end of the day, being a Christian is not about holding yourself out as righteous. It s about beginning with the understanding that we are flawed sinners and we are saved not by deeds but by Christ s redemption. I am grateful that God is a patient and forgiving God and this area, as in many areas of my life I am working to do a better job walking in my faith. ~Ted Cruz lying to a Christian reporter about how much he tithes, January 20169.  Well my aspiration is to, uh, oh I don t know, be in a teen tit film like that guy who played Horatio. You know he was in Malibu Bikini Beach Shop. Well, other than that, take over the world, world domination, you know, rule everything. Rich, powerful, that sort of stuff. ~Ted Cruz admitting at the age of 18 that he wants to achieve world domination in a video released in January 201610.  I ll tell you, you know who one of those millions of Americans is who s lost their health care because of Obamacare? That would be me. I don t have health care right now. ~Ted Cruz lies about not having health insurance and blames President Obama for it, January 201611.  JFK campaigned on tax cuts, limiting government and standing up and defeating Soviet communists. JFK would be a Republican today. He stood for religious liberty, and he would be tarred and feathered by the modern Democratic Party. ~Ted Cruz claiming JFK would be in the GOP today only to then be smacked down by JFK s grandson, January 201612.  I believe in the death penalty. ~Ted Cruz in his book as dug up by the New York Times in January 201613.  We will carpet-bomb them into oblivion. I don t know if sand can glow in the dark, but we re going to find out! ~Ted Cruz stating his willingness to kill everyone and everything in the Middle East to beat ISIS even though carpet bombing is a war crime, December 201514.  If you re a DACA recipient, you were brought here illegally, and violating the law has consequences. One of the problems of our broken immigration system is that it is creating human tragedies and there are human tragedies when people break the law. ~Ted Cruz tells a woman to her face that he will deport her and her family if elected president, January 201615.  What happened in Benghazi is a national disgrace. Four Americans were murdered. We lost the first ambassador in the line of duty since the Carter administration. The immediate response of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton and the entire administration was to engage in deception, obstruction and cover up. They began by falsely blaming it on some ridiculous internet video, but even before that was the question that everyone should ask is why was security not there in the first place when the ambassador said over and over again, keep us safe. We do know Hillary told her daughter Chelsea, well gosh, I knew it was a terrorist attack, while we were out telling the American people it wasn t. You know I ll tell you, in my house, if my daughter Catherine, the five-year-old, says something she knows to be false, she gets a spanking. ~Ted Cruz lies about Benghazi before saying he wants to physically discipline Hillary Clinton for it, January 201616.  I want to tell everyone to get ready, strap on the full armor of God, get ready for the attacks that are coming. ~Ted Cruz tells his fanatical supporters to get ready to do battle on his behalf, January 201617.  We ve seen six and a half years of President Obama leading from behind. Weakness is provocative, and this Iranian nuclear deal is nothing short of catastrophic. This deal, on its face, will send over $100 billion to the Ayatollah Khamenei, making the Obama administration the world s leading financier of radical Islamic terrorism You d better believe it. If I am elected president, on the very first day in office, I will rip to shreds this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal. ~Ted Cruz vows not to honor the Iran nuclear deal, favoring war instead, September 201518.  The next president should announce that America is moving its embassy to Jerusalem. For decades political candidates, Republicans and Democrats, have talked about doing so. Enough talk! We need a leader who will act and respect the eternal capital of Israel. ~Ted Cruz says he would inflame tensions in the Middle East and basically start World War III for Israel, June 201519.  Listen, absolutely, yes. I think the first obligation of everyone in public office is to protect life. Life is foundational. In fact, as you look at the Declaration, that ordering of unalienable rights   life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness   I think is a very deliberate ordering. I very much agree with the pope s longstanding, and the prior popes  before him, longstanding call to protect every human life from the moment of conception to the moment of natural death. And, this notion that we just continue to ignore the personhood of the individual is a violation of that unborn child s Fifth and 14th Amendment rights for due process and equal protection under the law. ~Ted Cruz misreading the Constitution and declaring his intention to outlaw abortion despite Roe v. Wade, December 201520.  The simple and undeniable fact is the overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats. ~Ted Cruz says 43 percent of the American people are violent criminals, November 201521.  There is no doubt that millions of people are suffering from the rise of radical Islamic terrorists. Christians are suffering, Jews are suffering and other Muslims are suffering  What I m saying is Syrian Muslim refugees should be resettled in the Middle East, in majority Muslim countries. ~Ted Cruz says only Christians should be allowed to enter the United States, November 201522.  There is no meaningful risk of Christians committing acts of terror. If there were a group of radical Christians pledging to murder anyone who had a different religious view than they, we would have a different national security situation. But it is precisely the Obama administration s unwillingness to recognize that or ask those questions that makes them so unable to fight this enemy. Because they pretend as if there is no religious aspect to this. ~Ted Cruz falsely claiming that Christians do not commit acts of terrorism, November 201623.  Climate change is not science, it s religion. ~Ted Cruz claims climate science is a religious view, October 201524.  It s wrong for Barack Obama to threaten to shut down the government over the issue. Under no circumstances should we spend $500 million   funding Planned Parenthood, which appears to be a criminal enterprise. ~Ted Cruz attacks Planned Parenthood and blames President Obama for wanting a government shutdown when he s the one really trying to shut it down again, September 201525.  I stand with Kim Davis. ~Ted Cruz declaring his support of a religious anti-gay bigot, September 201526.  Nothing is more important in the next 18 months than that the body of Christ rise up and that Christians stand up, that pastors stand up and lead. In this last election, 54 million evangelical Christians stayed home   If we can simply bring Christians to the polls   is it any wonder we have the government we have, we have the leaders we have if believers stay home and leave electing our leaders to unbelievers. We get exactly what we deserve and nothing is more important than having people of faith stand up and just vote our values, vote biblical values and that s how we turn the country around. ~Ted Cruz openly planning to turn America into a Christian-ruled tyranny, August 201527.  Following the tragic shooting in Newtown, Connecticut, President Obama and Harry Reid lead an assault, not on going after violent criminals, which is what they should have done, but instead going after the Constitutional rights of law-abiding citizens. And I led the fight to protect the Second Amendment in the U.S. Senate and we defeated President Obama efforts to undermine our rights. ~Ted Cruz bragging about ignoring the mass killing of 20 little kids to oppose gun control measures, August 201528.  We need a Commander-in-Chief that speaks the truth. We will not defeat radical Islamic terrorism so long as we have a president unwilling to utter the words  radical Islamic terrorism.  What we need is a Commander-in-Chief who makes clear: If you join ISIS, if you wage Jihad on America, then you are signing your death warrant. ~Ted Cruz thinks merely shouting  radical Islam  will defeat ISIS, August 201529.  Our single vote in opposition is just and the abstentions of our friends are welcome, but at this point they are meaningless gestures. It is time to stop ceding moral authority to the UNHRC and tell the truth about this hopelessly biased and anti-Semitic institution. There is no equivalency between Israel s right to self-defense and Hamas  genocidal aggression against the Jewish people. There is no equivalence between Israel s extraordinary efforts to protect civilians and Hamas  use of the Palestinian people as human shields. Being party to any body that believes there is only perpetuates this injustice. The United States should stop legitimizing the UNHRC with our membership and withdraw now. ~Ted Cruz declaring that he will remove America from the United Nations Human Rights Council, July 201530.  I like Donald Trump. I think he s terrific, I think he s brash, I think he speaks the truth He has a way of speaking that gets attention. And I credit him for focusing on an issue that needs to be focused on. ~Ted Cruz agreeing with Donald Trump that Mexicans are a bunch of rapists, June 201531.  You know, Vice President Joe Biden. You know the nice thing? You don t need a punch line. (uproarious laughter) I promise you it works   the next party you re at, just walk up to someone, say  Vice President Joe Biden  and just close your mouth. They will crack up laughing. And Biden said, if anyone attacks your house, just go outside with a double-barrel shotgun, and fire both barrels. Now that is very very good advice  if it so happens you re being attacked by a flock of geese. ~Ted Cruz cruelly mocks Joe Biden after his son Beau died, June 201532.  This bill is symptomatic of a larger problem in Washington   an addiction to spending money we do not have. The United States Senate should not be in the business of exploiting victims of natural disasters to fund pork projects that further expand our debt. ~Ted Cruz denying disaster relief funding to Hurricane Sandy victims in 2013.33.  There are a series of federal statutory thresholds that have to be satisfied. Initially, it appears those thresholds are likely to be satisfied by the magnitude of the damage we re seeing. Democrats and Republicans in the congressional delegation will stand as one in support of the federal government meeting its statutory obligations to provide the relief to help the Texans who are hurting. ~Ted Cruz demanding federal disaster relief for his own state and being a hypocrite simultaneously, May 201534.  Instead of a tax code that crushes innovation and inflicts burdens on families struggling to make ends met, imagine a simple, flat tax that lets Americans fill out their taxes on a postcard. Imagine a tax code that is simple enough to abolish the IRS. ~Ted Cruz saying he would abolish the IRS and lower taxes to the point where our government couldn t function, April 201535.  We need a hundred more like Jesse Helms in the U.S. Senate. ~Ted Cruz longing for the Senate to be dominated by pro-segregationist racists who oppose the Civil Rights Act and the Voting Rights Act, March 201536.  I think when it comes to campaign finance reform it is one of the most misunderstood issues in terms of the debate. I am first and foremost a constitutionalist. I believe in the Constitution and I believe in the bill of rights. We saw last year, and you probably didn t see it because it wasn t covered in the local media, but Senate Democrats introduced and voted on an amendment to repeal the free speech protections of the first amendment. ~Ted Cruz saying he support wealthy people buying elections, March 201537.  Net neutrality is Obamacare for the Internet. It would put the government in charge of determining Internet prices, terms of service and what types of products and services can be delivered, leading to fewer choices, fewer opportunities and higher prices. Government-regulated utilities invariably destroy innovation and freedom. ~Ted Cruz opposing a free and open Internet, November 201438.  Of course we should have a surgeon general in place. And we don t have one because President Obama, instead of nominating a health professional, he nominated someone who is an anti-gun activist and that individual didn t have the votes in the Senate. ~Ted Cruz keeping America from having a Surgeon General during the Ebola outbreak because the nominee supports gun control, October 201439.  If Harry Reid kills this bill in the Senate, I think the House should hold its ground, and should begin passing smaller continuing resolutions, one department at a time. It should start with a continuing resolution focused on the military. Fund the military, send it over, and let s see if Harry Reid is willing to shut down the military just because he wants to force Obamacare on the American people. ~Ted Cruz tries and succeeds in causing a government shutdown, September 201340.  Justice Scalia was an American hero. We owe it to him, and the Nation, for the Senate to ensure that the next President names his replacement. ~Ted Cruz vowing on Twitter to help Senate Republicans block any Obama nominee to the Supreme Court in hope of a Republican like himself being able to do so in 2017, February 2016And these 40 quotes, especially the final quote on this list, demonstrate precisely why Ted Cruz should never be allowed to become president.Featured Image: Wikimedia ",0
8122, Obama’s Crystal Clear Response To Republicans’ Threat To Block His SCOTUS Nominee Is Perfect (VIDEO),"Within hours of the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, Republicans made it clear that there would be no nominee confirmed while President Obama is in office. The party that prides themselves on  defending the constitution  has once again shown that they ve never read it.Cries of  this president hasn t earned the right  and  we owe it to the country  to block any Obama nominee were common themes among the party of spite. While they certainly have the power in the senate to block the president s nominees, they don t have the power to stop him from trying.And try he shall. The president gave a moving tribute to Justice Scalia Saturday, calling his service  historic  and applauding him as an incredible man and a dedicated public servant. While those of us who know better would have preferred words like  incredible bigot  and  person living in the past,  the president showed what Scalia s own party couldn t afford him: Respect for him and his family in their time of grief.They opted instead to politicize yet another death, assuring their base immediately that they would never allow a secret Muslim (no they didn t say it but if you follow their base you know they re thinking it) to serve on the United States Supreme Court. What it boils down to is fear. Republicans fear they will lose their conservative voice on the court. They have already seen the law prevail in the cases of gay marriage and the Affordable Care Act subsidies when the 4-4 tie of liberal versus conservative was again broken by centrist Justice Kennedy. If President Obama, or any Democrat for that matter, gets a nominee confirmed, the balance will swing toward the left and the demise of the reason so many of their party are in office to begin with: Citizens United.Watch the president s remarks below:Featured image from screen capture",0
8123, Watch: Trump Doesn’t Know What To Do During Moment Of Silence For Justice Scalia (VIDEO),"You may have seen the latest Republican debates held on Saturday night. If so, chances are you caught the pre-debate moment of silence held for the belated Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who recently passed away in his hotel room in Texas. What you may or may not have noticed, depending on how attentive you were, was that Donald Trump stuck out like a sore thumb. Instead of bowing his head like every other Republican candidate up on the stage, he just stood there and seemed just to stare the entire time.So, this begs the question, does Donald Trump know what to do during a moment of silence? Or, does he just not care to show respect to dead Supreme Court Justices once they pass away (a right-wing one at that)? Either way   it makes him end up looking like a jackass   even more so than the one he already is.Which brings us to another point: remember that time conservatives threw a fit when President Obama was accused of being  unpatriotic  after a photograph circulated in the right-wing media showing him not placing his hand on his heart during the Pledge of Allegiance? Well, guess what, that was a total lie. It was the National Anthem, and the Star-Spangled Banner was playing.Also   remember that time, not too long ago, when Republicans also tried to take jabs at the president when he showed up late for a moment of silence held by world leaders in Turkey to honor the victims of the terrorist attacks in Paris? He got an earful in the media for that one.Pic via screen capture.Where is the outrage against Donald Trump? That s really the question being posed here. There isn t any. No, it s okay for President Donald Trump to do that, but not a President Barack Obama. Trump is going to make  America Great Again.  And   he s off to a great start at that.Excuse me for one-second while I go throw up now. President Trump is something nobody on God s green earth should ever have to say.Featured image via screen capture.",0
8124, You Will Not BELIEVE What Conservatives Actually Think About Scalia’s Death (SCREENSHOTS/VIDEO),"As soon as news broke of notorious hatemonger Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia s death, some liberals joked that conservatives are so desperate to hate Obama that they would accuse the president of murder. The idea seemed so nonsensical that it could never happen. Sure, it was entirely expected that Republicans would immediately vow to block any Obama nominees no matter who they are. Republicans have been working to stand in between Obama and success since before he was elected the first time. But to accuse him of murdering Scalia?Scalia, a man who opposed anything that advanced human rights at every turn, was a 79-year-old obese gentleman who smoked (factors that greatly contribute to one s risk of death), but lived a full life   one he chose to waste opposing LGBT rights, a woman s right to choose whether or not to have an abortion, racial equality, and other endeavors rational, thinking, decent human beings would consider reasonable.That President Obama will be nominating a replacement is something that frightens conservatives   apparently to the point that the gerbils that operate their brains have all simultaneously died. All across right-wing social media, you can find a curious assertion repeated: that bastard Obama gone done and killed Scalia. On Twitter, several hashtags have formed to push the moronic belief that the President s secret Muslim enforcers gave Scalia a heart attack   and there is such an outpouring of stupid, Sarah Palin will likely announce plans to speak about foreign policy for 30 minutes straight in order to regain her title as the Dumbest F*cking Human Being Alive:                   Though Scalia s true murderer is heart disease, the Right is almost desperate to believe that the president had Scalia killed. One gentleman calling himself  NatureHacker manages to spin a particularly crazy theory that: This is a white house president government coverup. The fbi and cia with barack are probably involved. mercury nitrate may have been the poison of choice at dinner or the sulfate with lead, cadmium, radium, plutonium, uranium, or organophosphate. Roundup is an organophosphate that could have been used by leonard nimoy. This justice was killed and found dead. He died of a premeditated murder. Another term for this is that he was assasinated for his spot in the supreme court to be appointed by a liberal. NatureHacker  explains that, after a night of partying and gorging on food, Scalia  wakes up dead. What a coincidence,  Mr. Genius says sarcastically, explaining that Scalia was poisoned  to get him to die for Obama s agenda. Watch the insane rant below, and remember to VOTE BLUE in November. Not only does the next president appoint at least two Supreme Court Justices, but if conservatives have their way, he or she will appoint a third as well. Featured image via screengrab",0
8125, White People Have Gone Absolutely CRAZY In SNL’s ‘The Day Beyoncé Turned Black’ (VIDEO),"After Beyonc  came out with her new single  Formation,  which instantly became another hit for the artist, there was a lot of buzz surrounding the content of the lyrics. The song speaks truth to power and depicts the ongoing conflict that far too many people of color face in regards to police brutality. The song, however, doesn t have the usual music behind it that many of her past hits have had. So, if people aren t being critical of the content of the song, they re being critical of the composition and beat. Well, not all people, pretty much just white people. White people who would prefer Beyonc  stick to pure pop and dance.To top it off, after Beyonc  stole the show at the Super Bowl halftime performance, even more people became critical of the legendary singer. She was far too  black  for the folks over at Fox News, and seemingly many other places as well. After all, how dare she speak the truth and hurt the feelings of those who are too afraid to hear it?Saturday Night Live, noticing the ridiculousness of everyone criticizing Beyonc  for her new song, perfectly satirized the outrage and confusion coming from far too many white people. In a sketch titled  The Day Beyonc  Turned Black,  they show white people everywhere freaking the f*ck out and losing their damn minds after listening to her new song. It s as though they just found out, that after all these years of Beyonc  releasing hit after hit that white people adore, all of a sudden she releases a song that shows her as a powerful black woman speaking truth to power, and no one knows what to do with themselves. Heaven forbid people of color have their own voice and not just be forced to cater to white people all the time, right?Anyway, this is absolutely brilliant.Featured image: Screencap",0
8126, 10 Of The Most Harmful And Disastrous Opinions Of Antonin Scalia’s Career — With Quotes,"Justice Antonin Scalia had an impressive career. In his decades-long appointment as a Supreme Court Justice, he has worked diligently against the forces of social justice. Scalia s insane originalist philosophy has had a major impact on modern conservatism. Luckily, President Obama will now have the opportunity to appoint a new Supreme Court Justice, which will tip the scales in favor of a liberal court.Here is a look back on ten of the worst Supreme Court Decisions of Scalia s career. Sometimes his opinions were in the majority. The ones that were in dissent were oftentimes vicious.In Bush v. Gore, the Supreme Court decided to stop recounting ballots in Florida. This decision is considered by many to be the reason George W. Bush became the president, with everything that came after. Scalia voted in concurrence with majority, and wrote: The issue is not, as the dissent puts it, whether  [c]ounting every legally cast vote ca[n] constitute irreparable harm.  One of the principal issues in the appeal we have accepted is precisely whether the votes that have been ordered to be counted are, under a reasonable interpretation of Florida law,  legally cast vote[s].  The counting of votes that are of questionable legality does in my view threaten irreparable harm to petitioner, and to the country, by casting a cloud upon what he claims to be the legitimacy of his election. Count first, and rule upon legality afterwards, is not a recipe for producing election results that have the public acceptance democratic stability requires. 2. Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission, 2010:In Citizen United v. Federal Election Commission, the Supreme Court decided that corporations are people. This created the situation we are in now, where corporations can donate unlimited amounts of money to SuperPACS, which are used to influence political elections. Scalia voted in concurrence with the majority, and wrote: Even if we thought it proper to apply the dissent s approach of excluding from First Amendment coverage what the Founders disliked, and even if we agreed that the Founders disliked founding-era corporations; modern corporations might not qualify for exclusion. Most of the Founders  resentment towards corporations was directed at the state-granted monopoly privileges that individually chartered corporations enjoyed. Modern corporations do not have such privileges, and would probably have been favored by most of our enterprising Founders excluding, perhaps, Thomas Jefferson and others favoring perpetuation of an agrarian society. 3. Burwell v. Hobby Lobby, 2014:In Burwell v. Hobby Lobby, the Supreme Court decided that private businesses can be exempted from certain laws on religious grounds. Justice Scalia voted with the opinion of the court. During the case s oral argument, Scalia said: Well, religious beliefs aren t reasonable. I mean, religious beliefs are categorical. You know, it s God tells you. It s not a matter of being reasonable. God be reasonable? He s supposed to have a full beard. 4. King v. Burwell, 2015:In King v. Burwell, the Supreme Court decided that subsidies under Obamacare could be used through the federal exchange program. Scalia dissented, saying: We should start calling this law SCOTUScare   [T]his Court s two decisions on the Act will surely be remembered through the years   And the cases will publish forever the discouraging truth that the Supreme Court of the United States favors some laws over others, and is prepared to do whatever it takes to uphold and assist its favorites. 5. Shelby County v. Holder, 2013:In Shelby County v. Holder, the Supreme Court decided to strike down parts of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. This weakened the Voting Rights Act and is considered by many an attack on the civil liberties of black voters. Scalia said, in 2013 in a speech at the University of California Washington Center, the following: Whenever a society adopts racial entitlements, it is very difficult to get out of them through the normal political processes. Even the name of it is wonderful, the Voting Rights Act. Who s going to vote against that? 6. Obergefell v. Hodges, 2015:In Obergrefell v. Hodges, the Supreme Court decided that same-sex couples have the right to get married. Scalia dissented from the opinion of the court, saying: Those civil consequences and the public approval that conferring the name of marriage evidences can perhaps have adverse social effects, but no more adverse than the effects of many other controversial laws. So it is not of special importance to me what the law says about marriage. It is of overwhelming importance, however, who it is that rules me. Today s decree says that my Ruler, and the Ruler of 320 million Americans coast-to-coast, is a majority of the nine lawyers on the Supreme Court. 7. Planned Parenthood v. Casey, 1992:In Planned Parenthood v. Casey, challenges were made to Pennsylvania law that required women to meet certain provisions in order to have an abortion. The court found that the provisions were unconstitutional, except for one that required women to notify their husband. Justice Scalia dissented gainst the opinion of the court, saying: The States may, if they wish, permit abortion on demand, but the Constitution does not require them to do so. The permissibility of abortion, and the limitations upon it, are to be resolved like most important questions in our democracy: by citizens trying to persuade one another and then voting. 8. Lawrence v. Texas, 2003:In this Supreme Court decision, a law that banned sodomy was struck down. Scalia dissented from the opinion of the court. He wrote: Many Americans do not want persons who openly engage in homosexual conduct as partners in their business, as scoutmasters for their children, as teachers in their children s schools, or as boarders in their home,  he wrote.  They view this as protecting themselves and their families from a lifestyle that they believe to be immoral and destructive. 9. Romer v. Evans, 1996:In Romer v. Evans, the Supreme Court decided that the state of Colorado could not prevent local jurisdictions from creating laws that prohibit discrimination against LGBT people, Scalia dissented, saying: [Colorado s ban] prohibits special treatment of homosexuals, and nothing more. [I]t would prevent the State or any municipality from making death benefit payments to the  life partner  of a homosexual when it does not make such payments to the long time roommate of a nonhomosexual employee. 10. Wal-Mart v. Dukes, 2011:In Wal-Mart v. Dukes, the Supreme court made the decision that ended one of the largest class-action suits in history. More than 1.5 million women filed a class action suit against Wal-Mart claiming gender discrimination. Scalia voted with the majority of the court and delivered their opinion. Scalia said: Respondents have not identified a common mode of exercising discretion that pervades the entire company aside from their reliance on Dr. Bielby s social frameworks analysis that we have rejected. In a company of Wal-Mart s size and geographical scope, it is quite unbelievable that all managers would exercise their discretion in a common way without some common direction. Respondents attempt to make that showing by means of statistical and anecdotal evidence, but their evidence falls well short. Republicans are already hard at work trying to prevent President Obama from appointing Scalia s replacement. Their efforts are in vain. There is no legitimate reason President Obama should not appoint Scalia s replacement. Luckily for everyone, it is likely that President Obama s replacement can undo much of the harm that Scalia has done during his career.Featured image from Donkey Hotey via Flickr",0
8127, Ted Cruz: ‘We Are One Justice Away’ From Stopping Every GOP Assault On Human Rights (VIDEO),"Ted Cruz summed up the significance of Justice Antonin Scalia s passing  quite nicely in the early parts of Saturday s GOP debate: the appointment of a liberal justice would completely destroy every Republican agenda for the foreseeable future. We are one Justice away from a Supreme Court that will strike down every restriction on abortion adopted by the states. We are one Justice away from a supreme Court that will reverse the Heller decision, one of Justice Scalia s seminal decisions that upheld the Second Amendment to keep and bear arms. We are one Justice away from a Supreme Court that would undermine the religious liberty of millions of Americans, and the stakes of this election for this year, for the Senate, the Senate needs to stand strong and say  we re not going to give up the U.S. Supreme Court for a generation by allowing Barack Obama to make one more liberal appointee. Yes, a more liberal Justice would reverse the 2008 Heller decision, which for the first time in our nation s history affirmed the right of men like George Zimmerman, the Bundy  militia,  and other violent people to own firearms. A more liberal Justice would definitely  undermine  what conservatives call  religious liberty  these days   the  right  to deny service based on sexual orientation, the right to discriminate in the name of God.Cruz is right: Scalia s death emphasizes the importance of the upcoming election. The next President will appoint at LEAST two Supreme Court Justices   three, if conservatives have their way.Watch Cruz s remarks below:Featured image via screengrab",0
8128, Cruz Humiliated By Moderator After Lie About Presidents Not Appointing Justices In Election Year,"Almost immediately after learning that longtime Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia had passed away suddenly while on a hunting trip in Texas, Sen. Ted Cruz joined his fellow Republican senators in boldly announcing that they would oppose any nomination that President Obama made and block the process for the remaining 361 days of his term.Justice Scalia was an American hero. We owe it to him, & the Nation, for the Senate to ensure that the next President names his replacement.  Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) February 13, 2016Republicans, Cruz included, were instantly greeted with a collective  what the hell are you thinking?  from the American people. The ability to appoint a Supreme Court Justice to replace one that has retired or passed away is the president s right by constitutional law. It s been this way for hundred of years. Suggesting otherwise is a violation of one of the country bedrock democratic principles.At the Republican Debate held later in the day, Cruz was asked to justify how torching the Constitution was defensible just because he didn t like the current president. He responded that it wasn t fair to appoint a new justice during an election year. In fact, he claimed, one hadn t been appointed during the last year of a presidency in over 80 years.Instantly, moderator John Dickerson s bullshit detector lit up. Cruz s lie was so egregious that his pants may as well have spontaneously combusted. I m sorry to interrupt, were any nominees appointed in an election year? Or was that just 80 years, there happened to be [no appointees in an election year]? Cruz doubles down on his lie: There were 80 years of not confirming. For example, LBJ nominated Abe Fordus, Fordus did not get confirmed he was defeated. So John Dickerson drops the hammer: But Kennedy was confirmed in [an election year] 1988. Cruz comes back with lie number 3: No Kennedy was confirmed in 1987. Which is immediately fact-checked yet again: He was appointed in  87, confirmed in  88. In other words, just a few decades ago, the country was faced with a similar dilemma   and they stuck with the Constitution. The legal team at NBC News confirmed that Kennedy was indeed nominated in 1987, but confirmed in 1988. The country was fine with this.For the record, Justice Anthony Kennedy was confirmed in 1988 but nominated in 1987. (We've been doing some research over here at #MTP)  Shawna Thomas (@ShawnaNBCNews) February 14, 2016As usual, Cruz has no leg to stand on. He simply wants his way and doesn t want to be bothered worrying about the facts. Fortunately, Dickerson has been one of those rare debate moderators who won t Cruz to spew lies and get no pushback.Watch the video below:Featured image via CBS News",0
8129, Michele Bachmann Comes Out Of Hiding To Mourn Scalia On Twitter — Gets His Name Wrong (TWEETS),"Michele Bachmann is easily one of the craziest people to ever grace the halls of Congress. She spent her entire tenure being a complete embarrassment and disgrace to the institution which she served, spending more time ranting about abortion, religion, and gay people than actually, you know, trying to govern. All sane people were giddy with glee when she decided not to run for re-election. Shortly thereafter, she faded into the bowels of the more humiliating and shameful parts of America s history, right where she belongs.Well, with the death of extreme right-wing Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, former Congresswoman Bachmann has emerged from her vampire crypt to tell the world just how much she admired the man. She sent out a tweet just hours after his death that read: God Bless Anthony Scalia, finest Sup Ct Justice RIP God bless Anthony Scalia, finest Sup Ct Justice RIP  Michele Bachmann (@MicheleBachmann) February 13, 2016There s just one problem with that: his name is Antonin Scalia, not Anthony. This nitwit can t even get that much right, yet, after that major f*ck up, Bachmann went on to go on a tirade about who should replace the deceased Justice, and, of course, only other extreme right-wingers are even a little bit acceptable to her. Here is that series of insane tweets:Obama must appoint a constitutional originalist to replace Justice Scalia, nothing else will do.  Michele Bachmann (@MicheleBachmann) February 13, 2016She even had the gall to compare Scalia s insane ramblings to William Shakespeare s masterpieces.Reading a Scalia dissent was akin to reading a Shakespearean sonnet. RIP  Michele Bachmann (@MicheleBachmann) February 13, 2016Now Scalia belongs to the ages. Let's add his profile to historical lawgivers which surround the US House chamber.  Michele Bachmann (@MicheleBachmann) February 13, 2016Scalia will be read and quoted 200 years hence, if America survives. RIP  Michele Bachmann (@MicheleBachmann) February 13, 2016He ll be quoted alright, just not in the way that you think. Thank goodness you re no longer in the business of making our laws.Featured image from AI Archives",0
8130, Why The Death Of Justice Scalia Makes The Supreme Court A Huge 2016 Election Issue,"The death of Justice Antonin Scalia at the age of 79, while sad for his family, represents an opportunity to change the Supreme Court and America with a single nomination.The Supreme Court has leaned conservative for decades now, which has had devastating effects om laws and policies that were championed by the Court during the progressive era between the Great Depression and the early 1970s.Only hours after Scalia s death was confirmed, Republicans vowed to block any nominee President Obama makes to replace him. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has already said that he would rather wait until the next president takes office to confirm a new Justice. Ted Cruz, who hopes to be that next president, has made the same statement.If Republicans have their way, Americans will have a Supreme Court with only eight Justices on the bench for the next year or more instead of doing their job to help fill the new vacancy as soon as possible. That means we could have many cases that end in a tie, unresolved, for that span of time or longer depending on how long it takes for them to get back to the Court. Those cases would have to be brought back to the Court later when it has a full bench again.Scalia s death effectively changes all the cases that are currently on the docket, including an affirmative action case, a public sector unions case, and an abortion case that almost certainly would have gone in favor of conservatives had he lived to make his decision. So these issues could live on to fight another day.And that s why the 2016 Election has become even more important. We have heard multiple times that this election is an important one because the next president could end up making several nominations to the nation s highest court in the next four years. Well, if we weren t taking that seriously before, we certainly must take that seriously now.If Senate Republicans say  no  to confirming any nominee President Obama makes during his last year in office, it would fall to the next president to nominate someone after taking office in 2017. It could delay the Court from settling cases effectively for over a year since we would have to wait for a new president who would then have to go through the nominating process. The nominee would then have to be confirmed in what would likely be a long and grueling process if Republicans still hold the Senate and Democrats remain in control of the White House. Keep in mind that the Senate is up for grabs as well in this election.If a Democrat like Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders wins the presidency, we would see a seismic shift in the Court. With one nomination, and the possibility of others over the next 4 to 8 years, the Supreme Court could become a liberal-leaning or liberal-dominated Court that would have the power to not only keep abortion legal and protect affirmative action, it would have the power to reverse decisions made by the Court during Scalia s tenure, including Citizen s United which struck down campaign finance reform and Shelby County v. Holder which weakened the Voting Rights Act. A nomination by a Democratic president would end the constant 5-4 decisions that have rolled America back.If a Republican wins on the other hand, we could end up with a nominee who would be as conservative as Justice Scalia or even more extreme. Ted Cruz is desperate to become president, and you can bet that he ll pick a nominee who would vote to end Obamacare, abortion, same-sex marriage, and basically vote the way conservatives want that new Justice to vote. Conservative dominance of the Court would continue on and any policy that liberals care about would be in serious jeopardy.The next pick for the Supreme Court will have an enormous impact no matter if a Republican or a Democrat makes the selection. But if a Democrat makes the choice, it would certainly have the most impact of all.Senate Republicans could obey precedence and immediately begin the process of confirming a nominee President Obama chooses, therefore the Supreme Court issue wouldn t play nearly as big a role in the election, essentially keeping it out of politics where it belongs. But it looks like Republicans want to play politics with the Court and neglect to do their jobs again in the hope that they can delay long enough so that a Republican can make the selection in 2017, and potentially more selections if other Justices die or retire.In short, it really doesn t matter if Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders wins the nomination. What is important is that all Democrats vote for whoever the Democratic candidate is so that a Republican will not be making the choice of who sits on the Supreme Court. America s future could very well depend on it. Featured image from Wikimedia",0
8131, Cop Holds Gun On Black Delivery Man During Routine Traffic Stop (VIDEO),"Twenty-five-year-old Christopher Jeffries was working as a pizza delivery driver on the night of January 16, when he was pulled over by a Bladensburg, MA, police officer.According to Jeffries, who captured the encounter with the unnamed officer on cell-phone video, the cop got out of his own vehicle with his gun drawn. After approaching Jeffries car, the officer pointed the gun in the young man s face.The cell-phone video shows the officer approaching the driver s side of his vehicle, shouting, POLICE OFFICER! PUT YOUR HANDS ON THE STEERING WHEEL! Jeffries tries to communicate with the officer, who again demands that he puts his hands on the steering wheel.Jeffries complies by placing his hands on the wheel. He then calmly asks the cop, Can you put your gun away sir? Instead, the cop demands that he produce his license and registration. As he is attempting to do that, the officer commands him to put his phone down. I m putting my phone down,  Jeffries says.The cop repeats the command several more times, even though Jeffries is no longer holding his phone.He tells the officer that he did put his phone down, but the cop is too busy shouting orders in rapid-fire succession to even hear what he s saying.At this point Jeffries raises his empty hands, saying, My phone is not even in my hands. Immediately the cop starts demanding that he roll down his window.At this point the driver s window is cracked enough that he can hear the officer and the officer can hear him.Jeffries rolls the window down further, handing his driver s license through the opening, as the officer continues to demand that he roll his window down. My window is down,  he says. This can go from bad to real bad,  the cop says.A minute later, after Jeffries tells him he doesn t have his registration on him, the officer begins demanding that he get out of the vehicle.At this point Jeffries says,  I actually am afraid right now. He asks the officer,  Can you please call for backup?  saying,  You re pulling a gun on me. Watch the video below, via VerifiedPlus on YouTube.  During an interview with Fox 5, Jeffries described the encounter, saying: I felt like I was living the last seconds of my life when the man walked out of his car. He went to say: Seeing that gun just on my side mirror was like a startling, frightening moment of like,  This could be it,  given the atmosphere and the time that we are in. This stop should have resulted in a minor traffic ticket, at best.Instead it was escalated to a life or death situation, by a cop who was too scared to even talk to a Black man without his gun drawn and pointed in his face.Not surprisingly, the police chief contends that his officer s behavior was appropriate.Jeffries has filed a civil rights suit against the officer. Image credit: video screen capture via VerifiedPlus on youtube",0
8132, DNC Hilariously Matches Republican Voters With Candidates In Parody Dating Site Ad (VIDEO),"Are you a Republican? Are you tired of trying to figure out which GOP candidate to vote for? Well, you re in luck because the DNC can totally help you out.The Democratic National Committee created a parody commercial for a dating site service that matches conservative voters with the Republican candidate that best completes them.That s right. Conservative voters can find their political soulmate on gopHarmony.The ad features a bunch of happy young men and women who are using gopHarmony satisfactorily, complete with testimonials. I m still looking for that perfect match. Someone who hates Obamacare just as much as I do!  one woman claims.A man named Dr. Love then appears to comfort conservatives that the site is here to finally help them find a GOP candidate who is just as  out of touch with reality as you are. I wanted to find my match easily without the constant disappointment,  another woman says.  I also don t want to let Mexicans and Muslims into the country. A male gopHarmony user then says he  has no idea how the economy works,  but that s okay because neither does anyone else on gopHarmony.The ad then lays out the metrics used to determine potential matches, including fear, being too thirsty, misogyny, xenophobia, climate denial, refusal to compromise, watching Fox & Friends unironically, hatred of unions and workers, being allergic to facts, attempting to repeal Obamacare, NRA score, and shutting down the government among many others. If you re the kind of person that other people don t like being around, then gopHarmony is perfect,  Dr. Love declares before concluding by asking viewers to  please clap,  a clear dig at Republican presidential wannabe Jeb Bush.Here s the hilarious video via YouTube:This video was a perfect shot at the Republicans by the DNC. Of course, the video didn t paint an entirely accurate picture of the GOP. After all, there was way too much diversity in it. That s also something conservatives hate. Featured image via screenshot",0
8133," Before Scalia’s Body Is Even Cold, Republicans Vow To Obstruct ANY Obama Nominee","Moments after learning that long-time Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia had died in his sleep, Congressional Republicans were already vowing that they would spend the next 361 days preventing Obama from appointing a new justice   as is required in the Constitution.Sen. Ted Cruz, who bills himself as a  constitutional scholar,  boldly demanded that the country wait a year before appointing a new justice simply because he doesn t like Obama.Justice Scalia was an American hero. We owe it to him, & the Nation, for the Senate to ensure that the next President names his replacement.  Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) February 13, 2016A staffer for Senator Mike Lee (R-UT) also swore he would never allow President Obama to fulfill his job of appointing a new justice. In a series of shameless tweets, sent almost immediately after Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts confirmed his 79-year-old colleague had passed away, Conn Carroll said there was a  less than zero  chance that Republicans would let Obama pick a new nominee.What is less than zero? The chances of Obama successfully appointing a Supreme Court Justice to replace Scalia?  Conn Carroll (@conncarroll) February 13, 2016If anything this will put a full stop to all Obama judicial nominees going forward.  Conn Carroll (@conncarroll) February 13, 2016Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell also endorsed the idea of preventing Obama s nominee:McConnell goes there: ""this vacancy should not be filled until we have a new President.""  Rick Klein (@rickklein) February 13, 2016For anyone who has followed politics in recent years, the idea that Republicans would openly express a desire to prevent President Obama from doing his job is nothing new. However, with the Supreme Court, the stakes are even higher than usual. Until today, the court was divided 5-4 in favor of Republicans. This meant that things like Citizens United and the infamous Hobby Lobby decision went in favor of conservative interest groups. With Obama s chance to appoint a new justice, the court is poised to flip. Liberals, for the first time in years, will have the majority.For a bit of perspective, the longest Congress ever took to confirm a nominee is 125 days. If Republicans succeed in preventing President Obama from his right to make an appointment, it will clearly be due to obstructionism and political underhandedness. Already we see they are vowing to not confirm his choice   and they have absolutely no idea who it is yet. That s a level of partisanship that should shock and disgust you, regardless of what side of the aisle you re on.Feature image from Flickr/Flickr ",0
8134, BREAKING: Right Wing Supreme Court Justice Found Dead,"Reports out of Texas are saying that Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia was found dead while visiting the luxury resort at the Cibolo Creek Ranch just south of Marfa, Texas. He was apparently on a hunting trip, and it looks at though his death was from natural causes, but his death is still under investigation.The 79-year-old justice was found in his hotel room after he didn t appear for breakfast. He was attending the ranch with about 40 other people.Texas Gov. Greg Abbott issued this statement after the news of Scalia s passing: He was the solid rock who turned away so many attempts to depart from and distort the Constitution. We mourn his passing, and we pray that his successor on the Supreme Court will take his place as a champion for the written Constitution and the Rule of Law. Cecilia and I extend our deepest condolences to his family, and we will keep them in our thoughts and prayers. While there are definitely differing opinions of the Reagan appointed justice, many of whom believe the justice a harsh critic of equality and justice for all, it is still a very sad day in America with the passing of Justice Scalia.Featured image: Flickr",0
8135, How Much Impact Will Superdelegates Have In The Democratic Primary?,"Superdelegates can, and very likely will, have an impact on the democratic primary process. But how much influence remains to be seen.As Nate Silver of FiveThirtyEight writes here, superdelegates are democratic insiders who hold voting power apart from that of ordinary delegates.Silver explains: Superdelegates were created in part to give Democratic party elites the opportunity to put their finger on the scale and prevent nominations like those of George McGovern in 1972 or Jimmy Carter in 1976, which displeased party insiders. While Silver agrees with many progressive voters, who say that the superdelegate system is  profoundly unfair,  he also notes that the amount of influence superdelegates have on the outcome of a primary race depends largely on how close the race is.There are approximately 712 superdelegates. These delegates equal about one-sixth of the 4,763 delegates who will determine the outcome of the primary. In order to win the party s nomination, a candidate needs to secure at least 2,382 delegates.According to Silver: Superdelegates are mathematically relevant when a candidate has 41.2 percent to 58.8 percent of elected delegates. Below that range, a candidate couldn t win a first-ballot majority even with the votes of every superdelegate; above that range, the superdelegates  help wouldn t be necessary to clinch the nomination. To clarify, the following chart was published on FiveThirtyEight, on February 12.The chart shows the percentage of superdelegate votes a candidate would need to win the primary, in correlation to the percentage of regular delegates, which are awarded based on the outcomes of state primary elections.Image credit: screen capture Nate Silver fivethirtyeight.comAs the chart illustrates, the closer the race is, the more impact the superdelegates have on the outcome.Currently Hillary Clinton holds a tremendous lead over Bernie Sanders among pledged superdelegates. Clinton has the support of 362 superdelegates, while Sanders has only captured the support of eight superdelegates thus far.But Silver also points out that superdelegates are free to change their vote at any time during the race, and notes that they often do just that. Unlike elected delegates, superdelegates are unbound to any candidate even on the first ballot. They can switch whenever they like, and some of them probably will switch to Sanders if he extends his winning streak into more diverse states and eventually appears to have more of a mandate than Clinton among Democratic voters. Additionally, Silver states that it s highly unlikely superdelegates would back a candidate who had lost the popular vote by any significant margin, since doing so would likely alienate over half the party s base.So while at the moment it may appear that party insiders are attempting to override the popular vote, it s not likely that the superdelegates will ignore or deny the will of the voters, should they favor Sanders by a significant margin.Silver points to 2008 as an example of how fast things can change. Clinton had a large superdelegate lead over then-senator Barack Obama early on during the 2008 democratic primary, as well. But as the election wore on, several dozen superdelegates changed their original vote from Clinton to Obama. At the same time, uncommitted superdelegates came out in support of his candidacy.So while superdelegates definitely have the power to influence the outcome of an election, especially in the case of very close race, it s important to keep in mind that voters also have the power to influence the decisions of the superdelegates.View a state-by-state list of democratic superdelegates here. Image credit: Hillary Clinton photo, Marc Nozell via Wikimedia Commons; Bernie Sanders photo, Gage Skidmore, via Flckr.com ",0
8136, ‘Squeaky Clean’ Super Bowl Champ And GOP Poster Boy Peyton Manning Buried A Sex Scandal In College,"Denver Broncos Quarterback and two-time Super Bowl Champ Peyton Manning makes a great commercial. His boyish looks and unassuming southern drawl combined with a squeaky clean image make him the perfect poster boy for just about any product.Aside from being a Papa John Schnatter loving, Jeb Bush supporting Republican who sends maximum donations to GOP campaigns regularly, Peyton Manning has what appears to be a polished past with nothing but daisies, rainbows and NFL records dotting it. As with most Republicans, however, the illusion at some point comes crashing down. As it turns out, the already-famous Manning was reportedly responsible for an assault of a sexual nature and subsequent cover-up that changed the course of a woman s career while he was in college at the University of Tennessee.The woman, Dr. Jamie Ann Naughright, wasn t a random female student who could be bullied into silence the way so many in the twisted world of men s college sports are. She was a student volunteer on the training staff and a pioneer in a field where only men had previously prevailed.According to court records recently uncovered by The New York Daily News, a 74-page scandal was swept under the rug and a great woman was forced to leave a campus and a job she loved because Peyton Manning was a foolish and vulgar scumbag. After months of abuse by the misogynist coaching staff, who joked that she must be a lesbian and called her  c*nt bumper,  Dr. Naughright s glass ceiling was raised to impossible heights by none other than number 18.The story begins with Manning suffering a typical football injury and Naughtright, whose name was Whited at the time, attending to him. She said that Manning had first asked her personal questions, including if she  hung out  with people she worked with. Then things got infinitely worse.After turning down his advances, Manning decided to drop trou while Dr. Naughright had her head down. When she hears chuckles from the others in the room, she looked up to see Manning s privates in her face. According to the court documents, Naughright said: It was the gluteus maximus, the rectum, the testicles and the area in between the testicles. And all that was on my face when I pushed him up. To get leverage, I took my head out to push him up and off. Such blatant lewd behavior and disrespect for a woman who was trying to help him shows a different character than the one the NFL has sold its fans for nearly two decades. Not only did Manning stick his privates in this woman s face, he and the coaching staff tried to blame the incident on a black player, according to documents, and went on to downplay it as  mooning. They went so far as to involve yet another player, who was supposedly the target of said mooning, who rebuffed the theory that Naughright accidentally placed her own face in the path of Manning s ass. Yes, it really did get that ridiculous. The other player rebuffed the claim, telling Manning in a letter that he should  take responsibility  for what he did.After the incident was reported, Manning was punished with the removal of his  privilege to eat at the athletic facilities dining room, and requiring him to run at 6:00 a.m. for two weeks.  The dining room ban was then reduced to two weeks as well. Dr. Naughright ended up being forced out of the University with a $300K settlement and a confidentiality agreement. For her, the incident was over.For Manning, however, the incident needed to be put into his own context, most likely as a pre-emptive strike against the truth ever coming out. In a book released by him and his father, Archie, Manning tells a completely different story of a woman he called  vulgar.  While he admitted his behavior was  inappropriate,  he placed most of the blame on Dr. Naughright, claiming she had a foul mouth and that she yearned to be  one of the guys.  In his book, Manning described his feelings towards women in the manly man s world of football: Never mind that women in the men s locker room is one of the most misbegotten concessions to equal rights ever made,  Manning wrote.  When Dad played, there was still at least a tacit acknowledgment that women and men are two different sexes, with all that implies, and a certain amount of decorum had to be maintained. Meaning when it came to training rooms and shower stalls, the opposite sex was not allowed. Common sense tells you why. Misogyny is what tells you why. Peyton Manning s need to display his superiority over a woman who had halted his advances tells you why.At the time, Naughright was working at Florida Southern College and while she wasn t named, it became common knowledge that she was the trainer Manning was referring to in his book. She ended up leaving the school and filing a defamation lawsuit against Manning, which is where the 74 pages of documents came from.USA Today picked the story up in 2003 but didn t release the documents they obtained that incriminated Manning. Instead, they ran a piece about an unnamed woman who took a mooning incident the wrong way, clearing the way for Manning s squeaky clean image to move forward.Here we are, on what seems to be the waning days of manning s career, and lo and behold the truth comes out. Consequences at this point for Manning will probably be non-existent, because even though what he did and how he treated this woman were disgusting, he has two Super Bowl Rings and the undying admiration of millions of fans.To those of us keeping score, Manning belongs in another club of players: The ones who got away with something horrible. Featured image via biography.com",0
8137, After Margaret Cho Calls George W. Bush What He Actually Is The Maher Panel ERUPTS (VIDEO),"Many Republicans have a clever way of remembering history. Instead of acknowledging that former President George W. Bush had the terror which occurred on 9/11/01 happen under his watch, they skillfully say nothing happened after 9/11/01. Completely ignoring the fact that yes, in fact, intelligence was ignored completely, and George W. Bush, alongside his administration,p  f*cked up big time. BIG time. If they d own that, you could almost respect the candor, but since they can t, they just look utterly moronic and slightly evil.This is what just happened, yet again, on Real Time with Bill Maher when Republican Bush apologist Ana Navarro was trying to defend George W. Bush and state the case for Jeb Bush. Not only that, she couldn t seem to acknowledge the fact that what W did to get us into a war in Iraq was not only false and horrific, but should be considered a war crime. He and his administration manufactured intelligence to make their case. And with most smart-minded folks out there understanding this and willfully acknowledging this fact, many would even go so far as to call him a war criminal. Which is exactly what fellow Real Time guest Margaret Cho did.After a discussion about how the best way to prevent veterans from needing help would be to not create veterans in the first place by unnecessarily going to war, Cho chimes in, and says: I think George W. Bush is a war criminal. He sent all those people to die. And as harsh as that sounds, it s true. He betrayed the trust of not only the American people, but more so of our men and women in uniform. He sent them to a war based on lies and thousands of them died, and even more came home injured both physically and mentally. It is most definitely criminal behavior and W alongside his administration should still be held accountable.Navarro, unwilling to accept reality, came back at Cho with: Let s not throw around that term so loosely. I mean, I know you are a comedian and everything, but war criminals are Nazis. Which is when Maher chimed in and asked her not to use  comedian  in such a disparaging tone as though those who are funny for a living can t be serious. In fact, comedians, of all people, are able to dissect reality much more thoroughly than others who just view it on the surface and their insight is quite valuable, because they can often see things others can t.If you find yourself defending the incompetency of George W. Bush and ignoring the reality that 9/11/01 occurred on his watch, or defending his lies that led us into Iraq, you need to take a good, long look at yourself and what you really stand for as a human being living in what s supposed to be a civilized society.Watch the tense moment between panelists here:Video/Featured image from YouTube",0
8138, Fox News Host BEGS Republicans: Leave Trump ALOOOONE (VIDEO),"Fox News host Eric Bolling wants mean Republicans to just leave his favorite candidate, Donald Trump, alone. Bolling, the host of the Fox weekend business news show Cashin  In, released a special message on the Saturday edition of the program timed to coincide with the upcoming South Carolina primary.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0f8QbU8YMdMBolling, who also co-hosts The Five during the week, noted that the  Our Principles  Republican super PAC headed by former Romney aide Katie Packer is targeting Trump. The ads show that on a number of issues, Trump has flip-flopped from a moderate/liberal position to positions designed to pander to conservative Republican voters. Abortion, health care, and taxes are among Trump s flip-flops.While you would think Bolling, a conservative, would be happy to see an expose of Trump s fakery, his problem is actually with the ad itself.In his rant, Bolling complains about establishment Republicans consistently tearing down conservatives, as he sees it, and points out that he believes the PAC ad is a part of this sustained campaign.He calls on the ad makers to stop going after the reality star turned Republican presidential front-runner and racial demagogue. Bolling, speaking to the camera, told the PAC that  Trump s not your problem. Liberals and socialists are.  He suggests that instead  Why not use that Super PAC money to expose the dark underbelly of liberal politics? Bolling s suggestion is humorous because he effectively works for the biggest anti-liberal Super PAC around, Fox News. His network is a steady stream of lies, half-truths, and propaganda designed to attack the Democratic Party and the left. At the same time, actual super PACs on the right and other dark money groups designed to shield their donors are consistently the source of propaganda campaigns against the left. The Koch Brothers preside over a network that some believe could spend $1 billion in 2016 in order to elect a Republican president and congress.Fox has been the premiere media vehicle for Trump. He has received more airtime on the network than any other candidate, and even when feuding with Fox host Megyn Kelly, he still got coverage on their prime time programming. Of those at Fox, Bolling has been one of the staunchest supporters and defenders of Trump s campaign for months now, and according to a report he was directly ordered to back Trump by Fox News boss Roger Ailes.Featured image via YouTube",0
8139, Donald Trump’s New Willie Horton-style Ad Could Get Latinos Killed (VIDEO),"A new campaign ad from reality TV star and current Republican presidential front runner Donald Trump exploits the death of 17-year-old Jas Shaw in order to further the racist narrative Trump launched his campaign with. In the ad, Shaw s death at the hands of undocumented immigrant Pedro Espinoza is used as an argument to elect Trump president. Jas Shaw was a 17-year-old football star who was gunned just outside his home,  a narrator says as the words  gunned down  appear in white bold letters against a red background on top of the photo.  His killer? An illegal immigrant gang member who just got out of prison. The 30-second ad, which will soon air in South Carolina ahead of the Feb. 20 Republican primary, features Jas Shaw s father, Jamiel Shaw, who has endorsed Trump for president and appeared on the campaign trail with him. In the ad, Shaw says Trump is the only candidate who will end illegal immigration. Trump is the only one saying:  You re going to be dealt with. We re going to enforce that,    Shaw says in the ad.  We re going to enforce that. That s a beautiful thing. It is, of course, impossible to end all illegal immigration and Trump s proposal to deport 11 million people is similarly a stupid and unworkable idea that has been derided by people on both the left and the right.But Trump doesn t actually care about how practical the idea is. He is pandering to base, racist impulses on the right and from the day his campaign launched he has been exploiting bigotry in order to advance politically.The new ad is the direct 2016 descendant of 1988 s  Willie Horton  ad, in which images of a black murderer were used by Republican supporters of President George H.W. Bush (who were also connected to Roger Ailes, now the head of Fox News) to attack Democratic presidential nominee as  soft on crime. Trump s anti-Latino, anti-Muslim rhetoric has already resulted in assaults on Latinos by perpetrators who said Trump inspired them, as well as incidents at Trump rallies of Muslim and black protesters being physically and verbally assaulted by Trump backers.An ad broadcast on television during a heated primary simply ramps up the outrage felt by many on the right and give them the excuse of another ethnic target.The mainstream media has studiously avoided pointing out the hate motivating Trump s campaign, either out of fear of backlash from conservatives or just out of the sense that a continued Trump campaign is good for ratings.Featured image from YouTube",0
8140," Ted Nugent’s Latest Racist Rant May Cost Him The One Thing He Loves, His Precious NRA Membership","Ted Nugent is a mentally unstable man with almost as many insecurities as guns. His frequent rants run the gamut of violent and racist talking points. He s threatened to kill Hillary Clinton. He s threatened to kill President Obama. There isn t a minority group that he hasn t tried to incite his rabid all-white, all-conservative fanbase into attacking (verbally or otherwise).But something is happening that may finally make Nugent shut the hell up.Following his latest racist rant, this time focused on Jewish liberals, calling them  soulless sheep to the slaughter  (and posting a picture of holocaust victims, just to make sure his low intelligence followers really got it), the backlash came not only from liberals   who are constantly calling Nugent out for his disgusting views   but also from the people who typically defend him: Fellow conservatives.Nugent must have assumed this was just another mundane backlash so he characteristically told his critics  eat me.  He may want to rethink that. Instead of just shouting at him on social media, they did something far more terrifying for the gun-obsessed lunatic: They are calling on the NRA to kick him out.Up until now, the NRA could be forgiven for having tolerated Nugent s excesses. He is, after all, a rock star rather than a politician, and his passion for the Second Amendment has been admirable. It takes all sorts to make a movement   those who can offer the visceral case are just as important as those who can crunch the numbers and parse the laws. But there is always a line somewhere, and Nugent has unapologetically leaped across it.As Media Matters documented, even far-right gun groups have spoken out against Nugent s latest anti-Semitic smears. If the NRA had hoped to be able to weather this storm and continue to keep Nugent as one of the members of their board (yeah, he s a board member of the organization.), it doesn t look like they are going to get any defense from their allies. EVERYONE wants him gone.His  haters  were even more adamant. The Coalition to Stop Gun Violence released a strong statement condemning Nugent and started a petition to have the NRA drop him from their ranks. Tell the NRA: The repeated racist statements of NRA board member Ted Nugent are grossly offensive and intolerable. Remove him from your Board of Directors. Which probably terrifies Nugent who, underneath his tough talk, has always been a coward.For him, the NRA represents the last vestige of respectability. As more and more of his former supporters distance themselves from his ugly behavior, he needs the NRA to be on his side. Without them he will look like what he is: A has-been musician who needs serious psychiatric help. He s not an  ambassador  for gun rights. He s not a  board member  of a large organization. Just a sad, angry racist shouting into an increasingly empty room.While it s frustrating to watch Nugent repeatedly slur minorities, it will feel extremely gratifying to watch one of these unhinged rants finally destroy the only thing he loves: His NRA membership card.Feature image via Flickr ",0
8141, Donald Trump Accuses Pope Francis And Mexico Of Plotting The Takeover Of America (VIDEO),"Donald Trump used a recent television interview to detail an elaborate conspiracy involving Pope Francis, the Mexican government, and immigration.During an interview with Stuart Varney on Fox Business, Trump explained how he believes the leader of the Catholic faith is in cahoots with the Mexican government to lead a some kind of immigrant takeover of America. As he puts it: So I think the pope is a very political person and I think that he doesn t understand the problems our country has. I don t think he understands the danger of the open border we have with Mexico. And I think Mexico got him to do it because Mexico wants to keep the border just the way it is because they re making a fortune and we re losing. So to be clear, the Pope may be an unwitting collaborator in the Mexican government s evil plan to send their drug dealers and rapists across the border to kill Americans. but Trump believes that during his visit this week, those crafty Mexicans are going to get him on their side for the takeover of America.Barney s other guest, a pastor from Dallas, then essentially backs Trump up in his absurd conspiracy theory. Not only the Pope, but evangelical pastors who argue for a lenient immigration policy are really basing their views not on biblical truth, but on personal opinion. But apparently, pastors who are anti-immigration are speaking the word of God?Hold up a minute. Perhaps the Pastor missed a few pages of the Bible, because there are a whole host of biblical references to the importance of helping those in need, wherever they come from.From the The Parable of the Good Samaritan: Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength and with all your mind [a]; and,  Love your neighbor as yourself. [b] From Deuteronomy 27:19: Cursed be anyone who perverts the justice due to the sojourner (visitor/immigrant), the fatherless, and the widow.  And all the people shall say,  Amen. From Hebrews 13:2: Do not neglect to show hospitality to strangers, for thereby some have entertained angels unawares. From Exodus 23:9: You shall not oppress a sojourner. You know the heart of a sojourner, for you were sojourners in the land of Egypt. The list goes on and on. The Bible is absolutely full of references of the need for generosity and compassion to one s neighbor, newcomers, and anyone who finds themselves in need.In fact, there is also a pretty clear instruction in the Bible against the attitudes that so-called Christian conservatives have towards immigrants, and those in need. Greed, vanity, envy, wrath, pride, gluttony   all of these appear in the seven deadly sins. For billionaires like Donald Trump hoard their wealth, splurging it on vanity projects and eating themselves fat, while raging against some of the most vulnerable people on the planet   THAT is the very definition of basing their views not on biblical truth but on personal opinion. In this case, a personal opinion that contradicts the core values of the faith these extremists purport to serve.Featured image from Flickr Creative Commons/Screengrab",0
8142, Ted Cruz Gets His A** Handed To Him By Rachel Maddow For Bragging About Ted Nugent Endorsement (VIDEO),"Rachel Maddow noticed Ted Cruz bragging about being endorsed by Ted Nugent, and she didn t let him get away with it.Last month, Ted Cruz boasted about being endorsed by a pastor who thinks Hitler was sent by God to exterminate Jews, and now he s boasting about gaining the support of a man who thinks Jews who support gun control are Nazis in disguise.As Maddow pointed out on Friday night, Cruz s website proudly displays a message crowing about Nugent s support of the Texas Senator. TED NUGENT SAYS TED CRUZ IS HIS FAVORITE PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE,  blares the headline on Cruz s weebsite.Maddow then listed the other slimy people who Ted Cruz is proud to call supporters of his campaign.One of those supporters is anti-gay conservative pastor Kevin Swanson, who wants to execute all gay people. Cruz actually shared a stage with Swanson in Iowa late last year and bragged about it instead of distancing himself from him.Another supporter of Cruz is Pastor Mike Bickle, who once said that Hitler was sent by God to exterminate Jews because they refused to convert to Christianity. Cruz embraced Bickle s support last month.And now Cruz is openly bragging about being endorsed by Nugent, who not only went on an incredibly anti-Semitic rant about Jews who support gun control, he also shit his pants to avoid being drafted during the Vietnam War, has called for the assassination of President Obama, and has a fascination with pedophilia. If you re Senator Cruz and you put this up on your website proudly embracing an endorsement from Ted Nugent   showing off, campaigning even tonight on the fact that you are the choice for president of Ted Nugent   then you do kind of own this,  she argued.  Just like you own the guy who said that God sent Hitler to kill all the Jews, because you campaigned on his endorsement, too. Just like you own it when the guy saying every gay person in America should be executed, because you attended his event. You shared a stage with him. You did not have to do that. Honestly, this year, Ted Cruz is shooting the moon on this stuff. I don t know how long it s gonna be before the Beltway notices this pattern and realizes it might be a real issue for him. Here s the video via MSNBC.Earlier in the segment, Maddow noted that Cruz also spoke at Bob Jones University, a Christian indoctrination camp that forbids homosexuality, forbids interracial dating, and supports segregation as if it is stuck in the 1950s.The bottom line is that Ted Cruz is a dangerous religious zealot who should not be allowed anywhere near the White House, or the US Senate, or any public office for that matter. His views and supporters are just too extreme in this country and go against our values as a nation. Featured image from Flickr",0
8143, Anti-Obama ESPN Host Cuts Off Singer As He Begins Passionate Speech On Universal Healthcare (VIDEO),"ESPN has a bit of a conservative bias problem. The network devoted to sports may have anchors of all political backgrounds, but the right-leaning ones keep managing to embarrass everyone else.Nowhere is that more clear than with Sage Steele, an ESPN reporter with an inexplicable seething hatred for President Obama and his landmark healthcare reform. How much does she hate the idea of universal healthcare? Watch her painfully ham-fisted attempt to stop Arcade Fire s Win Butler from endorsing the seemingly uncontroversial idea that everyone should have health insurance.Butler wanted to use the opportunity of playing in a Celebrity All-Star basketball game in Toronto to bring up the issue of healthcare. He starts to make a comparison between Canada s model of universal healthcare and America s rather lousy counterpart when Steele rudely interrupts him with this astoundingly dumb line: We re talking about celebrity stuff, not politics. Priorities!Heaven forbid celebrities talk about issues that matter (especially in the lead up to a very important presidential election) instead of what they re wearing, who they re dating, and how exciting it is to win an MVP trophy at a Celebrity All-Star game.But Steele isn t just shallow, she s tenaciously anti-Obamacare. She wasn t just trying to move the show along, she was trying to prevent Butler from putting pesky ideas like  nobody deserves to go bankrupt when they get sick  into the heads of the American public watching the show.And it s not just singers that Steele doesn t think should be allowed to talk about healthcare   she also bashed the President of the United States for doing it.Comical hearing @BarackObama pimping his health care plan on @ESPN_Colin 's show  It's ESPN!! Let's stick to his take on hoops!!!  Sage Steele (@sagesteele) March 20, 2014While guest starring on The View in 2014, Steele was in the mood to discuss Obamacare   but only to say that it would destroy America.So far ESPN has remained silent about one of its reporters so shamelessly censoring the liberal political opinions of someone on their show. Unfortunately, this lack of backbone isn t surprising. ESPN recently came under fire for suspending one of their reporters when he called out ESPN contributor Curt Schilling for being astoundingly ignorant of evolution following one of Schillings almost daily anti-science rants on Twitter. Schilling received no punishment.ESPN wants to be more than just a sports channel, but in order to do that it needs to start respecting the idea of the free exchange of ideas. The people who watch the network probably like watching celebrities play basketball, but they also want to be informed about the world. This kind of blatant censorship has no place, no matter how much Sage Steele might prefer it.Feature image from screen capture via YouTube ",0
8144, Trump Exposed As A Speed Tweaker: Suddenly His Megalomania Makes A Little More Sense,"Donald Trump s personality could be described several ways. Some would call him type A   competitive, outgoing, ambitious and aggressive   while others would call him the textbook case of narcissistic personality disorder. Megalomaniac is another that comes to mind. No matter what way you look at The Donald, he definitely doesn t qualify as  typical. As it turns out, there may be a very good, very dangerous, very pharmaceutical reason for it. Gawker recently re-examined an article from 1992 that may have more to do with Donald Trump s failures as a human being than the genes he inherited from his booze and hooker pimping grandfather.As it turns out, a story from Spy Magazine revealed that Trump was a patient of the infamous Dr. Joseph Greenburg, who was known for prescribing an amphetamine-like drug called Tenuate Dospan for a non-existent condition called  metabolic imbalance.  According to the story:Dr. Greenberg s program included no set caloric limit, and Tenuate was prescribed or five months. The long-term use of Tenuate can, according to the medical literature, lead to psychosis delusions of grandeur, say, like the belief that by simply putting your name on real estate properties, you will double their value.According to the NIH, prolonged use of tenuate can lead to hallucinations and confusion. Prolonged is exactly what Trump s exposure to the drug can be described as, according to this medical record obtained by Gawker that shows years of visits to Greenburg by Trump:Gawker was able to confirm by email with a former employee of Greenburg that this is in fact an actual copy of The Donald s record. Since Greenburg s role in Trump s care seemed to only include giving him happy pills that should have been prescribed for no longer than a month, it could be argued that the lasting effects of anger, anxiety and delusions of grandeur are still with the man today. His campaign speeches and lack of ability to hold a coherent thought in an interview for more than a moment or two are fairly clear indicators.The pills had such a detrimental effect on Trump that one of his Vice-Presidents once noted that when he got to work he would ask if it was a  Dr, Greenburg day,  doing everything in his power to avoid the boss if the answer was yes.Does Trump s obsession with fitness and physical appearance have something to do with his obvious desire to be thin and trim? His personal attacks on people based solely on their looks do a pretty good job of answering that question.Featured image from Gawker via screen capture ",0
8145, Columbine Shooter Dylan Klebold’s Mother Breaks Silence In Riveting New Interview (VIDEOS),"Columbine was the original school shooting. Sure, there had been others, but that was the one that got the world s attention. It was the horror that was to become all too common in America s high schools and colleges. On that fateful day   April 20, 1999   the nation was rocked when 17-year old Dylan Klebold and 18-year-old Eric Harris went to their own high school and opened fire. They wounded 24 victims and killed 13 more. The truly horrific part of all of this is the fact that it could have been much worse   because, even more than a school shooting, Columbine was a failed bombing. Klebold and Harris had brought several homemade propane bombs with them in their efforts to make sure their attack on their school reached maximum effect   but the bombs failed to detonate.In the past, the parents of these infamous school shooters have refused to talk to the press on television. However, that all changed when Sue Klebold, Dylan Klebold s mother, decided to break her silence and sit down for an intimate interview with Diane Sawyer   her first television appearance ever regarding her son s devastating crimes.Mrs. Klebold talked about the guilt she has lived with over what her son did, and about the many things that she missed that, in hindsight, may have prevented this travesty, saying: I had all those illusions that everything was OK because, and more than anything else, because my love for him was so strong. Klebold then acknowledges that she understands why some parents blame her, why they believe that she and her husband should have seen that something was not right with their son long before he took it upon himself to commit any such atrocity. Before Columbine happened I would have been one of those parents. If I had recognized that Dylan was experiencing some real mental distress, he would not have been there. He would ve gotten help. I don t ever, for a moment, mean to imply that I m not conscious of the fact that he was a killer, because I am. Klebold hopes to help parents who might be unknowingly missing the signs that they might be raising killers by speaking out, both in this interview, and the book she has written, entitled A Mother s Reckoning, which will come out next week. Klebold says what we all know: that hindsight is always 20/20. I wish I had known then what I know now: that it was possible for everything to seem fine with him when it was not, and that behaviors I mistook as normal for a moody teenager were actually subtle signs of psychological deterioration. Perhaps the most powerful lesson comes from an essay Sue Klebold wrote for O Magazine, which is that you try to protect your kids from outside dangers, and can often fail to recognize the internal ones. She says in the essay:  I taught him how to protect himself from a host of dangers: lightning, snake bites, head injuries, skin cancer, smoking, drinking, sexually transmitted diseases, drug addiction, reckless driving, even carbon monoxide poisoning. It never occurred to me that the gravest danger   to him and, as it turned out, to so many others   might come from within. Most of us do not see suicidal thinking as the health threat that it is. We are not trained to identify it in others, to help others appropriately, or to respond in a healthy way if we have these feelings ourselves. Hopefully, this brave mother accomplishes her goal of saving lives through telling her own story, and hopefully she can one day find some kind of peace with what her son did.You can watch Sue Klebold tell her story in the clips below, courtesy of ABC News: ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos ABC Breaking News | Latest News VideosFeatured image from video screen capture via ABC News",0
8146, Elizabeth Warren Just Did Something Amazing For Medical Marijuana Policy,"This week, Senator Elizabeth Warren sent a letter to the Center for Disease Control s Director, Thomas Friedman. In the letter, Warren urges them to begin to consider medical marijuana as a way of combating skyrocketing rates of opioid addiction.Warren called for the CDC to do two things specifically in her letter. Warren wants the CDC to work with other organizations to fill in the  gaps  in the government s knowledge on the  the use, uptake and effectiveness of medical marijuana as an alternative to opioids for pain treatment in states where it is legal . Warren also asked for them to find out more about the  the impact of the legalization of medical and recreational marijuana on opioid overdose deaths .The CDC s own website makes it very clear that there is a problem with patients being overprescribed opiates and the deadly consequences it has had on society. They write: In a period of nine months, a tiny Kentucky county of fewer than 12,000 people sees a 53-year-old mother, her 35-year-old son, and seven others die by overdosing on prescription painkillers obtained from pain clinics in Florida. In Utah, a 13-year-old fatally overdoses on oxycodone pills taken from a friend s grandmother. A 20-year-old Boston man dies from an overdose of methadone, only a year after his friend also died from a prescription painkiller overdose.These are not isolated events. Each day, 44 people in the United States die from overdose of prescription painkillers. Chronic pain is the number one reason that people are prescribed medical marijuana. As much progress as has been made in efforts to legalize medical marijuana have been, there is still a long way to go. 27 states still have yet to legalize medical marijuana. If the CDC were to find enough evidence to come out in support for the legalization of medical marijuana as a way to curb opioid prescriptions, it would be a huge win for medical marijuana advocates.Featured image from elizabethwarren.com",0
8147, Bill Maher Hilariously Rips Donald Trump’s Unemployment Lie To Shreds (VIDEO),"On Friday, during a segment of Real Time with Bill Maher, the comedic host utterly destroyed Donald Trump s latest round of lies. The most notable example of Trump s no f#cks given, blatant lying relates to unemployment. Trump has stated multiple times that he has  heard  that the unemployment rate is really somewhere around 40 percent. Trump s continued use of the bogus talking point, has recently garnered new attention.Politifact gave Trump a  Pants on Fire  rating when he made the claim during a televised press conference back in September. It is just one among his total of the 18  Pants on Fire  ratings that Trump has received from them. During the press conference, Trump said: The number isn t reflective. I ve seen numbers of 24 percent   I actually saw a number of 42 percent unemployment. Forty-two percent. 5.3 percent unemployment   that is the biggest joke there is in this country.   The unemployment rate is probably 20 percent, but I will tell you, you have some great economists that will tell you it s a 30, 32. And the highest I ve heard so far is 42 percent. Maher marveled at how ridiculous the claim is. Maher pondered what exactly an America with a 40% unemployment would look like. He mentions the horrific realities of the life during the Great Depression. During that dark time in the United States economic history, the unemployment rate was at its highest was 25 percent. Almost half of Trump s claim. Maher asks: Do you have any idea what America would look like with 40 percent unemployment? In the Great Depression, people were jumping out of windows and selling apples on the street. Maher laid part of the blame for Trump and other Republican s ability to get away with making such bold and obvious lies, with the media. He points out the lack of outrage in the media over the Supreme Court s decision earlier this week to block most of President Obama s new carbon emission rules, as an example.You can watch the segment below, in full.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXVhR5rC7rg Featured image from video screenshot via YouTube ",0
8148, Bill Maher Lights Up A Joint And Gets Real About Pot Legalization (VIDEO),"Bill Maher is a hardcore supporter of the legalization of marijuana. On Friday, during a segment of  New Rules  on the HBO show Real Time with Bill Maher, the host laid out his case for legalizing marijuana. He also admonished Congress for refusing to legalize marijuana, despite historically high (no pun intended) levels of support for the legalization of the drug.Maher even went as far as to light up a joint while he railed against the powers in place that are preventing marijuana legalization efforts from succeeding. This is the first time that Maher has smoked marijuana on his show. It is, however, not the first time someone has smoked marijuana while on the show.In the fall of 2010, Zach Galifianakis appeared on the show as a guest. During the middle of a segment, Galifianakis quietly and calmly lite up a joint, with hilarious consequences.Maher noted how horrible it is that people who use medical marijuana cannot use their medicine in other states where it is not legal. It s not a tenable situation. When I leave Colorado, Oregon, Washington or Alaska, my back pain doesn t go away. Or whatever it is I have. I m kidding   I use medical marijuana because my third eye has glaucoma. Maher pointed out how utterly ridiculous it is that in 2016, Congress has not made any serious effort to pass marijuana legalization legislation. Maher says: Somehow, this is the year that everything from socialism to mass deportation is on the table and voters love the authentic guys who speak their minds, but when it comes time for Congress to consider common-sense pot legislation, it s like smoking a joint with Woody Harrelson; they just won t pass it! I couldn t agree with Maher more. It s time for the self-described Republican lovers of  small government  in Congress to put their legislation where their mouth is. Marijuana is now is legal in twenty-three states, as well as the District of Columbia, in one form or another. Of those, four states and Washington D.C have fully legalized recreational marijuana. That number is expected to dramatically increase over the next few years.You can watch the segment from the show below.Featured image from video screenshot via YouTube",0
8149," In Case You Forgot, Here’s Hillary Clinton’s Resume And VERY Long List Of Accomplishments (CITED)","There s this longstanding myth that s been spread by some in the media, and most certainly by those who oppose Hillary Clinton, that she has no accomplishments to her name. The question keeps being asked,  What has she done? She was only Bill s wife, right?  Well, no, actually. If anything, according to the list you re about to read, Bill is Hillary s husband. She has quite the extensive list of accomplishments that she has achieved for herself.So without further ado, here they are as first compiled from the Daily Kos but now cited and further expanded upon.Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton:Senate Stats, Legislation Sponsored or Cosponsored, and Voting Record:Other notable achievements:As you can see the list is long, the list is extensive, and the list is quite impressive, so the next time someone asks you  What has Hillary Clinton done?  now you know, and knowing is half the battle.Featured image: Wikimedia Commons",0
8150, Kentucky Democrat’s Brilliant Bill Would Require Men To Obtain Note From Wives To Get Viagra,"In response to her male GOP colleague s insistence that women s reproductive decisions be ridiculously regulated, a female Kentucky lawmaker is fighting back.Democratic state Rep. Mary Lou Marzian is sick and tired of Republicans attacking abortion rights in her state and she isn t taking it anymore. So she introduced Bill 396, which would require men to seek permission slips from their wives and present the note to their doctor in order to get access to Viagra, a little blue pill that gives men boners.And that s not all. In addition to the note, men must also put their hand on a Bible at the doctor s office and swear an oath that they are married and are only using the Viagra so they can have sex only with their wives. That means  family values  conservative lawmakers would have to promise the Lord that they want to have sex with their wives and not that pretty intern they ve been perving on for weeks.Sorry, Republicans. Not kidding. The bill literally requires a  man to make a sworn statement with his hand on a Bible that he will only use a prescription for a drug for erectile dysfunction when having sexual relations with his current spouse. I want to protect these men from themselves,  Marzian told the Courier-Journal about the legislation.  This is about family values. She knows what she is talking about, too. Marzian is a trained nurse so if she says this is about protecting men s health, then it must be taken seriously.Of course, Republicans will never take this kind of legislation seriously until a women-dominated legislature is in place ready to show men what it feels like to have their bodies and privacy attacked.This isn t the first time a female lawmaker has fought fire with fire. Many have introduced the same kind of bill in states across the country, including Ohio state Senator Nina Turner back in 2012. Her bill would have required men to visit a sex therapist, undergo a cardiac stress test, and get their sexual partner to sign a notarized affidavit confirming impotency in order to get a prescription for Viagra.And like Turner s bill, Marzian s bill is a direct response to an extreme anti-abortion bill. Senate Bill 4, which Kentucky Republicans actually passed, forces women to obtain  informed consent  from a counselor 24 hours prior to getting an abortion. Do we really want a bunch or legislators interfering in private, personal, medical decisions?  Marzian asked.Only male lawmakers do apparently, as long as the interference is in the private, personal, and medical decisions of women and not men.Featured Image: Tim Reckmann/Wikimedia",0
8151, Bizarre Reason Right-Wing Actor James Woods Is Suing A Twitter User For $10 Million,"Right-wing actor James Woods is so upset that a liberal made fun of him on Twitter that he is suing for $10 million dollars. Woods, who has been in Hollywood for several decades, is part of a secretive Hollywood club of conservatives called Friends of Abe.A Twitter user, who goes by the name of  Abe List  has been sued by Woods, after he called the actor a cocaine addict. Woods is now attempting to uncover the true identity of the Twitter user and get an award of damages for the tweet.The spat began when Mr Woods posted on Twitter about a row between Bruce Jenner and Planned Parenthood.He wrote:  USATODAY app features Bruce Jenner s latest dress selection but makes zero mention of Planned Parenthood baby parts market. Abe List replied:  Cocaine addict James Woods still sniffing and spouting. He also referred to Mr Woods as a  joke  and  a ridiculous scum clown-boy .Woods often uses his account to post attacks and smears against President Obama and other liberals (he called Al Sharpton a  pimp ). In his lawsuit, Woods whines that  Abe List  is a  cowardly individual  who was the mastermind of a  malicious online campaign  to discredit the actor.In response Lisa Bloom, who is a lawyer representing Abe List, has pointed out that  suggestions that Mr Woods was on drugs was not meant to be taken literally. While Hollywood obviously leans heavily to the left, there are of course conservatives in that industry like there are everywhere else. Yet, it is an article of faith that Hollywood conservatives are somehow frozen out from opportunities in the industry, which helped lead to the creation of the Friends of Abe group. Deceased right-wing provocateur Andrew Breitbart was among the founders of the group, along with Gary Sinise, Kelsey Grammer, Lionel Chetwynd, Jon Voight. They hosted Donald Trump for a get together in July of 2015.While Woods is not an  A-list  actor, he has steadily worked in Hollywood, and recently appeared in the TV series Ray Donovan and in the movie White House Down, hardly the resume of someone being persecuted for his conservative beliefs.Ever the victim.Featured image via YouTube",0
8152, Democrats May Save Oregon’s Middle Class From GOP With New Wage Law,"The Oregon State Senate has just approved a bill that would increase the state s minimum wage over the next six years in incremental steps.Democrats can be thanked for pushing the measure through on a margin of 16-12, saying that it was necessary to help lift residents out of poverty and handle increasing costs of living. One lone sellout, Democratic Senator Betsy Johnson, voted no along with all Republicans. The bill will raise the minimum wage to $14.75 in Portland, $13.50 in other urban counties, and $12.50 in rural counties to prevent harming business in lower cost of living areas. The current minimum wage in the state is $9.25, which is higher than the federal minimum. However, it still is inadequate, especially in urban areas.The bill passed after a floor debate that lasted six hours. It was introduced by Democratic Senator Michael Dembrow, of Portland. Gradual increases will take place yearly, leading up to the maximum numbers in 2022. The measure is set to move to the State House next, with expectations of approval by Governor Kate Brown.As usual, wealthy wanna-be plutocrats have come out threatening doom and gloom over the attempt to make sure Oregonians are not living in grinding poverty. Jason Brandt, CEO of the Oregon Restaurant and Lodging Association released the following statement: It will kill jobs, harm consumers, force school and government service cuts and hurt Oregon farms and small businesses. We urge the House to defeat this plan that puts election year politics ahead of Oregon s economy. Source: oregonlive.comAll that anyone needs to do is refer to Seattle Seatac, who raised its minimum wage to $15/hour. The results are amazingly good, with an unemployment rate of only 3.3 percent   a rate not seen since 2008. Seatac is also one of the fastest growing airport hubs in the United States, which destroys the myth that a living wage will stifle growth and explode unemployment.One of the most basic concepts of capitalism is lost on literally every Republican who claims to LOVE the system   the fact that more money in the hands of consumers equals higher demand which increases the need for employment. Everywhere a minimum wage goes up, unemployment tends to trend down, and the anecdotal accounts of it weeding out already-failed businesses or spiteful greedy owners can t counter the right-wing propaganda anymore. It s happening, and the positive results are not going to stop.Featured image from Twitter",0
8153, Trump Backers Go Full Birther And Slam Ted Cruz With Lawsuit (IMAGE/TWEETS),"Donald Trump supporters have taken it upon themselves to try and throw Texas senator Ted Cruz out of the presidential race   by filing a lawsuit against him.The lawsuit, which was filed on February 3rd at a district court in Alabama, questions if Cruz is even eligible to run for president, considering that he was born in Canada. The lawsuit cites Article II, Section 1 of the Constitution, which states that  no person except a natural born citizen, or a citizen of the United States, at the time of the adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the office of president. The plaintiffs of the lawsuit are Sebastian Green, Shannon Duncan, Kathryn Spears, Kyle Spears and Jerry Parker, all residents of Cullman County as well as loyal fans of The Donald. In the suit, the plaintiffs declared that  Rafael Edward Cruz is ineligible to qualify/run/seek and be elected to the Office of the President of the United States of America. Thomas Drake, the attorney representing the group, explained: Mr. Cruz was born in Canada, and obviously Canada is not a territory or protectorate of the United States, it s not dominion of the United States. And as such, when he was born, at the moment of his birth, location determined his status, and his status was that of a natural-born Canadian citizen. You cannot be a natural-born or native-born citizen of two countries. Birther lawsuit against Ted CruzTwitterTrump has long been raising concern about Cruz s  natural born  status before, in almost the same way he did in 2011 when he went after President Barack Obama s birth certificate, claiming that that Barack wasn t a United States citizen.TwitterTed and Cruz will face each other again on Saturday, and the air between them will surely be even more tense, as the Trump has won the New Hampshire primary and Cruz took the Iowa caucuses. Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
8154, Conservative Megachurch Pastor Forced To Resign After Being Busted For Extramarital Affair (VIDEO),"Another conservative  Christian  hypocrite gets exposed and you ll enjoy the hilarious twist at the end.A female parishioner at the Orlando Baptist Church in Florida forced Pastor David Janney to step down in disgrace after she revealed through a lawsuit that he had an affair with her and promised her hush money to stay quiet about it.In 2015, Janney made sexual advances toward Arlene Miranda, a church member since 2008, and sent her text messages professing his fantasies about her. In September of that year, Janney and Miranda had sex at the offices of his charity World Hope, Inc.Afterward, he sent this text regretting that there wasn t a better time or place for their affair and told her that he needed to talk with God and work things out. You re beautiful, you re very sexy, your body is amazing and you re very passionate,  the married 61-year-old pastor wrote.  I wish we had a better place and a better time for today. You re more than I fantasized. Be proud of yourself. [A]md now please give me a few days to work through my mind my heart and talk to my Lord. More than anything I want to be the man of God and your pastor. Janney later told Miranda to stop texting him out of fear that his wife might catch him, to which Miranda asked if she was just a one-night stand. I have tried to help you with your feelings,  he replied as if she s to blame for the situation.  I do not have the ability to deal with your feelings all the time. You have to get a handle on this. According to the lawsuit, Miranda sought council from another pastor at the church, who also seemed to fault her for the affair. Miranda was told she has a  religious duty  to the church and should remain silent to protect Janney.Once he learned that the person in this affair was David Janney, Pastor Don told Plaintiff that she had a religious duty to protect Defendant, the church, and the Orlando Baptist Church community by keeping the affair quiet and silently repenting and praying.This all led up to church officials arranging to pay Miranda for her silence, but once it became clear that they were all lying to her just to cover their own asses, she filed a lawsuit.The church, of course. would rather pretend the affair never took place and released a bullshit statement on Janney s resignation where they stress that him stepping down has nothing to do with the allegations. Pastor Dave Janney resigned as the Senior Pastor effective Sunday, February 7, 2016, not because the allegations against him are true, but because he felt his resignation was in the best interest of the Church. Orlando Baptist Church is saddened by the resignation of Pastor Dave Janney. He leaves with our love and support. As a church we desire to extend grace and love to all, in all that we do. The church will be forming a pulpit committee that will lead in the process of selecting a new pastor. Ultimately our church members will be able to ask questions of, and vote for, any new pastor. In other words, let s not hold the so-called  man of God  accountable for his actions even though they go against everything he preaches.Here s a report of the lawsuit via WFTV.Hilariously enough, Pastor Janney is the same Pastor Janney who participated in a campaign call for Mitt Romney in 2012 with a group of conservative  Christians  who blasted Newt Gingrich for his  moral failures.  You know, because Gingrich had a history of cheating on his wives and then leaving them for the other woman.  When I look at his life I m not concerned about being embarrassed or distracted by his personal issues,  Janney said when he explained his support of Romney over Gingrich three years before inducting himself into the Hypocritical Christian Hall of Fame.Gingrich must be laughing his ass off right about now. Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
8155, Here’s A Simple How-To Guide For Shooting Down A ‘Gunsplainer’ (VIDEO/TWEET),"The only thing more irritating to a woman than a mansplainer is perhaps his more dangerous cousin, the gunsplainer.TwitterTo address the horrible type of person, Cosmopolitan teamed up with Everytown for Gun Safety, a movement that aims to end gun violence, to form the campaign Singled Out to raise awareness and empower unmarried women about gun violence and the danger associated with firearms.Singledout.orgThanks to this initiative, a humorous how-to guide has been released that shows women how to deal with a man who repeatedly and condescendingly explains to a woman why she d be safer if she had a gun    also known as a  gunsplainer.  Here s the hilarious short film:It almost seems insane that an adult would make some of these arguments, but the male actor s lines echo the exact arguments that have been used by the National Rifle Association and gun nuts all over America.In the video, a gunsplainer named Gary tries to pick up a woman named Jessica in a bar. They get into a discussion about guns, and Jessica reveals she is in the service, which only eggs Gary on. Before Jessica can run away, Gary has launched into full gunsplaining mode, putting the responsibility on victims to defend themselves with guns. He reveals that he takes his guns literally EVERYWHERE with him, because  These guns are the only things standing between us and tyranny.  Soon, he s opening his jacket to reveal an entire collection of guns hanging around his torso. All the while, he s using sexist pet names like  schnookums  and  lady soldier    which only repulses Jessica even more.Toward the end, Gary actually insists that hammers were the real threat to Americans. His idiocy proves too much for Jessica to stomach, so she walks away right after Gary calls her a  pistol.  In parting, she says: Guess that s why I m going to have to shoot you down. Not only is Gary straight-up irritating, but pretty much every argument he makes is wrong. It s actually been proven that guns don t keep women safer. According to a study, women  with access to firearms become homicide victims at significantly higher rates than men.  Women in America are also 11 times more likely to be killed by a gun than women in other high-income countries. Unfortunately, there are gunsplainers like Gary all around us who are in denial of the facts and keeping America a dangerous place. Hopefully with more awareness and initiatives like Singled Out, the truth will make it through.Featured image is a screenshot",0
8156, A Hedge Fund Exploiting Death And Destruction Could Spell Big Trouble For A US Congressman,"Progressive hero Alan Grayson is best known as the member of congress who has introduced more legislation than any other. He s remembered for his statements on the GOP s lack of a plan for health insurance, stating  their plan is, if you get sick, you die.  He s also well-known for comparing the Tea Party to the KKK.From the outside, Grayson is a true American success story. Born in the Bronx, Grayson managed to make his way through Harvard Law, becoming a multi-millionaire as a trial lawyer. On the inside, however, some serious questions have arisen.A House Ethics Committee investigation is underway looking into a trio of hedge funds operated by Grayson that may have broken several rules for second-source income, use of congressional staffers for private enterprise and misuse of government travel expenses. Two of the hedge funds, that have since been closed, were located in the Cayman Islands, and one in the US.As a United States Congressman, Grayson is forbidden from earning more than $27,500 from a second source. While he states he had no taxable income from the funds during his time as a congressman, which include terms from 2009-2011 and 2013 to present. Grayson started the funds in 2012 while not serving, but kept them open when he won reelection for 2013. The question of his income comes because he was still listed as a manager of the fund, which typically comes with a price tag.Emails from Grayson s staff, as well as income disclosures, show that at least one of his staffers appeared to be employed by the fund and the congressman at the same time. Though the earnings were as light as $1K per month, there are still clear ethics violations that have to be investigated.Evidence also shows that Grayson has used taxpayer funds to manage the fund from abroad and possibly to solicit new investors to the fund, a charge he vehemently denies. While on a trip to Tampa to present a proposal for increases to social security in August 2015, Grayson reportedly scuttled his agenda to manage the hedge fund as markets bottomed out across the globe because of turmoil in China.What this all spells is big trouble for Alan Grayson. He s convinced that the DNC is working against him in a bid to see another Democrat elected to the senate seat being vacated by Marco Rubio. Unfortunately, the most disturbing news about Grayson and his hedge fund comes from his own brochures and admissions, where he asserts that the philosophy of the fund is to invest in low-cost markets where political turmoil, civil unrest, war, famine and  blood in the streets  offers unique opportunities when the area rebuilds.His funds have all but failed, and his investors have all been paid back what they have lost, making him quite possibly the most decent of congressional rule-breakers, but a rule breaker nonetheless.",0
8157," Of All The Candidates Running For President, Only One Pays Their Interns","Here s a nice little factoid for you: out of all the candidates running for president this year, only one actually pays their interns. Can you take a guess as to who that one person might be? It s none other than your favorite democratic socialist, Senator Bernie Sanders.You heard that right: No one else, not Donald Trump, not even Hillary Clinton, pay their interns, not in a house, not in a tree, not anywhere (to borrow a line from Dr. Suess).The Washington Post ran an unofficial investigation from the angle of how  Presidential candidates ignore the costs of unpaid internships  despite their rhetoric to the contrary. It s particularly fitting considering they talk a big game about the  eroding middle class and rising social inequality,  yet they treat their own workers like slaves.Even the leading Republican candidates talk about income inequality openly, even though they may not get as much press coverage on the topic, yet still, somehow Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio, Ben Carson, Ted Cruz, and Donald Trump don t care enough to pay their interns. Not Bernie Sanders, though. He pays his interns $10.10 an hour. Not too shabby!While we will admit this is nowhere close to the $15.00 an hour Bernie advocates for on the campaign trail, it s far and above anything else the other candidates are offering.If you believe in a higher minimum wage, this should be important to you. If you think workers need to be treated with respect, this difference between the candidates should be important to you. What better predictor is there for how a candidate is going to conduct themselves in office than how they conduct their own campaign?Featured image via Flickr",0
8158, Republicans Furious That Even Fox News Is Reporting How Low The Deficit Is Under Obama (VIDEO),"Something extraordinary happened that is certain to have Republicans and Republican voters everywhere furious   Fox News just admitted that the United States deficit is at its lowest level since 2008. That s right, since the last Republican was in office. You have to admit, this must have taken a lot of courage on the behalf of Fox News to admit something like this. It goes directly against their  bash President Obama for everything  policy.However, there it is, in bold print on FoxBusiness.com:They even published this, which will make every Republican that follows Fox News as a religion and believe without question, do a double take: The U.S. ran a budget surplus in January, dropping the annual deficit to its lowest level since August 2008, the Treasury Department said Wednesday.The U.S. deficit fell to $405 billion over the 12-month period ended January, or around 2.2% of gross domestic product, boosted by a $55 billion surplus in January. The deficit figure was down from the year-earlier $495 billion, or 2.8% of GDP.  Quite a change of heart when Fox News actually sees the results of Obama s actions. Unlike how they behaved years ago after the president first took office, which you can view here, when they completely ignored deficit reduction:Fox Business even explained how the reduction in deficit was achieved: Revenues stood around 6% above their year-earlier levels, while outlays were around 3% higher. Receipts of $314 billion collected by the Treasury was a record for the month of January.The latest report showed annual revenues posted their slowest rate of growth since August 2012. Corporate tax receipts for the fiscal year, which began Oct. 1., ran around 10% below their year-earlier level. Individual taxes withheld by employers and payroll tax revenues were up 3%, while other individual taxes, such as capital gains, were 8% higher. Funny how when you have a president that truly believes in math, they can actually achieve success in regards to deficit reduction, and understands that in order to pay for things, we need revenue coming in. Republicans have yet to figure that out.Now, if only we could get Republicans to actually look at the presidents latest budget, which as of now, they have simply refused to even entertain.The GOP is literally a vomit stain on the rug of America that we can t seem to remove.Featured image from Flickr",0
8159, President Obama Makes Ellen Choke Up Discussing Her Role In LGBT Equality (VIDEO),"It has been a long and windy road for the LGBT community, one they are still traveling, to have true equality under the law. One of the people who really helped clear the path for so many individuals frightened to come out of the closet was Ellen DeGeneres (full disclosure: myself included). She was brave at a time when it wasn t yet okay to be brave. She was strong at a time when it was still dangerous for many LGBT individuals to live outside the closet. However, she came out, and not only was she able to be successful, but she is a powerhouse in the entertainment industry, an inspiration to those who needed to know it s okay to be who you are, and just an outright tremendous human being who has been thriving as her true self.So, as Ellen thanked President Obama on her show for all the amazing support he has shown for the gay community, and all the progress that s been made under his leadership, Obama, being the honest and humble man that he is, turned the conversation back to Ellen.He said: As much as we ve done with laws and ending Don t Ask Don t Tell, etc., changing hearts and minds, I don t think anyone has been more influential than you on that. I really mean that. That s true  You know, your courage and you re just really likable  You, being willing to claim who you were, that suddenly empowers other people, and suddenly it s your brother, your uncle, it s your best friend, it s your coworkers. And then attitudes shift and the laws followed. It started with folks like you. I m so proud of you. Ellen, clearly touched by this moment of gratitude from the President of the United States, tries to return to center by joking,  I m not really gay,  which got a huge laugh from the crowd.However, the president is correct. Ellen s bravery opened the doors to people accepting gay individuals for who they are. She helped the nation and the world see that gay individuals are just like everybody else, and are in our communities, our churches, our circle of friends, and even our homes. And for myself, she made it okay to come out. She opened the door for so many people in that same regard. So, thank you, Ellen. You deserve all the praise the president just gave you, and more.This episode of The Ellen Show was absolutely fantastic and not only showed this touching moment, but also a moment of pure hilarity when the president read aloud a love poem to the First Lady.Watch here to see the touching moment between President Obama and Ellen:Video/Featured image from EllenTube",0
8160, MSNBC Sources Say Everyone At Network Is Disturbed By Joe Scarborough’s Love Of Donald Trump,"Political pundit Joe Scarborough has a Donald Trump problem, and that makes MSNBC have a Joe Scarborough problem.While other networks, including the ultra-conservatives at Fox News, have been combative with Republican front-runner Trump, MSNBC s Joe Scarborough is cozying up to the unapologetic bigot in a way that has almost everyone at the progressive network extremely worried. It s one thing to have a conservative pundit who can represent  the other side  of the aisle; it s quite another when he s the turning out to be a big fan of a racist, sexist demagogue.CNN s Dylan Byers spoke with numerous sources within MSNBC and found that there is broad agreement that Scarborough is embarrassing both himself and the network with the Trump love.In background discussions, NBC News and MSNBC journalists, reporters and staffers said there was widespread discomfort at the network over Scarborough s friendship with Trump and his increasingly favorable coverage of the candidate. People don t like that Joe is promoting Trump,  one MSNBC insider said. Others described Scarborough s admiration for Trump as  over the top  and  unseemly. Four of those sources also said that the growing media scrutiny over the two men s relationship has caused the network s leadership to more closely monitor Scarborough s comments.  The higher-ups are definitely aware about what s going on,  said another person within MSNBC.  It s an issue. This comes just a few days after Scarborough was very publicly called out for visiting Trump in New Hampshire on the night of the election to celebrate his landslide victory. The next day, Trump went on Morning Joe to personally thank Scarborough and co-host Mika Brzezinski for their  support  for his campaign. It raised more than a few eyebrows.Hilariously, Scarborough seemed to deny both that he went to Trump s hotel room (he did) and that he  supported  Trump (he does). This sharply contrasts with the reality, which is that Scarborough has consistently painted Trump in a positive light.In recent weeks, Scarborough has spoken about Trump in increasingly glowing terms, praising him as  a masterful politician  and defending him against his political opponents and media critics. The Washington Post has noted that Trump has received  a tremendous degree of warmth from the show,  and that his appearances on the show, in person and over the phone, often feel like  a cozy social club. Scarborough also confessed that he coached Trump during his debate prep.Listening to Scarborough talk about Trump and it s obvious there is a lot of admiration there. Trump s blustering stupidity Scarborough mistakes for decisiveness. He may be a small government ideologue, but he likes that Trump wants total control over everything. It s a tyrannical bent that appeals to a guy like Scarborough who views anyone who uses diplomacy or thoughtful, measured responses as  weak. Hey Iran, you have exactly 300 days left to push a US president around. Enjoy it while you can. After that, there will be hell to pay.  Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) January 12, 2016This is, of course, a nightmare for MSNBC s reputation. Donald Trump might rev Scarborough s engine, but the Republican candidate has consistently demonstrated that he is a racist, xenophobic, hate-mongering narcissist. He has absolutely no realistic policy plans (building a great wall on the border with Mexico doesn t count) and no political experience. Watching one of MSNBC s star hosts worship a guy like this is difficult to endure.Featured image from MSNBC ",0
8161, Conservative Indiana Governor’s Stupid Response To LGBT Question Gets Him In Big Trouble (VIDEO),"Indiana Governor Mike Pence is at the center of a political and human rights predicament of his own making.It all relates to what he said   or what he didn t say   when confronted with a question about LGBT rights. Speaking at a town hall in Kokomo, the Republican governor was unable to directly answer a simple yes or no question, taking 13 seconds to respond and then delving into defending religion. Here is the question from an unidentified audience member: In a simple yes or no answer, do you believe that gay and transgender people should be able to be fired from their jobs just for that reason? Pence immediately had difficulty with the question, taking time to think about it. Moreover, the applause for the question itself threw him off.  Here is Pence s pensive response:  It s a great privilege for me to be your governor, I don t think anyone should ever be discriminated against because of who they are or who they love. My position as I expressed in my State of the State Address, and did again today, is we are a state with a constitution. And as you know, as a pastor, that constitution has very strong safeguards for the freedom of conscience and freedom of religion of Hoosiers And my strong conviction is that, should the General Assembly put legislation on my desk, which they considered this year, and should I continue to be governor and they ever do in the future, it just must be consistent with the constitution. But I will not support legislation that diminishes religious freedom. I hope you hear my heart a little bit as much as my head on this, because it really is a great privilege to serve you.  I thank you for the question. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbHm2wtl6F8]He s clearly throwing red herrings with his talk about religion, never answering the question directly. Freedom Indiana immediately turned the clip into a political ad:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JY1FeQIgjsY]The problem with Republican conservatives like Pence is that they fail to realize why they are in office in the first place: to serve the public, and that includes everyone   including the LGBT community. Once there is evidence that they are not serving the entire public, then that s when people like Pence should be fired. Featured image from video screen capture ",0
8162, Caught On Camera: Devastating Moment 2100 People Find Out Job Outsourced (VIDEO),"Some companies definitely prefer increased profit over principle and, clearly, patriotism. Yet another U.S. company, this time Carrier, decided that they would be relocating their Indianapolis, IN, plant to Monterrey, Mexico. This relocation will, in turn, put 2,100 people out of work come 2017.The company, of course, in a state-run by a supposed business friendly Republican, Gov. Mike Pence, is blaming regulations and the high cost to run business here at home. In a statement put out by HVAC Systems and Services North America president Chris Nelson: This move is intended to address the challenges we continue to face in a rapidly changing HVAC industry, with the continued migration of the HVAC industry to Mexico, including our suppliers and competitors, and ongoing cost and pricing pressures driven, in part, by new regulatory requirements, Relocating our operations to a region where we have existing infrastructure and a strong supplier base will allow us to operate more cost effectively so that we can continue to produce high-quality HVAC products that are competitively positioned while continuing to meet customer needs. Nelson, trying to have a heart, but failing miserably, also said: This decision is difficult and we recognize the impact on employees, their families and the community. We are committed to ensuring that our employees are treated respectfully and to working closely with their representatives throughout this transition. Actually having a heart, Indianapolis Mayor Joe Hogsett (D) issued his own statement regarding the devastating blow to the local economy: A job lost in any part of our community affects us all, and I believe these are the times we must come together as one city to lift up our neighbors. That is why this afternoon I will issue and Executive Order to create a task force that will convene local, state, and federal resources and direct every tool at our disposal toward supporting these workers in the days ahead. You can actually witness and listen to Carrier tell their employees that they will soon be out of work in this video below. The gasps are audible and the anger is palpable, justifiably so. You can hear the company try to explain themselves to their employees. And unfortunately, due to the rotten discourse created by the likes of people like Donald Trump, you can hear one employee blame Mexicans. To add insult to injury, Carrier simply states: This is simply a business decision. Watch here:// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ <span class=""mceItemHidden"" data-mce-bogus=""1""><span></span>&lt;span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;(function(d, s, id) {  var js, <span class=""mceItemHidden"" data-mce-bogus=""1""><span class=""hiddenSpellError"" pre="""" data-mce-bogus=""1"">fjs</span></span> = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&amp;version=v2.3"";  <span class=""hiddenSpellError"" pre="""" data-mce-bogus=""1"">fjs</span>.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', '<span class=""hiddenSpellError"" pre="""" data-mce-bogus=""1"">facebook-jssdk</span>')); // ]]&gt;Carrier indianapolis plant is closing 2017Posted by LaKeisha Austin on Wednesday, February 10, 2016Video/Featured image from Facebook",0
8163, Ohio Cop Suspended After Disgusting Facebook Post Celebrating Suicide Of #BlackLivesMatter Activist (IMAGE/VIDEO),"Cops are no fan of the #BlackLivesMatter movement. They don t like it because it shines a light on the systemic racism, the so-called  Blue Code of Silence,  and brutality, murder and corruption that is so prevalent in police culture. While this is understandable, considering their positions, some things are just beyond the pale. Here is one of those things.#BlackLivesMatter activist MarShawn McCarrel was a pillar of his community, but apparently he had some very deep struggles of his own. He left a post on his own Facebook wall that said that his  demons won.  He committed suicide that same day. While most people who are not complete sociopaths would be upset at anyone s suicide, one Ohio cop had the opposite reaction to McCarrel s death. In fact, this pile of excrement actually reacted joyfully with a Facebook post of his own that read,  Love the happy ending.  Here is a tweet from writer and activist Shaun King that not only showed the officer s, Lee Cyr of the Fairborn Police Department, reaction, but also other equally gross and disrespectful comments.Ohio Officer Lee Cyr suspended for calling the suicide of #MarshawnMcCarrel a ""happy ending"" https://t.co/LpAckz1CNK pic.twitter.com/2IzMO6zj9R  Shaun King (@ShaunKing) February 12, 2016Luckily, the police department s actions were swift, and Cyr has been suspended. The Chief of the Department, Terry Barlow, said of the incident: When we were made aware of a Facebook post that was linked to a Fairborn police officer, an internal affairs complaint was initiated. Posts that may discredit the police department are against policy. We take this seriously. We will ensure the professional standards of the department are upheld. While this is all fine and well, Barlow really should have condemned the remarks for how absolutely disgusting they were, rather than just worrying about this cop s views being a blight on his department s image.As far as I am concerned, this department is definitely discredited without a much stronger condemnation of this cop s words, and without a full termination. He has no business policing anyone, especially not black people.Watch a news report on the story below, courtesy of local station WHIO:Featured image via video screen capture from Raw Story ",0
8164, Twitter Wishes Lincoln Happy Birthday With Hilarious #ThingsLincolnDidntSay Hashtag (TWEETS),"February 12, is the 207th anniversary of President Abraham Lincoln s birth, and Twitter decided to celebrate it like only the social media giant can: with a hilarious hashtag.If you are an avid social networking user, then you have probably come across a quote attributed to President Lincoln or some other famous historical figure and thought, He definitely didn t say that.  It happens so often that it s an internet joke, just slap a quote next to someone notable s face and you have a viral internet meme shared by thousands (sometimes millions) of really stupid people. President Lincoln is often the person in many of those memes, so Twitter users decided to celebrate his birthday with #ThingsLincolnDidntSay:I m excited for the future of my party. #ThingsLincolnDidntSay pic.twitter.com/8rUBVSKSvx  Simar Ahluwalia (@sahluwal) February 12, 2016  In 150 years, the Republican Party will be greater than ever !  #ThingsLincolnDidntSay pic.twitter.com/uCLP0mQUNl  TrivWorks (@TrivWorks) February 12, 2016#ThingsLincolnDidntSay  Brian Williams, what are you doing here at Gettysburg?  pic.twitter.com/3StneMusxB  Vlad Bayon (@misterdish69) February 12, 2016  If this gets retweeted 1 million times I ll end slavery. #ThingsLincolnDidntSay pic.twitter.com/JEueYSYewb  MJ  (@MJGWrites) February 12, 2016Jeez, Mary, I need to see a play like I need a hole in the head. #ThingsLincolnDidntSay  John Fugelsang (@JohnFugelsang) February 12, 2016 Four score and seven beers ago #ThingsLincolnDidntSay  Elizabeth So Totally (@elizablitzed) February 12, 2016Hey, I wonder how my face would look on our LEAST VALUABLE ITEM OF CURRENCY#ThingsLincolnDidntSay  Dreamweasel (@Dreamweasel) February 12, 2016 #ThingsLincolnDidntSay I m a vampire hunter  R IN (@_A_W_W_R_) February 12, 2016There are so many more of them, you should definitely check out the entire thread.President Lincoln is arguably one of the greatest presidents we have ever had and Republicans often like to pretend that he was their president. It is true, he was a Republican, but if he were alive today there is absolutely no doubt that he d be considered a filthy liberal.The GOP is always trying to divide our country, especially the far-right anti-government Tea Party crazies. President Lincoln, on the other hand, went to war to keep the country from splitting apart   that s how much he loved the Union. So it s pretty safe to say that he would not support the Confederate flag waving, Bundy militia supporting, Obama-hating Republican Party of 2016. I will leave you with an actual quote from the sixteenth president, one that the right needs to remember:  A house divided against itself cannot stand. I believe this government cannot endure permanently half-slave and half-free. I do not expect the Union to be dissolved   I do not expect the house to fall   but I do expect it will cease to be divided. It will become all one thing or all the other. Happy birthday, President Lincoln! Featured image from Twitter",0
8165, The Koch Brothers Now Bankrolling The Bundy Anti-Government Agenda To Sell Off Public Land,"If you were wondering how a bunch of wannabe revolutionaries could afford to spend all of their time occupying wildlife refuges and pointing guns at federal agents instead of working, the answer is becoming more obvious: They are being bankrolled by the billionaires who hate the government just as much as they do.Just as the last few Bundy militia hold outs were finally being rounded up and sent to jail, the Koch brothers announced that their heavily-funded powerful political network would be shifting to focus on dismantling laws that allow the government to own public lands. The Bundys  plea for snacks and temper tantrums over sex toys may have made most of us laugh, but they clearly impressed the Kochs.ThinkProgress explains:Though ClimateProgress has previously uncovered and reported on the dark money that the Kochs have provided for political efforts to seize and sell public lands, recent organizational changes reveal that the Koch network is providing direct support to the ringleader of the land grab movement, Utah state representative Ken Ivory, and has forged an alliance with groups and individuals who have militia ties and share extreme anti-government ideologies.Ivory is one of the shamelessly corrupt legislators currently in office. He freely acknowledges that he receives a $135,000 a year salary from an organization called  American Lands Council  which works to erode America s protected forests so oil and gas companies can move in. Not surprisingly, he s also one of the most aggressive opponents of the very concept of federal land, introducing bills to sell it off to private companies. In fact, Ivory claims he works 60 hours a week at ALC, leaving him little time to actually represent his state in any meaningful capacity.He will now be leaving that anti-government organization to head another one: Federalism in Action and will help start the group s  Free the Lands  project. His replacement at ALC is Montana State Senator Jennifer Fielder   and she s not any better.Fielder s selection as ALC s CEO suggests that the group is tightening its ties with the violent anti-government elements of the land seizure movement that is represented by Cliven Bundy and his sons. Fielder s land seizure efforts and campaign for Montana State Senate, for example, were vocally supported by a Militia of Montana organization that is run by white supremacist John Trochmann. In a recent blog post Fielder also expressed her support for the Bundys and the Oregon militants by referring to them fondly as  cowboys  and  protesters  performing  an act of civil disobedience  and bringing  new light to the widespread problems of a distant federal bureaucracy in control of local land management decisions. Her backers   the Koch brothers   probably love the Bundy family as well. They don t have any interest in cattle grazing fees, surely, but they certainly salivate over the idea of seeing federally protected land turned over to the public. They have enough money to buy a large chunk of it. That means more fracking, more oil drilling, and more land for chemical waste deposits. A whole new opportunity to make a fortune.In recent years, the Koch brothers have began freaking out because the massive amount of money they spent on influencing elections hasn t really worked out well for them. In 2012, they went all out of defeat President Obama, spending over $400 million in a scorched-earth campaign. The money might as well have been thrown in a bonfire. Obama won in a landslide. Since then they ve doubled down, suggesting they may spend up to a billion in 2016, but clearly they are shaken.Rather than keep wasting money on losing in general elections, the billionaires appear to be shifting a lot of their energy towards individual targets. Hence we see them align themselves with the Bundy militia and their allies. With less money and less scrutiny, Koch Industries can still get its way   just on a smaller scale.Feature image via YouTube screengrabs ",0
8166, President Obama Recites A Love Poem To The First Lady On National Television (VIDEO),"President Obama is forced to spend another Valentine s day away from his wife this year, but that didn t stop him winning his efforts to remind her how much he loves her   by wooing her on national television.On Friday s installment in the Ellen Show, the First Lady had done some impromptu wooing of her husband by appearing in a surprise broadcast. Roses are red, violets are blue, you are the president and I am your boo. But little did she know that the Commander-in-Chief was all prepared to deliver his own Valentine s day present to Mrs. Obama. Somebody call the Situation Room because things are about to get hot,  he said as he emerged from red curtains, surrounded by flowers and the Barry White kicked in. Michelle, this Valentine s Day I m going to treat you right. I m going to make you some zucchini bread. Then I ll spread out some veggies on a plate just the way you like them. Then I ll give you a massage while you watch  Ellen s Design Challenge  on HGTV. Because I love you so much, I Obamacare about you more than you even know. But laughter aside, the President took a moment to get real. Michelle,  he said.  I ve made a lot of great decisions as president. The best decision I ever made was choosing you. Thanks for putting up with me. I love you. It s the first time Obama has appeared on the Ellen Show in person since his 2007 appearance, during which he impressed the world by managing some dance moves that defied the  dad dancing  routines of other candidates. With this return, he becomes the first President to make an in-studio appearance on the show.Ellen, who is married to actress Portia de Rossi, took a moment to thank the President for his action on Equal Marriage rights, which meant she was able to stay married to her very own  strong, beautiful  wife.All in all, it was a tour-de-force for the President, who seems to be spending his final year in the White House loosening up and chilling out. He has no further elections to win. He won them all. It s at moments like this we realize we re going to really miss the Obama White House when it s over.You can watch a segment of Obama s conversation with Ellen about being President and being married to Michelle Obama below: Featured Image via Screengrab",0
8167, Latino Celebrities Release An Open Letter Explaining How Screwed The Republican Party Is,"On Thursday, over 20 Latino celebrities including Benjamin Bratt, America Ferrera, George Lopez, Aubrey Plaza, Zoe Saldana and Carlos Santana released an open letter through the People for the American Way. The letter was addressed to the Latino community concerning the Republican candidates running for Racist-in-Chief and it explained, very simply, that the Republican Party has committed electoral suicide:The candidates cannot come back from these hardline stances. Trump is certainly an outlier for his racist remarks. But the rest of the Republican presidential candidates went off the deep end with him.Our communities have the power to decide who wins in the 2016 election. We hope that power is used to vote for candidates who support our community, share our values, and will fight for working families. Neither Trump nor any of his fellow Republican candidates meet that standard.Even if the eventual Republican nominee backtracks on his or her anti-immigrant sentiments, we must not forget that we ve now seen that in the face of bigotry, the Republican candidates have chosen to turn their backs on our community. The current slate of GOP candidates has proven to us that they ve joined and embraced the party of Trump.This is exactly why I ve been so excited about Trump s campaign. In previous elections, the  liberal  media helped Republicans maintain the fiction that they weren t xenophobic bigots. But with the coming of Trump, that s all over. He s been so open about his loathing for Latinos that the other candidates have been forced to abandon their coded language in order to compete for the attention of their breathtakingly racist base.This, in turn, has made it perfectly clear to the Latino community that the Republican Party is not interested in them in the slightest but rather only in  pandering to the anti-immigrant base of the Republican Party that idolizes Donald Trump. The longer this goes on, the worse it will get and it MUST go on because racism and hate is all Republicans have left anymore. If Republicans try to appeal to Latino voters in any way at all, their base will instantly revolt. They are caught in a trap of their own making and it is truly a glorious thing to behold.In an individual statement, America Ferrera said: It s critical that all Americans, and especially American Latinos, stand up to the misrepresentation of our communities coming from Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, and any other candidate running on a platform of xenophobia and fear-mongering. The way to do that is to show up on Election Day. And that means young Latinos have to register and vote. We have the numbers and potential to make a difference. This, of course, is the GOP s worst nightmare come true. Latinos voting en masse would take power away from the poor, oppressed white people of America.Carlos Santana sent a more hopeful message to Republicans that will 100% fall on deaf ears: To Donald Trump and the Republican candidates Spirit requires integration and total acceptance of everyone on this blessed planet. I invite you to utilize your power of wealth, to restore, amend and heal your relationship with all your sisters and brothers! It s never too late to graduate from the university of fear! I believe in you! Your light can make a difference on our great nation-when the power of love replaces the love for power. Divinity is who you really are   LIGHT. Peace to you, your families and all your immigrant employees. I ve said this many times before and I ll keep saying it: There s a reason the black community votes 90%+ Democratic and it s not because Democrats have made the black community a top priority. They haven t and it s an uphill battle to get Democrats to do more for their black voters. Even knowing that, the black community votes Democratic because they know, as sure as the sun will rise, that the Republican Party hates them with every fiber of their beings. Republicans are not indifferent like Democrats, they are actively hostile and work to make things worse for the black community whenever and wherever possible.Now the Latino community is learning the same lesson. Republicans are no longer content to mostly ignore the Latino community, they are going out of their way to demonize it and are openly planning to hurt Latino families to appease their rabidly racist base.Republicans have awoken the sleeping giant and they re going to pay dearly for it in the very near future. Featured image from hdstockphoto",0
8168, Donald Trump Attacks Ted Cruz With The Single Most Hypocritical Move Of The Campaign (IMAGE),"Republican Presidential front runner Donald Trump has one of the worst honesty ratings of any politician evaluated in the history of Politifact. Yet, he has just launched an attack on Ted Cruz asking: How can Ted Cruz be an evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest? How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 12, 2016Firstly, asked by a candidate of integrity, or a voter, this is a totally acceptable question. Ted Cruz and the entire Christian Conservative movement fly in the face of the teachings of Jesus. Turning the other cheek, forgiveness, compassion, charity, community, the corrupting influence of wealth, the baselessness of individuality   all of these teachings were totally abandoned. Republican Jesus is actually evangelical libertarian Ayn Rand, and their bible is her book, Atlas Shrugged.However, for trust fund tycoon Donald Trump, this attack is nothing short of the single most hypocritical question of the campaign. Donald Trump is a lying liar who lies. Don t take our word for it. Check out his file on fact checking site Politifact.Just 1% of claims made by Donald Trump are true. One percent! Meanwhile, 3 out of every 5 statements he makes are absolute lies. Let s take a look back at some of those lies:They just keep on coming.And on the matter of faith, Donald Trump is now claiming to be some sort of born again evangelical. Yet, Trump has been married three times, pokes fun of Holy Communion as eating  the little cracker , claims he has never asked God to forgive his sins in his life, and could not name a single passage of the Bible when pressed for his favorite piece of scripture.Trump is about as devout a Christian as Bill Nye.And yet, he is winning evangelical support in droves. Why? Because the evangelical, Christian Conservative movement has zero to do with faith in God, and everything to do with a fanatical conviction in right-wing principles of crony capitalism, white supremacy, homophobia and sexism.If this was not the case, Trump would be the LAST candidate that appealed to Evangelicals. To any right-thinking Christian, he is the 21st century incarnation of the Whore of Babylon.If this contest is going to come down to Ted Cruz or Donald Trump, the Republican party is really being asked whether to die by lethal injection or firing squad. Either way, the party is going to end up dead.Featured Image via T. J. Hawk (Flickr Creative Commons)",0
8169, Jimmy Kimmel Lets A Little Girl Adorably Mock Sarah Palin On Her 52nd Birthday (VIDEO),"This is cute and hilarious.During his show on Thursday night, Jimmy Kimmel pointed out to his audience that it was Sarah Palin s birthday. The half-wit former governor of Alaska is now 52-years-old and continues to defend her status as America s Village Idiot.Kimmel didn t break out into a rendition of  Happy Birthday,  even though the copyright claim on the song has been vanquished by a federal judge. Instead he let a little girl on stage to deliver a birthday message to Palin dressed as a birthday card.Third-grader Lindsey then stepped through the curtain dressed as Palin with an American flag as the background and gave the audience the most adorable mocking of Sarah Palin ever witnessed. Hi everybody, I m Sarah Palin!  she began. Is today my birthday? You betcha! I m 29-years-old, but the lame-stream media says I m 52. I support Donald Trump, because we need a straight shooter in the White House. I know straight shooters because I once shooted a whole zoo from my helicopter. Well, I gotta go make my husband Todd a moose pie. Obama s the Anti-Christ! Bye-bye! Here s the video via YouTube:As you may all nightmarishly recall, Palin jumped to reappear in the spotlight in order to endorse Donald Trump last month in a bizarre rant that made everyone think of the Yosemite Sam character in the Looney Tunes cartoons. How  bout the rest of us? Right wingin , bitter clingin , proud clingers of our guns, our god, and our religions, and our Constitution,  Palin said during her endorsement speech.  Tell us that we re not red enough? Yeah, coming from the establishment. Right. Here s the perfect Palin/Yosemite Sam mashup via YouTube: ",0
8170, Trump Campaign Cops To Black Rally Goers: ‘You’re No Longer Welcome Here’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is a flaming racist, and he has made no secret of that. After all, he has a history of calling Mexican immigrants rapists, of calling for a ban on all Muslims entering the United States, and of telling his imbecile supporters to beat up black protesters. Well, if all of that wasn t enough to convince you of the racism of the Trump campaign and of the man himself, this ought to be.Donald Trump took his hate parade of a campaign to South Carolina   to Clemson University, to be precise. A professor at the historic South Carolina university, Chenjerai Kumanyika was at the rally with his friend, A.D. Carson. They listened, first, to (amazingly) gospel television preacher Mark Burris give a prayer/speech, which included the words: Father God, in the name of Jesus, we re truly thankful for the life of Donald J. Trump. We re thankful that you have created a man through the spirit of the Holy Spirit to give him the boldness to say what other people will not say, to do what other people will not do After that, Kumanyika and Carson stood listening to the events of the evening, when they were approached by police officers who told them they had to leave. There was no apparent reason for this, so Kumanyika asked why they were being tossed out.  I m leaving, I m not arguing with you,  he said.  I just want to know why. Once they had exited the event, one cop was kind enough to tell the men why they had been thrown out. The Trump campaign or the Trump people said that you are no longer welcome. Yes, you read that right. The campaign simply said that they were not welcome there. No explanation for that, as they were not protesting or causing a ruckus. Just standing there. The professor said of the incident: I stood peacefully observing Trump s speech. I remained quiet and calm the entire time I was there and never spoke to anyone other than A.D. Eventually, several police officers dressed in military gear grabbed my arm and told me to leave the venue immediately. Again, no protests, just observing like everyone else there. The difference? They re black. That s the only conceivable reason.Luckily, the entire exchange was caught on camera and posted to social media. Take a look below:// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt; The Trump Campaign said You are No Longer Welcome Here Earlier tonight, A.D. Carson and I were kicked out of a Trump rally in Clemson South CarolinaPosted by Chenjerai Kumanyika on Wednesday, February 10, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
8171," Your Taxes Buy Billionaires Stadiums, They Charge You $7 For A Hot Dog — Obama Says NO MORE","Imagine you re a billionaire who buys himself an NFL team. You re obviously doing well if you can afford to even consider such a venture, but you re about to start raking it in big time. At an average of $85 per ticket, 70,000 people or so are going to come pouring through the gates.They aren t allowed to bring any food or drinks with them, of course, so if they get hungry they ll be feasting on $7.50 hot dogs and $16 cheese steaks. If you toss a couple of Oreos in the fryer at a cost of about 30 cents they ll fork over another six bucks. That s not including the drinks. The bottom of the barrel at most stadiums is the $5 bottled water.Owners love to chalk up the price of tickets and concessions to the amount of money they pay their players. That certainly does factor in, but if you walk through your local mall you ll see ridiculous amounts of merchandise from teddy bears to framed pictures, hats, jerseys, shoes and even pet clothing with your team s logo on them. it s not there for free. Multiply that times every mall in a team s fan base and what you have is an entity that is so ridiculously profitable it goes beyond description.Why, then, are we footing the bill to build these elitist one percenters new stadiums? With very few exceptions, when an owner wants a stadium, they go directly to those whose campaigns they donate to and get the ball rolling on state funds. They sell fans on voting for these funds because  don t you want to have a nicer stadium than the one in Philly?  Ask a Washington fan the answer to that one.At the federal level, owners bilk all of us out of tax dollars through a tax exemption on bond interest that means that even if you live in Billings Montana with no chance of ever going to a Wranglers game (because your market is too small for such a team to exist in any sport), you re paying for that shiny new facility they re planning in Los Angeles.According to a 2012 Bloomberg report, the exemption amounts to roughly $4 billion in federal taxpayer money. In President Obama s FY2017 budget, the exemption is eliminated, which would create a savings of $542 million for the year and hopefully create a more cost-conscious building process for stadiums that will still be footed largely by taxpayers at the state and local level.It s welfare for billionaires. A family of four can save for a year and spend upwards of a thousand dollars for a single afternoon at Texas Stadium, but Jerry Jones should be able to be exempt from millions in taxes because he has so much debt on a stadium he could have written a check for.The Presidents proposal will, of course, be met with Republican opposition, because they are in the business of giving billionaires as much of your money as possible.Featured image from cowboyzone.com ",0
8172, This Woman Was Body Shamed By Her Boss And Her Response Was PERFECT (IMAGES),"Oklahoma State University student  Sherene Zarrabi loves fashion. She is so fond of it, in fact, that she found a job working at a clothing store called Danity Hooligan while she went to school. But now her beloved job is a thing of the past and it is all because of one extremely nasty boss, a body-shaming email and the young woman s respect for herself.While she worked at Danity Hooligan she also ran the store s Instagram page. During her down time at work, she would try on some of the store s clothes, snap a picture and post it on the social media website as a form of advertising.High buns and combat boots are my new thing. And apparently mirror selfies are my new thing also. #fallfashion #combatboots #highbun #selfieA photo posted by Sherene Zarrabi (@sherenemarie) on Nov 30, 2015 at 5:28pm PSTWhen I m bored at work, I take shameless mirror pics to show off my extra comfy outfit. Fall clothes make me so happy! ??? #fallfashion #ootdA photo posted by Sherene Zarrabi (@sherenemarie) on Nov 14, 2015 at 11:53am PSTYou d think her boss would be thrilled, right?Apparently, not so much. Instead of rewarding her for the time and effort she put into the business, her boss sent an email to the store manager complaining that Sherene didn t have a  model  figure:The email reads: Something I want to make sure you keep in mind: I want size small, the stereotypical  model  type to model our clothes. Please use our pictures of our models if Stillwater can t find someone who would be considered  model material.  This is not to put anyone down but to communicate the expectations of presenting our brand.Don t take it personal. All I ask is for really good representation. In exchange for the freedom, I ask you to take down all pictures of anyone that doesn t fit the criteria. Don t take it personal ? Really?First of all, this young lady is a beautiful woman and she looked amazing in those clothes. This vile human being was lucky to have such a lovely girl in their clothing.Secondly, no woman should ever be made to feel as if they are not good enough no matter what size they are. Body shaming is disgusting and has no place in our society.Fortunately, Sharene gave zero f*cks what her boss thought of her and she responded by promptly quitting and writing the following statement on Facebook:This is an email I was forwarded earlier. I just want to start by saying this: I am fully comfortable with who I am and the way I look. I have recently been attacked and discriminated against by the owner of Dainty Hooligan. She went on our stores Instagram and deleted all of the pictures where I was modeling the clothing and then sent this email to my manager. I do not want to respresent or support a business that has such archaic values and beliefs. THIS is the reason young girls have body image issues. This is disgusting. I quit immediately and I suggest that my friends and family do not support Dainty Hooligan. Love yourself, no matter what you look like.BRAVO!She is exactly right and the best response to that horrible email was removing herself from such a toxic environment. Frankly, if the store owner does not respect ALL women, they have no business selling clothes to us. Women have enough issues with body image as it is, we really don t need someone else shaming us. Featured image from Facebook; h/t Winning Democrats",0
8173, WATCH: Harney County Trio Releases ‘Ballad Of The Malheur Patriots’,"As the 41 day standoff between federal officials and the Bundy terrorists who occupied Oregon s Malheur National Wildlife Sanctuary finally came to an end, a group calling itself The Harney County Trio released a hilarious tribute to the now arrested  patriots. The trio, identified only as Garrett, Laura and Rob, posted the video to YouTube on February 11, just as the last four Bundy terrorists surrendered to federal authorities.The song, titled The Ballad Of The Malheur Patriots, immortalizes Ammon Bundy and his band of  American Heroes,  paying tribute to the most significant moments that occurred during the occupation.From the group s first desperate plea for supplies, sent out just two days into the siege, to the table full of dicks and dildos they got in response, the ballad is both historically accurate and genuinely hilarious.The video incorporates scenes from the standoff, along with authentic footage of the Malheur Wildlife Sanctuary.During the chorus, the group belts out the heartfelt lines, Patriots, patriots storming a building surrounded by ducks. They didn t stand down. They vowed to stand up, even if they didn t know for what. Watch the video below, courtesy of Adele Comedy on YouTube.While it s definitely not the ballad Bundy and his followers must have hoped would someday be written to immortalize their  brave actions,  it s historical value goes without saying.Decades from now, when the world looks back to reflect on the events surrounding the takeover of the Malheur National Wildlife Sanctuary, this is what our children and our children s children will remember.As for the Bundy terrorists, their delusional ideas of becoming the heroes of future generations will eventually be destroyed by the reality of their own stupid videos and social media posts.So far 24 militants have been charged in connection with the illegal occupation.May those men forever be remembered wherever dicks and dildos are sold.Featured image: screen capture",0
8174, Here’s The Ted Cruz Ad Starring An Adult Film Star He Doesn’t Want You To See (VIDEO),"Ted Cruz s presidential campaign has pulled an ad featuring a softcore adult film star. The ad, titled  Conservatives Anonymous,  was an attack ad focused on Senator Marco Rubio. In the production, a support group for conservatives talks about being betrayed by Rubio and his flip-flop on immigration.One of the conservatives in the group is played by actress Amy Lindsay, who tells the group,  maybe you should vote for more than just a pretty face next time. When they were asked about Lindsay, the Cruz campaign apparently panicked.Lindsay has appeared in several softcore porn films, including Erotic Confessions, Carnal Wishes, Secrets of a Chambermaid, and Insatiable Desires.BuzzFeed News, after learning of Lindsay s prior filmography, requested comment from the Cruz campaign. Cruz spokesman Rick Tyler told BuzzFeed News in a statement that the campaign is taking the ad down and replacing it with a different one. The actress responded to an open casting call. She passed her audition and got the job. Unfortunately, she was not vetted by the production company. Had the campaign known of her full filmography, we obviously would not have let her appear in the ad,  Tyler said.The revelation comes at a bad time for Cruz. He came in third place in the New Hampshire primary after winning the Iowa caucuses, and hopes to capitalize on social conservative support in order to win the South Carolina primary.Cruz was supported by the right-wing conservative Family Leader, who in the past has called for opposition to pornography which it lumped in with abortion and prostitution as a type of  coercion or stolen innocence. The ad had received praise from conservatives and journalists when it was released on YouTube earlier on Thursday.Now the YouTube page for the ad shows that the video  has been removed by the user. Featured image via screen capture",0
8175, WATCH: Eric Garner’s Daughter Tells The World Why She’s Backing Bernie,"Eric Garner s daughter has released a new video in which she endorses Bernie Sanders for president. Erica Garner s father was killed when he was placed in a chokehold by New York City police.In the video, Erica Garner talks about the importance of her family and the struggle of raising her daughter, talking about the problems of racism facing black America in modern times. Garner says she is fighting for racial justice  in honor of her pop-pop  after seeing her father die on national TV. Our people died for this,  Garner continues, saying she s  behind anyone who s going to listen and speak up for us, and I think we need to believe in a leader like Bernie Sanders. We need a president who s going to speak about this,  Garner adds.Eric Garner was selling loose cigarettes when police approached him for selling them without tax stamps. As they went to arrest him, he was put in a chokehold. Garner told them 11 times  I can t breathe,  and he was pronounced dead an hour later.The ad comes as both Sanders and Secretary Clinton are vying for support amongst the black electorate in South Carolina. Unlike the mostly white electorate in New Hampshire and Iowa, about 25 percent of the voters in South Carolina are black. Currently Clinton enjoys an aggregate of 62 percent support in that state, an advantage of 29.5 percent over Sanders.Sanders is hoping to capitalize on the near-tie in the Iowa caucus and his big victory in New Hampshire to eat into Clinton s lead, while also demonstrating that he appeals to more than just white college liberals.The Garner endorsement comes on the same day that Clinton received the backing of the Congressional Black Caucus PAC, announced in a press conference where legendary civil rights leader John Lewis pointed out that he did not personally encounter Sen. Sanders during the heyday of the movement.The Sanders campaign also announced today that actor Harry Belafonte had endorsed the senator.Featured image via YouTube",0
8176, Parents Ban Black History Month Video From School Because Of ‘White Guilt’ (VIDEO),"Thanks to a bunch of parents who cannot handle the truth, a Virginia school district was forced to nix an educational video about racism and inequality from its curriculum after receiving complaints that its message was racially divisive.Using the metaphor of a race track, the video expertly addresses racial disparity in America throughout history in which individual runners encounter various obstacles depending on their race. Created by the African American Policy Forum, the short video has been used hundreds of thousands of times all over America without any issues   up until now.Unfortunately, a few parents in Glen Allen felt it was a  white guilt video  and although officials of Henrico County Public Schools originally stood by the film s much-needed message, those ignorant parents got their way. Two days after saying the video was one component of a thoughtful discussion in which all viewpoints were encouraged,  officials had banned the video, labeling it racially divisive.  They even issued an apology for trying to bring cultural awareness to students!School Board Chair Micky Ogburn said: The Henrico School Board and administration consider this to be a matter of grave concern. We are making every effort to respond to our community. It is our goal to prevent the recurrence of this type of event. School leaders have been instructed not to use the video in our schools. In addition, steps are being taken to prevent the use of racially divisive materials in the future. We do apologize to those who were offended and for the unintended impact on our community. Luke Harris, co-founder of the African American Policy Forum, felt the video was completely appropriate. He said: The video is designed for the general public. We produced something you could show in elementary and secondary schools or in college studies courses. We found that the video has a huge impact on the people that we re showing it to. Most of us know very little about the social history of the United States and its contemporary impact. It was designed as a tool to throw light on American history. It s already a shame that black history is only celebrated one month   the shortest month   out of the entire year, and this proves that even educational videos about the real-life struggles of African Americans don t stand a chance against white privilege. This was a great cartoon that made the obstacles of racism (many of which still exist to this day) easy to understand. Out of the four hundred years of slavery and oppression that black people have had to endure, you would think that the least we could do is watch a four-minute cartoon about it. Feature image via screenshot",0
8177, ‘Sex And The City’ Star Forced To Do CRINGEWORTHY Skit While Trying To Discuss Refugees (VIDEO/TWEETS),"Everyone knows actress Kristin Davis from her role as Charlotte on HBO s smash hit Sex and the City. However, that show ended airing over a decade ago, and Davis has gone on to do amazing things in her life and career, including with the United Nations to address the refugee crisis. She s also dedicated a lot of her life to working in Africa with and their wildlife conservation.So, when Davis appeared on the Australian morning show  Sunrise  to discuss the ongoing refugee crisis, she was met with hosts extremely eager to do a  Sex and the City  sketch instead. An absolutely cringeworthy sketch that Davis seemed to woefully agree to do, despite the reason she was there in the first place. Just take one look at her Twitter timeline and you will see what an extraordinary woman Davis is, and quite honestly, shouldn t have been treated this way.Without further ado, here s the skit:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WkHHeRAuEl0It s not clear whether she was live tweeting from the show, but Davis tweeted this out:@sueconwayc Thank you so much. Hopefully someone will let me talk about @Refugees  Kristin Davis (@KristinDavis) February 10, 2016This was after the show tweeted out that Davis said sarcastically,  This is a first. I have NEVER done this Thankfully, they finally let her talk about her amazing work with the refugees:UNHCR Ambassador @KristinDavis talks about her incredible work with @Refugees #sun7 https://t.co/JoKJ3TRAUU  Sunrise (@sunriseon7) February 11, 2016Several Aussies apologized that they are not all that disrespectful to those in their nation dedicated to such extraordinary work.@KristinDavis So sorry you had to put up with that rubbish. Please don't think that the rest of us in Aus are all like that  X  Tammy Gamble (@tammygamble) February 10, 2016And Davis, being the kind person that she is, acknowledged that fact:@tammygamble I don't think that!  Kristin Davis (@KristinDavis) February 10, 2016@KristinDavis I'm so glad! Just know that the vast majority of us truly care about the message you're trying to spread xo  Tammy Gamble (@tammygamble) February 10, 2016All in all, she was still able to share her very important message, but my god, producers of  Sunrise  in Australia, please don t ever allow that to happen again.Video/Featured image from YouTube",0
8178, Congressional Black Caucus Cries Foul Over Supposed Clinton Endorsement (VIDEO),"Earlier this week, following Hillary Clinton s stunning defeat during the New Hampshire primaries, it was widely reported that the Congressional Black Caucus PAC had endorsed the former Secretary of State.Lost in the media coverage was an important distinction between the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC), made up of 48 elected officials, and the political action committee (PAC) that actually endorsed Clinton.On February 11, Minnesota Congressman Keith Ellison, one of the 48 members of the CBC, posted on Twitter.Cong l Black Caucus (CBC) has NOT endorsed in presidential. Separate CBCPAC endorsed withOUT input from CBC membership, including me.  Rep. Keith Ellison (@keithellison) February 11, 2016Indeed, the CBC PAC not only does not speak for the 48 elected members of Congress, it turns out the committee s board is made up primarily of lobbyists.As reported by The Intercept, members of the PAC s board include eleven lobbyists, two PAC managers, and only seven elected officials.Board members include:According the PAC s website, other board members include:The Intercept also reports:A significant percentage of the $7,000 raised this cycle by the CBC PAC was donated by white lobbyists, including Vic Fazio, who represents Philip Morris and served for years as a lobbyist to Corrections Corporation of America, and David Adams, a former Clinton aide who now lobbies for Wal-Mart, the largest gun distributor in America.The CBC PAC has refused to disclose the process behind the Clinton endorsement, saying only that it came about as the result of a vote from the 20 member board.No specific vote tally has been released by the PAC.Another member of the actual Congressional Black Caucus, Rep. Barbara Lee (CA) spoke about the PAC s endorsement on Democracy Now, saying, Featured image from Rep. Keith Ellison on Twitter",0
8179, Ted Cruz Was Just Trolled By The Master Campaign Troll — Vermin Supreme (VIDEO),"During a campaign stop, Republican primary candidate Ted Cruz was confronted with the most well-known troll in United States politics. In case you are not in on the joke, Vermin Supreme runs in every presidential election. He is a performance artist who pulls stunts that satirize the U.S. election system.The confrontation was hilarious, to say the least. Supreme and a group of his supporters ambushed Cruz, who was standing outside his campaign bus. They swarmed Cruz, carrying handmade  Vermin Supreme 2016  signs. Shouting into a megaphone, Supreme asks Cruz: Ted Cruz, do you agree that the waterboarding water should be fluoridated? Shouldn t we at least fluoridate the water that we use to water board the bad people with? That s Supreme s act in a nutshell. He makes completely ridiculous comments about either real issues or fictional ones. Supreme rose to fame instantly when a video was published online that showed him campaigning on the promise that if he is elected, everyone will get a free pony.Obviously not knowing what the heck is going on, Cruz flees to the safety of his campaign bus. Once inside Supreme shouts into the megaphone towards the bus: Surrender, Ted Cruz, surrender. We have you surrounded. You must surrender immediately. Put your hands in the air and drop your pants for your safety, thank you. Mr. Cruz, why do you hate America? Sir, why do you hate America? Taking shots at both Cruz s religious zealotry and his hawkish foreign policy platform, Supreme concludes the protest/campaign event/performance piece by holding a prayer. Supreme prays that: That, uh, we don t get into any wars, and the war that we do get into against Narnia, that there will not be very many American causalities. The video of the encounter was posted to Twitter. You can watch it below in full.Vermin Supreme trolls Ted Cruzhttps://t.co/sSdA3u9fyd  Independent Journal (@INJO) February 9, 2016 Featured image from video screenshot via Twitter. ",0
8180, Anti-Gay Texas Attorney General Faces Disbarment,"The Texas Bar Association is stepping up to the plate to nail Ken Paxton for violating legal ethics.After the Supreme Court ruled same-sex marriage legal across the nation last summer, some red states threw a collective hissy fit over the decision. In Alabama, state Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore ordered county judges to disobey the highest court in the land.Texas Republicans also threw a temper tantrum, especially Attorney General Ken Paxton, who told county clerks to defy the Supreme Court ruling as well.  I will do everything I can from this office to be a public voice for those standing in defense of their rights,  Paxton vowed a day after the ruling came down. But unlike Moore, Ken Paxton could end up losing his status on the bar.Because he told clerks to violate the law as interpreted by the Supreme Court, the Texas Bar Association has launched an investigation against Paxton for ethics violations.The new investigation against Paxton comes on top of his indictment for committing securities fraud. If convicted, he faces up to 99 years in prison.Houston lawyer Eddie Rodriguez said that the Board of Disciplinary Appeals is looking into whether or not Paxton should be disbarred, which would prevent him from practicing law in the state, provided being thrown in prison doesn t do the trick first. Attorney General Paxton has a right to disagree with a ruling of the Supreme Court,  Rodriguez told Reuters.  Lawyers do that every single day. What makes a difference is that you cannot encourage people to violate that ruling and that law. Of course, Paxton denies being an unethical slug. This complaint has always lacked merit, and we are confident the legal process for resolving these complaints will bear that out,  a statement from his office said.As usual, it will take time for the investigation to run its course before a decision is made, but it s hard to believe a legitimate bar association would allow Paxton to continue being a lawyer since it is clear that he defied federal law and the order of the Supreme Court to let same-sex couples legally marry. If they don t remove him from the bar, what does that say about the ethics of the Texas Bar Association itself?Featured image from texasattorneygeneral.gov",0
8181, Obama Has Something To Say To The Racists Who Didn’t Vote For Him Because He Was Black,"President Obama is nearing the end of his time in office and he s taking stock of everything that has happened since his first election   including a very special message to the people who refused to vote for him based solely on the color of his skin.Back in Illinois to celebrate the ninth anniversary of his entry into national politics, Obama sat down for fascinating interview with Christi Parsons, along with several of Obama s former political mentors. As usual, the President was adamant that the only way forward for America is to end the kind of political partisanship that hampers any progress. Nobody knows this better than he does. The challenges Obama faced as president often came not from natural disasters, hostile enemies, or unforeseen economic setbacks, but simple sabotage from lawmakers who were hoping to score a few cheap political points at the expense of America.This was, after all, the president who dealt with a Congress whose senate leader claimed early into Obama s first term that his number one objective was ensuring Obama lost his next election.But while Obama was characteristically optimistic that America could be better than the ugliness he had seen, it was when the conversation turned to racism that he really delivered the knockout punch. The group was skeptical of whether Obama was the victim of merely partisan bickering or if there was another factor going on. I think they were afraid of you, more so than anybody else. It s one thing   like with George Bush or anybody else, they may think, well, we might suffer through him for two years   or two terms, but I think they were actually afraid of you. They were afraid of you for a couple of reasons. Number one, you were black. And I talk to my Republican friends   and I ve got a lot of them   and that s all they could ever talk about, was the race card, the race. You know,  he s a nice guy,  he s this, he s that, but he s black. Well, get over it. For anyone who has been paying any attention to the way Obama has been treated during his time in office, this should be a familiar story. It s no coincidence that this president is the only one in history to have to deal with years of  serious  reporters on  respected  news networks like Fox (fair and balanced, remember?) suggesting that he might not be from the United States. It s no coincidence that Obama is often depicted at Tea Party rallies in highly racist iconography. Sadly, it may be the 21st century but many Americans still have a HUGE hang up about race.Obama seems aware of all of this, but he turns the tables on the depressing narrative in a brilliant way. Look, I ve always said this, that I have no doubt that there are people who voted against me because of race, or didn t approve of my agenda because of race. I also suspect there were a bunch of people who were excited and voted for me, or I got political benefits because of the notion of the first African American President. So those things cut both ways.I think that a lot of proof that we are a lot further along than we were is I got reelected. So it would be one thing if the first time that it was just an accident. The second time, I won again. And each time I got more votes in consecutive terms. So despite the racism facing him, Obama really has proven just how far America has come. During his first election, nobody knew whether an African-American could successfully be elected. He was. The second election, an unquestionable trouncing of Whitest Guy On Earth Mitt Romney, just proved that things had only gotten better.Obama concludes: So although there s no doubt that there are pockets of the country where some dog whistles blow and there s underlying racial fears that may be exploited, overall, what s more the case I think is just the straight, hardball politics of running against an incumbent and beating the heck out of them and softening them up. Because if a whole bunch of stuff gets done, he s going to get the credit. In other words, after his first election Obama knew that it was time to put up or shut up. The best way to combat the  racial fears  and  dog whistles  was to succeed. It s clear that this strategy has been vindicated. Racism is by no means dead, but Obama s presidency will be defined not in  black and white  terms, but from a long list of victories and accomplishments.No doubt this is rage-inducing for the most racist Americans who had hoped to see the first black president fail. Instead, he proved them wrong and hastened their inevitable extinction. Not bad, Mr. President.Check out the full interview via the LA Times here.Featured image via The White House",0
8182, Denny’s Serves Up A Grand Slam Of Racism By Forcing Black Family To Pre-Pay For Meal," America s Diner  Denny s, has lived up to that title if you are looking at it in the context of how much racism exists in the nation. Henry Williams and Renee Hebert settled in a lawsuit against the company, that stemmed from an incident in 2014 when an L.A. Denny s forced them to prepay for their meal because they were ordering food while black.Williams was told by employees that he would have to hand over the cash in full to cover the meal before his group would be served. Clearly, a group of black individuals going to a restaurant is suspicious enough to assume a conspiracy to do the  dine and dash  is in the works. Surprisingly, Williams decided to actually hand over the money rather than take his business elsewhere. Maybe he really likes the Moons Over My Hammy meal.The ridiculousness of this was so bad, that even the Denny s manager eventually realized how bad his people screwed up and tried to return the money. The manager was so desperate to give the money back that Williams actually had to tell him to stop repeatedly coming over to their table to grovel and hand over the cash because he was being a nuisance. The manager kicked it up a notch by offering free dessert, to which Williams said he wanted to box his food and leave.Williams and Hebert said that nobody else was asked to pre-pay for their meal. In court, a customer that was seated nearby at the time testified that Williams and Hebert handled the situation well: They were black. I m white. I ve never been asked to prepay. I thought it was appalling for someone in that year and time to be discriminated against like that. Denny s tried to argue against the lawsuit because the customers  order was a large one, and the location had other problems with people walking out on checks before. It got pretty damning, though, when the other customer testifying on behalf of Williams said that they had seen the restaurant targeting other black patrons to pre-pay in weeks prior. I bet not every case of these was a  huge order.  Denny s already had a bad reputation in this area, because it had to pay $54 million in 1994 for a case of similar discrimination against black customers.The details of the settlement were not disclosed, but it would be a safe bet that it was more than the cost of a dine-and-dash.Featured image from wikicommons",0
8183, Conservative Pastor Preaches That Women Should Be Banned From Voting And Confined To Their Homes (VIDEO),"Clearly, one big goal of the conservative  Christian  base is to one day strip women of their right to vote and confine them solely to the home.And that s exactly what Arizona pastor Steven Anderson of the Faithful Word Baptist Church preached to his congregation in a video he uploaded to YouTube.In this latest rant, Anderson goes full misogynist, whining about women being able to divorce their husbands, having the right to vote, and having a job outside of the home, all of which he believes only men should have the ability to do. You know what they mean [by women s rights]?  Anderon asked his flock. The right to divorce your husband is what they mean. You know what they mean? The right to rebel and disobey your husband, the right to divorce him, the right to go out and get a job and make your own money, the right to tell him what to do, the right to go vote for our leaders as if women should have any say in how our country is run when the Bible says that  I suffer not a woman to teach, not to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence ?I AM QUOTING THE BIBLE RIGHT NOW!But it s old-fashioned Here s the video via YouTube.This isn t the first time Anderson has been a total dick towards women. He once went on a rant about how women shouldn t be allowed to read, talk, or leave the house without permission from a man. He has even demanded that women keep their mouths shut in church, which makes one wonder how any woman can stand being around this asshole.And he is hardly the first conservative  Christian  hero to call for banning women from voting. Fake historian David Barton has also said that women should be barred from voting because the Bible says that only the head of the household should be allowed to vote on the family s behalf, regardless of what policies or candidates the rest of the family supports.And Republican presidential candidates, from Ted Cruz to Trump to Rubio to Kasich, haven t exactly made it a secret that they have a general disdain for women. All of them have made it clear that women s rights will suffer should any of them become president. And it s because of preachers like Anderson on the Christian right that Republicans have adopted such medieval beliefs about women, which is why it is even more important than ever before that every woman in this country exercise their right to vote. Because if they don t, they may not have that right much longer if conservatives have their way.Featured image: screenshot",0
8184, Iran Makes Damning New Claims About GOP Trying To Sabotage Obama’s Prisoner Exchange,"An explosive allegation has come out of Tasnim News against Republicans. The Secretary of Iran s Supreme National Security council said that the recent prisoner exchange between the U.S. and Iran had an attempt made by Republicans to sabotage it when they requested Iran delay release of the prisoners until the eve of the 2016 election.Ali Shamkhani, Secretary of Iran s Supreme National Security Council, released the following statement: In the course of the talks for exchanging prisoners, the Republican rivals of the current US administration who claim to be humanitarians and advocates of human rights sent a message telling us not to release these people (American prisoners) and continue this process (of talks) until the eve of US presidential elections. However  he said  we acted upon our independent resolve and moved the process forward. Source: Tasnim NewsThis is the second time that the allegations have been raised that Republicans requested Americans were to be held hostage by Iran in order to serve their domestic political interests. The first time came from the suggestion that Republicans conspired with Iran to delay the release of American hostages until Ronald Reagan was inaugurated in 1980. They were to be rewarded for this by Reagan then selling them weapons. This was supposedly done to hurt Carter s re-election while allowing Republicans to claim that the act of electing a Republican made our enemies cower in fear. Iran did end up releasing the hostages 20 minutes after Reagan completed his inaugural address.Now here we are again. There is an upcoming presidential election, Republican prospects look grim as usual and now they might have gotten caught using the same old trick a second time. If this turns out to be true, the consequences could destroy the party.One could discount this by saying it s Iran, and we can t believe what they say because they are an  enemy.  However, if you look at the fact Republicans have admitted to trying to work with Iran to hurt America before, it seems very plausible. Republicans tried to sabotage the Iranian peace deal by contacting Iran directly and suggesting that any peace deal would not last after Obama left office. They have a history of trying to conspire with Iran, for political reasons at home.Republicans are obsessed with hurting this nation, and it s people, in order to create an environment of fear, rage and paranoia. Only in this mindset would Americans ever want to vote them into power.Featured image from Pinterest",0
8185, Right-Wing Terrorist Cliven Bundy Finally Charged In Relation To 2014 Standoff With Feds In Nevada,"It s about damn time.It s been two years since Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy engaged in an illegal armed standoff with federal authorities with the help of right-wing gun nuts.As you ll recall, Bundy threw a temper tantrum after the government began rounding up his cattle because he refused to pay the $1 million in grazing fees and penalties owed to the Bureau of Land Management even after a judge ordered him to do so.Anti-government gun nuts rushed to Bundy s side to prevent him from being arrested and interfered with federal agents who were doing their job.Not only did Bundy and his band of armed militants use women and children as shields, they also used a highway to aim their guns at federal officials and set up unauthorized checkpoints to question and search people.And after two years of seemingly getting away with his illegal rebellion against the government, it appears Bundy is finally going to see the inside of a prison cell for his actions.Bundy was arrested by the FBI on Wednesday at Portland International Airport as he tried to make his way to the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in support of the remaining armed thugs who have refused to surrender since Bundy s sons Ammon and Ryan were arrested at the end of January.According to The Oregonian, Bundy  was booked into the downtown Multnomah County jail  and faces the charge of conspiracy to interfere with a federal officer in relation to his little standoff in 2014.In fact, here is Bundy s mugshot courtesy of The Oregonian.Perhaps this will serve as a lesson to other anti-government gun nuts that the long arm of the law will come for them if they pull more stunts like the one Bundy and his boys have pulled over the years. And maybe the prison time they serve will give them the opportunity to actually read the Constitution they claim to love so much and realize that their claim that the government is violating it is pure bullshit. Featured image from Multnomah County records",0
8186, LIVE: Bundy Terrorist Declares ‘War Against The Federal Government’ Because He Might Be Raped In Jail (LIVE AUDIO),"The Bundy empire has crumbled. Thursday morning, Welfare Cowboy Cliven arrived in Oregon just in time to be arrested for aiding his sons  armed occupation of a federal bird sanctuary. Every militia leader, including Blaine Cooper as of Thursday morning, is in custody. One is dead after he attempted to pull a gun on FBI agents. Cliven Bundy s son Ammon, the leader of the revolution, has called it quits. As of early Thursday, the militants had (with the aid of a Nevada Assemblywoman who thinks cancer is a fungus) agreed to surrender peacefully.But things took an interesting turn after they got a good night s sleep. ISIS-supporting human piece of garbage David Fry decided he no longer wishes to give himself up. I declare war against the federal government.  Fry said during a livestream. There s no way to beat this anymore but liberty or death.  Fry complains that his tax dollars are used to fund abortions (they re not) and that the FBI  allowed  Hillary Clinton to run for President, along with a laundry list of other ridiculous complaints.Fry explained that he is  taking a stand,  that he is willing to risk his life in his rather nonsensical war against the federal government. But his real motivation became clear later:Will the Revolution end in peaceful surrender, or will Fry ruin it all?Listen below:Featured image via screengrab",0
8187, Oregon Judge Politely Mocks Cliven Bundy’s Lunatic Demands (VIDEO),"Last week, Oregon Judge Steve Grasty issued a statement that could be summed up as  Geddafugouttahere!  The statement was directed to head Domestic Terrorist Cliven Bundy who s been overcome with delusions of power. Bundy has declared that the four morons still inside the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge will  retain possession  of the property and he s also demanding that local officials resign because they haven t been America-Lovin  Christian Soldier For Freedom fully supportive of the Bundy militia s seizure of federal property. Judge Gratsy seemed a bit confused as to why some schmuck in Nevada thinks he can dictate the law in Oregon: Last night I got a tweet with a copy of the letter in it from Mr. Cliven Bundy. I looked at that and wondered what does that mean? Perhaps he thinks he owns the refuge. I don t think that s the case. Judge Gratsy also responded to a petition to arrest the officers involved with the 100 percent justified shooting of martyr moron Lavoy Finicum: This isn t a valid petition in any sense of the law that I understand,  Grasty told KOIN 6 News on Tuesday.  That request won t be honored. Even funnier, the  patriots  that have been protesting clearly don t know how to count: Mr. Curtiss said [the petition] it was 200 signatures. What was delivered to us has lines for 150 signatures and it 118 signatures on them,  the judge said. We think we can identify 111 of those as maybe Harney County folks. That sums up the Bundy clown parade perfectly: Ignorant of the law, very angry and very, very stupid. With a lot of guns. What could possibly go wrong?Since this story was first reported on, Cliven Bundy has been arrested for trying to join up with domestic terrorists and the four boneheads at Malhuer are reportedly in the process of surrendering after demanding that they not be arrested.Here s the full story via KOIN6: Featured image via AI Archives",0
8188, Cleveland Bills Tamir Rice’s Family $500 For An UNBELIEVABLE Reason,"On November 22, 2014, 12-year-old Tamir Rice was gunned down by Cleveland police as he played with a toy gun in a park. The officers involved in the shooting were cleared of any wrongdoing, even though they shot the child within seconds of arriving at the park. Now, a year and a half later, the city is doing something so outrageous that even the president of the police union is disgusted: billing his mother for his final ambulance ride.On Wednesday, his family s attorney Subodh Chandra spoke to the press about the $500 bill from the city: The callousness, insensitivity and poor judgment required for the city to send a bill   is breathtaking. This adds insult to homicide. Not only is Chandra horrified by the city s decision to send Tamir s mom, Samaria Rice, a statement for the cost of the ride, so is police union President Steve Loomis, who said: Subodh Chandra and I have never agreed on anything until now. It is unconscionable that the city of Cleveland would send that bill to the Rice family Truly disappointing, but not at all surprising. It s hard to imagine what the city was thinking when they sent his mother that invoice. Ms.Rice said that she believes the city is harassing her because of the civil suit she has against them, and it sure sounds like that.This isn t the first time Cleveland has responded to the little boy s family with such callousness. When Rice filed the lawsuit against the city they blamed Tamir s death on himself, claiming he failed  to exercise due care to avoid injury.  Because apparently it is a child s responsibility to not be shot by a trigger-happy police officer who had a history of mental health problems. This 12-year-old was supposed to know that a cop, someone who was supposed to protect him, was going to shoot him without even speaking to him because he looked  scary. The Department of Justice is still investigating the department and we can only hope that this child finally gets the justice he deserves; we also hope that Samaria Rice prevails in her civil suit and teaches this disgusting city a lesson. Featured image via Addicting Info archives",0
8189, W. Virginia Clerk Screams ‘Abomination!’ At Newlywed Lesbian Couple Because ‘God Was Standing With Me’,"Proving once again that conservative  Christianity  is a religion of pure hate,  a clerk in West Virginia decided it wasn t enough to process the marriage license of a newlywed lesbian couple, she also had to scream her anti-gay religious beliefs at them:Samantha Brookover and Amanda Abramovich went last week to get married, according to the Charleston Gazette-Mail. The couple had loved ones and cameras in tow.The West Virginia couple said Debbie Allen, the deputy clerk who processed their marriage license, gave them a biblical earful. They say Allen huffed and puffed, slammed things around then yelled at them for two or three minutes about her views that what they were doing was wrong in her eyes and God s.Allow me to be blunt for a second: No one, but no one, gives a flying fuck about your views Ms. Allen. They are as abhorrent and ugly as your soul. Period. Got that? Ok, let s move on.This is the lie at the heart of the right s demands for  religious freedom.  They don t just want the freedom to practice their religion (which they already have), they want the  freedom  to impose their religion on everyone around them. They literally feel persecuted because they can t persecute others without consequence.To see this in action, pay attention to what Allen says about her unwanted screed: I just told them my opinion,  she told the paper.  I just felt led to do that. I believe God was standing with me and that s just my religious belief. When people start to pressure Gilmer County, where Allen is employed, to fire or rebuke the clerk in even the mildest fashion, she is going to squeal about  Christian persecution  and she ll be the next Fox News warrior in the fight to defend Christian values  that aren t actually under assault.But at least she didn t try to deny them their marriage license, so that s a bit of progress, right? Murika. Featured image via TheTab.com",0
8190, This Company Uses A Black Model To Promote The Worst Shirt Ever (IMAGES/TWEETS),"Online retailer ASOS has come under fire for their horrible lack of judgment in having a black model wear a t-shirt that has the word  slave  on it in huge letters. For some reason, it never occurred to anyone in the process of approval that this might be considered extremely racist.The t-shirt, which is by the brand Wasted Heroes, was posted to ASOS  website and the internet basically blew up as soon as it was published. It didn t take long before there was enough backlash to encourage the company to remove the photo, as Twitter users reprimanded the company with an onslaught of complaints.Seriously, you have to be pretty dense in order to overlook how bad of an idea this t-shirt and photo was. But apparently, ASOS is fine with being ignorant   the company took zero responsibility for the offense, and instead blamed the manufacturer. A spokesperson for the company offered no apology and simply said: Marketplace is a collection of independent sellers [like Wasted Heroes] who must agree to our terms and conditions when they join. Whenever we find a product that violates our policies we remove it immediately. The company s response on social media was equally underwhelming, and pointed complaints to the manufacturer:Wasted Heroes didn t do much better, but they at least admitted that the decision was  extremely stupid of us. The company s weak attempt at an apology was overshadowed by the suggestion that shoppers had misinterpreted the shirt. When you go to Wasted Heroes  website, you can see the same t-shirt alongside other slave-themed merchandise   although the shirts are hanging from a bar and chains instead of people.One has to wonder how such monstrous mistakes go unnoticed and make it all the way to a company s website without one person raising a red flag. This is ASOS  second strike within the last few months   last October, the company was criticized for selling bindis in their site s Halloween section.There have been several instances of other retailers making similar racist or culturally clueless mistakes. In 2014, Zara had to remove a children s shirt because it bared resemblance to concentration camp uniforms. A few years before that, Adidas was forced to pull a pair of trainers before they even got to stores because the shoes included Velcro shackles, which caused outrage for being reminiscent of shackles worn by prisoners or slaves.Companies need to do better. There s no reason why something as racist, offensive and culturally inappropriate as these examples should make it all the way up the chain of commands and onto shelves or websites. Featured image via ASOS website",0
8191, Jimmy Fallon Debuts His Bernie Sanders Impression and It’s Hilarious (VIDEO),"The Tonight Show s Jimmy Fallon debuted his impersonation of Senator Bernie Sanders, and it was hilarious and spot-on. After Sander s resounding victory in New Hampshire on Tuesday, Fallon-as-Sanders gave his victory speech. Repeatedly telling the crowd to be stop clapping, Fallon-as-Sanders said: I m speaking tonight to claim victory in the New Hampshire primary over She Who Must Not Be Named. New Hampshirites showed the world that you are good, decent people, even though you live in towns that sound like 18th-century porn stars.[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ua3aNP19ah8]Fallon-as-Sanders told the crowd that they wanted a candidate who  looks like a Scooby-Doo villain before his mask is removed  and that they got one in Sanders. He said that he feels like  a million bucks, which of course means I will now evenly distribute myself among the middle class. Fallon already has a Trump impersonation he often does on the show but his debut of Sanders is an indication of the senator s rising star and his popularity among voters, especially younger generations, who regularly watch Fallon s show.If the resounding victory in New Hampshire is an indication of things to come, Fallon will be doing plenty of impersonations of Sanders victory speeches both in the primaries and in the general election in November. Featured image via screenshot",0
8192, The Amazing White Right-Wing Entitlement Of The Oregon Militants,"As of this writing, there are 4 heavily armed morons still in the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Harney county, Oregon. The FBI has the place surrounded and it s finally occurred to the  patriots  inside that the only way they re leaving is in handcuffs or body bags. Listening to the livestream ravings of the group, this is a shocking revelation:Surrounded by FBI, ISIS supporter David Fry yelled at an FBI negotiator: You re going to hell. Kill me. Get it over with. We re innocent people camping at a public facility, and you re going to murder us. The only way we re leaving here is dead or without charges,  Fry said during the night s ravings.Just so we re all on the same page, these people seized a government building, threatened to kill anyone that entered, and did a great deal of property damage, all while being allowed to hold press conferences. PRESS CONFERENCES! But to them, they were just camping. With guns. And death threats. And no snacks.They sound exactly like a kid that s locked himself in the bathroom and refuses to come out until mommy and daddy promise not to punish him for setting the curtains on fire.Now that their playtime is coming to an end, they truly, honestly, deep down, don t understand why they can t just pack up and go home. Ask a black person, a Latino or a Muslim if they would be allowed to leave unharmed much less not under arrest and they would quite possibly die from laughter.But these are white right wingers and this is  their  country! How DARE someone hold them accountable to the law?! Those laws exist to keep Those People in line! They re not supposed to keep white right wingers from doing whatever the hell they want! This. Is. TYRANNY!For frak s sake! Cliven Bundy, head moron, was arrested trying to join up with the 4 morons at the refuge. I guarantee he was outraged at the very idea of not being allowed to join an armed standoff.If the FBI is lucky, the militants  fear will outweigh their indignation and they ll surrender peacefully. If not, they re all going to die under the false belief that they re being unjustly murdered for exercising their rights. Rights that they don t seem to understand only exist for white conservatives and for absolutely no one else.I hope for the sake of law enforcement all over the country that no one dies. The militia movement is already trying to turn LaVoy Finicum into a martyr even though he was clearly seen reaching for his gun. How many cops will be assassinated in the name of 4 more dead morons at the hands of the FBI? How many federal buildings will be blown up this time?And finally: How long will we keep pretending that America doesn t have a serious domestic terrorism problem and that it s not coming almost exclusively from the overly-entitled right wing?Featured image via AI archives.",0
8193, Colbert Grills Sanders On His ‘Revolution For America’ — Sanders’ Response Is Brilliant (VIDEO),"Senator Bernie Sanders made an appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert a day following his landslide win in New Hampshire and he was riding high. Colbert resurrected his former conservative Colbert Report character, playing devil s advocate by grilling  the senator on his polices, even suggesting that he was promoting  class warfare.  Colbert said that trying to take power away from the 1% was not going to be easy.  I ll tell you how I know, I am in the top 1 percent.  Colbert also warned of revolution which Sanders advocates by quoting John F. Kennedy. He said: Those who make peaceful revolution impossible make violent revolution inevitable. Sanders, however, rejected the idea that his revolution would go bad. He said: What the goal of this campaign is about is to look at the Civil Rights Movement, look at the women s movement, look at the gay movement, understand that when people come together we can accomplish enormous things. But I think what people are saying is enough is enough. We need fundamental changes in our political system and our economic system. Sanders is right. Thinking outside of the box is what creates both innovation and change and Sanders sums it up perfectly: We used to have a segregated society. African-Americans couldn t go to schools, couldn t drink at water fountains. Millions of people stood together and said,  Hey, enough is enough. That is not what America is supposed to be about. Americans are on board with Sanders  message. He s scored a resounding victory in New Hampshire, especially with America s youth, collecting 86% of the vote in the 18-24 age bracket. Bernie Sanders is not only running for the presidency, but thus far he s winning.Watch the video below:Featured image via video screen capture ",0
8194, Justice Dept. Has Had Enough — Sues Ferguson Over Police Misconduct,"The Department of Justice laid down the law on Wednesday and announced that they have had enough and they are suing Ferguson for police misconduct. The decision to sue came after the Ferguson City Council voted on Tuesday to change the terms of a deal that had been negotiated over seven months.The DOJ began investigating Ferguson police after 18-year-old Michael Brown was killed by former police officer Darren Wilson. Although Wilson was cleared of any wrongdoing, federal authorities found a pattern of abuse and systematic racism within the department.For seven months federal authorities and the city hashed out a deal to fix the problems within the police department. In a tentative agreement the city agreed to hire consultants to train officials, require every officer to have a dash or body cam, abide by specific guidelines for when officers can stop and question people on the streets, along with a number of other things. On Tuesday, though, the city suddenly decided that they wanted to alter the agreement. Shortly after the vote, the feds released a statement: The Ferguson City Council has attempted to unilaterally amend the negotiated agreement,  Vanita Gupta, head of the agency s Civil Rights Division, said in a statement.  Their vote to do so creates an unnecessary delay in the essential work to bring constitutional policing to the city, and marks an unfortunate outcome for concerned community members and Ferguson police officers. On Wednesday, Attorney General Loretta Lynch dropped the lawsuit on the brilliant city council. She told reporters, We intend to aggressively prosecute this case and we intend to prevail.  She continued: The residents of Ferguson have suffered the deprivation of their constitutional rights, the rights guaranteed to all Americans, for decades. They have waited decades for justice. They should not be forced to wait any longer These violations were not only egregious, they were routine. They were encouraged by the city in the interest of raising revenue. They were driven, at least in part, by racial bias and they occurred disproportionately against African-American residents of Ferguson. The fact is, the city has failed the people of Ferguson on so many levels and now they are going to waste millions of dollars trying to fight the federal government because THEY tried to play fast and loose with the DOJ. They knew that their actions on Tuesday would result in litigation, but they took it as seriously as they take protecting people in their city.Hopefully, the citizens of Ferguson are able to get rid of each and every one of the council members who played a role in this vote. Featured image from Wikipedia",0
8195, DNC Insiders Vote To Take Bernie’s Win In New Hampshire Away From Him (IMAGES),"You may or may not know this, but the Democratic National Committee (DNC) has a system in place that s capable of overriding the will of the people when the popular vote doesn t quite match up with what the  establishment  has in mind. Due to DNC rules put into place, party elites have chosen to award Hillary Clinton an equal amount of delegates in New Hampshire even though Bernie Sanders won by an overwhelmingly large margin. Pretty messed up, huh? Yes, it is. But   there s more you need to know before panicking entirely (although you should panic a little).New Hampshire has a total of 24  pledged  delegates that go to the winner of the primaries. Since Bernie won 60.4% of the vote, he was awarded 15 of those, and Clinton only 9. But, party officials in the state are given 8  superdelegates  and are free to choose whichever candidate they like. Six of those insider party officials are throwing their support behind Clinton while two remain undecided. If you do the math, that means that the DNC is technically overriding the will of the voters and making the state an even call between the both of them.Pic via AP.Don t blame Hillary Clinton, though. While there is substantial evidence of DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz being personally tied to Clinton (she was the co-chair of Clinton s 2008 campaign after all), these rules were put in place back in 1984. The whole point of the superdelegate system was to make sure  unelectable  candidates wouldn t get elected. That s a good thing. Remember George McGovern? He was beaten so bad by Nixon, the Democratic Party felt like it needed to do something, and this is what they eventually came up with. Bernie Sanders is electable, though, and you d think the establishment is just now starting to get that. The momentum he s currently receiving (and fundraising) is unbelievable   far more than anyone could have ever imagined just six months ago.The truth is (and no fault to Sanders), but Clinton began the race with an enormous amount of support still left intact from her 2008 run against Barack Obama. Due to her expansive campaign reach, she has been able to gain favor early on with most party insiders from the get go. And, yes, they still support her. Bernie s momentum is definitely happening, but so far that hasn t changed how the rules are set up. And   right now, because of the rules, Clinton has that advantage.Pic via New York Times.There is good news, though. Even though technically Clinton received the same number of delegates as Sanders, taking away the kind of win needed to secure enough delegates from the state, he still won the popular vote. And that s important no matter what anyone claims to tell you. Here s why: the popular vote will decide the election overall. Clinton started with an overwhelming amount of support, true, but 4,051 of the ordinary, popular vote delegates are allocated based on the voters, not the party. And   it only takes 2,282 to secure the nomination. If it ever came down to it, and Bernie somehow received more of the popular vote than Clinton, the superdelegates should, in theory, back Bernie. If they didn t, it would cause chaos. Don t ever plan on that happening, though   the DNC isn t that stupid.The DNC establishment, with their early superdelegate total factoring in, might make it seem like Bernie has an uphill battle, but the voters will largely determine the overall outcome. Unfortunately, as of right now, though, Bernie didn t win the overwhelming majority of delegates like the citizens of New Hampshire democratically went to the polls for. But, that s the DNC s rules for you.Featured image from Flickr.",0
8196, Cliven Bundy Was Just ARRESTED As He Tried To Join Terrorists In Oregon,"If you ve been wondering how long it would be before Cliven Bundy was finally arrested, you ll be happy to know that just happened. No, you re not dreaming. Yes, the tea you drank was just tea (as far as you know), and you are not hallucinating. Cliven Bundy has been arrested. While he was given a free pass after he organized an armed standoff with the federal government at his ranch because he didn t feel he should pay heavily-subsidized and discounted grazing fees, the FBI finally cracked down on the Welfare Cowboy we love to mock as he attempted to join the remnants of his sons  army in Oregon.Earlier this week, Bundy announced his intention to go to Oregon, but when he attempted to act out his fantasy of rekindling the revolution with an ISIS supporter who joined the occupation of a federal bird sanctuary and his buddies, law enforcement moved in. Oregon Live reports:Cliven Bundy, the Nevada rancher who touched off one showdown with federal authorities and applauded another started in Oregon by his sons, was arrested late Wednesday at Portland International Airport.Bundy, 74, was booked into the downtown Multnomah County jail at 10:54 p.m.The Bundy Ranch Facebook page reported Bundy was surrounded by SWAT officers and detained after his arrival.For those who still feel this is too good to be true, here is his booking information:Shortly after Bundy s arrest, the Bundy Ranch Facebook page posted the terrible, terrible, not very good news:The militants Bundy attempted to join did not have a good night either. Surrounded by FBI, ISIS supporter David Fry yelled at an FBI negotiator: You re going to hell. Kill me. Get it over with. We re innocent people camping at a public facility, and you re going to murder us. The only way we re leaving here is dead or without charges,  Fry said during the night s ravings. Ultimately, however, the four remaining militants agreed to surrender in the morning after they have had some snacks.The terrorists will turn themselves in, flanked by Evangelical icon Franklin Graham and Nevada Assemblywoman Michele Fiore, who believes that cancer is a fungus that can be washed out with baking soda   a fitting escort for people who think they can give people more freedumbs by taking over a bird sanctuary.While it may seem an unfortunate night for the Revolution, at least Cliven can have a family reunion with his sons, who are also in jail along with more than a dozen of their compatriots.Featured image via screengrab",0
8197, Here’s What Beyoncé Has Done For The Homeless While Supposed Christians Tear Her Down,"It looks as though the conservative target of choice this week to throw all their blind rage at is legendary artist Beyonc . After all, she had the audacity to perform at the Super Bowl and sing a song that points out police brutality. Something many conservatives don t want to admit actually exists against people of color.However, as they want to go after Beyonc  for being a woman of color with a powerful platform to get an important message across, what exactly are these conservatives doing to make the world a better place? Because as far as I can tell, Beyonc  has actually been the one doing just that for a long, long time.As Beyonc  uses her success to spread awareness, she s also using her earnings to make sure the homeless in Houston have a place to live. In fact, she gave $7 million over several years to help fund  Knowles Temenos Place Apartments  which helps house those who have been displaced. She, alongside her family and fellow Destiny s Child alum Kelly Roland, began this project in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.In Houston, it s actually illegal to feed the homeless. On top of that, it s illegal for the homeless to go in search of food for themselves. It s seems as if it s a pretty heartless society, and Beyonc  is actually stepping up where society has let these people down.Texas, that prides itself of on conservatism, even more so on their conservative Christianity, is letting their citizens down. While they love to boast that they re welcoming to business, they clearly are not welcome to much of anything else. Well, at least if you don t have money. However, part of being good Christians should be adhering to the teachings of the Bible, something Beyonc  seems to have actually taken to heart by taking action. After all, in the Bible, Jesus told everyone to take care of the sick and shelter the needy. Conservatives have seemed to have lost that message somewhere along the way while they were hating immigrants, the poor and needy, and while telling sick people if they can t afford healthcare, well, too bad.So, maybe next time, before criticizing someone for performing and speaking truth to power on a stage being broadcast around the world, just because it s difficult for you to hear and wrap your head around. Maybe, just maybe, listen to what s being said. Maybe, just maybe, realize there s an epidemic of police brutality that makes all the good officers look bad as well, and something needs to be done. And maybe, just maybe, realize the person who you are criticizing is a person you should emulate and appreciate for all they are doing for communities, those around her, and pretty much all of society. Then maybe, just maybe, you ll see something you ve never seen before   faith, hope and love. The pillars of the Christian faith that conservatives boast so proudly, but have failed at actually achieving.Featured image: Wikimedia Commons",0
8198, Glenn Beck Anchor In Race Attack On Beyoncé For Super Bowl Show (VIDEO),"An anchor for Glenn Beck s TV network, The Blaze, is the latest right-wing media figure to attack Beyonc  for her Super Bowl halftime performance.Tomi Lahren, who hosts the show Tomi, used her program to berate Beyonc s work. Lahren, 23, argues that,  Your husband was a drug dealer. For fourteen years, he sold crack cocaine. Talk about protecting black neighborhoods? Start at home. https://youtu.be/cwVnDRx8EikThat is a reference to Beyonc s husband, rapper and rap mogul Jay Z. The strange bit is that Lahren is referring to behavior Jay Z engaged in when he was a teenager. He is now 46 years old, and has had a multi-decade career topping music charts, producing some of the biggest names in music, working in fashion and other industries. He is worth an estimated $520 million, and has sold over 100 million records and received 21 Grammy Awards.Lahren has inadvertently made a point about the racial injustice and prejudice Beyonc  was alluding to in her performance and in the song  Formation,  when she reduces Jay Z s life to his teenage mistakes   which he has been very open about in his work   and ignores his business success and philanthropy (he was part of a $1 million donation to rebuild New Orleans after Katrina, for instance).She joins other conservatives like former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani in attacking Beyonc s performance for having the nerve to bring up Hurricane Katrina, black pride, and police shootings of black civilians.The mindset being promoted by Lahren in this attack definitely fits in with former Fox News host Glenn Beck, who welcomed her to The Blaze  family  in October of last year after several of her right-wing video rants went viral.Beck, who is still heard on the radio after a cascade of dropped sponsors pushed Fox to cancel his show. Has a history of racially charged remarks. He said President Obama had a  deep-seated hatred of white people,  claimed progressives were pushing for a  race war,  promoted a book written by an anti-semite, and repeatedly claimed Obama was trying to enslave people.Featured image via YouTube",0
8199, Trump Brags About His HUGE Tax Return: ‘I Fight Like Hell Not To Pay’ Taxes (VIDEO),"Clearly riding the high off of his New Hampshire victory, Republican front runner Donald Trump announced that he would be releasing his tax returns in the next few months, foolishly admitting that he fights  like hell  to avoid paying his dues to the government like the rest of America.In an interview with NBC s Matt Lauer and Savannah Guthrie, Trump bragged that although they were  being worked on , his tax returns were taking longer than usual because they are the  biggest ever in the history of what we are doing.  The real estate mogul also said that once his  very big tax returns  finally make their public debut, people will probably be shocked at how little he pays. He boasted: I fight like hell not to pay (taxes). I hate the way the government spends my money. Trump didn t seem to think this was much of a problem, and commended himself on being more crooked than other tax-paying politicians: I fight like hell not to pay a lot of tax, and you know what? Every politician probably does. I ve watched others where they say,  Oh, I want to pay [tax]. In the same interview, Trump defended himself for calling Texas Senator Ted Cruz a  p*ssy , explaining that it wasn t the worst thing in the world and that he was just  having a good time.  He also said that because he stood up against political correctness by being himself and just saying whatever batsh*t crazy thing came to mind,  people went out and voted for me, and that s why we got, you know, the numbers we did  when talking about his New Hampshire victory.This interview is hardly the first time Trump has confessed to not paying as much as others in taxes. Last year, Trump said in an interview with CBS  Face The Nation: I fight like hell to pay as little as possible for two reasons. Number one, I m a businessman. And that s the way you re supposed to do it. The other reason is that I hate the way our government spends our taxes. I hate the way they waste our money. Trillions and trillions of dollars of waste and abuse. And I hate it. But building that racist $8 billion border wall isn t wasteful? ",0
8200, Jay Carney Let It Slip That He Knows Who Obama Wants As His Successor,"Former White House Press Secretary in the Obama administration Jay Carney is sure he knows who the president wants for his successor: Hillary Clinton. President Obama has yet to hand out any official endorsements during this primary season, but, of course, like all major political players, he has his favorite. Carney is sure that person is Hillary. He said to Brooke Baldwin on CNN: I don t think there is any doubt that he wants Hillary to win the nomination and believes that she would be the best candidate in the fall and the most effective as president in carrying forward what he s achieved. I think the President has signaled, while still remaining neutral, that he supports Secretary Clinton s candidacy and would prefer to see her as the nominee. He won t officially embrace her unless and until it s clear that she s going to be the nominee. I think he is maintaining that tradition of not intervening in a party primary. Smartly, the president is refusing to comment on what Jay Carney has said. However, he s done all but given an official nod to Hillary as the primary race heats up. President Obama will likely give the nod to whomever gets the nomination, as we all want a Democrat in the White House. However, he wants Hillary to be that person. That much is pretty clear.It s hard for anybody to speak for President Obama, of course, but his former Secretary of State seems to be his pick. Hopefully, we find out for sure in short order, but it s pretty smart for a sitting president not to endorse one of his party s candidates over the other while waiting to see who actually gets the nomination, especially in a close, neck-in-neck race. He must be pretty antsy, though, being unable to endorse right away.No worries, Mr. President. The primaries will be over soon, and you can speak your piece then.Featured image via screen capture from Flickr",0
8201, Hillary Clinton Snags Coveted Endorsement Of The Congressional Black Caucus,"If there was any doubt about whether or not Hillary Clinton had the black vote locked up, said doubts are sure to be squashed now. The Congressional Black Caucus will formally endorse the former Secretary of State for president on Thursday morning, according to The Washington Post. Endorsing isn t all they are doing, either.Following the planned meeting with the Democratic National Committee to officially hand Clinton their nod, Caucus leaders will send their troops out into states where the black vote is a make-or-break situation to make sure that they have as much support for their candidate as possible. They are intensely focused on South Carolina, where getting the black vote out will definitely be a boost for whichever candidate takes that state s primary. From the Washington Post: It s one thing to endorse and do nothing. It s another thing to endorse and to go to work,  said Rep. Gregory Meeks (D-N.Y.), chairman of the CBC PAC. These lawmakers are, Meeks said,  people that can actually testify [to] the work that Hillary Clinton has done. This is so true. Endorsements hold power, but the work that goes along with them is just as   if not more than   important. A whopping 90 percent of the Congressional Black Caucus is on board with endorsing Clinton. Rep. G.K. Butterfield (D- NC), who chairs the Caucus, says of the endorsement of Clinton over Sanders, despite the fact that Sanders  message is popular with young progressives: Many of these are first-time voters and Senator Sanders  message resonates with the younger generation because of the promises that he is making. But Mrs. Clinton and others are going to challenge the message by suggesting that it is unrealistic to believe that we can accomplish all of the things that Senator Sanders proposes. They need to understand that when a candidate presents a message, you ve got to pierce the message to determine whether or not it s realistic, given the political climate that we live in. It s not a negative, it s not an aspersion on the new voter. It s the fact that many of them are inexperienced and have not gone through a presidential election cycle before. And that is what is important   they aren t against Sanders just because they are for Clinton. It is important for folks here on the left to realize you can support one candidate over the other during the primary, but to ultimately vote blue in November.Congratulations, Secretary Clinton!Featured image via Hillary Clinton Twitter",0
8202," BREAKING: FBI Surrounding Oregon Terrorists, ‘Cancer Is A Fungus’ Assemblywoman Coming To Save Them (VIDEO)","It s happening. The incredibly stupid saga that is the right-wing occupation of Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon is drawing to a close.Surrounded by FBI agents, the remaining four holdouts called conservative activist Gavin Seim to provide a livestream of what they view as their final moments.  You guys killed LaVoy, you let Hillary continue to run for President, you let Obama bring terrorists into our country!  militant David Fry yelled at FBI negotiators as the militants reminded federal agents that the occupiers would open fire if law enforcement attempted to move against them.As time went on, Nevada Assemblywoman Michele Fiore   the one who thinks cancer is a mold and can simply be flushed out of a body   joined the call, but she is so unimportant the FBI repeatedly refused to speak to her. As I write this, Fiore is still attempting to negotiate   and it is hilarious.Listen to the worst   and one of the most hilarious   soap operas in history unfold below:Featured image via screengrab",0
8203, Planned Parenthood Tells Carly Fiorina To Go F*ck Herself On The Way Out The Door (TWEETS),"If you have not heard, lying,  baby parts -obsessed windbag Carly Fiorina has dropped out of the presidential race. This is, of course, completely unsurprising given her poll numbers, which have traditionally been firmly in the gutter ever since it became common knowledge that the felons who created her favorite propaganda videos had heavily and deceptively edited them.On Wednesday, Fiorina joined fellow (former) 2016 hopeful Chris Christie in dropping out of the race. While I suspend my candidacy today, I will continue to travel this country and fight for those Americans who refuse to settle for the way things are and a status quo that no longer works for them,  Fiorina said as she pretended she has accomplished anything more than helping convince a right-wing terrorist to shoot up a Planned Parenthood facility in Colorado.As part of her outgoing message to  girls and women across the country,  Fiorina made it clear that females should not feel they have  to vote a certain way or for a certain candidate because you re a woman  (*cough*HillaryClinton*cough*).Planned Parenthood, the organization Fiorina has chosen to spend nearly every waking hour maligning, also had an outgoing message for the failed former Hewlett-Packer CEO. It wasn t  Bye, Felicia,  but it might as well have been. Farewell to @CarlyFiorina,  the women s health organization said in a tweet.  It turns out you can t flat-out lie to the American people about Planned Parenthood. Farewell to @CarlyFiorina. It turns out you can t flat-out lie to the American people about Planned Parenthood. pic.twitter.com/13TxefxnV2  Planned Parenthood (@PPact) February 10, 2016Fiorina may be gone, but the fight against anti-abortion extremists will surely continue   a fight we absolutely must win. The best way to protect women is to vote in November. The next President will appoint as many as four Supreme Court justices. This, of course, has the power to swing the power heavily in favor of regressive, or progressive, policies. In other words, if we want women to continue to have dominion over their own bodies, we must vote BLUE in November.Featured image via screengrab (1,2)",0
8204, One Of Bernie Sanders’ Biggest Critics Explains Why He Is Voting For Him (VIDEO),"Ta-Nehisi Coates sat down with an interview with Amy Goodman on Democracy Now! on Wednesday, where he said that he  will be voting for Sen. Sanders.  This endorsement is particularly interesting, due to some very real criticisms Coates wrote about Sanders earlier this month.Coates is a correspondent for The Atlantic and won the 2015 National Award winner for his book, Between the World and Me. His essay, The Case for Reparations, is a must read. Late into last January, Coates wrote about some of his frustrations with Sanders  lack of willingness to publicly support reparations for slavery.The criticism of Sanders is one that is both new and old. As Coates notes, people are beginning to look at the issue of reparations from a new historical lens. That new lens is what fuels most of Coates  critique of Sanders  stance on reparations.  That being said, there has always been tension between all the flavors of the black liberation movement, with all of the flavors of the revolutionary left.Coinciding with the rise of the New Democrats, this is an old feud that has largely been missing from the mainstream political discussion for several decades. Indeed, the fact that this debate is once again seeing the light of day is a very good thing to happen. A synthesis of diverging thoughts cannot occur if they are neglected.During the interview, Coates says that he is stunned by the rise of Sanders. Goodman asks Coates why he is stunned. His response is revealing: Well, I think, had you told me this like a year ago, I certainly would not have expected, you know, an avowed socialist to be putting up these sorts of numbers and actually be contending for the Democratic Party nomination. But I think it s awesome. You know, I think it s great. You know, like a lot of people, I m very, very concerned about Senator Clinton s record. I m very, very concerned about where her positions were in the 1990s, when we had some of the most disgusting legislation in terms of our criminal justice, really, in this country s history. I get really, really concerned when I see somebody taking $600,000 in speaking fees from Goldman Sachs, will not release what they re actually saying. That s concerning. And so, having options, not having this be a coronation, I think, is a good thing. So, I m stunned, but I m pleasantly stunned. The interview should be a treat to watch for anyone on the left.You can watch the entire interview in full, below.Featured image video screenshot via Democracy Now! ",0
8205, Trump Just Added Assassination To His List Of Presidential Promises,"Well, here we go again. Donald Trump saying something weird, stupid or offensive has become as common as the sun rising. Despite that, he just keeps managing to take things up one more notch on the ladder of inflammatory nonsense.Today s new normal in stupidity comes with Trump s declaration that he would be open to arranging the assassination of world leaders that he doesn t like. This was revealed when he said that he would make China assassinate Kim Jong Un, the leader of North Korea.Trump elaborated a bit on his plan for forcing another country to assassinate people. However, he failed to explain exactly how he could force another sovereign nation to actually do something so asinine: I would get China to make that guy [Kim Jong Un] disappear in one form or another very quickly. China has control, absolute control of North Korea. They don t say it, but they do, and they should make that problem disappear  China is sucking us dry. They re taking our money, they re taking our jobs and doing so much. We have rebuilt China with what they ve taken out. We have power over China. China should do that. Source: InquisitrWe all know it isn t a big shock when Republicans, Trump in particular, simply don t know what the hell they are talking about. However, on this one, Trump really does take the cake. State-arranged assassination is illegal in the U.S. and has been for decades. Gerald Ford banned it via executive order in 1976, and Jimmy Carter strengthened the ban again in 1978. Executive Order 12036 lays it out plain as day.2-305. Prohibition on Assassination. No person employed by or acting on behalf of the United States Government shall engage in, or conspire to engage in, assassination.Source: fas.orgThis follows promises by Trump to not only bring back waterboarding but to also include new and unspecified methods of torture that he calls  a hell of a lot worse. Do you know who else assassinates people and tortures  enemies of the state?  North Korea. Will Trump get so bad that he advocates for the assassination of himself? It would be ironic.Featured image from alan.com",0
8206, Sanders Fans Break Fundraising Site After NH Primary Win (VIDEO/TWEETS),"After Bernie Sanders  win in New Hampshire on Tuesday night, so many people contributed to his campaign that ActBlue, the fundraising service used by Democratic candidates, is having trouble processing the donations. That s because during his victory speech, Sanders said: I m not going to New York City to host a fundraiser on Wall Street. Instead, I m going to hold a fundraiser right here, right now, across America. My request is please go to BernieSanders.com and contribute. So there it is, that s our fundraiser. Pretty quick,  Sanders concluded. That  fundraiser  brought in more than $5.1 million dollars in one night for Sanders.  It was a Yuuuge night for the Democratic candidate.Here is the victory speech that broke the internet:Sanders supporters took to Twitter to complain that their contributions were not going through. Act Blue is doing the best they can to deal with the new flood of donations being sent to Sanders.Huge night! Contributions are processing, receipts are a little delayed. Keep the donations coming!!  ActBlue (@actblue) February 10, 2016Our customer service team is always available for support. Just email [email protected] and someone will get back to you.  ActBlue (@actblue) February 10, 2016 ActBlue laid out what happened to cause the issues, in a blog post: Last night s spontaneous fundraiser (the one that raised $5.2 million in less than a day) broke our external processor s response systems. That s some amazing grassroots power. Like we said, we over-prepare, so we were ready for that. But the vendor started giving us a previously undocumented error message, which temporarily caused some donors to not move from the  please wait  page to the confirmation page even though their contributions were already fully processed As a certain hilarious SNL skit pointed out, we all know that Bernie Sanders  average campaign donation is $27 dollars. The people-powered campaign has already smashed President Obama s previous record for the highest number of contributions. The fact that people are making smaller donations to Sanders  campaign gives the candidate a huge advantage in terms of grassroots fundraising. Since very few people have donated the maximum amount they can, supporters can continue to donate to Sanders  campaign throughout the primary season.That might have something to do with why Sanders  raised more money than Hillary Clinton s campaign in January. In January, Sanders received $20 million dollars in donations, while Clinton raised $15 million dollars.Rest assured, anxious Berners.  The campaign s site is up and running and this shouldn t be a problem anymore. Be happy, this is  probably the best problem any candidate could ever have during an election.Featured image from video screenshot via YouTube",0
8207, Heidi Cruz Seems POSITIVE Her Husband Is The Second Coming Of Christ (AUDIO),"When thinking about the qualities of someone who should be president, it should be someone who embraces the founding principles as mentioned in our founding documents. Someone who respects freedom of speech, freedom of and from religion, equality under the law, and so on.When thinking about the qualities of Senator Ted Cruz, he doesn t seem to embody much, if any, of those founding principles as they are written. However, he does embody the principles he imagines in his head of what the founders actually meant. He thinks the nation was founded on  Judeo-Christian  principles, and sure, while some of the founders were Christian, many were Deist and didn t believe in the deification of Jesus as mentioned in the Christian Bible.However, Cruz, and several of those who seem to believe what they will about the Constitution and our founders, will continue to wrongfully tout the line that we re a Christian nation. One of those individuals being the Texas senator s wife.While speaking to South Carolina radio host Vince Coakley, Heidi Cruz first told us all the qualities that embody her husband: a man of faith, a believer, a constitutionalist, defender of values, and doesn t waver from his beliefs. However, then she goes on and says something that one can only assume is her declaring Ted Cruz as the second coming of Christ. She said: When I thought about doing it for our country, it became very clear to me that our family must be in this race. And it also became clear to me that we are at a cultural crossroads in our country and if we can be in this race to show this country the face of the God that we serve   this Christian God that we serve is the foundation of our country, our country was built on Judeo-Christian values, we are a nation of freedom of religion, but the God of Christianity is the God of freedom, of individual liberty, of choice and of consequence.And I think that s something that this country really needs to be reminded of, is that Christians are loving people, are nonjudgmental people, but there is right and wrong, we have a country of law and order, there are consequences to actions and we must all live peaceably in our own faiths under the Constitution. And Ted is uniquely able to deliver on that combination of the law and religion. Ted Cruz is going to show us the  face of God ?? What the heck kind of language is that? And if we don t elect her husband, we re going against God? How about this, let s not use any God as a political prop to garner votes in a flailing campaign. Which is exactly what the Cruz family seems to be doing.Oh, and if we re to live in a nation that respects  freedom of religion  that s all religions or lack there of. However, that freedom does not allow any religion to legislate by its religious principles. So while many are terrified of Sharia Law, which is not allowed, neither is Christian Law. Freedom of religion is the freedom to worship whatever you want on your own time as long as you re not harming others. Now, if someone comes into your place of worship and tells you that you can t worship your God, well then that would actually be a violation of your freedom. However, that s not happening, so all this  religious freedom  malarkey is being drummed up to rile up a base of voters that don t know any better. And if she thinks her husband is  nonjudgmental  she must not be listening to the same guy we ve all been subject to hearing for far too long now.No, Heidi, your husband won t show us the  face of God    he s not the second coming of Christ, and he wasn t sent to this earth my means of Canada to govern the United States by  Judeo-Christian  principles. You are mistaken.Listen here to Heidi Cruz go on and on about her husband:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/246382976  params= color=ff5500  width= 100%  height= 166  iframe= true  /]Featured image: Flickr/Wikimedia",0
8208," Netanyahu Echos Trump, Wants Fence Around Israel To Keep Out ‘Wild Beasts’ (VIDEO)","Echoing statements made by Donald Trump about fences and unwanted Mexicans coming to America, Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu wants to build a fence around Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories in order to protect the country  from what he says are  wild beasts,  in reference to Palestinians, Arabs, and black African migrants, who the Israelis find especially scary. During a tour of the Jordan-Israel border in the south Netanyahu said: In our neighborhood, we need to protect ourselves from wild beasts. At the end of the day as I see it, there will be a fence like this one surrounding Israel in its entirety. We will surround the entire state of Israel with a fence, a barrier. He said the plan will take several years to complete and Israel will also look at ways to ensure that the Palestinians don t find ways to escape from the walls that have been built around their cities and villages in the illegally occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip. Netanyahu said: This thing costs many billions, and we re working on a multi-year plan of prioritization so it would be spread out over years in order to gradually build it, but to complete it to defend the State of Israel. His assertion to defend Israel is not the reason he s building a fence. About 85% of the wall is actually built inside the occupied Palestinian West Bank, effectively annexing and stealing 46% of the land. The wall was ruled illegal by the International Court of Justice in 2004 yet Israel has failed to dismantle it. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJFKL-wkQQI] Trump has also pledged to build walls along the 2,000 mile border with Mexico, a campaign pledge that has apparently caught on with Republican voters.  Trump said:  I would build a great wall, and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me, and I ll build them very inexpensively. I will build a great, great wall on our southern border. And I will have Mexico pay for that wall. Mark my words. The abrasive personality traits are striking but the plans are dangerous. We can already see what Netanyahu s policies have done to the Palestinians. He is a war criminal pure and simple. If Trump were to become president of  the most powerful country in the history of the world, the US and the rest of the world have a very bleak future.Featured Image Via Screenshot Capture",0
8209, Watch Joe Scarborough Frantically Backtrack After Donald Trump Outs Him As A Supporter (VIDEO),"Considering left-leaning MSNBC still signs Joe Scarborough s paychecks and he s consistently feigned neutrality in the presidential election, it seemed clear that his support of Donald Trump was meant to remain under the radar. Unfortunately for that facade, nobody bothered to tell Trump.While Scarborough was interviewing Trump on MSNBC s Morning Joe things reached an awkward tipping point when the Republican front-runner casually remarked that he appreciated the fact that Scarborough and his co-host Mika Brzezinski were his  supporters  while most of the media was against him. It was great seeing you, you guys have been supporters and I appreciate it. And not necessarily supporters but at least believers. Hilariously, this sent the pundits scrambling to undo the potentially career-ending damage of being tainted with Trump s name. After all, it s bad enough that they, in their capacity as journalists, would choose to pull for any particular candidate, but a racist, xenophobic, torture-enthusiast one is egregious. Brzezinski fares pretty well. She has consistently criticized Trump s toxic demagoguery. Scarborough on the other hand In his clawing desperation to distance himself from Trump, he manages to throw several of his colleagues under the bus as well: Well, I will tell you what when you say  supported  you re talking about how actually   you re talking about Bob (Costa), Mika, myself, also Halperin, Willie and those of us around the table. There were a handful of people who for six months have been saying what happened last night could happen, and the rest of the media world has been mocking and ridiculing what he s done. But while Scarborough would like us to believe he s simply a political savant who predicted Trump s rise, there is mounting evidence that he really does long for a Trump win.In December, when Trump s campaign was starting to change from  This guy is a complete joke  to  This guy could actually win the nomination,  Scarborough openly bragged that he helped Trump prepare for the first debate. It was largely considered to be a make-or-break moment for Trump and his buddy Joe Scarborough was there to help walk him through the process. Let s allow Scarborough to tell it. I ve actually called him up, and I ve said  Donald, listen, you need to speak in complete sentences in debates.  And he goes,  I m up 30 points, Joe,  and I m like,  Good point, Donald,  he said to laughter.He later admitted he met personally with Trump to congratulate him on his second debate performance, albeit saying I hope we don t have reporters here. Further, there has been rumors that Scarborough and Brzezinski met up with Trump on the night of the New Hampshire primary to celebrate his first win. Again, he had hoped to keep it a secret. CNN broke the story anyway:Scarborough and Brzezinski visited Trump s hotel room on Tuesday night while the New Hampshire primary results were rolling in, according to two sources with knowledge of their visit. Scarborough and Brzezinski did not respond to a request for comment.After this article was published, Scarborough posted a series of tweets accusing CNN of lying about him.  Your sources are wrong,  he wrote. Scarborough did not explicitly deny that he visited Trump s hotel room, however.Undermining Scarborough s denials, Trump greeted Scarborough on Morning Joe by saying  it was great  seeing them the previous evening. Oops.While it s a wonder that anyone would support a guy like Trump, Scarborough s fixation isn t entirely out of left field. Despite his posturing as a  moderate  Republican, he s provided plenty of evidence to suggest a war-mongering, egomaniac like Trump would get him hot and bothered. When a group of U.S. soldiers accidentally floated into Iranian waters and were briefly detained, Scarborough shot off a series of embarrassing tweets that advocated for a president who was willing to start a world war over it.Hey Iran, you have exactly 300 days left to push a US president around. Enjoy it while you can. After that, there will be hell to pay.  Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) January 12, 2016(Obama didn t take his advice. Instead, he got the sailors released in less than 24 hours by diplomacy. No shots were fired.)Scarborough has flirted with supporting Trump for too long. To maintain any credibility at all, he needs to either openly admit he s backing the racist buffoon or clarify why he feels so invested in helping him win the election. Hotel visits, late-night debate prep calls, endless soft interviews on his show, all of this is beginning to paint a pretty clear picture. It s not a good one.Featured image: Screenshot",0
8210, Cruz Ad Turns Trump Into A Creepy Doll Who ‘Pretends To Be A Republican’ (VIDEO),"Ted Cruz s latest ad just manipulated children to send a political message to voters.The latest campaign move for the Texas Senator is a big jab at his biggest GOP rival, Republican front-runner Donald Trump, who is portrayed in the ad as an action figure who  pretends to be a Republican. In the 45-second spot, young boys are shown playing with a Trump doll, while stating that this action figure likes  bailouts for the banks  and donates to Democrats. The ad also features a Hillary Clinton doll, who gets paid by Trump to befriend him   a reference to Trump s claim that Clinton attended his wedding because he donated to her Foundation.Toward the end of the ad, a large dollhouse gets ruined by the Trump doll, who says,  I m going to take your house with eminent domain and park my limos there!  right before destroying it. This particular part of the ad is a reminder that Trump once tried to level an elderly woman s Atlantic City home so he could turn it into a parking lot for limos.At the end of the ad, concerned parents see their children playing destructively with the Trump doll and the narrator asks viewers: We wouldn t tolerate these values in our children. Why would we want them in a president? You can watch the ad below:Cruz s latest ad might just be the candidate s rebuttal to Trump indirectly calling him a  p*ssy  at a recent rally, but this ad doesn t communicate anything that hasn t been said about Trump before. Although the use of children in a political ad was not a tasteful decision, the GOP has often criticized Trump for being a phony Republican   and this ad just points his inconsistencies out in easier terms. Trump has a history of flip-flopping and holding more liberal values.Last week, Cruz beat Trump in the Iowa Caucuses, but Trump took the New Hampshire primary. This attack ad might be the first of many as the two will face off again on February 20th for the South Carolina primary.Featured image is a screenshot",0
8211, Bernie Was Asked To Say One Nice Thing About Trump And Cruz – His Response Is Hilarious (IMAGE/VIDEO),"Bernie Sanders made his first appearance on television after his  YUGGGEEE  win in the New Hampshire primaries with the hosts of The View  and it was the perfect mixture of seriousness as well as a little light-humored fun. Bernie began his discussion talking about  the greed and recklessness of Wall Street,  but when he was asked to say just one nice thing about Donald Trump or Ted Cruz, he couldn t!Considering his Republican rivals have never said a single nice thing about Bernie Sanders other than he s a  socialist,  his response was fitting. Here was his first reaction when asked to say something nice about Trump: What can I say? When pressed further,  come on Bernie, he has nice ties; nice hair?  he said very sarcastically  humble  earning him a huge applause. Donald Trump is anything but humble, but we have a feeling everyone already knew that. The guy puts his name on everything for crying out loud.And   when he was asked about Ted Cruz, the only thing he could say was  loud.  Come on Bernie, there must be something nice you can say about the Senator from Texas!He did have nice things to say about John Kasich, though, calling him an  old friend,  and he does think Hillary Clinton is  intelligent.  Very classy with those responses.After winning New Hampshire, Bernie is starting to get more attention from Donald Trump. He used to ignore him preferring to attack Hillary, but now things have changed. While Bernie appeared on The View, Trump was busy taking shots at the Senator from Vermont. On CBS This Morning Trump ignored the polls (go figure, right?) and suggested he would take Bernie head on in a matchup. Real Clear Politics shows Bernie beating Trump handily, though; not the other way around. I would beat Bernie easily. The one thing we have in common is trade. The difference between us is, [Sanders] can t do anything about it. I can. Pic via Real Clear PoliticsFeatured image from screen capture.",0
8212, Candace Cameron Bure VISIBLY Upset On Fox News Over ANYONE Joking About Hell (VIDEO),"When you ve never been taught what a figure of speech is, you will take everything everyone ever says to you very literally. Same goes for Christian fundamentalists who practice the literal interpretation of the Bible. Candace Cameron Bure seems to be both.While appearing on Fox & Friends, the Fuller House star and sister of the uber fundie Christian Kirk Cameron, decided she would weigh in on what Madeleine Albright joked about while introducing Hillary Clinton at a recent campaign event. Albright said: There s a special place in hell for women who don t help each other. It was meant in jest, and clearly not to be taken as telling women they literally belong in the hell as described in the Bible. However, Bure didn t see it that way at all. Visibly upset, she tells the Fox hosts: Anyone that can even joke, if it was a joke, about hell. There s nothing to me that s funny about that If anybody actually read their Bible and saw what   the description of Hell, it s disgusting. To be honest, what would be scarier for a lot of people would be,  there s a special place at the bottom of a Chuck-E-Cheese ball pit  but I digress.Bure took this comment made by Albright very personally and then somehow magically linked it to abortion, because why not? Then she said: To say that they re not feminists, that they re anti-women if they re not supporting another woman is   you know, that to me is what s wrong with feminism. That is a turnoff for me as a woman. Someone clearly missed the day in her Women s Study course that explained part of feminism is empowering all women, even women who in their abortion choices, choose life and those who advocate for that cause. That s their right if they so choose. No one is telling Bure how to think, and Albright was simply pointing out the fact that if any woman were to tell another woman, say Candace Cameron Bure, that they were wrong for the mere fact that they re a woman, then there s a special place in H-E- double hockey sticks, for them.All too often in society, women s voices are placed on the back burner. This happens in the home, it happens in the workplace, and in happens in politics. And yes, women, who don t help each other are of detriment to not only those in their immediate surroundings, but in all of society. Women can sometimes find themselves trying with all their might to compete in a male-dominated world, and while men pat themselves on the back regularly help each other rise up, women don t often have that luxury, because they are working hard on themselves. That s why feminism is important. That s why what Madeleine Albright said is true, and that s why women everywhere need to make sure we are making all women inclusive in the workplace, in politics, and in society.So, Bure, while your concerns are heard, they are unfounded. You are more than allowed to be pro-life and still advocate for other women to be heard and seen as well. And no, Madeleine Albright doesn t actually want people to go to hell. It s a figure of speech. Video/Featured image from Raw Story YouTube",0
8213, Michigan Republican: We’re Making Gay Sex A Felony To Protect Animals Because Reasons,"Recently, an anti-animal abuse bill passed the Michigan state Senate. That s the good news. Everyone likes to protect animals, right? Unfortunately, the sneaky little bastards in the GOP  decided the bill just wasn t human enough. Keeping in line with their long tradition of ruining every single thing they touch, Republicans inserted language into the bill that would make human-on-human oral and anal sex a felony punishable by up to 15 years in prison.One might assume that  Senate Bill (SB) 219, sponsored by state Senator (R)ick Jones, would at least be further amended to remove language penalizing  sodomy  (oral and anal sex) with a stiff sentence of up to 15 years behind bars. Unfortunately, we apparently live in some bizarre dimension where this sort of backward-thinking idiocy is somehow acceptable.The legislation states that it is a felony to engage in  the abominable and detestable crime against nature with mankind or with any animal.  While most would agree that it s probably not appropriate to finger-bang a horse, and that someone who does that sort of thing should probably spend some time away from the rest of society, most Americans also agree that we must not police what goes on in private citizens  bedrooms.Law Newz reports that Jones remains steadfast that the language he personally inserted in the bill is not intended to in any way target the gay community, but also maintains that removing the  with mankind  portion will poison the bill:SB 219 was designed to be part of a larger package of bills known as Logan s Law. The law is designed to prevent individuals convicted of animal abuse, animal torture or bestiality from possessing an animal for five years, and during probation, in the hopes the individual will seek mental health treatment. People wanted an animal abuse registry similar to a sex abuse registry,  Jones continued.So why does this latest bill include language that equates anal sex with crimes against nature? Senator Jones maintains it s just part of the legislative process. He claims that the anti-sodomy language is preexisting Michigan law and has no practical effect.The  existing law  was deemed unconstitutional thanks to a 2003 Supreme Court ruling, yet he included it anyway.The law blog continues:In defiance of stark criticism, Jones claims removing the anti-sodomy language would effectively poison the bill, though it was Senator Jones who included the language in the first place. When asked why he would include the phrase  crime against nature with mankind,  Jones said,  in order to write that law, we had to go into a section of law, the bestiality section, which has sodomy in it and has been there forever. It has nothing to do with it. Oddly, these lawmakers seem completely unaware that the water in Flint is literally poison   or, they simply don t care.Conservatives  obsession with gay sex is creepy at best, criminal at worst. Hopefully, on election day, voters remember this blatant attempt to pass legislation criminalizing homosexuality   because Republicans get scarier by the day.Hopefully, lawmakers in the Michigan state House have a little more sense than their counterparts in the Senate.Featured image via LawNewz",0
8214, L.A. Cop Accidentally Shoots Himself While Chasing Suspect (VIDEO),"A Los Angeles County sheriff s deputy accidentally shot himself while chasing a suspect on February 10.According to the Los Angeles Times, the unnamed deputy sustained a gunshot wound to the calf. He was taken by ambulance to a local hospital, where he received medical treatment for non-life threatening injuries.According to the L.A. Times, the officer attempted to stop a vehicle at around 4:00 in the morning, when the driver fled the scene. The deputy ran after the suspect and accidentally shot himself. Police have not released further details on how the shooting took place.Here s more on the story from KTLA.Just over a week ago, the L.A. County Sheriff s Department mistakenly released a murderer.According to Fox 11, 37-year-old Steven Lawrence Wright was  accidentally  released from jail at about 1:00 in the afternoon, on Saturday, January 30.Wright was arrested on murder charges and was awaiting trial.The Sheriff s department finally realized that Wright had been  mistakenly  let out of jail at 9:30 pm on January 31, more than 32 hours later.Wright was finally recaptured on February 8, nine days after he was first allowed to walk out of the jail. Not surprisingly, the accused murderer had fled the state of California. He was taken into custody in Boulder City, Nevada.But ineptitude isn t the only thing that is troubling the L.A. County Sheriff s Department this week.The department has been under intense public scrutiny over the past several years. A five-year-long federal investigation has resulted in the convictions of more than a dozen officials on a wide-range of brutality, abuse and corruption charges.Those convicted include Undersheriff Paul Tanaka and former Captain William Thomas Carey, along with a list of other former department officials and deputies.On February 10, the L.A. Times reported that former sheriff Lee Baca, who retired in 2014 during the height of the abuse and corruption scandal, pled guilty to making false statements to investigators.Baca struck a plea agreement with prosecutors, who promised to drop additional charges in exchange for the guilty plea. Under the agreement, he will serve no more than six months in prison for his crimes.The almost unbelievable ineptitude and corruption in the L.A. County Sheriff s Department should serve as a warning to all of us.Police are not infallible. Sometimes they make stupid mistakes, like accidentally shooting themselves in the leg or mixing up their prisoner list. Sometimes they abuse their power and violate the nature of their oath.We don t do our society any favors when we put cops on a pedestal or automatically assume that having a gun and a badge makes them infallible. Featured image from screen capture via KTLA",0
8215, Chris Matthews Stuns Colleagues By Telling The Harsh Truth About Ted Cruz (VIDEO),"Ted Cruz is horrible. According to former classmates, he spent his time in college hanging out near the women s restroom in a bathrobe, and leaves a greasy film behind on all he touches. His own daughter seems to be repulsed by the very thought of expressing affection toward him. On Wednesday, MSNBC s Chris Matthews may have solved the puzzle of the Texas Senator s general horribleness. There s a troll-like quality to Cruz,  Matthews told Joe Scarborough during a panel on the topic of Cruz s ability to challenge Trump.  He operates below the level of human life. That s a little tough!  Scarborough replied.  You have not gotten sleep. We re going to try that again. Can I not have an opinion?  Matthews asked, before being told by Scarborough,  Not that opinion.  Matthews attempted to better explain his position in a manner that even Joe Scarborough can grasp, which is a difficult task: I think he appeals to people s negativity rather than their joy. I don t think people feel good about voting for Cruz. I think they feel   I don t know what it is he appeals to. People say he inherited the Libertarian crowd. I don t see how. He doesn t seem Libertarian to me. He s appealed to the Baptists up here. I don t understand that. What is he? A theocrat? Maybe he is,  the Matthews continued.  There s something about that guy who has always reminded me of Joe McCarthy, and there s something about him that s negative and menacing. When I say below the level of human life, I mean the good nature of human life, not just being a person,  he said, explaining that the 2016 hopeful simply doesn t have a human side.That pretty much explains Ted Cruz. He s human, certainly, in that he has flesh and breathes and probably has feelings sometimes. But he is terrible at displaying it. Like Rubio, he comes off as robotic. But unlike Rubio, everything about him seems disgusting and evil.Watch the Hardball host reveal Cruz for who he is below:Featured image from screengrab",0
8216, Right-Wingers Super P*ssed That School Board Will Not Allow Federal Agents To Target Kids,"The Los Angeles County School Board has caused an uproar with their right-wing residents because they do not want federal immigration officers inside of schools. The board voted unanimously on Tuesday to direct staff members at any school not to allow ICE agents inside of schools or provide federal authorities with student data without clearance. This move has prompted anti-immigration conservatives to lash out because, apparently, they believe children should be hauled out of their classrooms and arrested.Here are some of the comments under the article on the LA Times Facebook page:   And the comments under the article on the site were not much better:Well, aren t they just chock full of  family values ?!What s even funnier is that these imbeciles obviously have not ever bothered to look into our countries immigration policies because if they had, this isn t new. Traditionally immigration officials have not raided places they have deemed  sensitive  like churches and schools. In 2011, they made this very clear in a memo that stated:This memorandum sets forth Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) policy regarding certain enforcement actions by ICE officers and agents at or focused on sensitive locations. This policy is designed to ensure that these enforcement actions do not occur at nor are focused on sensitive locations such as schools and churches The only reason the school board voted on this was to reassure parents, who do not trust the government, that school was safe for their kids. Ever since nationwide immigration sweeps netted more than a hundred undocumented people last month, parents have been even more frightened. According to the LA Times:Although there were no raids in L.A. last month, residents are concerned because the city has a large Central American immigrant population.So to Rodriguez, the resolution is, in part, a symbolic gesture to tell families that  we stand for the safety of our children,  he said.  These are safe spaces. It s sad that the right-wing is so full of hate, that they want kids to be afraid to go to school. And if these kids overcome their fear, they want law enforcement agents with guns to rip these children away from their families because they had the audacity to try to receive an education. How sick is that? Featured image from Left Wing Nation",0
8217," So Long, Chris Christie — And Thanks For Destroying Marco Rubio On Your Way Out","Chris Christie s campaign has signaled that the New Jersey governor has finally read the writing on the wall and will announce the end of presidential campaign soon. It s surely a victory for America (although probably disappointing for New Jersey residents) to see Christie return from whence he came, but amid the celebrations let s remember: There were some good times too.Like when Christie single-handedly destroyed Marco Rubio s chances of ever being president.It will go down in history as one of 2016 s defining political moments. Live and on the debate stage, a combative Christie managed to utterly embarrass the ill-prepared, shallow Marco Rubio in a matter of seconds. In an election that has been far too consumed with cheap talking points and heavily-rehearsed performance art, we got to see, in that instant, the moment two candidates stopped being polite and started being real.Rubio crumpled   and it was painful to watch.It s hard to know what Rubio was thinking after getting so completely shut down   in fairness, it s hard to think above the noise of whirring of gears and CPU cooling fans   but afterwards the effect was clear. The candidate most journalists had already ordained as the presumptive Republican nominee was dead in the water. Rubio s campaign limps on, but in the way a ghost might if his end was so sudden he never realized he died at all.The Washington Post s Dana Milbank puts it better:Tuesday night, Rubio proved true the axiom popularized by Alan Simpson, the wisecracking former senator from Wyoming:  One day you re the toast of the town, the next you re toast. Now, to be clear, let s not give Christie too much credit for his kamikaze finish. The infamous blowhard was   and remains   a complete asshole. His quest to take down his opponents doesn t stem from some higher moral principles   he just likes being a bully. Returning to New Jersey, he will go on being a bully. That s Christie s whole shtick. In this light, Christie s Rubio takedown was a Joker-like desire just to see the world burn. He takes down Rubio because he can, not because he wants to.But regardless of motives, Christie was a refreshing change of pace. Trump also insults his fellow candidates, but his diminished intellect and massive ego mean that they are typically low-blows, potshots and vulgarity. Christie, having practiced the artform numerous times against teachers and nurses, is capable of bullying on the next level.Now Christie returns to New Jersey, a place where most residents despise him and most attorneys have grown fat off his nearly-endless stream of self-induced scandals. At one time he was considered a Republican frontrunner. It never panned out. Instead, he ll have to be content with the idea that while there will never be a Chris Christie White House, there won t be a Marco Rubio one either thanks to him.We all have our parts to play. Maybe this one is Christie s.Feature image from screengrab ",0
8218, Bill Maher Hilariously Hammers ‘Evil’ Ted Cruz On Jimmy Kimmel Live (VIDEO),"Jimmy Kimmel couldn t stop laughing as Bill Maher repeatedly mocked the GOP.During an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live on Tuesday night, Real Time host Bill Maher made an appearance to talk about the New Hampshire primary and what he would do if he had no choice but to vote for one Republican candidate in the field. I d kill myself,  Maher simply stated.Maher explained that the United States would be a horrible place to live under Republican control, especially for women. The nearest abortion clinic will be in London!  he said.Then Maher got the chance to talk about the candidates he doesn t like, and Ted Cruz was at the top of the list. Ted Cruz is always the worst,  Maher said. He is smart and evil. The other ones are true dummies, like Rubio, he doesn t know what he s talking about, he just says the words. But Ted Cruz is diabolical. He s smart. This is what I really hate about this   and this is what a true cynic is   he s smart, but he knows what to say to his dummy base that they will believe. Maher even gave an example. Cruz once told his dummy base that he was a fan of classic rock prior to 9/11, but said he leaned more toward country music after the towers fell. It was a perfect example of Cruz pandering to the stupid rednecks who dominate the conservative base today.Here s the video via YouTube.Maher also reiterated his support of Bernie Sanders, but urged Democrats to vote for Hillary Clinton should she become the nominee because not doing so could send a Republican to the White House, which would doom our nation to at least four years of hell as the GOP passes every policy they ve ever desired to force upon us. Featured image from video screen capture",0
8219, Bette Midler Sums Up The Republican Party In One Amazing Tweet Everyone Should Read (IMAGE),"It really is perfect.And it s from a book that was published in 1961.When Joseph Heller wrote Catch-22 over 50 years ago, he had no idea that a particular passage in his classic novel would one day be the EXACT description of the Republican Party.But Twitter user Maris Kreizman certainly noticed the similarities, which is why she shared the discovery, only for it to then be shared worldwide by singing and acting icon Bette Midler.In a post last month that seems to have gone largely unnoticed for some reason, Midler posted the passage, aiming particularly at Donald Trump. However, the paragraph really can be be applied to the GOP in general. It was miraculous. It was almost no trick at all, he saw, to turn vice into virtue and slander into truth, impotence into abstinence, arrogance into humility, plunder into philanthropy, thievery into honor, blasphemy into wisdom, brutality into patriotism, and sadism into justice. Anybody could do it; it required no brains at all. It merely required no character.  ~Joseph Heller, Catch-22Here s the tweet via Twitter.With credit. pic.twitter.com/8wrCbwEY49  Bette Midler (@BetteMidler) January 4, 2016For years, Republicans have been hypocrites when it comes to lawbreaking, claiming that it s okay when white conservatives use their guns to seize federal property or use their bibles as an excuse to violate the rights of others. In other words, they want us all to think of these vices as virtues.The  slander into truth  part is pretty easy since Republicans have been lying about liberals and liberal policies throughout the last eight years while insisting that they are telling the truth.Republicans have also disguised arrogance as humility, although they really aren t hiding it anymore.The way conservative donors like the Koch brothers use pretended philanthropy to give themselves more power is one of the more disgusting aspects of Republicans today, and it was perfectly described by Heller.Republicans have also pretended for decades that stealing from the poor to give to the wealthy is honorable, but it s only caused great suffering among the American people as the middle class shrinks and families struggle to put food on the table.Donald Trump and Ted Cruz have made it very clear during the GOP primary that they intend to bring back torture, which they think is a patriotic and just way of fighting the war on terror. For years, Republicans have displayed fake patriotism while at the same time sending our troops to their deaths in wars for profit and once our troops come home, they refuse to take care of them. This is evident in their blockage of bills that would aid veterans and first responders.And finally, the conservative support of the death penalty and cops who kill unarmed black men are the ultimate examples of how Republicans see sadism as justice.Make no mistake, this paragraph from Joseph Heller is downright prophetic, and Bette Midler did us all a favor by bringing it to our attention. Featured image from Twitter",0
8220, Texas Cops Execute Naked Black Teen — Won’t Say If He Was Armed (VIDEO),"Another day, another black teen s life lost at the hands of cops. This incident took place in Austin, Texas, where a naked black teen was killed by officers who were checking out complaints about   get this   a suspicious black suspect.Austin s Chief Brian Manley held a press conference and tried to calm the public and the media surrounding the shooting, in which he, of course, deemed it necessary because the 18-year-old disobeyed the officers. Conveniently, he also says that the guy charged at the cops. Whether this is true or not is unknown at this time. Further, the top cop would not tell reporters whether or not the teen was armed in any way. This likely means that he was not, because if he had been, they d be rushing to tell every reporter in the country that the scary, naked black guy would have shot them if they hadn t shot him first.The police department has also refused to say who the officers who fired the fatal shots are, only that they are on leave while the shooting is checked out. In other words, they ll investigate themselves and find that they did nothing wrong.The local chapter of the NAACP is on the case, and rightfully so, because the likelihood of this being an illegal execution by cop, rather than a justified police shooting, is, as per usual in these cases, quite high. The chapter s president, Nelson Linder, said of the shooting: We see a rush to judgment and as a result, somebody is dead. Normally it s always somebody black, in this city and this country. I don t see how a young man who s naked, and not hurting anybody, winds up being dead. When in reality, those things require constraint and understanding, as opposed to deadly force. The question is, how do you address your policy now? The problem with these shootings is often times APD, they don t appear to enforce their own policies. If that s the case we have a major problem because if you have a policy and don t follow it, then what good is it? He s exactly right. So, now,  disobeying  a cop is a capital offense? Then again, it always has been if you re Black in America. Despicable, but true.Watch a video news report on the incident below:Featured image from video screen capture via Raw Story",0
8221, John McCain Just Openly Mocked ‘Dangerous’ GOP Candidates On The Senate Floor (VIDEO),"John McCain is no stranger to war and torture. He experienced it first hand when his plane was shot down in Vietnam and he was captured by the VC. His descriptions of what he endured in 1968 are horrific at best.That makes him possibly the most qualified man in Congress to speak on the subject. His seat as Chair of the Armed Forces Committee also gives him a certain insight into what the United States did to prisoners in violation of the Geneva Convention and the treaty we signed outlawing torture with 147 other countries in 1987.For candidates like Donald Trump and Ted Cruz to declare that waterboarding, a simulated execution by drowning, is in any way acceptable isn t just dangerous, it s criminal. McCain reminds us that after World War II, Japanese generals were tried, convicted and hung for their role in torturing POWs, which included waterboarding.McCain makes a powerful statement about the role of waterboarding or any kind of torture for that matter: It s been so disappointing to see some presidential candidates on the campaign trail engaged in loose talk about reviving waterboarding and other inhumane interrogation techniques. It might be easy to dismiss this bluster as cheap campaign rhetoric, but these statements must not go unanswered because they mislead the American people about the realities of interrogation, how to gather intelligence, what it takes to defend our security and at the most fundamental level what we are fighting for as a nation. Senator McCain s words had to sting those candidates who love to pander to the extremists of the right. The fear-mongering they engage in creates a perfect atmosphere for a mob mentality that demands we torture people, even if it isn t good interrogation technique because hate prevails with the ignorant.Good for you, Senator. It s comforting to see Republicans standing up to the degenerates your base has decided to endorse. Now if you could just do something about them https://www.facebook.com/CSPAN/videos/10154149512985579/Featured image via screen capture ",0
8222, A Bunch Of Dumb White Racists Will Picket NFL Offices Because Beyonce Gave Them Butthurt (IMAGES),"Beyonce Knowles took the field at Super Bowl 50 and the crowd went wild. The mega-star and her corps of dancers were perfectly choreographed and brilliantly outfitted. It was lively and entertaining. It was also, unfortunately, far too  black  for those wonderful American racists who just can t help but ruin everything.In case you weren t paying attention, Beyonce s dancers wore berets, which automatically means they support Herman Bell, the famous Black Panther who was tried and convicted of murder in the 1970s without ever being positively identified by an all-white jury. Even if Bell were indisputably guilty   which is beyond questionable   by that logic any white person wearing a cross around their neck supports the Westboro Baptist Church, but I digress.At one point, The dancers formed an  X  on the field, an obvious and admitted tribute to Malcolm X. They also formed an arrow that pointed at Beyonce, which was obviously meant to call attention to the black woman on the field, and we can t have that. Only black men in uniform are allowed on football fields, and only if they never have an opinion about anything or show any emotion whatsoever. It upsets racists.Beyonce and her team also put their fists up in a  black power  salute, which is also a common sign used by the black panthers and millions of other people since the 1960s. The coup de gras came after the performance, however, when several of the dancers were photographed around a sign that read  Justice For Mario Wood,  a young black man murdered by police, which of curse also ties Beyonce to the Black Lives Matter movement.The song Beyonce chose is also about her pride for her heritage. The lyrics included: My daddy Alabama   Momma Louisiana. You mix that Negro with that Creole   Make a Texas bamma I like my baby hair    with baby hair and afros I like my Negro nose   with Jackson Five nostrils. The racist douchebags of America have declared that they won t stand for this sort of thing. These shenanigans are unbefitting a halftime show and they won t sit idly by and allow it to happen. A black woman and her black dancers performed a number that wasn t acceptable to them, so they demand a return to the glory days when only Paul McCartney, Elton John and other white people were allowed to entertain at halftime.Fifteen minutes of the Left Shark bouncing around to the chicken dance would be more acceptable than having to endure black culture mixed in with their Coldplay. And just why the hell would Chris Martin join two black artists at the end for a chorus promoting unity for ALL people? Disgusting.Sadly, that isn t an exaggeration. The racist bags of sh*t of America can t understand how black artists do anything other than smile and sing innocuous lyrics while impersonating the Four Tops, rejecting their desire to be individuals or to protest for the good of the white race. They are so upset about it, there s now an Eventbrite announcement for an anti-Beyonce rally outside the NFL headquarters scheduled for February 16th. The front page of the event reads as though Beyonce held up pictures of Michael Brown and screamed  black power  into the mic. Sorry to burst your bubble, racists, but even that would have been acceptable:As if that weren t bad enough, the images used to promote the protest are actually of Herman Bell:Herman Bell was an activist during turbulent times who managed to turn his life around and earn a dual bachelor s and a master s degree and become a positive role model and mentor, all while incarcerated for 35 years for a crime he swears he didn t commit. In true racist a-holes of America fashion, all they see is an angry young man from another era who was convicted 70s style by a jury of someone else s peers.Organizers have also taken to Twitter, where the memes about how evil black people are and how all they can be are criminals are also making the rounds in connection with the #BoycottBeyonce  movement :Fun fact BernieBlacks are incarcerated at higher rate because they commit higher rate of crime ?#NHPrimary pic.twitter.com/oEpCaNo990  Jared Wyand (@JaredWyand) February 10, 2016There are so many ways a guy like that needs to be educated. The first way would be  how to remove your own hgead from your ass and read a book.  They tend to hide lots of useful information in those things.Here s the tweet that perfectly sums up the situation:#BoycottBeyonce = I wish black people would just entertain me instead of standing up for #BlackLivesMatter + being proud of their culture.  jen miller (@jenerallyspeaks) February 9, 2016The rally will happen. Racists will gather and demand to be heard, because they are white. Black people will be painted as even more evil than those darned Hispanics. At the end of the day they ll go home and nobody will care. The Super Bowl will continue to offer entertaining halftime shows by artists of all backgrounds, because they love ratings and money.Sorry, you meatheads, but the NFL won t be putting David Allen Coe on stage anytime soon. Featured image from screen capture",0
8223," Hollywood Secretly Made This Trump Movie Starring Johnny Depp, And It’s Amazing (VIDEO/IMAGES)","On the morning after Donald Trump s  yuge  win in the New Hampshire primary, it has been revealed that the comedy website Funny or Die has created a Donald Trump movie starring Johnny Depp that they have been working on for months. It is a TV movie adaptation of the Trump bestseller, The Art of the Deal.Here s the trailer for Funny Or Die Presents Donald Trump s The Art Of The Deal: The Movie:You can watch the entire movie here.Or actually, they  found  a Trump movie from the 1980s.The humor website Funny or Die on Wednesday began streaming a 50-minute comedy that finds Mr. Depp portraying the businessman turned politician, full-blown comb-over and all. Kept a secret for months   no small task in Hollywood    Funny or Die Presents Donald Trump s The Art of the Deal: The Movie  was released to coincide with Mr. Trump s victory on Tuesday in the New Hampshire Republican presidential primary. It was a crazy, completely nuts idea that somehow we pulled off,  said Adam McKay, a co-founder of Funny or Die, which also counts Will Ferrell and Judd Apatow as principal partners and produces exclusive material that often features well-known stars. Mr. McKay, the director of  The Big Short,  which is a contender for best picture at the coming Academy Awards, added that the site s newest skewering of Mr. Trump will  with any luck  annoy the presidential hopeful.According to the movie s own mythology, told in narration by director Ron Howard, Trump himself made the movie in the 1980s as writer/producer/director but he angrily ordered it into a vault after a football game went into overtime.In addition to Depp, many other notable actors appear in the movie including Johnny Depp, Ron Howard, Alfred Molina, Robert Morse, Patton Oswalt, Jack McBrayer, Henry Winkler, Stephen Merchant, Christopher Lloyd, Kristen Schaal, Andy Richter, Paul Scheer, Rob Huebel, Tymberlee Hill, Alf, Jordan Coleman, Joe Nu ez, and Jeremy Konner. The role of Ivana Trump is played by actress Michael Watkins. It even sticks to its 1980s lineage with a theme song written by Kenny Loggins.The site has taken shots at Trump before, with a video called  Mexican Donald Trump  starring comedian George Lopez, which has been viewed over 10 million times.Johnny Depp as Donald Trump in Funny or Die Presents Donald Trump s The Art of the Deal: The MovieJohnny Depp as Donald Trump in Funny or Die Presents Donald Trump s The Art of the Deal: The MovieJohnny Depp as Donald Trump in Funny or Die Presents Donald Trump s The Art of the Deal: The MovieJohnny Depp as Donald Trump in Funny or Die Presents Donald Trump s The Art of the Deal: The MovieJohnny Depp as Donald Trump in Funny or Die Presents Donald Trump s The Art of the Deal: The MovieJohnny Depp as Donald Trump in Funny or Die Presents Donald Trump s The Art of the Deal: The MovieJohnny Depp as Donald Trump in Funny or Die Presents Donald Trump s The Art of the Deal: The MovieJohnny Depp as Donald Trump in Funny or Die Presents Donald Trump s The Art of the Deal: The MovieJohnny Depp as Donald Trump in Funny or Die Presents Donald Trump s The Art of the Deal: The MovieFeatured image via Funny or Die",0
8224, Family’s Dog Poisoned By Flint’s Toxic Lead Water,"For more than a year the people of Flint, Michigan have been poisoned by their government because Republicans in the state wanted to save some money. What s worse is that officials knew the water was full of lead and they did nothing about it. The toxic water has been linked to the deaths of ten people and thousands of adults and children have been exposed to a multitude of chronic conditions because Governor Synder failed them. Unsurprisingly, we are now learning that in addition to the human victims of Flint, dogs have also been contaminated.According to Dog Time:Two dogs in Genessee County tested positive for lead toxicity according to the state veterinarian, Dr. James Averill. State officials aren t releasing many other details such as how much lead they had in their systems or what their symptoms were. One was a stray, and the other was a pet. Both are still alive. Symptoms of lead poisoning can include malaise, arthritis, and mental dullness.It was really only a matter of time before we heard about pets being affected by the Snyder Administration s systematic poisoning of an entire city. Our pets, after all, drink the same water we do; but even though we knew it would happen, it is still infuriating.Literally, nobody has gone untouched in Flint. And as more details emerge about what led to this, it really is just completely mind-blowing. For instance, for just $100 a day, for three months, all of this could have been avoided, but Republicans were like, Meh. Let s  save  money and gamble with people s lives.  Oh, but it gets even better: Instead of spending all of their time worrying about the people in Flint and the enormous humanitarian crisis on their hands, GOP lawmakers are trying to ban anal and oral sex. We are not kidding.Dr. Averill is telling the people of Flint to keep an eye on their pets and if they are acting out of the ordinary, bring them to the vet. He also told them to give them bottled water or melted snow. That s right, melted snow is safer than the water in the city. How screwed up is that?All of this proves that not even our pets are safe from the Republican Party s inability to govern. Featured image from author",0
8225, Starbucks ‘Pleased’ That Their Cafes Are Now Segregated For Men And Women (TWEETS),"Saudi Arabia, that bastion of human rights, is at the center of a controversy on Twitter. To be more specific, a Starbucks in Saudi Arabia is getting the attention. That s because their stores have segregated entrances for men and women.Stories about the barbaric treatment women and other political minorities face in Saudi Arabia are nothing new. However, the oppression they face does not usually receive a publicly stated golden seal of approval from a major U.S. company.One Starbucks located in Jabir is currently undergoing remodeling. They have segregated entrances and seating for women and families. The wall that separates the two sides came down during the remodel. So they decided to just outright ban women from entering the cafe. One woman encountered this sign while trying to get her caffeine fix. PLEASE NO ENTRY FOR LADIES ONLY SEND YOUR DRIVER TO ORDER THANK YOU. #Starbucks store in Riyadh refused 2 serve me just because I'm a WOMAN & asked me 2 send a man instead@Starbucks pic.twitter.com/6Nj6DkOtFJ  Manar N (@manarn8) February 1, 2016Unreal. Starbucks in Saudi Arabia refused to serve women. Note on their door, plus official response from company. pic.twitter.com/d4tCSqqQOv  Muhammad Lila (@MuhammadLila) February 3, 2016It gets so much worse.Starbucks responded to the situation. They released a press statement, which says the following: At Starbucks, we adhere to the local customs of Saudi Arabia by providing separate entrances for families as well as single people. In addition, all our stores provide equal amenities, service, menu, and seating for men, women, and families. Starbucks, whoever came up with  we adhere to the local customs of Saudi Arabia  needs to be paid more. They managed to make Starbuck s support of incredibly sexist laws against women sound like the company is doing nothing more than trying to be a culturally sensitive 21st-century global corporation.What other local customs of rich ISIS does (Saudi Arabia really does not like it when you compare them to ISIS) Starbucks adhere too? If an atheist like Raef Badawi,  threatened  Islam by saying what they believe in one of their 78 locations in Saudi Arabia, would they be fine with it if they person was sentenced to death?  The official statement said  customs  which leaves a lot of room for such questions.I could go on and on dissecting the lengthy statement put out by Starbucks. The mental gymnastics that went into making the company sound as if they are actually supporting women s rights is astounding. However, I think this might be the most egregious part: We are pleased to share that the store is now accessible to single men on one side as well as women and families on the other side. Starbucks has now 78 stores in Saudi Arabia and all stores cater to both families and singles, except for one that is exclusively reserved for women and families. They re  pleased  to inform people everything is back to normal because their cafes are all now 100% segregated again.If you recall, Starbucks attempted to profit from the wholesale slaughter of people of color last year, by way of their infamous #RaceTogether marketing campaign. After all, one marginalized group s oppression is another empowered group s opportunity. For some f#cking reason, Starbucks urged customers to talk to their baristas about racism.Here s an idea, what if every one of Starbucks  customers started asking baristas about how incredibly messed up Starbucks  overseas business practices are? We can make it a campaign and call it something like #HoldTheSexism or #PatriarchyTogether. This is really low for a company that tries so hard to appear to be progressive.Featured image By Nirzar (Own work) [CC BY-SA 4.0], via Wikimedia Commons ",0
8226, FL Man Hurls Live Alligator Through Wendy’s Drive-Thru Window (VIDEO),"Joshua James, a 24-year-old resident of Jupiter, Florida, is facing charges of assault with a deadly weapon, illegal transportation of an alligator, and theft.The charges were filed after James threw a three-and-a-half foot long, living American alligator through a Wendy s drive-thru window.According to investigators at the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Division, James and a friend were driving on Southern Blvd. near Loxahatchee, in Palm Beach County, when he noticed the alligator at the side of the road.He pulled his four-door pickup truck to the side of the road and then wrangled the reptile into the backseat.After capturing the animal, James drove to a gas station, where he proceeded to fill up his gas tank, with the live alligator in the backseat.He then headed off to the Wendy s drive-thru, where he ordered a large drink.After the server handed him his beverage, he reached into the back of the truck, grabbed the alligator, and threw it through the drive-up window, into the restaurant.Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation officers were called to the scene to remove the alligator from the restaurant.Conservation officials took this picture.Image credit: screen capture from NBC 5, via youtubeOn February 9, Judge Joseph Marx released James on $6,000 bail.As part of the terms of his release, James is barred from visiting any Wendy s restaurants. He is also barred from coming into contact with any animals, except for his mother s dog.Under Florida law, it is a third-degree felony to kill, attempt to kill, possess or capture an alligator or its eggs without a license. James faces up to five years in prison on that charge alone.Conservation officials managed to capture the gator. It was released into a nearby canal, where it can hopefully live out the rest of its life without further contact with idiotic humans.According to James, throwing the alligator was just a  funny prank. The people working inside the restaurant didn t find it so funny. Thankfully, neither the employees nor the alligator were injured during this stupid stunt, although things could have ended much differently.Here s more on this story from NBC 5, via YouTube. Featured image from screen capture from NBC 5, via youtube",0
8227," Charity Is Buying Bankrupt Homophobic Pastor’s Church, Converting It To LGBT Youth Haven","In a complete 180 degree turn, a church that was the site of numerous mind boggling anti-gay rants will now be home to a shelter designed specifically to help at-risk LGBT youth. How s that for karma?Reverend James David Manning has become notorious for the awful sermons he delivers from his Harlem-based Atlah Worldwide Church. Outside, he frequently puts up massive signs denouncing homosexuality and anyone who supports gay rights. One sign claimed supporting same-sex marriage would give a person cancer or syphilis. Another declared Obama had released  homo demons  to attack black men.Thankfully, Manning s time being able to spew insane garbage from the pulpit appears to be over. Manning, busy as he was spreading hate, seems to have massively mismanaged his finances. His church is reportedly over $1 million in debt and the property it sits on will now be auctioned off.Enter the Ali Forney Center, an organization dedicated to providing help to homeless and at-risk LGBTQ youth. Since hearing about the recent vacancy they have been fundraising to buy Manning s old church. In just 12 days they raised over $200,000. It s likely they will soon be able to acquire it. We re confident we ll be able to go into the auction with a partner that will allow us to have not just an entry-level bid,  said Carl Siciliano, the Center s founder and executive director. Because the building is historic, it is subject to zoning laws that make it almost impossible for the lot to be used to erect something like luxury housing or office buildings. If the building still manages to fall into the hands of a developer, Siciliano and his colleagues have a back-up plan: they will try to rent space there for $30,000 a month.Hilariously, Manning seems to be in pure denial that his church is being sold. He insists he s not leaving. In a disturbing video, Manning took aim at his  enemies  that want to take him down just because he hasn t paid over a million dollars in taxes. He does, however, appear to be dimly aware that his church will soon be a homeless shelter for LGBTQ youths. All kinds of stuff is being spread around [about how] they re going to turn this church into a bathhouse. How they re going to turn it into a homeless building for the sodomites. It s mainly the sodomites. The soulful minded people aren t doing anything. It s not  soulful  people or  sodomites  doing this to Manning   it s the government. In December, a judge ordered the foreclosure after over a decade of Manning s church deliberately not paying his taxes. Records show that he has a whopping nine separate tax liens against him. Some going as far back as 2002.Manning is always quick to point out parts of the bible that speak against homosexuality, but he seems to have overlooked the parts that condemn greed. Maybe he should have paid more attention.Feature image from YouTube ",0
8228, Bernie Sanders And The Racist Billionaire Won The New Hampshire Primary,"Bernie Sanders just won the New Hampshire primary race. The candidate that was once written off as a protest candidate, that would only be successful in pushing Hillary Clinton to the left, has won one of the first primary elections in the nation. At the time this was written, Bernie Sanders has 57.9 percent of the vote with Clinton at 40 percent. That isn t particularly surprising, seeing as Sanders has long held a massive lead in the polls over Clinton in that state.This comes after a close caucus election in Iowa. Bernie Sanders ultimately lost that election, though it was virtually a tie.https://www.facebook.com/berniesanders/photos/a.324119347643076.89553.124955570892789/977514378970233/?type=3&theaterSanders supporters should be Feeling the Bern harder than they ever have at this moment. Though that feeling must ultimately transform into action, if they wish to bypass Clinton s firewall that is the Nevada caucus and South Carolina primary. The only thing for sure at this point is that the Democratic primary battle is going to be a long, tight race.On the Republican side, Donald Trump has won the New Hampshire primary. I guess racism and sexism still sells in parts of New England. What is somewhat interesting, is that John Kasich, a man whose candidacy has been anything but interesting, appears to have taken second place, with the anemic Jeb Bush taking third. Cruz, the winner of the Iowa caucus took fourth place. The Rubiobot seems to be malfunctioning, as he took fifth place.Trump may be riding high now though it remains to be seen if he can maintain his momentum. One thing is for sure, should he be the eventual Republican nominee, it will be fun to watch Sanders or Clinton mop the floor with him in the general election. Then again, that is true for any of the other GOP candidates.Featured image from Phil Roeder via Flickr",0
8229," Watch These Young Conservatives Try To Explain Why Trump Is Their Man, But Fail Miserably (VIDEO)","It s somewhat terrifying listening to how some of how our young people praise Donald Trump and how he d like to govern the country. It s also more than disconcerting when you hear them just parrot talking points that have no basis in reality. Such as,  Conservative values are ensuring that the government doesn t get too involved in people s lives.  They ve apparently never witnessed their conservative legislators trying to dictate the lives of women and the LGBT community. Maybe they mean  their lives    other people, well, that s different.You ll also hear these kids talk about the standard catch phrases like  family values,  which has been code for  hating gays  for a very long time, as well as  limited government  which is code for  limited regulations on business.  Because as aforementioned, they have no problem making sure government gets involved in the lives of those they don t agree with.These young cons even had the audacity to say: The worst Republican is better than the best Democrat. Really? Where the hell did you hear that? And most of these young conservatives would actually vote for Donald Trump if he were to become the nominee. However, not all of them have fallen for The Donald s schtick.You really need to witness the insanity for yourself. Caution, you ll be left wondering where our society went wrong.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Here s what young conservatives have to say about Donald Trump.Posted by ATTN: on Tuesday, February 9, 2016Video/Featured image: Facebook",0
8230, Looks Like The Matrix May Actually Happen – Check Out This Amazing New Brain Implant (VIDEO),"Depending on how you look at it, being able to control our minds with machines and computers could be either very terrifying or extremely awesome. However it looks like we re getting very close to connecting the two together.And according to the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA): A DARPA-funded research team has created a novel neural-recording device that can be implanted into the brain through blood vessels, reducing the need for invasive surgery and the risks associated with breaching the blood-brain barrier. The technology was developed under DARPA s Reliable Neural-Interface Technology (RE-NET) program, and offers new potential for safely expanding the use of brain-machine interfaces (BMIs) to treat physical disabilities and neurological disorders. via DARPAResearchers at the University of Melbourne are trying to reduce the need for invasive surgery, and success of this technique could change the way modern medicine is performed. Their hope is that with this non-invasive techniques doctors will be able to better treat a wide range of neurological ailments. One of which being PTSD.According to HuffPo: The idea shares some similarities to the film  The Matrix  where human beings are  plugged  into a virtual world through a data port in the back of the neck. However DARPA believes that the main barrier in place preventing humans from effectively communicating is that the cabling we use to transfer the data between the brain and the computer is far too simplistic. There s hope that eventually this will be a way for people to even use artificial limbs as though they were organic. This technology, if successful, is going to change the lives of millions of individuals around the world.Quite honestly, this is absolutely extraordinary.Watch here via HuffPo:Featured image: flixnerd",0
8231, Black College Professor: I Was Handcuffed By White Cops For A Parking Ticket,"A black college professor from New Jersey is alleging that police officers detained her over a parking ticket, handcuffing her to a table and subjecting her to a search.Dr. Imani Perry, an African-American studies professor at Princeton University, said she was mistreated by two white police officers because of her race.According to a New York Times interview with police Capt. Nicholas K. Sutter, a computer search found that Perry had an outstanding arrest warrant for unpaid parking tickets from 2013, and she was arrested.Dr. Perry wrote about her arrest on Twitter and Facebook, saying it left her humiliated and frightened. She said she was on her way to work when she was pulled over  for a single parking ticket three years ago. She said that the male officer conducted a  body search  on her even though a female officer was present. She said that she was not allowed to make a phone call before she was put into the squad car, and that she was later handcuffed to a table at the station.Writing on Twitter, Perry said she received criticism from conservative observers who insisted she brought her predicament on herself,  There are a number of commentators online who have repeated to me an all-too-common formulation:  Well, if you hadn t done anything wrong this wouldn t have happened.  But this demand for behavioral perfection from Black people in response to disproportionate policing and punishment is a terrible red herring. Perry s case is the most recent in a string of incidents that have received exposure online, in which it appears police officers have put black citizens under extra scrutiny, in some cases leading to their deaths in the case of people like Sandra Bland.In turn, this has led to the rise of the Black Lives Matter movement, in which greater accountability and oversight of police officers is being demanded. By contrast, conservatives have insisted that this accountability is part of a  war on cops. Featured image via YouTube",0
8232, Conservative Supreme Court Ruling Just Gave The Oil Companies A Big Win,"In what is considered a massive set-back not just to Obama s environmental policy, but to the very planet we live on, the Supreme Court just killed the best chance America had to combat climate change in the foreseeable future. And if you think this wasn t politically motivated   the five Justices responsible all come from the right side of the bench.In a 5-4 ruling, the Supreme Court ruled to stay the requirements that energy companies needed to rein in the ludicrous amount of carbon that they were pouring into the atmosphere. For decades, scientists have warned that this carbon is among the number one contributors to global warming. Obama had hoped to address this with a landmark move to curtail these emissions with an initiative he named the  Clean Power Plan. With strong but achievable standards for power plants, and customized goals for states to cut the carbon pollution that is driving climate change, the Clean Power Plan provides national consistency, accountability and a level playing field while reflecting each state s energy mix. It also shows the world that the United States is committed to leading global efforts to address climate change.Or not.Instead, America s right-wing showed the world once again that it is not remotely serious about trying to combat climate change. Naturally, this lack of initiative gives other major polluters like China a fantastic excuse to not curtail their own emissions. We will, when you do, they might say.For now, the oil and gas companies get to ignore the rule. This is a major victory for the corporations that are most responsible for polluting in the first place. The Koch brothers, of course, were vehemently opposed to the new plans. So too were the Republican politicians they sponsor. How desperate were Republicans to let their pollution-heavy friends off the hook? Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell broke with all existing protocol to deliver a letter to all 50 United States governors telling them to simply ignore Obama s EPA requirements altogether.The four liberal justices   Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor, and Elena Kagan   all wrote that they objected to the stay.But if all of this shady monkey wrench tossing is giving you a sense of hopeless, the silver lining is this: All that is standing in the way of bold new plans like this becoming law are five aging conservative members of the Supreme Court. It s expected that the next president will get to appoint at least two new Justices. The ability to change the course of not just America s, but the world s climate rests with who Americans chose as their next president this year. That s a lot of power. Let s use it to elect a person who has our interests in mind, not the Koch brothers.Feature image from YouTube ",0
8233, Ted Nugent Attacks Jews Who Support Gun Control By Calling Them Nazis (IMAGES),"Professional douchebag Ted Nugent took his love of guns way too far on Monday, demonstrating how conservatives really feel about Jews.Much in the way Adolf Hitler scapegoated the Jews to justify World War II and the Holocaust, Nugent scapegoated Jews to justify an extreme pro-gun agenda.On his own Facebook page, Nugent plastered several photographs of Jewish activists and politicians, and warned his followers to memorize who they are and gave them marching orders to give them hell and shut them down. Know these punks,  Nugent wrote.  They hate freedom, they hate good over evil, they would deny us the basic human right to self defense & to KEEP & BEAR ARMS while many of them have tax paid hired ARMED security! Know them well. Tell every1 you know how evil they are. Let us raise maximum hell to shut them down! Here s the post via Facebook.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Know these punks. They hate freedom, they hate good over evil, they would deny us the basic human right to self defense  Posted by Ted Nugent on Monday, February 8, 2016In a comment below his own post, Nugent wrote,  NEVER AGAIN  in reference to the Holocaust.Conservatives often use the Holocaust as a prop in their argument to oppose gun control laws. The problem with that argument is that it assumes the minority Jewish population would have been able to stand up to the powerful German military, which included the brutal SS.When Ben Carson made the same claim last year, Politifact ripped him a new one by pointing out that the Nazis actually loosened gun laws significantly for the population, but restricted Jews from owning firearms.German citizens as a whole were not disarmed by the Nazis. Jews and other supposed enemies of the state were subject to having their weapons seized. But for most German citizens, the Nazi period was one in which gun regulations were loosened, not tightened.Second, a lack of guns was not the issue. If the majority of Germans had wanted to use these guns to fight the Nazis, they could have. But they didn t.In other words, the only form of gun control the Nazis really liked was keeping Jews from owning them.But even if the Jews were well-armed and willing to fight back, the fact remains that the German population supported the Nazis and Hitler had powerful military forces under his command. It is highly unlikely that the Jews could have prevented the Holocaust by themselves.Despite the facts, Nugent wrote another rant aimed at those who criticized his first post, referring to Jews who don t agree with him as  Nazis in disguise. // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Just when you hope that mankind couldnt possibly get any dumber or more dishonest, superFreaks rise to the occasion .Posted by Ted Nugent on Monday, February 8, 2016Offended by Nugent s nasty words, the Anti-Defamation League blasted him and demanded the removal of the post. This is nothing short of conspiratorial anti-Semitism. Regardless of one s views on gun control, this kind of scapegoating of an entire religious group is completely unacceptable and completely divorced from reality. It should go without saying that anti-Semitism has no place in the gun control debate. You should be ashamed for promoting anti-Semitic content, and we hope that good people on both sides of the gun control debate will reject his tactics and his message. We hope you will have the good sense to remove this share immediately so that it does not spread virally across the internet. Ted Nugent talks tough about his dad, but apparently the apple fell far from the tree. Let s not forget that Nugent dodged the Vietnam war by pooping in his pants.And this isn t the first time Nugent has attacked a people that suffered through genocide. Nugent once referred to Native Americans as  unclean vermin  who don t qualify as people. And let s not forget his anthem to child rape that must drive family values Republicans wild.Also, keep in mind that Ted Cruz is Nugent s favorite Republican presidential candidate in the 2016 race. Perhaps someone should ask Cruz how he feels about what Nugent thinks about Jews who support reasonable laws to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and the mentally ill. Because that s what we re really talking about here  better background checks that most Americans, including NRA members, support. Nobody in our government has suggested seizing the guns of every American. And there have certainly been no suggestions of banning certain ethnic minorities from owning firearms. This is all in the imaginations of conservatives who have used such claims to push a guns everywhere agenda that has only opened our society up to more gun deaths and mass shootings than ever before.But if anyone should have their guns taken from them, it s Ted Nugent, considering the fact that he has openly called for the assassination of President Obama and other government officials on several occasions. Featured image from Flickr",0
8234," Texas Man Shoots Puppy That Pooped In His Yard, Finds Himself On The Receiving End Of Gunfire (VIDEO)","The NRA tells us that guns make us safer, that a  responsible gun owner  or a  good guy with a gun  will leap into action at the first sign of danger to act as savior. Unfortunately, many gun-toting individuals completely fail to live up to the  gun rights  organization s lofty ideals. The problem is that a  good guy with a gun  is only a  good guy  until he pulls the trigger in a completely unwarranted situation   like in a  spat over dog poop.A Texas man found himself on the receiving end of gunfire after he Stood His Ground when a neighbor s puppy wandered into his yard and relieved itself. Frustrated that the young animal came into his yard, ate his cat s food, and relieved itself, Joe Ramirez grabbed his trusty shotgun and ended its life. In true  responsible gun owner  fashion, he told investigators that he thought the gun was loaded with blanks   but, of course, it contained live ammunition.The dog s owner heard the gunfire and the sound of her pet yelping, so she ran outside to investigate. Another person noticed, as well   her neighbor, who applied a Second Amendment Solution to the situation. When Angela Cruz saw Ramirez standing over the dog and shooting it at close range, she opened fire on him and his roommate, fortunately injuring neither of them.Cruz was arrested on two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. Ramirez was charged with cruelty to a non-livestock animal. The dog owner and Ramirez s roommate weere questioned, but were not charged with a crime.Unfortunately, as long as it is easy for quite literally anyone to buy a gun, we will continue to see incidents like this   where popping off shots becomes the first solution rather than an option employed only in self-defense. Ramirez should absolutely be charged   and punished   but think about how different the situation would have been if none of these people had guns.Watch a report on the shootings below:Featured image via screengrab ",0
8235," White School Board Member ‘Honors’ Black History Month In The Most Racist, Appalling Way (IMAGE)","A school board member in Illinois is getting heat for expressing her own personal way of kicking off Black History Month: with blatant, inexcusable racism.Jeanette Ward, part of Elgin Area School District U-46, didn t waste a moment telling her peers how she really felt about African Americans during a month dedicated to the accomplishments and milestones of historical black figures. On February 1st, Ward created a post on the board s Facebook page that began with this: Blacks have become their own worst enemy, and liberal leaders do not help matters by blaming self-inflicted wounds on whites or  society. The notion that racism is holding back blacks as a group, or that better black outcomes cannot be expected until racism has been vanquished, is a dodge. And encouraging blacks to look to politicians to solve their problems does them a disservice. As the next chapter explains, one lesson maybe the most important one for blacks is that having a black man in the Oval Office is less important than having one in the home. Ward immediately received heat for this, and was torn apart at a Monday night board meeting for her  irresponsible  and  racist speech    which was so coincidentally timed on the very first day of Black History Month.One of the speakers, Myrna Becker, expressed that she was appalled by Ward s words. She said,  When we honor Black History Month, we ought to know what black history is all about. Danise Habun of the Elgin Human Relations Commission also agreed that Ward was out of line: There was nothing respectful toward or celebratory of Black History Month contained in the passage posted by Ms. Ward. If her words and the quoted passage from the book is indeed to offer a fresh perspective, it appears as if there has been a failure to communicate. It continues to blame the victim, and ignores institutionalized racism. As an official elected to represent all members of the U-46 school district, Ms. Ward is to be held to a high standard of behavior and conduct. Despite the widespread backlash she received, Ward didn t think there was anything wrong with her post, and said she was merely giving a different perspective to Black History Month. She also pointed out that the author she quoted, Jason Riley, was African American  so her post couldn t possibly be racist or disrespectful.Ward has continued to stand behind her remarks and refuses to back down. Which isn t surprising, considering that Ward has a history of being offensive and socially ignorant. Last year, Ward objected to an anti-bullying program that would address homophobic slurs in schools. According to Ward, using  gay  as an insult wasn t as bad as calling someone  retarded  or  girly  because homosexuality is a choice, while being mentally retarded or a female is not. Ward just doesn t have a clue, and has no interest in getting one. Featured image via Elgin School Board Facebook",0
8236, Fox News Just Declared Trump The Winner In New Hampshire — Before Votes Were Even Counted (IMAGES),"Fox News had a bit of an embarrassing moment Tuesday when the network accidentally declared Megyn Kelly s arch-nemesis, Donald Trump, the winner of the New Hampshire primary. It s no secret that Fox doesn t much like Trump   which is why it must have been embarrassing when a graphic declaring that 100% of the results were in   and that the billionaire 2016 hopeful had won   went live on the network s website.Taking the lead in New Hampshire, according to Fox s  data  puts Donald Trump in the front with 83,000 votes   28 percent. Coming in second is human-robot hybrid Marco Rubio at 15%. Taking third place is creepy Evangelical Ted Cruz at 15%. According to the fictional results, Ben Carson brought up the rear  with 2% of the vote   well behind Jeb Bush and even Carly Fiorina.Fox very quickly removed the  results  from the website with Jeff Misenti, chief digital officer for the network, explaining that the  results  appeared as part of a test for its coverage of the state s primary: During routine testing in preparation for the New Hampshire primary a malfunction occurred which briefly showed errant data on our website. This error has been rectified. We apologize for any confusion this may have caused. While Trump is almost a sure winner in any GOP matchup, it s hilarious that Fox would, however accidentally, preemptively declare the man who has been trading barbs with the network and who skipped the last debate hosted by a Fox station after they refused to pay him $5 million to appear.In the showdown between Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton, Fox declared Sanders the winner with 53% of the vote to Hillary s 43 percent.Sure, Fox has a history of getting nearly anything wrong, but it s impressive that they have managed to open a portal to the future in their efforts to be first with the news.Featured image via screengrab ",0
8237, Watch The Moment A White Teacher Gets SCHOOLED By His Student On Racism’s True Meaning (VIDEO),"A brilliant moment where a high school student turned the tables and gave her white male teacher a much-needed lesson on racism has been caught on camera and is currently going viral.The video, which surfaced on the But That s None of My Business Facebook page, shows a young woman of color confronting her teacher during a presentation, for what appears to be his assertion that white people can also become victims of racism.The female student calls him out on his misinformed position and explains to him that it is impossible for white people to experience racism, because white people have never once faced systemic oppression or been discriminated against or disenfranchised by institutions. She offered a heated explanation: Racism is based on the systematic oppression of people. White people have never suffered that. Yeah, you ve tried to say it s possible. Yeah, in the future it s possible to like have some sort of systematic oppression of white people. But it s never happened. So you saying it s not going to be up for argument, it s kind of like you, as a white man, saying what is and what is not racist. And that s what s been happening throughout this century. Many of her fellow students, most of which also appear to be people of color, begin applauding right before she adds, So for you to tell me that, it doesn t make me believe you, because that s what s been said to us for so long. You can watch her powerful lesson below:Without a doubt, the parents of this young girl deserve a hand for raising such a socially aware teenager who not only understands white privilege and systemic racism, but possesses enough courage to dispute and educate an adult in power when they are painfully wrong and ignorant.It would have been amazing if the entire discussion had been caught on camera, but it s safe to say that this student is probably more capable of teaching a class on racism than her teacher.Featured image is a screenshot",0
8238," Marco ‘Roboto’ Rubio Short-Circuits Again, Repeats Same Line Twice In 30 Seconds (VIDEO)","Once a broken record, always a broken record. At least that s what Marco Rubio has been demonstrating since his disastrous debate performance on Saturday.As you ll recall, Chris Christie absolutely hammered Rubio for using a canned line about President Obama over and over again. Let s dispel once and for all with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn t know what he s doing,  Rubio said during his exchange with the New Jersey governor.  He knows exactly what he s doing. He went on to repeat the line several more times, leading to Christie nailing Rubio for being scripted.Rubio s robotic performance has inspired people to troll him by dressing up and appearing at Rubio rallies as robots.One would think that Rubio would more carefully monitor his speeches to make sure that he doesn t come off as a broken record, but he either doesn t give a damn or he thinks voters are stupid and won t notice.On Tuesday, Rubio repeated himself once again during a rally in New Hampshire as he talked about raising his children in the 21st Century, and he actually repeated the same line twice back-to-back. Because as you saw, Jeanette and I are raising our four children in the 21st century and we know how hard it s become to instill our values in our kids instead of the values they try to ram down our throats. In the 21st century it s become harder than ever to instill in your children the values they teach in our homes and in our church instead of the values that they try to ram down our throats in the movies, in music, in popular culture. Here s the video via YouTube:Clearly, Marco Rubio is having a hard time shaking the appearance of being a scripted robot who glitches out, which certainly does not help him look like a viable candidate for president. Not only do we not need a president who will repeat the disastrous policies of past Republican presidents, we do not need a president who relies on canned lines to communicate with the American people.Featured Image: Flickr",0
8239, Seth Meyers Takes No Prisoners In GLORIOUS Smackdown Of The Entire GOP Clown Car (VIDEO),"It s clear most of America has had just about enough of the GOP clown car and this primary season. Recognizing this, Seth Meyers absolutely tore apart the most recent Republican debate in a segment called  GOP Debate Antics: A Closer Look. The Late Night host took no prisoners and one by one just completely pummeled them, and righteously so. From the botched intro to the very end.In pointing out Rubio s robotics he even suggested that he might as well go with a GIF of Donald Trump s facial expressions as a running-mate if he were to get the nomination, because it would work every time.Meyers mercilessly mocked Bush and Trump s back and forth, as well as how Trump went after the New Hampshire debate audience, arguing that the real estate mogul seems to hate them, but loves waterboarding. Which is true.Ben Carson, of course, didn t escape being lampooned, Meyers roasted him by pointing out the ridiculous introduction portion of the debate, asking: Is Ben Carson really a brain surgeon, or did people just start calling him that sarcastically and it just stuck?   Oh yeah, that guy s a real  brain surgeon.  Your surgery will start any moment, we just need to get Doctor Carson in here. Meyers then pretends to wave him in, just like with what happened at the debate when he didn t seem to realize he needed to walk out on stage.All in all, if these Republicans want to say and do the things that they say and do, they need to realize that it s all being recorded and will be played back and mocked for all eternity.Well done, Meyers.Here s the whole clip: Video/Featured image: YouTube",0
8240," Stephen Colbert And His Audience Absolutely Pummeled Bill O’Reilly, And It Was Spectacular (VIDEO)","When appearing on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert it s probably best to expect the unexpected. And in the case for Fox News host Bill O Reilly, it was probably best to expect his far right-wing humor to not be appreciated whatsoever by either Colbert or his audience.Within the first few moments of his appearance, he alienated pretty much everyone by saying those over on CNN and MSNBC are  on crack.  He was trying to convince people that Fox News is #1 in the ratings for a reason. Little does he realize that if people want their right-wing hate TV, they only have one place to go, whereas facts are dispersed everywhere else. So when O Reilly made his remark about the other networks, the crowd audibly booed him and was not impressed whatsoever.Then, just moments later, O Reilly thought it wise to do a Bernie Sanders impersonation while also saying that Sanders and Trump are the same person. Here s the thing: Colbert and his audience, are likely going to have a liberal response, so you can only guess how this Sanders bashing was received   not well. Colbert even asking the Fox News host after his Sanders impression,  are you having a stroke? After a huge back and forth about what O Reilly deems best for the nation, and when Colbert explains what actually is best for the nation, they end their debate cordially, but it was obvious the Late Show host was visibly annoyed with the Fox News toady.Colbert ended the interview with this amazing statement: You re a great model to do an impression of for ten years. Which is a complete slam at O Reilly s ridiculously conservative viewpoints and show.All in all, this was one of the best smackdowns of O Reilly ever.Here s the full appearance: Part 1:Part 2:Video/Featured image: YouTube",0
8241, A**hole Of The Day – Michele Bachmann: Muslim ‘Rape Jihad’ Is Destroying ‘Western Christiandom’,"Michele Bachmann has been pretty quiet since leaving office under a cloud of scandal and that was a damn shame. She was one of the most perfect examples of how utterly hate-filled and detached from reality the right-wing has become. But apparently Bachmann has remembered that it was her GAWD!-given mission to warn America about all the threats the voices in her head have been making up for years.Last week, Michele warned us about Obama s status as the Anti-Christ and his plan to cancel the elections and crown himself King. This week, GAWD! has told her that the evil Muslims. I kid you not, made up the entire Syrian civil war: This clearly is an invasion,  Bachmann said.  This is a planned invasion, not only in Europe but also in the United States, I believe for the specific purpose of destroying Western Christendom. The solution, of course, is to close all the borders to people with brown skin immigrants just to be safe. And for those of you who are about to say I m race-baiting, during her rant, Bachmann insisted that we needed to  pause  immigration just like Calvin Coolidge did in 1924. That  pause , incidentally, was targeted specifically  to preserve the ideal of American homogeneity  (AKA  White Supremacy ) by allowing in  good  immigrants from Western Europe but keeping out the  bad  ones from Africa, Asia and the Middle East. That s what Michele Bachmann thinks is a solution. Why? Because she s a fucking racist like a great deal of the American right-wing.If this fact upsets you, too bad.But Bachmann wasn t done being a total asshole:Bachmann said that countries with large Muslim minorities like France now experience  Islamic jihad 24/7, terrorist bloodbath attacks 24/7,  warning that the same thing is coming to the U.S. unless we decide to have  no more immigration into the United States. I m sure this will come as a surprise to France. They ll be wondering why they haven t heard about these 24/7 bloodbaths. Maybe they re only happening in the mythical  no go zones? Bachmann continues: The more that come in, the more they act upon their religious convictions and their stated religious convictions,  she said.  The imams from the original countries that they come from, they recruit and send these guys to come in and to bring about this destruction. Right now in Europe it s called a  rape culture  that s coming into Sweden and Germany and all across Europe for the specific purpose of Islamizing these countries, and they are falling. I wish I could be surprised that a conservative like Bachmann will only acknowledge the existence of rape culture as long as she can blame it on Muslims. Islamists have a plan,  Bachmann later added.  They have a plan to destroy Western Christendom. It s called civilization jihad. By bringing Islamists into our country and destroying us from in, they don t need to just have a nuclear bomb. If they send their invading army into our countries and if young men are doing what they did on New Year s Eve in Cologne, Germany, and other places where they are literally sexually attacking and raping and groping women and causing them to fear, we are looking at a completely ramped-up level of invasion one like we have never seen before. There are days that I truly and profoundly wish I wasn t an atheist. Why? Because it would give me great comfort to believe that after she dies, Jesus Christ will personally walk up to Bachmann in the afterlife and, after explaining to her exactly how horrible of a human being she was in life, send her to Hell along with most of the Republican Party.Hey, a man can dream, right?Featured image courtesy of Newsweek ",0
8242, Frustrated Rubio Staffers Attack Robot Protester (PHOTOS/VIDEO),"Frustrated staffers for Marco Rubio s beleaguered presidential campaign lashed out on Tuesday morning at protesters making fun of the junior senator s  habit of repeating himself in a robotic fashion.Protestors from the Democratic group American Bridge came to a Manchester, New Hampshire event for the Rubio campaign dressed in cardboard boxes designed to look like robots. One was labeled  Rubio Talking Point 3000. After they appeared, staffers pounced. They attacked the men in robot costumes, ripping at least one to shreds.Rubio staff begin shoving me pic.twitter.com/oJDy0Miihc  evale72 (@evale72) February 9, 2016On ground after they shoved me over pic.twitter.com/H7Ema1rhPB  evale72 (@evale72) February 9, 2016Kevin after they ripped his costume off pic.twitter.com/vzhOiQXsEV  evale72 (@evale72) February 9, 2016Here is video of the attack as well:Eddie Vale, vice president of American Bridge, wrote  Rubio told press at Manchester precinct for 20 minutes. After their staff pushed and shoved us he retreated to bus after like 2 mins. Rubio s campaign has been under fire since the Republican debate on Saturday night, where Gov. Chris Christie pointed out that in order to substitute for his lack of experience, Rubio had memorized mini-speeches that he leaned on as a crutch.Since then, the candidate has had to defend this habit, which has even been criticized by some figures on Fox News.Suddenly the candidate that has been promoted by some as the Republican establishment s answer to Donald Trump s insurgent campaign has been exposed with a flaw that is relatively easy for political opponents to exploit.The  Marcobot  idea is beginning to spread, and it is eroding Rubio s campaign that so far has been so heavily focused on his confidence and polish, allowing him to quickly play in the big leagues of American politics.Obviously his backers are feeling the heat as well, spilling over into a thuggish display at this campaign event. What once appeared to be a strong path to the nomination now appears to have some robot-sized obstacles in the way.Much like Dukakis in the tank, or the Dean Scream, Marcbot is on the loose   can the young senator contain it, or will he be destroyed by it?Featured image via Twitter",0
8243, Marco Rubio’s Attempt To Sweet Talk A Gay Voter In A New Hampshire Bar Ends In Tears (IMAGE),"Florida Republican senator and presidential hopeful Marco Rubio has spent much of his political life and campaign making life harder for LGBT people. So what happened when he was confronted by a real life gay man in new Hampshire on Monday? Nothing good.On Monday February 8th, openly gay 50-year-old Timothy Kierstead was enjoying a drink with his mother and his husband in the wonderfully appropriately named Puritan Backroom diner, when he was approached by Marco Rubio during a campaign event. He asked the candidate a very simple question: Why do you want to put me back in the closet? The color leeched from Rubio s face as he realized he d definitely come to the wrong table.The New York Times reports that the candidate, when face-to-face with Kierstead, responded: I don t You can live any way you want. But it did not end there. As The Times continues: Mr. Rubio, who is seeking to win over conservatives, is seldom asked about gay rights at his campaign stops.During a brief conversation, Mr. Kierstead, 50, told Mr. Rubio that he was married but complained that the senator s position amounted to him declaring that  we don t matter. Mr. Rubio, who was standing with his youngest son, Dominick, 8, by his side, gently disagreed.  No, I just believe marriage is between one man and one woman. Well,  replied Mr. Kierstead,  that s your belief. Mr. Rubio continued:  I think that s what the law should be. And if you don t agree you should have the law changed by a legislature. Rubio was reminded by Mr. Keirstad that this is exactly what the LGBT community had done, and that the Senator and his party were seeking to have their religious prejudices supersede the law of the land. In fact, just last December, Rubio told Chuck Todd: It is the current law. I don t believe any case law is settled law. Any future Supreme Court can change it. I don t think the current Constitution gives the federal government the power to regulate marriage, What is wrong is that the Supreme Court has found this hidden constitutional right that 200 years of jurisprudence had not discovered and basically overturned the will of the voters in Florida, where over 60 percent passed a constitutional amendment that defined marriage in the state constitution as the union of one man and one woman. In short, Rubio doesn t believe that the Constitution gives federal government the right to regulate marriage, unless it is regulating against the rights of same-sex couples. Rubio doesn t want the government regulating his access to guns, yet he is totally in favor of the government regulating the access of same-sex couples to marriage. This hypocrisy reveals that for Rubio and his fellow Republicans, the government can never be too big, so long it is enforcing their prejudices.Rubio, suddenly lost the courage of his convictions, tried to remove himself from the situation at the soonest opportunity. The campaign also did it s best to pretend the incident never even happened.Enjoyed meeting voters at the Puritan Backroom in Manchester, NH today. #fitn pic.twitter.com/S7VVTtnY40  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) February 8, 2016With his campaign polls going into free fall, his robotic performances being heavily criticized, and his failure to win round the Puritan Backroom   isn t it time Rubio slipped quietly into the night and declared what we all know to be true? It s game over for Marco Rubio. Featured image from Twitter",0
8244," Religious Bigots Angry At Beyonce, Coldplay For ‘Promoting Homosexuality’ At Superbowl 50 (TWEETS)","As per usual, the halftime show at the Superbowl was the main attraction. This year, it featured superstar singer Beyonce, along with the wildly popular band, Coldplay. It also featured lots of .rainbows. Of course, this particular detail upset the perpetually gay sex-obsessed religious bigots. They took to twitter to decry the fact that one of the manliest sports ever would dare to include anything rainbow themed in its entertainment for any reason whatsoever. Here are just a few choice tweets from the Twitter storm that ensued after the halftime show:Forgot the halftime show was changed to a gay rights movement  Keegs (@Bryan_Keegs) February 8, 2016@IngrahamAngle the homosexual promoting halftime show is over at my house.  S.Gatewood (@uspatriot72) February 8, 2016Super bowl 50 halftime show is emitting homosexual tendencies@CloydRivers what has America come to? Football is being destroyed.  Tyler Solomon (@TylerSolomon30) February 8, 2016I believe the message of that halftime show was ""quickly, become a homosexual""  Real Trent Flubbs (@RealTrentFlubbs) February 8, 2016Just because the super bowl is held near San Francisco doesn't mean we need to make it a homosexual congregation  Tyler Solomon (@TylerSolomon30) February 8, 2016Since when is the super bowl halftime show a gay pride festival  #HillaryForPrison (@Kovacina_Matt65) February 8, 2016All the Halftime performance did was try to promote homosexuality.  #JetIsBad (@Jetisbad) February 8, 2016Basically a homo pride celebration during halftime .. And that's one reason our country has gone down  CamVP(15-1)(2-0) (@Alpha_Dog_LM24) February 8, 2016Of course, what these morons missed is the fact that the rainbows had zilch to do with gay pride and everything to do with Coldplay s promotion of its upcoming album:A Head Full Of Dreams, the new album, out now.iTunes: https://t.co/9SLDz80L67Google Play: https://t.co/usisZNkHf7 pic.twitter.com/LUyFJRFPkD  Coldplay (@coldplay) February 6, 2016All this ridiculous complaining does is show how obsessed these pathetic people are with the activities of those who are in no way harming them. Nobody is going to force churches to perform gay weddings, or make them attend one. Nothing about their lives has changed with legalized marriage equality. The sky has not fallen. Perhaps the most accurate and ironic assessment of this whole ridiculous situation comes from Hemant Mehta, the Friendly Atheist, who reminded everyone that these complaints come from the same people who are watching a game in which dozens of men jump on top of each other for hours before dancing and patting each other on the butt. Featured image from video screen capture via Spin ",0
8245, ‘The Most Deranged Electoral Sh*t Show In A Generation’: Samantha Bee DESTROYS The GOP Race (VIDEO),"Comedian and former Daily Show correspondent Samantha Bee launched her first show at the helm of Full Frontal this week with an all-out skewering of the 2016 Presidential election race, focusing her best lines as the GOP clown car.Introducing the race as  the most deranged electoral sh*t show in a generation , Bee quickly moved onto to hilarious vocal assaults on individual candidates.After taking a moment to lampoon the outfit of Bernie Sanders, who she said appears to have shown up at the debate wearing the party s  big tent,  she told Hillary Clinton to  f*ck off  after a clip of the former Secretary of State making a transparently inauthentic attempt at being  folksy. But Bee was really just warming up, because then she turned to the GOP. Or, as Bee put it: We ll be honest with you people. We wont like two hours of jokes about the Democrats. But we had to throw them all away because then the Republicans laid out a banquet of all-you-can-eat crazy. She began with an attack on Iowa winner and  fist-faced horsesh*t salesman  Senator Ted Cruz. Then, the scene cuts to an interview with CNN s Dana Ford, and Heidi Cruz (the Senator s wife). Ford asks Heidi to explain why her husband is so thoroughly disliked by his fellow Republican Senators, candidates and well everyone in the country. As the scene pauses on the screen behind her, Bee gives a response on Heidi s behalf: It s not his fault, Dana, My husband has stage four cancer of the personality. Bee also skewers the candidate for this warped effort to utilize his own daughter to political advantage, by attempting to kiss her on camera. It all goes horribly wrong when she reels back from her dad s creepy advances. Let s just look at that again.  Bee takes apart Marco Rubio for exploiting his own children at a political rally, wing a clip of Rubio prompting his son to a truly abysmal gag. For what benefit? Oh look at that! Marco Rubio finally found a way to look like the big boy in the room!  she says.No candidate is left untouched in Bee s brilliant rant, which might just be the finest assault on the GOP clown car yet in the 2016 race.You can watch the piece in full in the video below:  SamBeeseg1 by lookatmyshirt Featured Image via Screengrab",0
8246, Trump’s Son Tries His Hand At Politics: Waterboarding ‘No Different’ Than Being A Frat Boy (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s son, Eric Trump, wants to be just like daddy. And, truth be told, normally there would be nothing wrong with that, except for the fact that his dad is none other than Donald Trump. So   maybe it s not his fault per say for this latest slip up of his (it is, after all, engrained into him) but little Trump ended up making quite the statement Monday night when he appeared on Fox s On the Record. It s so ridiculous even that maybe he does have a political future ahead of him, just like daddy.Here was what little Trump said when asked to explain what his dad meant by his  we ll do something worse than waterboarding  comments yesterday: You see these terrorists that are flying planes into buildings, right? You see our cities getting shot up in California. You see Paris getting shot up. And then somebody complains when a terrorist gets waterboarded, which quite frankly is no different than what happens on college campuses and frat houses every day. And, you know, the man would keep this country safe. There is no question about it. As he says, he  just wants to protect his father.  But, that s quite a statement he made. We re still trying to process it. We might even let such a ridiculous statement slide if it wasn t such a serious issue. Waterboarding is torture, end of discussion. We ve already dealt with George W. Bush s presidency; we don t need another. But, this is the main difference between Republicans and Democrats it seems; Trump isn t the only one who thinks waterboarding is okay. Ted Cruz has also come out on the record of saying it doesn t even fit the definition of torture, contrary to not only common sense but even the United Nation s definition. Here it is: Torture  means any act by which severe pain or suffering, whether physical or mental, is intentionally inflicted on a person for such purposes as obtaining from him or a third person information or a confession  when such pain or suffering is inflicted by or at the instigation of or with the consent or acquiescence of a public office or other person acting in an official capacity.Time and time again, highly credible experts and well-respected people have come forward on this issue, and all have said waterboarding is torture. This is a political issue of trying to look tough on terrorism, and it s also an election year. Deep down these guys don t care if it s torture or not; they think they re making the country safe. And, they re wrong.Featured image from screen capture.",0
8247, CA School Resource Officer Arrested For Having Sex With A Minor (VIDEO),"It is extremely important to vet the people we put in charge of our children    especially in positions of power. Apparently, a Chowchilla, California school, along with the local police department, failed to do so when it came to school resource officer Timothy Hormel.Hormel is currently on administrative leave because of allegations that he had sex with a minor. The 35-year-old cop was arrested by the Mandera County Sheriff s office after the accusations surfaced. As per usual, the police department is conducting an internal investigations in the Hormel s allegedly criminal actions. According the Sheriff s department, the minor was not a student at any school Hormel was assigned to.What makes this all so frustrating is that a predator like that never should have been anywhere around school children, especially not in a position of power. There s a reason there are age of consent laws: children do not have the mental and psychological capacity to consent to sex with adults. Further, Hormel could have used his power as an officer of the law to coerce the sex, if it did indeed happen.Either way, this guy needs to go to jail if he did this, and that Sheriff s department and local school system need to be investigated.Watch a video news report below, via ABC 30:Featured image from video screen capture",0
8248, Trump Encourages Audience To Call Ted Cruz A ‘P***y’ – Admits Protests Are Staged (VIDEO),"Just when you think Donald Trump can t get any more grotesque he proves us all wrong. It s as though he s trying to see how awful he can get and still get away with it.The real estate mogul has been racist, misogynistic, homophobic, dropped the f-bomb, amongst other several other things. Now, hearing an audience member from his latest rally in Manchester, NH, yell out  Ted Cruz is a pu y!  he encouraged them to say it again. He jokingly said,  I never expect to hear that from you again,  then he said it himself while laughing and barely containing his glee from the moment. He even had to turn away.Watch the moment here:Trump, of course, is trying to belittle his competition, and seeing that Cruz is the guy who beat in him in Iowa, he ll encourage any and all insults thrown at the Texas senator. Is this juvenile? Sure. Is it outrageous that a candidate for President of the United States will use the word  pu y  on a national stage? Of course. Would you expect anything less from Trump? Of course not.Let it be known, that the audience member who shouted this could have been a plant, so it would make it more acceptable for Trump to say this remark. As was pointed out by, well, himself shortly before the outburst, when he said: They re getting rid of some protesters, look. Are the police the greatest? I like protesters, because that s the only way the camera shows how big the crowd is. Sometimes we even stage protesters! And if they re openly admitting to staging protesters, they re probably also planting outbursts from supporters   probably:Note: Shortly before that audience member's Cruz outburst, Trump said this  https://t.co/MKFDoOfNf1  Angelo Carusone (@GoAngelo) February 9, 2016At least now we know why some protesters aren t beaten while others are.Let s be real, Trump is a walking and talking joke of a candidate. He has no political experience, no policy experience, no diplomatic experience, and as a businessman had to file for bankruptcy multiple times. What is he good at? Bullshitting. Which is how he s gotten as far as he has not only in this election, but also in life. And people, really imbecilic people, are falling for it.Now, if people insist on having a president who will openly use the word  pu y  on a national stage, well, then  Trump is your guy. However, let s hope he s not.Video/Featured image: YouTube",0
8249," Someone Just Tried To Perform An Exorcism On Ted Cruz; Unfortunately, It Failed (VIDEO)","While Ted Cruz would say that he is possessed by the spirit of his Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, some would argue that he is instead possessed by a more insidious force. According to two men who attended one of the Texas Senator s rallies, he s plagued by demons  likely the sort that cause a person to say and do things so stupid that they have a chance of becoming the GOP nominee for President.The Dallas Morning News reports that Cruz had just begun a speech when two men wielding mirrors and crosses appeared, one of the men shouting: Ted Cruz look in the mirror and let the evil spirit depart! He s possessed by a demon! Cruz s supporters began to boo as their allegedly demon-possessed leader joked that the men were sent by the Bernie Sanders campaign. As police forced the men to exit for simply expressing a religious opinion   something conservatives would normally oppose, even if it was crazy or in jest   the men managed to stay in character. He s possessed by a demon!  the man yelled.  The demon has to leave. That s why the body is so disgusting to look at! This, of course, is something with which Cruz s daughter seems to agree, as she was unwilling to accept her father s forced affection at another recent campaign event in which he tried to use her as a political prop. Further evidence that Cruz is possessed can, of course, be found in the words of the Senator s former college roommate, who has stated that Ted leaves behind a disgusting greasy film on anything he touches. Even science struggles to explain what, exactly, is so unsettling about Cruz but one neurologist explained that he is  at a loss  to explain why Cruz s face leaves him  cold. While it s unlikely Cruz is actually possessed by a demon, it is easy to see why one might assume this is the case. Yhe other man urged the Senator to look at himself in the mirror so  the evil can confront itself. Evil body! Evil spirit. Look yourself in the mirror!  the man said.As they exited the building, one of the unnamed men explained   still impressively in character   that: We just had to get rid of the evil spirit. I hope it works,  one man remarked, motioning that he was sick to his stomach.  He s very hard to be in the same room with. We had to exorcise some sort of disgusting evil spirit. There s a reason that the body is so haggard and disgusting, and the face, and it s all so weathered and gross and hard to look at.And it s because he s possessed by a demon. Being in the room with evil so close, it s just hard to even comprehend. The evil is so deep rooted and maybe if it had to confront itself. Watch the  exorcism  below: ABC Breaking News | Latest News VideosThe men explain their actions here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9sbySqe1Tw?rel=0&amp;showinfo=0&w=560&h=315]Featured image via screengrab/Dallas Morning News",0
8250, Couple Gives Up Buying $1 Million Boat To Send 26 Kindergarteners To College (VIDEO),"The parents at a Southern California elementary school just got their minds blown when they heard that a complete stranger had decided to pay for their kindergarten-age children to go to college.Navy vet and Fullerton lawyer Marty Burbank and his wife were the people who selflessly decided to abandon their dreams of buying the $1 million boat they met and got married on to put 26 kindergarteners at the Rio Vista Elementary School through college.When 51-year-old Burbank told kindergarten teacher Tessa Ashton his plan to ensure that each one of her kindergarteners would receive a college education, she could hardly believe it. Ashton said that the news forced her to give her young students a lesson about  happy tears  because they couldn t understand her powerful reaction to the news. She said: He cried and I cried. And the kids got really concerned because they ve never seen me cry! You don t walk into moments like that very often so it was kind of a magical thing. Burbank had met Ashton several years ago when they were both attending a service day at the Placentia-Yorba Linda Unified School District campus. Since then, he d donated tons of supplies to the elementary school such as a thousand notebooks and snacks for the children. Burbank noticed that one of the rooms had a display of college flags, and the image stuck with him. Burbank knew he could change these children s lives in a bigger way than simply donating supplies. He said: They don t come from families where anybody has had an opportunity to go to college. And college is not something that the parents talk to the kids about. Burbank was inspired to forgo his plan to buy the sentimental boat after he heard a sermon about giving. Burbank, who d been sailing since he was a toddler, said: Sailing has been a big part of my life. (But) the boat seemed like a real selfish thing to me at that point. This is something significant that I think is going to impact a lot more people than just me. Burbank s wife, Seon Chun-Burbank, was more than on board with the idea. She had come from a family who could never afford a college education, and said it was only because of her aunt s financial support that she became a first-generation college graduate. She explained: I like the movie  Pay It Forward. I got a lot of help and now I m helping others. And I hope they can do that too. You can listen to Burbank talk about his amazing act of kindness below:The kids are more than enthusiastic about their new future. Six-year-old Jessyca Resendiz said, College is a big place and there is a fountain. It has a big cafeteria that has coffee and bread.  Resendiz has plans to be a doctor, and because of Burbank and his wife, she ll get to fulfill that dream.One of the kindergartener s parents, Silvia Escobar, revealed that she had only completed second grade and didn t have the opportunity that her son would have thanks to Burbank s kindness. She said, May God bless him always for helping people who truly need his help. There are no words. Burbank s gift is for each child to receive two years of community college, and two years at a university in California. Burbank will also cover the cost of the children s books. With inflation taken into account, the lawyer estimates that it will take approximately $1 million to cover the kindergarteners  tuition and expenses, beginning in 2032.On Monday, the Burbanks received thank-you cards from the students, but the knowledge that there will be education in each child s future is enough for the couple. There s just one catch   the parents are to keep the Burbanks up to date on their children s academics and the students must submit a picture or essay about what they would like to be when they grow up every year. Burbanks, who has now decided to postpone his retirement, said: I d rather not have a boat and get these kids through school. Maybe one day they ll buy me a boat. Featured image is a screenshot",0
8251, This State Is About To Let Guns Have More Rights Than Most People,"Just when you think things can t get any more absurd than they already are, Republicans go and prove you wrong. Now, in the state of Michigan, Republicans are pushing for a law that would allow law-abiding  citizens to carry concealed pistols without a government-issued permit.  Who are these legislators that are introducing such absurd legislation? Michigan Reps. Tom Barrett, R-Potterville; Lee Chatfield, R-Levering; Triston Cole, R-Mancelona; and Jim Runestad, R-White Lake.In HB 5301, it states: A person shall not carry a dagger, dirk, stiletto, a double-edged nonfolding stabbing instrument of any length, or any other dangerous weapon OTHER THAN A PISTOL, except a hunting knife adapted and carried as such, concealed on or about his or her person, or whether concealed or otherwise in any vehicle operated or occupied by the person, except in his or her dwelling house, IN HIS OR HER place of business, or on other land possessed by the person. To summarize, knives bad, guns good. Makes sense, right?According to MLive: Cole, author of House Bill 5304, said the current Concealed Pistol License permit requirement in Michigan is a  government over-reach  that places an undue burden on residents who want to defend themselves against criminals.  Criminals don t have to go through a training class and wait for government permission to have a handgun before they commit armed robbery, yet a law-abiding citizen who simply wants the option of self-defense has to jump through all the hoops and pay a price to carry a concealed weapon,  he said in a prepared statement. People who want to ensure the safety of their families against the criminal element should not have to beg for that right,  Cole said. Here s a reminder for Triston Cole: guns safety laws are not  government overreach.  In fact, the Second Amendment calls for a well regulated (ie. well-trained and maintained) militia. The founders didn t write  well regulated  for no reason. They knew an armed populace also needs to be held under certain laws, restrictions and training. If getting a gun permit and/or training is too hard for some folks, maybe they shouldn t have guns, because they apparently don t have the mental capacity to seek a proper permit. This sort of vigilante justice is exactly what s wrong with parts of America. We need more laws, not fewer, and we definitely don t need a bunch of people just going out, buying guns, and carrying them wherever they like.It s amazing, really. Guns and gun owners in Michigan are about to have more rights than women, and the LGBT community. Apparently,  sodomy  is to be labeled a felony in the state and punishable by up to 15 years in prison. And as far as abortion rights for women, here are the restrictions in Michigan:Keep in mind, abortion is legal nationwide, and has been since 1973.It is absolutely outrageous how these Republicans will say that going to get a gun permit is  government overreach,  yet in the same breath go in to people s bedrooms and call them a felon, or into a woman s uterus and call her a murderer.They definitely have their priorities backwards, and should be condemned for this outrageous way of thinking.Featured image: Wikimedia Commons",0
8252, This Ridiculously Creepy Vine May Prove Ted Cruz Is Steve King’s Ventriloquist Dummy (VIDEO),"There have been a lot of strange this that have happened this presidential election season, but some things are definitely stranger than others. One of those things being the fact that Rep. Steve King (R-IA) seems to know Sen. Ted Cruz s speeches by heart.Now, one could assume that it s because he s heard them so many times and Cruz doesn t change things up, so like a fan of a band he s mouthing the words. Another assumption could be made that perhaps he helped write the speech, so he s proudly mouthing the words along side his partner in conservative crime. However, probably the most accurate assumption would be that Ted Cruz is actually King s ventriloquist dummy and he s not doing a good job of hiding the movements of his mouth.Need proof? Watch this Vine: Now, this is still just a working theory, but it s one that makes the most sense, really. How else can one explain that they seem to be the same person in two different bodies. Albeit, one is Canadian and the other from Iowa.Need further proof?flickr/amazonI can t be the only one who sees this? How uncanny is that? I mean, c mon.However, I digress, maybe, just maybe, King should either practice his ventriloquism better, or learn to keep his mouth just so he doesn t appear to be a creeper in the background. Either choice would work.Video/Featured image from  Vine",0
8253, Fox News And Rudy Giuliani Fully Brought Out Their White Hoods To Attack Beyoncé (VIDEO),"How does the saying go? Fox News: Not racist, but number one with racists. Actually, no, they are pretty damn racist. And proof of this can be seen on Fox & Friends, when they decided to talk about the Super Bowl halftime show and Beyonc s performance.According to Fox News and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, Beyonc  wasn t  wholesome  enough for them, and she bashed police officers. You know, because god forbid as an African-American artist Beyonc  speak of the ever-present reality of police brutality that has become an epidemic in the nation for people of color. And instead of seeing her performance as something that can bring people together to tackle hate, Giuliani saw it as a tribute to the Black Panthers.Brian Kilmeade said: I couldn t really make out what Beyonc  was saying. But at the end, we find out Beyonc  dressed up in a tribute to the Black Panthers, went to a Malcolm X formation. And the song, the lyrics, which I couldn t make out a syllable, were basically telling cops to stop shooting blacks! Okay, first of all, here s who Beyonc  seemed to be paying tribute to, after all the entire halftime show was paying tribute to past performers:Michael Jackson. Beyonce. #SuperBowl pic.twitter.com/VAraK3dppE  zellie (@zellieimani) February 8, 2016Fox News, though, knowing they have to cater to their racist fan base, insists it s a tribute to the Black Panthers.Secondly, if she is speaking of police brutality, what better stage than one that is being watched by over 100 million viewers worldwide. It is a national epidemic that is obvious to anyone who isn t a raging racist.Giuliani chimed in with: I think it was outrageous. The halftime show I thought was ridiculous anyway, I don t know what the heck it was. A bunch of people like bouncing around and doing strange things. I actually don t even know why we have this. I thought it was really outrageous that she used it as a platform to attack police officers, who are the people who protect her. What we should be doing in the African-American community and all communities is build up respect for police officers. He apparently doesn t see that, while yes, police officers should be respected, many of these officers need to also respect the citizens they are paid to serve and protect.The former mayor continued: This is a political position and she s probably going to take advantage of it. You re talking to middle America when you have the Super Bowl. So if you re going to have entertainment, let s have decent, wholesome entertainment. And not use it as a platform to attack the people who put their lives at risk just to save us. Yes, let s not ever make people think about things. Let s keep things clean and under cover, like apparently this entire couch when they are wearing their white sheets at the local Klan meeting. What the actual fuck? They are being racist, at this point, to just be racist. Beyonc s performance was flawless and entertaining, see it for what it is, and not for what your racist brain twists it to be.Watch the whole exchange here: Video/Featured image fromRaw Story YouTube",0
8254, West Virginia GOP Push Bill To Literally Give Conservative Christians Ability To Break The Law At Will,"If West Virginia Republicans have their way, conservative Christians will be able to break any law they don t like and use  religious freedom  as a defense.Outrageous legislation known as Senate Bill 11 would create anarchy across the state by giving conservative Christians the ability to ignore any law they think doesn t have a  governmental interest of the highest magnitude that cannot otherwise be achieved without burdening the exercise of religion. For instance, bigoted Christians could argue that they can ignore anti-discrimination laws that protect racial and religious minorities as well as gay people. They could also argue that they can ignore sexual harassment laws, traffic laws, gun control laws, environmental laws, or any other law they don t like and all they have to do is claim that such laws impede their  sincerely held  religious beliefs.SB 11 states: Exercise of religion  means the sincere practice or observance of religion or religious conscience. It includes, but is not limited to, the ability to act or refuse to act in a manner substantially motivated by one s sincerely held religious beliefs or religious conscience, whether or not the exercise is compulsory or central to a larger system of religious belief.This is perhaps the most dangerous piece of legislation Republicans have ever dreamed up.It s basically a get out of jail free card for Christians who think they should be able to hide behind their Bibles to get away with disobeying the law.According to civil rights advocate Tim Peacock,SB 11 would literally create a new class of rights superior to all other protections afforded at the local, state or federal level. It would create a special class of rights wherein one civil right comes into conflict with another, religious belief would always prevail.As Peacock further explains, it would fall to government to  offer a compelling state interest in violating the person s beliefs. In short, West Virginia would be turned into an anarchy as conservatives use their  Christian  beliefs as an excuse to violate the laws while everyone else has to follow the law to the letter since they wouldn t have these new special rights.And you can bet that conservative lawmakers across the country are looking at passing the same legislation in their own states as they continue to desperately try anything to replace civil law with biblical law. This is what religious tyranny looks like. Featured Image: Wikimedia ",0
8255," Asked Why He’s Defending Abortion Group Pro-Bono, Lawyer Drops Truthbomb Pro-Lifers Will HATE","After the release of a series of fraudulent  hidden camera  videos purporting to show Planned Parenthood engaged in illegal body part trafficking, Republican lawmakers pounced. In red state after red state, Republican governors demanded investigations into the allegations. (In fact, they had been waiting for this moment for some time. The pro-life activist group responsible for the videos had been coordinating with conservative politicians for months and the bedfellows   Republicans and activists   worked together to create anti-Planned Parenthood legislation timed with the release of the tapes.)Ultimately, not a single investigation found evidence of wrongdoing. Planned Parenthood clinics around the country were exonerated one by one. In a twist, the anti-abortion group that made the tapes, Center for Medical Progress, did get indicted for criminal charges stemming from using fake identification.But while it s certainly a victory for justice that Planned Parenthood came out squeaky clean and the anti-abortion group s leaders are facing prison time, it wasn t a total victory. Planned Parenthood devotes almost all of its budget to helping men and women have affordable access to healthcare. They don t have the money to waste on endless witch hunts. Given the lack of evidence of wrongdoing, it s pretty clear that Republicans were hoping to bankrupt them on trumped up charges, rather than actually catch them in a criminal act.Thankfully, the unsung heroes in this story are the lawyers who agreed to represent Planned Parenthood and other abortion groups. They didn t do it because they were going to get rich, in fact, they ll get nothing; they did it because it was the right thing to do.Highlighting that point is Derek Foran, a partner at a corporate law firm named Morrison & Foerster. In an interview with the New York Times, Foran walks us through his thought process when he was asked to represent the National Abortion Federation pro-bono.The organization, the National Abortion Federation, had trouble finding a law firm to represent it pro bono. Morrison & Foerster, which previously handled abortion-rights cases, received the request and emailed lawyers at the firm about the inquiry. Mr. Foran raised his hand and, soon after, secured a court order stopping the group from releasing information from the organization s meetings.Why would he stick his neck out for a group that had no way of paying him? His answer is both uplifting and brutally honest. I don t like bullies,  Mr. Foran, who was born and raised in Ireland, said in an interview this week.  And these guys were not only trying to bully women, they were trying to bully poor women. Foran isn t exaggerating. Planned Parenthood predominately helps the poorest women in the country. Aside from providing women access to their constitutional right to have an abortion, the clinics also do life-saving medical check-ups and tests. Shutting them down is a clear message from Republican lawmakers to American women: We do not care about you. It s bullying.Foran, representing NAF, decided to hit the  bullies  back to protect the vital work that Planned Parenthood was doing. They filed a lawsuit against Center for Medical Progress in San Francisco. Thankfully, his job was made a bit easier because Fox News   in its rush to praise the anti-abortion activists   was giving the fraudsters a ton of airtime   all of which was being used to build a case against them. I turned on Fox News and they were open right away about what they did,  Foran told reporters.Unlike the lawsuits and investigations directed at Planned Parenthood, Foran s goals were never malicious. He didn t intend to  destroy  any side of the issue based on a fanatical belief in his own ideological superiority. He was simply standing up for what was right. Our lawsuit is not about pro-choice versus pro-life,  he said.  What you can t do is defraud people, lie and go about manufacturing tales. These guys are accountable under the law just like everybody else. And that s the missing piece in many of the stories covering the Planned Parenthood videos. They are lies, carefully fabricated to achieve an agenda. No matter where you stand on the issue of abortion, this type of smear campaign is just wrong.Pro-life activists are, of course, despondent over their recent change in fortune. After scoring a victory with the release of those tapes, Planned Parenthood continues to thrive, and the videos and the group which produced them have been thoroughly discredited. The lawmakers who once thought they could defund and bankrupt women s clinics are losing every battle. Things have gone just about as badly as they possibly could have on nearly every front.Feature image from Flickr",0
8256, Marco Rubio’s Friend Thinks He Needs To See A Doctor After His Insane Debate Performance (VIDEO),"When Marco Rubio announced that he was running for president, some people thought that he was going to be the who beat Jeb and Trump. Some have even speculated that he is the only Republican presidential candidate who would have a fighting chance against the Democratic nominee. However, over the last week or so, he s just started acting really, really strange and now even his friends are worried about him.First, after Ted Cruz was declared the winner of the Iowa Caucus, Rubio stood up at a podium and gave a victory speech. Seriously, he literally stood there for nearly twelve minutes. He spoke for so long that even I started to believe that the news stations were all wrong and he was the first place, not third place winner. It was the most awkward thing I have witnessed since he desperate reach for water during the State of the Union rebuttal in 2013.So, after his extremely awkward Iowa Caucus speech, he showed up at the Republican debate and it only got worse.During the debate Rubio repeated the same line four times. It was almost as if his team was like, Yo, Marco, whenever you get stuck just say  Obama knows exactly what he s doing.  Don t worry, bro, the crowd will know what you re saying. Watching him repeat himself was painful and highlighted all of his inexperience. But, one of his personal friends, CNN commentator Anna Navarro said she thinks that his performance illustrates a much larger problem for the candidate: I ve got to tell you this. By the fourth time he was repeating the exact same words verbatim, I was concerned for his health. Just because Marco is too good And somehow his cables got crossed. You know, short-circuited. And it was very weird. You know your debate theatrics were really, really bad when one of your friends thinks you need to go see a doctor. I personally believe he is just in too deep and not ready to play such a large roll in the government; he is not President Obama. But just to be on the safe side, maybe Ben Carson should take a look at his noggin with those gifted hands of his.Watch the interview below: Featured image via video screenshot",0
8257, Senator Slimeball Is At It Again: Cruz Sends Fake ‘Checks’ To Trick Voters Into Giving Him Money,"It might just be time to say Sen. Ted Cruz, in his desperation to win, is running the most disgusting, deceitful political campaign in U.S. history. He seems eager to keep using these underhanded tactics. He clearly enjoys it.After unapolegetically pissing off the entire state of Iowa with fraudulent mailers, Cruz immediately traveled to New Hampshire and beyond where  he s doing the exact same thing. In New Jersey, for example, residents woke up this week to find that Cruz had sent them a  check  in the mail.For a struggling family, a bit of free money coming in the mail out of the blue could mean everything. Tearing it open, what did they find? A shameless campaign tactic designed to get them to give money to Cruz s floundering campaign. Rather than a check made out to them, Cruz s campaign took it upon themselves to write out a check paid to the order of  Cruz for President  for $45.00.It was all part of Cruz s (possibly illegal) money-making scheme that he s used in recent weeks. Cruz has suggested that he has  secret  wealthy backers that have promised to match donations with regular voters. He begs supporters to give him as much money as they can so that these anonymous, super-secret definitely  real  rich friends of his will double the money.While these underhanded tactics probably do work to get Cruz the money he needs to pay people to like him, it s hard to imagine they are doing wonders for his electability. At this rate, there won t be a state in the country that Cruz hasn t personally disgusted with his slimeball campaign. Iowa s state government is already floating the idea that they will be looking into legal action against Cruz s campaign for the numerous election laws that Cruz skated the line of.For Cruz, all of this backlash might be worth it. He s long been considered one of the most reviled people in politics. People who know him, people who work with him, people who once lived with him in college, all say he s a creep. He s not going to win votes by popularity or policy. Instead, his campaign has always been about raising a ton of money from a select group of millionaires and billionaires and then desperately clinging onto fringe right voters who find his homophobia and poor-shaming rhetoric  a turn on.If Cruz s campaign continues to drag for the duration of the primaries, expect to see all the stops pulled out. His team is clearly looking for any possible way to win   ethics and lawfulness need not apply.Featured image from Gage Skidmore/Flickr ",0
8258, People Are Now Hilariously Trolling Marco Rubio By Showing Up To Rallies Dressed As Robots (IMAGE),"Marco Rubio sounded so robotic during the last GOP debate that people are now trolling him by dressing up as robots.As you ll recall, Rubio had a terrible performance on Saturday night thanks to the efforts of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Christie nailed Rubio for repeating the same line over and over again in a matter of minutes as if the Florida Senator malfunctioned and became a broken record. Let s dispel once and for all with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn t know what he s doing,  Rubio said in response to Christie s charge that Rubio lacks the experience to be president.  He knows exactly what he s doing. Rubio would go on to repeat the line several more times. Let s dispel with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn t know what he s doing. He knows exactly what he s doing. Here s the bottom line. This notion that Barack Obama doesn t know what he s doing is just not true. He knows exactly what he s doing. Christie didn t let Rubio get away with it either. Christie accused Rubio of being scripted. This is what Washington D.C. does,  Christie said.  The drive-by shot at the beginning with incorrect and incomplete information and then the memorized 25-second speech. That is exactly what his advisers gave him. It was a disaster for Rubio, especially since he looked to be rising in the New Hampshire polls. But now, he s seen as a robot who is pre-programmed to say certain things.And he s not going to able to forget about his robotic blunder any time soon.Some clever people had the brilliant idea to troll Rubio by dressing up as robots. In the Twitter image below, you can see two guys in their robot gear. One is named Marco Roboto and the other is called Rubio Talking Point 3000.Outside Rubio s 1st NH event today, per @InesdLC:  Marco Roboto  +  Rubio Talking Point 3000,  from @American_Bridge pic.twitter.com/ISqYoSg9cP  Ben Siegel (@benyc) February 7, 2016As if the Republican primary couldn t get any stranger, we now have robots trolling the candidates and we have Marco Rubio to thank for it.Domo arigato, Marco Roboto. Featured image from Digital Journal",0
8259, These Secret Koch Bros. Memos Expose Propaganda Plans,"Secret memos have been unearthed that show the inner workings of a propaganda campaign being waged in order to keep the multi-million dollar influence of dark money groups funded by people like the Koch Brothers a secret.In the documents obtained by the non-profit investigative news site ProPublica, instructions have been disseminated by the State Policy Network to tell right-wing politicians how to fight against campaign finance laws, and how to push back on laws that fight other political corruption.The State Policy Network, which on its website calls pro-regulation activists  enemies of debate,  distributed its documents at a conference held last fall in Grand Rapids, Michigan. The material includes a map of cities and states considering measures to  force disclosure of charitable giving  and a set of  questions that help people see the consequences of public disclosure.  Among them:  Do you think the government should be able to take down names and addresses of Americans and who they donate to? Do you think people should be targeted for expressing their opinions? The organization also urges its supporters to choose the right phrases to color the debate, shunning terms such as  activist,   anonymous  or  dark money  in favor of  private giving,   censor  and  silencing dissent.  Under the header  Framing the Issue,  a man is pictured with tape over his mouth.In a perversion of the phrase  free speech,  the memos argue that bills dealing with corruption or ethics should be examined in order to campaign against them with the claim that they are censoring free speech.The goal here is to keep in place a world where right-wing billionaires like the Koch Brothers, who bankroll organizations like the State Policy Network along with other conservative sugar daddies, set the policy and the direction of America.The continued use of  dark money  to influence local and national elections without identifying the people behind it is a long-term aim of the right. By contrast, progressive activists have argued that if someone is putting millions or billions of dollars into political campaigns, often with the hopes that the politicians they ve helped to elect will return the favor with laws tilted in favor of the super-rich, we should know who they are.Featured image via YouTube",0
8260, Jeb Bush Was Just Asked To Sum Up Donald Trump In One Word (VIDEO),"The Republican Party s establishment candidates are being thrashed by the evangelical right wingers. So, when Jeb Bush went appeared on MSNBC s Morning Joe on Monday morning, he decided it was time to fight fire with fire. He opened a can of whoop-ass.Bush took a moment to hit out at his Republcan peers for failing to take on Donald Trump. He seems staggered by the success of the Trump campaign, which has turned former anticipated favorites into footnotes in the race so far. He puts this down to other candidates being too  scared  to confront the  bully. It s just ridiculous. I mean the guy, he s just a real estate guy  he told the hosts.  He s gone bankrupt four times! He s a successful man but not perfect by any stretch of the imagination, so why not confront him, challenge him? Later on, Bush played a word association game about his Republican and Democrat rivals with host Mika Brzezinski. The results were more than revealing. Here were his answers:MIKA: Chris ChristieJEB!: Great guy.MIKA: Marco RubioJEB!: Work in progressMIKA: Hillary ClintonJEB!: Can be beatenMIKA: Bernie SandersJEB!: Love the ad!But the one the really stands out? He summed up Trump Eoin just one word.MIKA: Donald TrumpJEB!: Loser.There aren t really any issues where we agree with the platform of Jeb Bush. Despite presenting himself as a moderate among the likes of Trump and Cruz, Bush is promising a pretty similar offer to America. He is just another anti-science, anti-choice, pro-gun, creationist attempting to drag America back into the dark ages. but on this one thing, Jeb: spot on. It s actually the second time in 24 hours that Jeb! has called Trump as loser. He got a standing ovation for doing the same during an address in New Hampshire on Sunday night.But however angry Bush is, he is still polling below 10% in New Hampshire while Trump soars over 30%. It appears the GOP is choosing which lunatic they want to run the asylum, and the crazier the better. Featured image from video screen capture",0
8261," Sanders BLASTS Misogynist ‘Bernie Bro’ Fans: ‘I Don’t Want That Crap, I Don’t Want Them’ (VIDEO)","Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton are in a dead heat right now to win the Democratic presidential nomination. This, of course, means attacks from both sides   and not just from the candidates themselves. It also means that their respective fans are at war. However, there is a troubling faction among Sanders supporters: blatant misogynists. This online phenomenon, with said fans being known as  Bernie Bros,  is troubling to anyone who abhors sexism of any and all kinds  including Bernie Sanders himself.The senator sat down on Sunday with CNN s Jack Tapper on State of the Union, and, of course, Tapper wanted Sanders  opinion on this particular part of his rabid fanbase. When confronted about the misogyny, Sanders didn t hold back, and positively blasted his own  fans .Tapper posed the question thusly: Have you heard about this phenomenon  Bernie bros ? People who support you, and sometimes attack in very crude and sexist ways? Sanders responded swiftly, and with obvious disgust, saying that he s not down with what some of his so-called fans are up to on the interwebs: Yeah, I have heard about it. It s disgusting. We don t want that crap. And we will do everything we can, and I think we have tried. Look, anybody who is supporting me and is doing sexist things is   we don t want them. I don t want them. That s not what this campaign is about. Good on Bernie for calling out his own worst fans. For someone who is largely seen as the underdog in this race, it was a risky and honorable thing to do.In short, no matter who you support, if you re a Democrat, progressive, liberal   or, hell, even just someone with common sense who sees the danger of ushering in one of the GOP Clown Car candidates this November   you ll call out the crap that is dividing the party of sense.Thanks, Bernie, for doing your part and keeping these  bros  in check.Watch the clip below:https://youtu.be/gCcgZjxEskYFeatured image from video screen capture via Raw Story",0
8262, Here’s How The NY Times First Wrote About Obama In 1990 — It Is Not Pretty (IMAGE),"A little more than 25 years ago, the New York Times ran its first profile on Barack Obama. Reading it now, it is stunning just how much has changed, and how much has not.The NYT was writing up 28-year-old Columbia University graduate Barack Obama for becoming the first black President of the Harvard Law Review. Looking at this piece today, it is difficult to understand how just 18 years later, he would become the first black President of the United States.Let s start with the headline: First Black Elected To Lead Harvard Law Review? Frankly, it made us think of the recent headlines about chimpanzees reaching the stone age.  But despite the tone of the piece, in which the tone of paternalism wafts out of the pages even a quarter of a century later, Obama is notably chill. He makes a point in 1990 that he continues to make, and is just as relevant, today. He told the Times: The fact that I ve been elected shows a lot of progress, it s encouraging.   But, he added,  it s important that stories like mine aren t used to say that everything is O.K. for blacks. You have to remember that for every one of me, there are hundreds or thousands of black students with at least equal talent who don t get a chance. There are the same fears of tokenism in 2016 and there were in 1990. Nowhere is this more apparent than in our systems of education, saw and justice.The U.S. has the highest incarceration rate in the world.  This means a higher percentage of U.S. citizens pass through the prison system, than any other country on the planet.For most countries with comparable demographics to the US, there will be 100 prisoners per every 100,000 population. In the US, the rate is five times this at 500 per 100,000. But black men in the U.S. are incarcerated at an eye watering rate of 3,074 per 100,000.This is not because black men are somehow genetically more pre-disposed to crime, but thanks in large part to the school to prison pipeline.  The average state prisoner has a 10th grade education, and about 70% have not completed high school. The U.S. Education System delivers disadvantaged children over to prisons for profit.The American Civil Liberties Union described the School to Prison pipeline of the U.S. Education System like this: A disturbing national trend wherein children are funneled out of public schools and into the juvenile and criminal justice systems. Many of these children have learning disabilities or histories of poverty, abuse or neglect, and would benefit from additional educational and counseling services. Instead, they are isolated, punished and pushed out.  Zero-tolerance  policies criminalize minor infractions of school rules, while high-stakes testing programs encourage educators to push out low-performing students to improve their schools  overall test scores. Students of color are especially vulnerable to push-out trends and the discriminatory application of discipline. The School to Prison pipeline starts with underfunded public schools. The schools are generally overcrowded and lack funding for qualified teachers, counsellors, special educational needs resources and even textbooks.  The children are clear from the get-go that their education is not being invested in   and these schools are normally in disadvantaged areas in the first place. There is no hope, no aspiration, no encouragement, no learning.The implementation of  zero tolerance  policies in schools have turned minor infractions into criminal offences.  This saw suspensions treble between 1974 and 2001  rising from 1.7m to 3.1m, and disproportionately impacting children of color.A combination of major under-resourcing and fear of school-based shootings has seen an influx of police in schools. Instead of teachers, many U.S. schools now have  School Resource Officers patrolling the hallways, criminalising standard misbehavior. Again, children of color are disproportionately represented in the statistics   making up 70% of school arrests made. So, what were these children arrested for?Where children should be being educated about positive and negative behaviours, they are being criminalised as young as six years old. Their educations are being suspended or ended due to these punishments and they are gifted to the prison system.The truth is, disadvantaged children in the U.S. have become a source of profit for the private prison industry.  Over the past four decades that private prisons were rolled out across the US, there has been a simultaneous explosion in crime. Did citizens suddenly become more criminal? No. Poverty was criminalised, and it made its way all the way into the school system.So, while it is shocking to see the nakedly paternalistic language of the NY Times profile from 1990, and think how much has changed   the situation remains staggeringly similar to the majority of the black community of the United States.Featured image from Vox",0
8263, Beyonce’s Super Bowl Performance Had An Important Hidden Message You Need To Hear (VIDEO),"Beyonce is one of the most sought-after performers in the world, and she knows how to deliver an electrifying performance. She did exactly that during Super Bowl 50. In addition to her amazing lyrics and dancing, Beyonce also had an important message for the country, putting the Black Lives Matter Movement at center stage in front of hundreds of millions of people.Beyonce is no stranger to political activism. Appearing with Bruno Mars and Coldplay, she introduced her first song in more than a year entitled Formation. But, Formation is not just any song: it also happens to be  an ode to the Black Lives Matter Movement, as evidenced by the song s newly-released music video.[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5BPfRHX1SE]Beyonce begins the video by standing on top of a submerged car in a post-Hurricane Katrina New Orleans. Then a small child in a black hoodie appears in front of a line of police officers only to be covered by the words Stop shooting us. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrCHz1gwzTo]Beyonce and her husbamd Jay-Z are known to be politically active, and it s not surprising that she would embrace and take on such an important issue. She and Jay-Z spent tens of thousands of dollars last year to bail out protesters in Baltimore.It s very important that the Black Lives Matter movement is known as well as embraced by the entire country. Beyonce s use of the Super Bowl as a platform has potentially reached hundreds of millions of people. Featured image via video screen capture",0
8264, President Makes Surprise Appearance After Super Bowl – And He Has Jokes (VIDEO),"President Obama made a surprise appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert after Super Bowl 50 concluded and didn t come unprepared. While carrying a football with him, he also came with a few jokes as well. Nobody knew he d be on the show, so it was definitely a shock to everyone watching. President Obama: After every Super Bowl, I call the winning team to congratulate them, and sometimes I also call the losing team, especially if I bet on them.Colbert: Sir, I hate to break this to you, but betting is illegal.President Obama: Ehh, I m the president. I hereby pardon myself.Colbert: Okay, fair enough.When he first came on the show via a video feed, it wasn t clear to the audience that the show wasn t being cast live. That soon became very obvious after a few more moments. They actually pre-recorded the interaction an entire week ago.He then made a few jokes about every Super Bowl winner being put on the back of the U.S. Constitution. We re sure a few conservatives out there will take that as an opportunity to take a few jabs at the president for not knowing the Constitution. To them we say, lighten up.Colbert:  So, let me get this straght, you don t even know who won the game, sir?President Obama: Of course, I do. It was the Denver Broncos.Colbert: What? If this is a pre-tape, how could you possibly know that?President Obama:  Stephen, I am the president   and it turns out all the Super Bowl winners for the next 50 years are written on the back of the Constitution. That s the plot of National Treasure 3. After throwing the football to First Lady Michelle Obama, she can be seen doing her  very best touchdown dance  in a room full of kids. Turns out, Mr. Obama isn t supposed to be throwing footballs in the White House. Mr. President, shame on you.Featured image via screen capture.",0
8265, Marcobot Malfunction: New Data Shows Rubio’s Campaign In Crisis (PHOTOS),"A new poll of New Hampshire voters could show an alarming collapse for Senator Marco Rubio. The poll, conducted by a pro-John Kasich super PAC, may change the trajectory of the 2016 Republican presidential campaign.The poll, conducted by the pro-John Kasich New Day for America Super PAC, shows Rubio plummeting to fourth place in the primary here, with 10 percent of the vote. Most of the polling conducted in the immediate days before the debate showed Rubio in second place.The survey, which was based on phone calls to 500 likely voters (margin of error plus or minus 3 percent), was conducted Sunday, the day following the latest Republican debate. Rubio came under scathing attack from Chris Christie, who cast the first term Florida senator as too unready, ambitious, and superficial to occupy the Oval Office.By comparison, the most recent average of polling in New Hampshire shows Rubio pulling in 15.1 percent, in second place behind Donald Trump at 31.3 percent.While the super PAC poll may be a statistical outlier, Rubio received criticism on both the left and right for his performance in the Republican debate on Saturday night. After Governor Chris Christie pointed out that Rubio had performed the same mini-speech twice before at the event, Rubio again returned to his comfort zone.The next day, the nickname Marcobot began circulating for the senator, and video of his exchanges with Christie went viral.A pro-Democratic super PAC constructed robot costumes out of cardboard and appeared outside a Rubio event with the label  Marco Roboto. Rubio's new tag alongs: Marco Roboto +Rubio Talking Point 3000. ""The costumes came out about as well as his debate."" pic.twitter.com/jpswCAKYwX  Jane C. Timm (@janestreet) February 7, 2016In a post-debate appearance on ABC s This Week, Rubio tried to do some damage control on his mistake by doubling down on it:Shown a video of his repeated remarks produced by the Clinton super PAC  Correct the Record,  Rubio said he  would pay them to keep running that clip. That s what I believe passionately,  he said.  It s one of the reasons why I m not running for re-election to the Senate and I m running for president. This notion and this idea that somehow all this is an accident   Obamacare was not an accident, Dodd Frank was not an accident, the deal with Iran was not an accident. Even if the poll results end up being just a super PAC leaning too hard on the scales, the glitch in Rubio s delivery has opened up a line of attack for Democrats, along with his extremist position that women shouldn t be allowed to have an abortion, even in cases of rape and incest.Many in the media have continued to hype Rubio as a winning Republican  establishment  candidate, even though he only mustered a third place finish in the Iowa caucus. If he fails to win in New Hampshire, the path to the nomination will continue to be filled with obstacles he never anticipated.Featured image via Flickr",0
8266," Lady Gaga Gives Most Amazing National Anthem In History, Homophobes Lose It (VIDEO)","If you happened to miss Lady Gaga give the national anthem before kick-off at Super Bowl 50, you missed one of the most spectacular national anthems in recent history, probably the best ever. Some are saying she did better than Whitney Houston, even. In any case, no matter how well you rate her performance it was certainly up there. She absolutely slayed it, making it her own, and that s no understatement.If you don t already know, Lady Gaga has been a long time advocate of gay rights. The Queen of Twitter had everyone in an uproar after hearing her performance and for all it s worth, the only people who hated it, are, you guessed it, anti-gay homophobes. They couldn t stand it!#WATCH: Lady Gaga s full performance/rendition of the National Anthem at the #SuperBowl?? #SB50 https://t.co/KBkqfakHS2  Lady Gaga | ARTPOP (@stevenartpop) February 8, 2016 Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Facebook.Even still, their hate was out-weighed 10 to 1 by the sheer amount of love and adoration she received from practically everyone else, you know, the rest of America not obsessed with hate. Ellen DeGeneres even boasted about the fact that she loaned her a  jumpsuit.  We are, too.Pic via Twitter.Yes, Lady Gaga did not disappoint. She single-handedly made many non-football fans even watch the Super Bowl just to see her performance! If you re one of those who turned the channel after the opening song, here s Gaga reacting to the half-time show and putting on a few dance moves.  Lady Gaga was dancing to Madonna s  Express Yourself  at the Super Bowl. pic.twitter.com/ETrheTK9VG  Shady Music Facts (@musicnews_shade) February 8, 2016Lady Gaga in the stands dancing  Uptown Funk . #SuperBowl #HalftimeShow #SB50 @BrunoMars @Beyonce @coldplay pic.twitter.com/1bZPX0IQPL  Ma tin | Lady Gaga (@MartinLMonster) February 8, 2016We love you Lady Gaga! Thank you for everything!Featured image via screen capture",0
8267, ‘Most Beautiful Girl In The World’ Is Only Ten – And Already Dealing With Sexist Attacks (IMAGES),"Widely hailed as  the most beautiful girl in the world,  10-year-old Kristina Pimenova is no ordinary child, not by any measure of the word. She has already appeared in photographs by heavyweights in the modeling industry such as Vogue Italia, Dolce & Gabbana, Robert Cavalli, Armani, and others. She also just landed a lucrative contract by the ultra-prestigious agency LA Models, and will be relocating to Los Angeles to further her modeling career at a faster pace than probably any child ever has before.On Instagram Kristina has over 1.2 million followers, and on Facebook she s fast approaching 4 million. But, with success, comes consequences. Already Kristina is being objectified by grown men claiming among other things, that they ll be  waiting  for her. Considering her tagline is  Remember beauty is inside,  it doesn t appear everyone is that deserving.Last year her mother was accused of posting  provocative  and  sexualized  photos of little Kristina, but her mother Glikeriya Pimenova says such accusations are baseless. If anything, people were  paedophiles  if they think her photos made her look like a  babe.  We d have to agree with her. It s not uncommon to go to a swimming pool and see little girls swimming in their bathing suits, or wearing things that little girls simply wear. This is just another example of men accusing beautiful women of being at fault, merely because they find them attractive.It s pretty sick and it s this type of double standard that men have that really needs to be called out   especially because this is a child. Kristina is only ten-years-old and already getting the kind of attention normally reserved for adult women, and it s only going to get worse from here. That s why society needs to be aware of it, and men need to know it s not okay. Let a 10-year-old girl be a kid. Be aware of your inner prejudices that are prone to attack or vilify simply because of your own inner issues, not theirs.#kristinapimenovaA photo posted by Kristina Pimenova (@kristinapimenova2005) on Jun 7, 2015 at 7:35pm PDTPic via Instagram.Pic via InstagramKristina is now represented by @lamodels and @newyorkmodels A photo posted by Kristina Pimenova (@kristinapimenova2005) on Feb 3, 2016 at 10:24am PST#portosbakery we love this place A photo posted by Kristina Pimenova (@kristinapimenova2005) on Nov 25, 2015 at 4:09pm PSTWhile we will admit, adults need to be careful of what images they upload of their children, it s not her fault she s beautiful.Featured image from Instagram.",0
8268, Anthony Anderson Burns Stacey Dash: She’s ‘Ann Coulter Dipped In Butterscotch’,"In an amazing take down of Fox News contributor Stacey Dash, comedian Anthony Anderson compared her to Ann Coulter.Dash has received heavy criticism ever since she called for ending BET and the NCAA Image Awards in her backwards solution to ending racism in response to the condemnation of the Oscars for the lack of diversity. We have to make up our minds,  Dash said on Fox News. Either we want to have segregation or integration. If we don t want segregation, then we need to get rid of channels like BET and the BET Awards and the Image Awards, where you re only awarded if you re black. If it were the other way around, we would be up in arms. It s a double standard. There shouldn t be a Black History Month,  the Clueless actress continued.  We re Americans. Period. Well, the backlash was swift and merciless as BET and others responded by reminding Dash that she has made several appearances on television shows and music videos aired on the channel.But Anthony Anderson also chimed in on Friday while hosting the 47th Annual NAACP Image Awards and it s fair to say that Dash got totally roasted by the Black-ish star. Everybody give a round of applause for Stacey Dash!  he began. What the hell is she doing here? Doesn t she know that the Fox network is using her? She s just an Ann Coulter dipped in butterscotch. That s all she is. Baby, don t let them use you! Come back to the black people and get back to work on some of those beautiful C-movies that you used to do! Anderson must have hit a nerve, because Dash responded with a weird post on Twitter.Well it s funny how woman who weighs 105 wet! Can get grown ass men to act like llittle girls! Haha  Stacey Dash (@REALStaceyDash) February 6, 2016Stacey Dash deserves the criticism she has been getting lately and Anthony Anderson made a spectacular comparison.The fact is that without BET or the NAACP, African-Americans would be even more underrepresented in the entertainment industry than they are now. Perhaps one day, there won t be a need for the Image Awards or BET. But that s going to depend on whether or not mainstream awards show like the Oscars get their act together and start treating black actors and actresses with the respect they deserve. Featured image from Facebook",0
8269, Hillary Gives Rubio A New Name After He Says She Kills Babies On Their Due Date (VIDEO),"Marco Rubio is making a name for himself in the Republican Party. Some think (actually most) that he s the GOP s best chance to defeat the Democrats in a general election. He s young, he s Hispanic, he s from an important swing state like Florida, and he s not as crazy as Donald Trump (at least by appearance).But, what most people don t know, is that Rubio s views on abortion make him an absolute nightmare of a candidate. And, people within his own party even are calling him out on it. During Saturday night s Republican debate Senator Rubio made the craziest accusation against Hillary Clinton on abortion yet. He levied the charge that  Hillary supports aborting babies on their due date. When Hillary was asked on Face The Nation what she thought of the comment, here was how she described it, among other words: Pathetic. That s one way to describe Rubio, for sure.We can t say these kinds of attacks are not typical of Republicans, cause then we d be lying. Hillary wasn t even surprised in the least and didn t even flinch when offering her rebuttal.  Here was her full response: I think it s pretty pathetic. This is something that illustrates how Senator Rubio is going as far as he can to try and buttress his credentials within certain parts of the Republican constituency. I ve been on record for years of where I stand on making abortion safe and legal, the exceptions that are appropriate that should be looked into, and the very difficult choices that very few women have to confront that lead to very excruciating kinds of decisions. And, to begin to politicize this so early in the campaign season to try and raise false charges and look like he s going to try and make sure Roe v. Wade is overturned and Planned Parenthood is defunded is just a tried and true tactic by those on the right. Clinton followed this up by pointing out that Rubio should probably brush up on the law first before bringing this up again in the future.Senator Rubio may very well be the GOP s best chance to go up against the Democrats, but with comments like those in a debate, you can be sure Clinton will be ready to shut him down again if she has to. We rate her description of Rubio as  pathetic  to be accurate and right on the money. Featured image via screen capture.",0
8270, Cop Who Killed Mentally Ill Teen Sues Victim’s Family For $10 Million Dollars (VIDEO),"Chicago police officer Robert Rialmo shot and killed Quintonio LeGrier, a mentally ill college student, in his family s home the day after Christmas in 2015. One of the police officer s rounds also struck and killed their 55-year-old neighbor, Bettie Jones. Now Rialmo is suing LeGrier s family for emotional distress. Ther are 911 calls that show that LeGrier called the police three times only to be hung up on by the dispatcher.How much does Rialmo think that the emotional distress he has endured is worth? $10 million dollars. Seriously, this cop thinks that he can kill this family s son and neighbor, get away with it, and then make away with a fortune.The Chicago Tribune reports: Rialmo s lawsuit provides the officer s first public account of the Dec. 26 shooting in the West Garfield Park neighborhood. It says Rialmo opened fire after Quintonio LeGrier twice swung a bat at his head at close range, and LeGrier was shot when Rialmo saw him raising the bat again and thought LeGrier could kill him if LeGrier hit him in the head with the bat.LeGrier s father, Antonio LeGrier, had filed a wrongful death lawsuit saying his son wasn t a threat, and Rialmo s lawsuit, which asks for damages of more than $10 million, is a countersuit in that case. Rialmo also fatally shot Antonio LeGrier s neighbor Bettie Jones, 55, in the confrontation, but police have said her death was accidental. In 2015, the police killed more than 1,000 people in the United States. That s a staggering figure. What s even worse is that none of those police officers have been prosecuted for any potential wrongdoing. In the United States, if you are a cop   you can kill someone and not have to worry about the consequences. Apparently that is not good enough for some cops. They saw how fast Darren Wilson got rich after he killed Michael Brown and have decided to get in on the action.You can watch a video report on the story, below. Featured image from video screenshot via YouTube ",0
8271, Superstar Marc Anthony Rocks Madison Square Garden By Shouting ‘F*** Donald Trump!’ As Crowd Cheers (VIDEO),"If Donald Trump had been at Madison Square Garden during this Marc Anthony concert, he would have been booed out of the building.During the concert, the popular Latino singer took aim at the Republican billionaire by shouting at the top of his lungs about his pride at being a Latino before telling Trump to go f*ck himself, which drew a loud cheer from the thousands in attendance. I m proud to be a Latino,  Anthony told his fans. I just want to say, we re proud of our country. We speak a little differently. We have our own food, we have our own way of being. But here, no matter where you come from, we re Latinos. And we have to take care of each other, no matter where we come from. There s only one f*cking box to check when you come to this country, and it says  Latino!' There s some crazy movement coming from some  Anthony began to say while motioning with his hands. He then wanted to say two things. First,  F*ck Donald Trump!  Anthony then told the crowd that he wants Trump to hear it from his house.  Wake that motherf*cker up.  And then the concert resumed.Here s the video via YouTube.It s understandable why Anthony has a problem with Donald Trump. Throughout his run for the presidency, Trump has repeatedly launched unfair attacks on Latinos. During his official campaign announcement Trump characterized all Mexicans as rapists, and promised to build a wall along the Mexican border to keep Latino immigrants from entering the country. Ever since, he has blamed Latinos for the crime and violence in the United States and called for a renewal of  Operation Wetback,  a deportation initiative under the Eisenhower Administration, a consequence of which resulted in the use of  wetback  as a derogatory term against Latinos and the displacement of thousands of men, women, and children.The fact is that, like Donald Trump, Marc Anthony is an American citizen and a native New Yorker. But while Trump clings to a racist version of America, Anthony believes in the historical diversity that has made America great over countless generations.That being said, Republicans should tread carefully if they really want Latinos to vote for their candidate in November. After all, 70 percent of Latinos voted for President Obama in 2012. If the GOP doesn t stop being racist, they can expect even more Latinos to vote against them this time around. Featured image from Facebook",0
8272, Texas Governor Wants Christian Crosses On Cop Cars,"In a brief sent to the state Attorney General s office on February 5, Texas Governor Greg Abbott insisted that putting Christian crosses on police vehicles is a Constitutional right.In his brief, Abbott wrote: Even under the U.S. Supreme Court s expansive interpretation of the Establishment Clause s limited and unambiguous text, the Court has never held that public officials are barred from acknowledging our religious heritage. To the contrary, the U.S. Supreme Court has long recognized the demographic and historical reality that Americans  are a religious people whose institutions presuppose a Supreme Being. Of course that an absolute lie. The Supreme Court has repeatedly ruled against any government sponsorship or endorsement of religion.Abbott goes on to claim that Christian cross bumper stickers on police vehicles  neither establish a religion nor threaten any person s ability to worship God, or decline to worship God, in his own way. I wonder if he would feel the same way about Islamic symbols on police vehicles? What about symbols used by the church of Satan? Do those belong on police vehicles?Like most Americans, I am tired of hearing the religious right whine about how their religion is under attack in the U.S., every time a judge tells them they cannot use public funds and resources to promote their personal religious beliefs.There is a big difference between the state oppressing Christians and the state banning Christians from promoting or endorsing their religion with taxpayer dollars and/or taxpayer property.If you want to put a Christian bumper sticker on your personal vehicle, no-one is standing in your way. If you want to put one on a publicly owned vehicle, that s an entirely different story.Why is this so difficult for right-wing Christians to comprehend?Much to the dismay of the Christian right, the government is not a vehicle for enforcing their hypocritical religious beliefs on the public.In light of the Christian right s constant attempts to use government to force their religious doctrine on others, it makes perfect sense that they would try to slap Biblical bumper stickers on police cars.When state legislatures pass laws banning oral and anal sex, denying rights to the LGBT community, attempting to ban non-Christians from practicing their religious beliefs, making atheist marriage illegal, even suggesting laws that would make not going to church a crime, it s already frighteningly clear that they want police to act as the armed enforcers of their religious doctrine.In spite of Governor Abbott s ill-informed brief on this subject, even the slightest semblance of police being used as the  enforcers of Christianity  is a clear violation of the Establishment Clause.Over and over and over again these right-wing nuts whine about how their religion is being oppressed in the United States.Let s get something straight. Religious oppression is when the government attempts to keep you from practicing your religion on your own time and using your own resources. Barring you from using the stuff other people paid for to promote your religion, is not oppressive.If the government were to force all Christians to wear a special ID badge designating their religion, that would be oppressive. Or if the government were to bar Christians from entering the country, simply because of their religion, that would be oppressive. Or if the government were to create a special database for Christians so that they could be easily identified and closely watched, that would be oppressive.Only the government does not do that to Christians.On the other hand, right-wing Christians in government, including Texas Governor, Greg Abbott, sincerely want to do those things to Muslims.Thankfully, the establishment clause was created to protect Christians from experiencing the kind of government oppression they would gladly inflict on others.It s also there to protect the rest of us from right-wing Christians who would use our government, our tax dollars, our public property and our public employees to force their skewed version of Christianity down everyone s throat with a police-issued revolver.Image from johndoeforty1 on Flckr, cc 2.0. *Some changes were made to this image",0
8273, You Won’t Believe The Mailer The Rubio Campaign Just Sent Out Of Jeb Bush’s Mother (IMAGE),"The Republican presidential race has gotten so heated as well as sleazy that not even the presidential candidates  mothers are left alone. With the New Hampshire primary just around the corner, a potential voter showed a mailer a super PAC backing Florida senator Marco Rubio sent out to New Hampshire voters.The mailer features a photo of Jeb Bush wearing a golden crown next to a white haired and bejeweled Queen Elizabeth II, who bears a striking resemblance to Jeb s mother and former First Lady Barbara Bush.And in case it wasn t obvious that the mailer is linking Queen Elizabeth to Jeb s mom Barbara, the mailer includes an old quote from Barbara below the photo of Queen Elizabeth. It reads: We ve had enough Bushes.   Barbara Bush. The mailer, which is headlined What happened to the  Coronation  of Jeb Bush?  is clearly linking the idea of monarchy and the seeming monopolization of power by the Bush family, who ve already had two previous presidents and are vying for a third. The mailer has images of Henry VIII who represents George Sr., and and the Burger King mascot, who represents George Jr.The back of the mailer reads: Most pundits claimed Bush/Clinton general election match up was inevitable,  reads the back of the Rubio super PAC mailer.  They said the 2016 election would be a choice between these 2 dynasties. One has to admit, this is quite a clever mailer as the Bush family is attempting to put yet another son in power. We re still reeling from the mistakes of Jeb s brother, who plunged the country into chaos in the eight years he was at the helm and we don t need Jeb, who has been unapologetic for the mistakes and crimes of his brother.However, we definitely don t need Marco Rubio, the conservative, robotic, and unappealing Florida senator. Let s continue to watch in glee as all of the candidates continue to cancel each other out with antics that lack in the most basic of human integrity. Featured image from Wikimedia Commons",0
8274, Trump Flip Flops On Super Bowl Pick After Finding Out Peyton Manning Supports Jeb Bush,"As usual, Donald Trump s support only goes as far as who he thinks supports him. After a week of claiming he was rooting for Peyton Manning and the Denver Broncos in the Super Bowl, he shamelessly switched sides to the Carolina Panthers after his arch-rival Jeb Bush claimed Manning as his own.During the Republican debate, a smug-looking Jeb Bush announced that  Peyton Manning is supporting me, and I m for Denver. He wasn t kidding, Manning has reportedly donated the maximum amount, $2,700, to Bush s campaign. That had to sting the other candidates, because Manning is a well-known conservative who loves throwing cash at his favorite politicians. He gave money to George W. Bush during his re-election campaign in 2004, gave $5000 to Mitt Romney in 2012, and regularly gives checks to Republican politicians in his home state of Tennessee. His brother and fellow NFL quarterback Eli Manning also maxed out a contribution to Jeb Bush.This was an embarrassing moment for Trump, who up until last week was boasting about Manning.Who is Donald Trump pulling for in Super Bowl 50? https://t.co/XbptyG0CGJ  Face The Nation (@FaceTheNation) January 31, 2016 I ll stick with Peyton,  said Trump at the time, just one week before he very much didn t stick with Peyton.Both Trump and Bush s other rival, Marco Rubio, appeared openly bitter about Manning during the debate. While Trump let his flip-flop speak for itself, Rubio noted that he  was rooting for Peyton Manning, but now I m rooting for Carolina. As Addicting Info s Oliver Willis recently reported, it s not just Peyton. The Denver Broncos organization, like many football teams, is itself a massive backer of the GOP.According to the Center for Responsive Politics, the Broncos have donated $112,475 to conservative candidates and political committees. By comparison the Carolina Panthers have given $17,000 to support the right. While both teams have also contributed to liberal candidates, the numbers are much smaller   $3,500 for the Broncos, $4,000 for the Panthers.It s fun to watch how quickly Trump will turn on a person who so recently praised just because he can t get anything from him or her. It s clear that Trump s opinions about people change at the whims of his fragile ego.Feature image via Flickr/Papa Johns",0
8275, Bernie Sanders Clarifies One Of His Most Divisive Talking Points (VIDEO),"One of the most critical issues facing the United States is the role that big money plays in financing elections. This has been a major issue that has been discussed by all Democratic primary candidates so far in the election. During an interview with CNN s Jake Tapper on The State of the Union, Bernie Sanders clarified some of the language he has used during his campaign so far.Bernie Sanders has made campaign finance reform a major part of his platform. In fact, he has even eschewed financial support from Super PACS. This has led to some very weak criticisms from the right-wing, who say that he has taken money from groups like the National Nurses Union, which has endorsed him. Those criticisms are absurd, and only seem to show that they do not understand the issue, nor the type of support that Sanders is receiving from the union.During the interview, Sanders says that money is controlling Washington. Studies suggest that this is partly true. A well-known study done by Princeton showed that the United States, to a large degree is a no longer a democracy, but rather an oligarchy. They note that the whittling away of democracy in the United States has been going on since the 1980 s. The rise of the Super PAC, plus the Citizen s United Supreme Court decision that has lead to the flooding of money into elections, is simply the next stage of cancer that is the collusion between government and corporation.The United States has a long history of money, big and small, creeping into elections. Once people decide that they have had enough, they send that corrupting influence into remission. It just so happens that this issue is reaching a boiling point right now, as are so many other issues.You can watch the interview, below. Featured image from video screenshot via YouTube ",0
8276," Hillary Absolutely SKEWERS Rubio’s Anti-Choice Bullsh*t, Calling Him ‘Pathetic’ (VIDEO)","If there s someone who has always stood up for the rights of women, it s Hillary Clinton. In fact, it s been pretty much her life s work. So, when a robotic, mansplaining candidate like Republican Sen. Marco Rubio decided he would throw jabs at Clinton and her stance on abortion rights, as well as abortion rights in general, she did not hold back her opinion of the Florida Senator.On ABC s  This Week  she said: It s really quite sad to see what Senator Rubio is becoming in this campaign. Everybody understands that he is diving as far right as he possibly can. I ve been on record for many years about where I stand on abortion, how it should be safe and legal. And I ve had the same position that I ve had for a very long time. But what s really going on here is an effort by the Republicans to keep pushing as far as they can to overturn Roe v. Wade, to defund Planned Parenthood, to make accusations and attacks that are really extreme It s just so unfortunate that politicians like Senator Rubio are trying to politicize these kinds of concerns and I don t think he should be allowed to get away with that. Rubio had stated that Clinton would support abortion  even on the due date of that unborn child  during Saturday night s GOP debate.While appearing on CBS  Face the Nation  Clinton reiterated her disgust in his comments, saying: I think it s pretty pathetic. This is something that illustrates how Senator Rubio has just been going as far as he can to try to, I guess, buttress his credentials with certain parts of the Republican constituency. I ve been on record for years about where I stand on making abortions safe and legal, the exceptions that are appropriate that should be looked into. And the very difficult choices that very few women have to confront that lead to excruciating kinds of decisions. Decisions Rubio, sans uterus, will never have to face.It s disgusting that women and their reproductive rights are politicized each and every election cycle, because it s pretty much they only social issue the GOP has left to get people to the polls, especially now that marriage equality is law of the land.What a woman does with her body is her decision, and her decision alone. No ifs, ands or buts about it. And unless these Republican men are cool with restrictions for their bodies as well, they better STFU.Hillary Clinton calls Rubio's comments on her abortion stance ""pathetic"" & an attempt to ""buttress his credentials"" https://t.co/u7wY0TcpCn  Face The Nation (@FaceTheNation) February 7, 2016Video/Featured image: CBS News",0
8277, Watch Zoolander And Hansel’s Hilarious Critique Of Presidential Candidates’ Fashion Choices (VIDEO),"Owen Wilson as Hansel and Ben Stiller as Zoolander stopped by Saturday Night Live s Weekend Update to offer their professional advice and commentary about the fashion choices of the 2016 presidential candidates and it was hilarious.[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5QM7UYi9mA]The pair began the segment by teasing Democratic  front-runner Hillary Clinton. Well, you know, Hillary is from the  90s, which is really hot right now,  Hansel said. Then Zoolander compared her attire  to that of one of his  all-time fashion icons  Kim Jong-un.  Not to name drop, but I m pretty good friends with his sister, Kim Kardashi-un. But the real fun began when the pair mistakenly confused Ted Cruz for Tom Cruise. Using Cruise s past movie titles, the pair said: Next, we ve got Tom Cruise. Oh, he s totally let himself go. This is a real Mission Impossible for a stylist. Makes me keep my Eyes Wide Shut. He should take his Top Gun and do some Risky Business with a Cocktail. And finally, they ended with none other than Donald Trump and his fashion choices. When asked what they thought of Trump, the pair said: Oh, we love him. Donny is just like us. He has the classic male model look. Donny has orange mocha crapaccino.   And this one is called hot mess. When all was said and done, the funniest jokes were on the Republican front-runner. Featured image: screencap",0
8278," After Iowa, Trump’s Fragile Ego Totally Preparing For Being A Loser Everywhere (VIDEO)","According to Donald Trump, he didn t  lose  in the Republican Iowa Caucus. He came in second, which is really the same thing as winning when you really think about it. Except it s not. However, to Trump s fragile ego, and what he tells himself in the mirror each night, is that he really won, because Ted Cruz was a meanie and cheated.Now, to prepare himself for loss everywhere he goes, Trump has now taken to telling everyone he doesn t actually have to win a state. In this case, New Hampshire. Someone should probably let Trump know that in order to win the Republican Party nomination he s going to have to not only win states, but win a lot of them, not come in second, but actually, in all legitimacy, win.However, Trump being Trump, and with his narcissistic personality disorder preventing him from being able to wrap his giant head around a loss, even losing is a win   to him. He even told CNN s Jake Tapper on State of the Union: I want to win New Hampshire, but I don t think I have to win it. He s clearly preparing himself for a loss, despite having a monster lead in the Granite State, but after Iowa, he s probably thinking all bets are off.Donald Trump will never admit to losing, now if he does lose, well, he can say he called it and claim he never needed it:  I told you guys I didn t need it!  He s creating a bit of an insurance policy for himself as really any good businessperson would: you have a contingency plan.Oh, Trump. If not for your ego, you would be a very lonely man. Your love for yourself is unending. Trump:  I want to win N.H., but I don t think I have to win it.  #CNNSOTU Full interview: https://t.co/1UBwh3zztW https://t.co/uVRpYsQ305  State of the Union (@CNNSotu) February 7, 2016Video/Featured image: Twitter",0
8279," Marco Rubio To Rape Victims: Sorry You Were Raped, But Have Your Rapist’s Baby Anyway (VIDEO)","Not content with being a mere robot who repeats the same scripted line over and over during a debate, Marco Rubio demonstrated that he is a cold heartless robot on Sunday.Everyone knows that the Florida Senator is an extremist when it comes to a woman s right to choose an abortion.Last July, Rubio vowed to outlaw abortion  at home and around the world,  making clear that women are only voting against their own freedom if they vote for Rubio to become president.Rubio s position on abortion is one of the most strict among the GOP field, especially since he opposes exceptions for rape victims, whom he would gleefully force to carry their rapist s baby for nine grueling months with the risk that her rapist will claim parental rights and terrorize her for the rest of her life.And Rubio did little to soften that position on Sunday, telling George Stephanopoulos that he would look a rape victim in the eye and tell her to carry her rapist s baby to term. Abortion to me is not a political issue,  Rubio said.  It s a human rights issue. He then said that he would sign an anti-abortion bill with exceptions, but only because it would be a step toward banning abortion altogether. I do require an exception for life of the mother because I m pro-life. Number two, as I ve said, if they pass a law in Congress that has exceptions, I ll sign it. Because I want to save lives. The ABC host then asked Rubio point-blank what he would say to a woman who gets pregnant through rape, to which Rubio replied that he would tell her how sorry he is but she should have the baby anyway. It s a terrible situation. I mean, a crisis pregnancy, especially as a result of something as horrifying as that, I m not telling you it s easy. I m not here saying it s an easy choice. It s a horrifying thing that you ve just described. I get it. I really do. And that s why this issue is so difficult. But I believe a human being, an unborn child has a right to live, irrespective of the circumstances of which they were conceived. Rubio conceded that most Americans disagree with him on this issue, but nevertheless, he said he would still sign a bill banning abortion despite the opposition from the people.Here s the video via YouTube:Indeed, the Washington Post reports that support for the right to choose has never been higher, and even 40 percent of Republicans support choice.Rubio is clearly echoing former Republican candidate Rick Santorum, who called a rape pregnancy a  gift from God  four years ago. Indiana Senate candidate Richard Mourdock felt the same way. And both men lost their bid for public office because of their extreme stance.As you also recall, the Republican war on women cost the GOP dearly in 2012 as women flocked to the voting booth to give their overwhelming support to President Obama. And seeing as how the GOP has only become more extreme against women s rights, it looks like 2016 will at the very least be a repeat, but could end up being a landslide for Democrats if an anti-abortion fanatic like Rubio becomes the GOP nominee.Women should always have a choice when it comes to making decisions about their bodies. But Republicans want to force women to have babies against their will even if that pregnancy was forced upon them by a rapist. That makes Republicans no better than the  Make Rape Legal  activists who are only becoming more emboldened as the conservative anti-women fervor gets more extreme.By forcing women to give birth to their rapist s baby, Republicans would reward rapists with progeny and give them even more power over their victims, while subjecting women to months and years of trauma. We do not need these kinds of men running our government. They only contribute to the rape culture that is plaguing this country, and that means most of the Republican field of candidates are unfit to be president.Featured Image: Woman Survival",0
8280, Watch What Happens When A Rapist Pedophile Tries To Panhandle In The Wrong Guy’s Town (NSFW VIDEO),"Our street corners are filled with people in need carrying cardboard signs and asking for food or cash. The majority of them are legitimately struck with hard times. In many cases it s the only source of income for their family after a job is lost. There are also those out there who are taking advantage of the generosity of others, collecting money for no reason than it s easier to work. Those people, of course, make it more difficult for those with genuine issues.As you ll see in this video, there s a third kind of person out there collecting money, and his name is Lloyd Baker. Baker was arrested in October of 2012 and charged with the sexual assault of a 14-year-old girl in connection with a kidnapping. He is currently out on bail and awaiting trial. In the small town of West Warwick, Rhode Island, people like Lloyd Baker don t just blend in with the scenery; somebody is bound to recognize him.That s exactly what happened. The man who shot the short clip confronted Baker, who at first denied who he was but then admitted it a short time later. It doesn t really matter what this man s circumstances are, he doesn t deserve the charity people are affording him, especially if they don t know who he is or why he can t find work.Please be warned, the man who made the video isn t pleased with Baker. His language is harsh. This is definitely NOT safe for work:https://www.facebook.com/fiftyshadesofjay/videos/10207400122614085/?permPage=1He seems to want to stand his ground until the videographer starts shouting what a monster he is. He comes to his senses fairly quickly when he realizes this man confronting him means business.Sorry, you pedophile. Collecting loose change while you re out on bail for assaulting a 14-year-old girl is worse than wearing a New York Giants jacket in Patriots country.Featured image via screen capture/RI State Police",0
8281, Watch SNL Hilariously Mock Ted Cruz Over Iowa ‘Win’ (VIDEO),"Ted Cruz is a guy who s easy to make fun of and SNL had a field day with him and his campaign last night. Taran Killam, who played the Republican presidential candidate, delivered a hilarious performance. Kallam as Cruz said:  Some of you may have seen me in tonight s Republican debates in New Hampshire. And if you missed it, here s a quick recap: I won. I also won the Iowa Caucuses thanks to endorsements from strong conservatives like Glenn Beck and God almighty. Cruz s  win , of course, had nothing to do with God but more to do with some nasty trickery. For example, there was Cruz s campaign telling voters that Ben Carson had dropped out of the race. Then of course, there were the mailers sent by the Cruz campaign which tried to manipulate voters into voting for him.Killam as Cruz said he was an  unconventional candidate : I didn t get where I am today because I was born wealthy or handsome or charismatic or nice. I am not cool or likable or even fine. Cruz shouldn t be blamed for his looks, being born without wealth, or even his lack of charisma. However, there are certainly some things he can do to make him more likable to folks. People don t like being lied to, nor do they like to be manipulated and it looks like Ted Cruz is a master at that. It s quite crazy to think that people actually vote for this guy!Killam concluded: Isn t it time for a president who s just a nasty, little weasel?  The answer is absolutely not, Ted!Feature image via YouTube screenshot",0
8282, Trump Tried To Give $100K Bribe To Vets To Be ‘Props’ At His Rally – They Told Him To Screw Himself,"Five-time draft deferment Donald Trump tried to buy the love of American soldiers so he could use them at his rally, and it went about as well as one might expect.It s obvious why Donald Trump would want to appear as if he had the troops on his side: He s spent much of his campaign insulting them. Whether it was implying that POWs were  losers  or mistakenly featuring the servicemen of other countries (including Nazis and Russian soldiers) in his political ads, it s clear that Trump has only a surface-deep appreciation of all the sacrifices America s military has made.Needless to say, his pandering in the face of his reprehensible actions didn t go over well. In a bombshell exclusive by The Daily Beast s Tim Mak, Trump was exposed as having tried to bribe a veterans charity  to be his political prop  for a promise of $100,000.On Friday, Liberty House executive director Keith Howard received a call from a Trump campaign staffer, who conveyed that Trump would like to publicly present them with a six-figure check at a Londonderry rally on Monday, right before the Granite State primary.It s an enormous amount of money for a small charity. But Howard said he wouldn t do it risking the entire, substantial donation on a point of principle.Howard was right to question Trump s donation. Apart from being manipulated by the Republican front-runner to serve his agenda, the charity would have probably lost its  nonprofit  status by appearing at a Trump rally. After Trump s convoy pulled out and headed towards their next rally, the charity would have been left with a sizable check but without legal standing. Not that Trump seemed to care what would happen if the group actually accepted his bribe.Even worse, Trump was running this bribe through his  Donald J. Trump Foundation  which, as Mak notes, is very likely considered an illegal campaign contribution to himself.The campaign utilizing the foundation to help support and promote campaign events is a potential legal problem for both the campaign and the Trump Foundation,  said Larry Noble, general counsel at the Campaign Legal Center.The value of the work the foundation did to assist the campaign event could be considered an illegal campaign contribution. And the foundation is barred from getting involved in political activity, such as supporting a campaign rally, he continued.  Neither the foundation nor other charities should be working hand-in-hand with the campaign to promote Trump s campaign events. Which is exactly what Trump s charity is doing. It hasn t escaped the attention of some in the media.When will Republican Congress have hearing on @realDonaldTrump Foundation violating IRS charity rule last night? https://t.co/3FbAXzNN5E  Lawrence O'Donnell (@Lawrence) January 29, 2016Hilariously, Howard later called Trump s campaign and told them that if they were serious about helping veterans, they wouldn t mind giving him the contribution behind closed doors and not, say, at a giant political rally. This of course would defeat the whole purpose for Trump. What good is charity if you can t brag about it to pander to voters? For days, Trump s campaign signaled that they were very disappointed that the veteran s group wouldn t help Trump look good   but finally, sensing a losing battle, they relented. Howard got his money, but on his terms.So much for Trump being an expert  deal maker,  as he just got played by a small charity to the tune of $100,000.Featured image via Gage Skidmore/Flickr",0
8283, Chris Christie Takes Marco Rubio To The Woodshed For Being A Scripted Robot (VIDEO),"Marco Rubio was looming large in New Hampshire, but Chris Christie made Marco Rubio look very small on Saturday night.In a span of only a few minutes, Christie knocked Rubio off his game so badly that he ended up repeating the same line on multiple occasions even after the New Jersey governor accused him of being scripted.And it all started when Christie absolutely shredded Rubio s lack of leadership experience. You have not be involved in a consequential decision where you had to be held accountable,  Christie said.  You just simply haven t. And the fact is   the fact when you talk about the Hezbollah Sanctions Act that you list as one of your accomplishments you just did, you weren t even there to vote for it. That s not leadership, that s truancy. Indeed, Rubio has been roundly criticized for not doing his job.According to Gov Track, Rubio has missed 14.1 percent of votes since 2011, and that percentage skyrocketed last year. Currently, he has missed up to 88 percent of votes in the Senate because he would rather be out campaigning. And that disqualifies Rubio from being president, Christie says. The fact is it does matter when you have to make decisions and be held accountable for them. It does matter when the challenges don t come on a list of a piece of paper of what to vote yes or no every day, but when the problems come in from the people that you serve.I like Marco Rubio, and he s a smart person and a good guy, but he simply does not have the experience to be president of the United States and make these decisions. Rubio responded by bringing up Christie s own lack of leadership during natural disasters and then he used a line that would get him stuck like a broken record for the next several minutes. Let s dispel once and for all with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn t know what he s doing. He knows exactly what he s doing. Barack Obama is undertaking an effort to change this country, to make America more like the rest of the world. Christie responded by accusing Rubio of memorizing a 25-second speech that his advisers gave him, and Rubio only helped Christie by repeating it again and again. Let s dispel with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn t know what he s doing,  Rubio said later on.  He knows exactly what he s doing. He is trying to change this country. And again Here s the bottom line. This notion that Barack Obama doesn t know what he s doing is just not true. He knows exactly what he s doing. Here s the video via YouTube:In the end, Rubio looked a like a robot who was pre-programmed with key phrases prior to the debate but went haywire upon being challenged.This was not a good performance by Rubio, especially since he had been rising in the New Hampshire polls. But after the beating he took from Christie on Saturday night, Rubio can probably kiss his presidential aspirations goodbye.Featured Image: NBC Latino",0
8284, Watch The EXACT Moment Marco Rubio Saw His Presidential Hopes Die On Super Bowl Sunday (VIDEO),"Marco Rubio might have been flying high after the results from Iowa, but he well and truly crashed hard at Saturday night s ABC GOP debate in New Hampshire. Like Carly Fiorina and Ben Carson before him, Rubio watched his Presidential hopes die.There s no way to sugar coat this one   Rubio choked. He likely over-rehearsed, came prepared with his lines all ready, but was then totally unable to respond to spontaneous questions during the debate. The result? He churned out the exact same line four times in a row, word-for-word, within minutes, unable to expand on his soundbite.Someone had clearly told Rubio to hit Obama hard, and so he had to keep saying that  Republicans need to dispense with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn t know what he s doing.  It landed the first time he said it, but then he just couldn t stop saying it. It was truly awkward to watch, and you could see the panic in his eyes. Think about a child in the school play who forgets their next line, so just keeps repeating the last one over and over to a silent audience. That.Further down the panel, Chris Christie smelled blood and went in for the kill. He has maintained an attack on Rubio for being too polished and inauthentic, and this played right into that. But instead of Rubio taking the opportunity to come back at Christie with a counter-attack, he literally went back and repeated his Obama line again. We re not kidding. Watch.As AL.com s post-debate roundup puts it:Instead of responding, Rubio repeated the same statements and made Christie looked like his criticism was spot on. It was a strange exchange and one that seemed to taint the rest of Rubio s debate   he ended up repeating himself over and over and looked lost. He did better later in the debate but it could very well be Rubio s Howard Dean moment.The morning after the debate, with all eyes on Rubio to rally back, the candidate may well have killed his campaign. Appearing on ABC with George Stephanopoulous, Rubio was asked to respond to critics of his  robotic  performance. His answer looked great first time: I would pay them to keep running that clip. Because that s what I believe passionately. It s one of the reasons that I m not running for re-election in the Senate. I m running for president. But then Stephanopoulos followed up with a rebuttal: But you re getting pounded for repeating that speech. And then it all fell apart. Because Rubio had scripted one line, and one line only, to respond to critics that he scripts his lines. So, he went on repeat again. I hope they keep running it,  he replied.  And I m going to keep saying it because it s true. And then he said it again. It s what I believe and it s what I m going to continue to say, Because it s one of the main reasons why I am running. If you watch the video closely, you might just be able to spot the exact moment where Rubio realizes his Presidential hopes just died. Featured Image via Screengrab",0
8285," Jeb Bush Finally Got The Best Of Trump, Until Trump Hushed Him Like A Toddler (VIDEO)","If you have the stomach to actually follow the Republican debates that seem to happen every other day now, you know that Jeb Bush has a singular mission at this point in his campaign: Attack Donald Trump. Bush, long considered the establishment favorite to win the Republican nomination, has been pushed around by Trump since the very first debate with very little success at firing back.That s not for a lack of trying. Bush, whose natural posture is slumpy and whose speech is frumpy, can t help but look like a bullied kid when he tries to defend himself against Trump. His debate performances have been so lackluster he was even scolded publicly by his Mommy, who probably wishes she had another Dubya right about now. The dumber brother obviously got all of the charisma.This latest round of  attack each other and say Hillary Clinton  a lot   also known as a  debate    saw Jeb finally come up with a successful attack against Trump. When Trump started talking about the government taking private property by eminent domain to construct roads and bridges, Jeb fired back with a story about Trump s attempt to take the property of an elderly woman in Atlantic City by eminent domain so he could provide a nice parking lot for limousines outside one of his casinos.Jeb had the crowd fired up. Finally, an exchange between Trump and Jeb was going his way. That is until Trump was offered the opportunity to respond. As Trump tried to  make America great  his way out of yet another sordid detail of his past, Jeb chimed in, interrupting him mid-sentence, only to be shushed by Trump, who had already twice asserted that Jeb  wanted to be a tough guy. After his shushing of a grown man, which admittedly was a bit hilarious, Trump got his share of boos, hitting back hard with  that s all of his supporters and special interests. Other than the ridiculously botched introductions, it was the only part of the debate worth watching:Featured image via screen capture ",0
8286, Women Are Breast-Trolling Twitter In Support Of Susan Sarandon’s Cleavage (IMAGES),"A week ago, Susan Sarandon attended the 2016 SAG awards looking absolutely fabulous. She proudly wore an outfit that showed off her cleavage because she s Susan Sarandon and she doesn t care what you think. The internet promptly melted down in worship at the sight of this feminist icon doing what she does. But a few days later, Piers Morgan inexplicably took issue with Sarandon s wardrobe choice on twitter:Would Susan Sarandon wear this to a funeral? No. It was thus horribly inappropriate for an In Memoriam tribute. pic.twitter.com/hMoGChJY8D  Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) February 3, 2016This is slut-shaming, pure and simple. I m not entirely sure why the sight of cleavage in public places offends some people and I understand even less why they think anyone cares about their opinion on the matter.Still, Sarandon decided to tease Morgan and sent out the following Time Warp:Today s #TBT is dedicated to @piersmorgan. pic.twitter.com/InU7d6qhC0  Susan Sarandon (@SusanSarandon) February 4, 2016After this, the women of twitter caught wind and took exception with Morgan s attempt to shame cleavage. Their solution to the problem? #CleavageSolidarity and numerous tweets of their own cleavage:@piersmorgan EMBRACE THE BOOOOOOOOOBS #CleavageSolidarity pic.twitter.com/7kb4sr6NlG  Hirallll (@MonkeyShoulder) February 6, 2016a cleavage shot for @piersmorgan as part of #cleavagesolidarity hope you like this one xx pic.twitter.com/TV516oHdKK  Sexybbwfun (@sexybbwfun) February 6, 2016Instead of shaming women lets realize it s 2016 . I support @SusanSarandon #cleavagesolidarity pic.twitter.com/te4p4lf0PS  jess (@jesscclarice) February 5, 2016@SusanSarandon I m tired of being told i have too much cleavage, like it s an option #cleavagesolidarity pic.twitter.com/Ro8G8klnzP  Bailey Smith (@Ninjabailleeee) February 5, 2016@SusanSarandon@piersmorgan with my daughter she has soup I have boobs #55yearsold#cleavagesolidaritypic.twitter.com/tAEGzkmCmz  Janey Godley (@JaneyGodley) February 5, 2016And my personal favorite:@SusanSarandon@piersmorgan I may have lost my breasts, but my #cleavagesolidarity is alive and well! pic.twitter.com/gjw3O2jLbX  Flattopper Pride (@flattopperpride) February 7, 2016Some have complained that it wasn t about Sarandon showing her cleavage but where she showed them (during her  In Memoriam  segment), but the problem with that complaint is that we have arbitrarily declared women s breasts to be sexual objects to be hidden away. They re only  scandalous  because we ve been conditioned to think that way. Sarandon clearly didn t think it was inappropriate and there s exactly zero reason she, or any other woman, should be beholden to anyone else s prudishness.Featured image via twitter.",0
8287, CNN Just Brutally DISMANTLED Ted Cruz For Knowingly Lying About Their Reporting (VIDEO),"There are many certainties in life. Grass is green. Water is wet. If you place an electric eel in your bathwater and climb in, the results will not be positive. Ted Cruz is a liar. Recently, Cruz played a trick even dirtier than sending out a campaign mailer falsely accusing Iowans of  voting violations  that feature  data  the campaign completely made up. Continuing his tradition of never telling the truth about a single thing, he convinced people rival Ben Carson had dropped out of the race. The press is reporting that Dr. Ben Carson is taking time off from the campaign trail after Iowa and making a big announcement next week,  Team Cruz said in a campaign email.  Please inform and Carson caucus goers of this news and urge them to caucus for Cruz. Cruz has, numerous times, cited faulty reporting by CNN as the reason his lackeys immediately began spreading the  news  that Dr. Brain had quit. In reality, the rumor came from Rep. Steve King, who retweeted a message from a CNN reporter and opined  Carson looks like he is out.  Carson had previously announced that he will be skipping New Hampshire, where he polls lower than even Jeb Bush and Carly Fiorina, and South Carolina   the same state  that is currently building a multimillion dollar shrine to a shameful symbol of slavery. Here s what was actually said:Carson won t go to NH/SC, but instead will head home to Florida for some R&R. He ll be in DC Thursday for the National Prayer Breakfast.  Chris Moody (@moody) February 2, 2016One thing that is missing   quite notably   are the words  Carson is dropping out  or any variation thereof. There s not even a suggestion that Carson intended to drop out.  During coverage, Jake Tapper and Dana Bash called the news  unusual,  but made no suggestion that Carson was quitting. In fact, the very same tweet King and Cruz used to dupe people informs people who know how to read of his next campaign stop: the National Prayer Breakfast. Unfortunately, we re not exactly dealing with geniuses in the Cruz campaign. Last night when our political team saw the CNN post saying Dr. Carson was not carrying on to New Hampshire and South Carolina, our campaign updated the grassroots leaders just as we would with any breaking news story. That s fair game,  Cruz said in a statement following his crafty little ruse.  What the team should have done is send around the follow-up statement from the Carson campaign clarifying that he was indeed staying in the race when that came out. That was a mistake from our end, and for that I apologize to Dr. Carson. Unfortunately, Cruz ignored some very crucial follow-up tweets that appear to be intended to clear things up for people who were too stupid to grasp the meaning of the initial tweet.At this point, it s clear to everyone but Ted Cruz that Cruz lied. Carson is going to skip two states that he stands no chance to win and instead relax in Florida. There s no mystery,  no controversy, no quitting. Cruz even grudgingly admitted that  CNN got it correct. My political team saw CNN s report breaking news and they forwarded that news to our volunteers, it was being covered on live television,  Cruz claimed, arguing that CNN had incorrectly reported that Carson was suspending his campaign   from 6:30 p.m. to 9:15,  and  didn t correct that story until 9:15 that night.  The Texas Senator s blatantly false claim prompted a scathing reply from CNN, who pointed out that Cruz s continued use of the narrative  was especially notable because Cruz had walked back his accusations against the network earlier this week and said,  CNN got it right.' In a statement, the network blasted Cruz s  astonishing  ability to commit to the lie: What Senator Cruz said tonight in the debate is categorically false. CNN never corrected its reporting because CNN never had anything to correct. The Cruz campaign s actions the night of the Iowa caucuses had nothing to do with CNN s reporting. The fact that Senator Cruz continues to knowingly mislead the voters about this is astonishing. It s amazing that Republicans are so willing to commit to their various lies even after reality destroys any illusion that they could be correct. From Carly Fiorina still clinging to her  baby parts  propaganda after the videos were shown to be heavily-edited right-wing propaganda and their creators indicted by a federal grand jury, to Cruz s remarks about Ben Carson and CNN, to pretty damn near everything that comes out of Donald Trump s mouth (though we do believe him when he says he wants to bang his daughter), the representatives of the Stupid Part of America carefully craft a bubble of their own reality   and refuse to leave it even when the facts threaten its existence.Watch CNN tear Cruz apart below: .@tomforemancnn fact-checks @tedcruz on his false claim about @CNN https://t.co/082mLVxpTs  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) February 7, 2016Featured image via screengrab",0
8288, SNL’s ‘Bern Your Enthusiasm’ Explains How Bernie Sanders ACTUALLY Lost Iowa (VIDEO),"After this past Monday s Iowa Caucus where the results on the Democratic side were in a statistical dead heat, many were left wondering how Bernie Sanders couldn t seal the deal and left Hillary Clinton to walk away with the victory. Well, Saturday Night Live has filled in the gaps and explained what truly may have happened this past Monday in Iowa.SNL created  Bern Your Enthusiasm,  an obvious play on host Larry David s show Curb Your Enthusiasm. A show that is greatly missed, but that is neither her nor there. And on this week s episode of  Bern Your Enthusiasm,  it showed David as Sanders not fully committing to all his voters who presented themselves to him in precarious situations.Sanders didn t want to shake the hand of one Iowa voter because she sneezed into her hand right before she was about to greet the Senator, thus leaving her and her family just standing there angry. Then later, as Sanders went to get coffee, because he didn t want the 2% milk his office had for him, he refused to help another one of his voters in a medical emergency.Flash forward to the Caucus results, and it shows Sanders lose by .2% which his staff estimated was about five voters. In other words, the voters that he pissed off that day.It was the perfect hybrid of Curb Your Enthusiasm and the frustration Sanders must have felt that cold day in Iowa when he lost by just a few votes.Things might be looking up for Sanders in New Hampshire this coming Tuesday, but until then, at least this week s SNL will keep him warm with laughter as he heads back to New England from the Saturday Night Live set where he also had a cameo in another sketch.Watch here for Larry David s spot-on performance as Bernie Sanders:Video/Featured image from YouTube",0
8289, Watch The Hilarious GOP Debate Intro Fail (VIDEO),"Saturday s GOP debate got off to a hilarious start as candidates Ben Carson and Donald Trump both failed to appear on stage after their names were called.Video posted to YouTube by the Washington Free Beacon shows an obviously confused Ben Carson hovering off stage for several minutes, after he apparently failed to hear his name called during the introductions.At this point we see a man at the end of the hallway frantically gesturing to Carson to walk out onto the stage.After a long, awkward pause, during which the cameras were honed in on Carson, the announcer goes on to introduce Ted Cruz.Carson begins to walk toward the stage, then suddenly stops, realizing that it was Cruz s name, not his own, that was called.Carson moves further off stage, and Cruz walks past him, patting his arm.After Cruz takes to the stage, the man at the end of the hallway appears again. Yet again he can be seen waving wildly at Carson, prompting him to walk out.But nope. Carson remains dazed and confused.The announcer then calls Donald Trump.Trump saunters slowly around the corner, but he also fails to walk out on the stage.With Carson and Trump both hovering in the hall, the announcer goes on to introduce Marco Rubio.Rubio walks past both of the other candidates, as Trump stands awkwardly near Carson.Jeb Bush is called next. Bush glides right on past Trump and Carson, who clearly have no idea what they re supposed to doing.After all of the other candidates have finally taken to the stage, the moderators personally invite Carson to come out of the hallway.A moment later they call Donald Trump, noting that  he s standing back there as well. Trump misses it again. He finally gets it right the third time around.Watch the hilarious video, courtesy of the Washington Free Beacon on YouTube. Those who watch the GOP debates hoping for substance or serious policy discussion are sure to be disappointed, every time.But those of us who watch expecting nothing more than a good laugh are rarely disappointed.Image credit: video screen capture via Washington Free Beacon on YouTube",0
8290, Texas Trailer Park Shootout Leaves Four Dead After 19-Hour Standoff With Police,"At the beginning of the year, a new law went into effect in Texas authorizing  responsible gun owners  to carry their weapons around pretty much anywhere as long as they have gone through the incredibly easy process of obtaining a concealed carry permit. As the NRA tells us   constantly   these individuals, these  good guys with guns,  are ready to leap into action at the first sign of danger to protect the innocent from  bad guys with guns. Unfortunately, the problem is that the  good guys  often can become  bad guys  the moment they get a little bit angry  something we saw unfold on Friday and Saturday in Uvalde, Texas. Four people are dead after a 19-hour standoff with police at a trailer park.  It s a mess in there right now,  a Uvalde County Sheriff s Office deputy told News 4 San Antonio.Details are scarce, but police have announced that no officers were hurt in the battle with an unannounced number of gunmen and/or women. Uvalde County Sheriff s had responded to reports of shots fired at the trailer park. After police arrived, the suspects opened fire on responding officers   none of whom were hurt, fortunately. People in the trailer park and in neighboring homes were not permitted into the area while the blood battle between  good guys with guns  and police.Unfortunately, the mass proliferation of guns in the United States creates a situation where no one is ever truly safe   not in their homes, not in church, not walking down the street, or anywhere else. The lie that a  good guy with a gun  will save the day is a gross misrepresentation of reality. In fact, they re just as likely to score a headshot on the person they are  saving  as to actually save someone.While many argue that it s their right to carry their self-confidence on their hips, the fact is that keeping a gun around actually makes you less safe than having no gun at all  and then, of course, there s the chance that any  responsible gun owner  could snap at any time and start shooting. While it s true that we don t know what sparked this shootout, we can safely assume that the people who turned their guns on police surely thought of themselves as the  good guys. Featured image via Daily Mail",0
8291, Ted Cruz’s College Roommate Just Won The Internet With His Brilliant #GOPdebate Trolling (TWEETS),"By now you have all heard that Republican candidate Ted Cruz is absolutely loathed by the people he attended college with   including his former roommate. Craig Mazin, a screenwriter who worked on films like Scary Movie 2 & 3, has an entire Twitter page dedicated to how much he hates Ted; it literally it goes back years. On Saturday night, Cruz s former roommate stepped up his trolling game and leveled attacks against all of the GOP candidates.Here s a sample of his trolling:Ted is listening to Carson and thinking,  What is this road? It is not a low road. It is a  high road? DO NOT UNDERSTAND.  Craig Mazin (@clmazin) February 7, 2016 Uhhh, someone played the same tape in Rubio s head.  Craig Mazin (@clmazin) February 7, 2016Maybe it s cuz I m from Jersey, but I enjoy Christie s swagger.  Craig Mazin (@clmazin) February 7, 2016 Okay, Christie  TOO MUCH JERSEY  declare victory and pull out!  Craig Mazin (@clmazin) February 7, 2016I am enjoying President Cruz  plan to build a time machine and undo NK s missile plan.  Craig Mazin (@clmazin) February 7, 2016 Jeb ate his Wheaties this morning.  Craig Mazin (@clmazin) February 7, 2016The moderators know that Carson is still on the stage, right? Does Carson know he s still on the stage?  Craig Mazin (@clmazin) February 7, 2016  I will deport them by forcing them to listen to my voice. They will flee that very night.  Craig Mazin (@clmazin) February 7, 2016Ted responds to  Maybe you have no heart  with a heartless, calculated chuckle.  Craig Mazin (@clmazin) February 7, 2016 This is amazing. Trump is attacking the crowd. It s almost admirable.  Craig Mazin (@clmazin) February 7, 2016Mazin is my new hero. He was absolutely hilarious, and he was spot-on so many times. The New Hampshire debate was filled with so much bullsh*t it was hard to wade through it all. I literally screamed at my television several times, and at least twice it was Cruz who turned me into a demon. In one statement, the Iowa Caucus winner told the crowd that he did not believe that waterboarding fit the definition of torture. Seriously, he doesn t believe that putting a mask on someone and pouring water on their face to simulate drowning is torture. He doesn t believe that making someone think they are going to die over and over and over again is wrong. I guess that means he d be totally cool with a foreign government doing it to our citizens then? The second thing he said that really pissed me off was when he brought up his sister dying of a drug overdose. Wait, no. I m sorry his  half-sister  who died of a drug overdose. You see, he began his monologue about her horrible death by referring to her as his  sister,  but then he quickly corrected himself and made sure everyone knew that they had different mothers. So, he was exploiting her death, but also trying to distance himself from it. Pretty f*cking despicable. The rest of the candidates had the same kind of night. Unlike the other yellfests you could almost feel the desperation of candidates like Ben Carson and Jeb Bush who failed so miserably in Iowa. No matter how bad it was, though, Craig Mazin definitely provided us with some much-needed comedic relief. I hope he shows up for the next debate. Featured image via Twitter/Flickr",0
8292," As Poverty Soars In Michigan, Governor And Wife Eat Cake","On February 5, MLive posted a series of photos detailing Sue Snyder s birthday cake. For those who aren t aware, Sue Snyder is the wife of Michigan governor Rick Snyder.Considering the state s declining income levels and climbing poverty rates, its crumbling schools and failing infrastructure, not to mention the Flint water crisis, the cake is a grotesque display of luxury and opulence that has many Michigan residents fuming.image credit: MLiveAccording to MLive, it took 30 hours for local cake designer Heather Anne Leavitt to create the cake, which features a bag from Chanel, a box from Tiffany & Co., a diamond necklace, a box from Nordstrom, and a designer handbag bearing the Michael Kors logo.Leavitt refused to disclose the cost of the cake, saying only that her customers include  a lot of high end clients. In December, the U.S. Census Bureau released its most recent five year report on the status of Michigan residents.The data showed that poverty rates increased by nearly 20 percent under the leadership of Governor Rick Snyder. Two-thirds of the Michigan communities saw the number of people living at or below the federal poverty line increase between 2010 and 2014.Snyder was elected Governor of Michigan in 2010. He was reelected for a second term in 2014.During the same five year period, the median adjusted household income for Michigan citizens declined by 8.7 percent. Some areas of the state were hit harder than others.MLive reports:Among the state s largest cities as counted in the 2010 census, median household income fell 20 percent in Detroit, 8 percent in Grand Rapids, 15 percent in Warren, 11 percent in Sterling Heights and 14 percent in Lansing.In Ann Arbor, one of the few areas of the state that did not see a decline in median household income, the increase was a whopping 1 percent.According to the 2010   2014 Census data, more than one in six Michigan residents now lives in poverty.It s not just the rising poverty rate or declining household incomes that Michigan citizens are struggling with under the leadership of Rick Snyder.Snyder s austerity cuts have gutted vital services for the state s largest cities, including Detroit and Flint.Schools are crumbling and Michigan s infrastructure is in desperate need of repair.As if that isn t bad enough, 100,000 Flint residents have no access to clean, safe water, thanks to decisions made Governor Rick Snyder. In that city, 200 children under the age of six are confirmed to have irreversible lead poisoning. Another 9,000 are awaiting tests.At least 87 people have been sickened from exposure to waterborne bacteria. Ten of those people died from Legionnaires disease, an illness contracted by breathing in particles of contaminated water.It is grotesquely inappropriate for the governor and his wife to be dining on cake shaped like shopping bags, designer handbags and diamond jewelry, while the citizens of their state struggle to deal with the real life consequences of Snyder s destructive austerity policies.Not since the French revolution has a piece of cake been so symbolic of so many things.Featured image from MLive",0
8293, Donald Trump Just Promised Torture Worse Than Waterboarding If Elected (VIDEO),"At this point, it could be said that Donald Trump is just trying to see how awful and extreme he can truly be. He s already got the bigot vote locked up, including white supremacists and those who really don t want Mexicans anywhere near the United States. Now, it seems he s also totally cool with torture to gain intelligence.Trump is totally trying to get us to believe that he will be incredibly tough on suspected terrorists or those who may hold valuable intelligence. Not only did he say that waterboarding is absolutely A-OK, but he s also insinuating that he s going to be even more extreme in regards to torture and interrogation. Ethics and Geneva Convention be damned, right?When asked what s worse than waterboarding by Los Angeles Times reporter Chris Megerian, Trump responded with: Uh, you ll find out. Umm  how evil does that sound?  You ll find out.  Holy crap. That could mean anything. And we have to wait until he s elected? Thank goodness that will never happen because Democrats will get their act together and unify behind one candidate if Trump or any GOP nominee is the candidate they are facing.The fact that a candidate for President of the United States is advocating torture is outright horrifying. We are better than that as a nation and we need to prove it on election day. What s worse than waterboarding?  You ll find out,  Trump tells me. pic.twitter.com/jbnx9czZHi  Chris Megerian (@ChrisMegerian) February 7, 2016Video/Featured image from Twitter",0
8294, Man With History Of Mental Illness Was Able To Buy A Gun And Kill This Woman Who Told Him ‘No’,"Christopher O Kroley was a co-worker to Caroline Nosal. Christopher wanted Caroline as his girlfriend, but Caroline said no. Two days later, Christopher murdered her in the parking lot where they used to work, saying it was  easy  to kill her because she ruined his life.It wasn t just saying no one time. Caroline had to deal with harassment from Christopher over a period of time where he wouldn t take no for an answer. It got so bad that Caroline had to report his behavior to management, which in turn got Christopher suspended then eventually fired.Christopher admitted that he bought the gun right after he was fired, but waited a day before murdering Caroline because he wanted to practice using the gun. He shot her three times in the parking lot of the grocery store where they used to work together, when he found out her work schedule from a co-worker. After the murder, Christopher texted a co-worker,  I killed Caroline and I m about to kill myself, so don t be surprised when I don t respond anymore. Madison police officer Michele Walker got onto the scene quickly though, and exchanged gunfire with the murderer, resulting in him being taken alive instead of letting him finish his plan.This entire situation could have been prevented, if we only could take our gun laws seriously. A former girlfriend of Christopher said that he had a history of severe mental health issues, and attempted suicide once before in 2014. There is no excuse for a person with a history of severe mental illness and a suicide attempt being able to procure a firearm so easily. Not only did he get one, but he got one as if he was buying a loaf of bread at the local mini-mart. While it s true that a mandatory waiting period may not have stopped this, it certainly couldn t have hurt anything.Republicans keep squawking that we have to address the mental health issues in this country, but their  address it but cutting it  is yielding no results. If this gun was purchased with a background check, the mental health history was not flagged in the report. This is courtesy of the NRA. They literally do everything they can to block the things for which they keep calling. Perhaps the real spot we need to improve mental health is among Republicans, and then it would trickle down from there.Featured image from Huffington Post",0
8295, Ten Lessons We Should Learn From The Flint Water Crisis (VIDEO),"On January 16, President Obama declared a federal emergency in the city of Flint, Michigan. The president s declaration was issued even as evidence mounted that officials in the state s government had willfully and knowingly allowed tens of thousands of Flint residents to consume poisoned water for more than a year.As a result of decisions made by Michigan governor Rick Snyder, 200 children under the age of six have been confirmed to have irreversible lead poisoning. As testing continues, another 9,000 children are likely to be diagnosed with elevated levels of lead in their blood.Emails and leaked documents from the Snyder administration show that the governor and his appointed emergency managers were aware of the problem with the city s water for more than a year.As Addicting Info reported here, an in-depth report by the ACLU of Michigan shows that state officials falsified documents and rigged tests, to purposely mislead the EPA regarding the amount of lead in Flint s water.In addition to poisoning thousands of people with lead, Michigan officials, including the governor and his hand-picked emergency managers, not only ignored a massive spike in cases of Legionnaires disease, but blocked attempts by health officials to determine the cause or take appropriate steps to protect public health.Ten people died from exposure to the waterborne Legionella bacteria.In spite of the fact that state officials knew that the water was likely contaminated with this deadly bacteria and poisoned with lead, they repeatedly assured Flint residents that it was safe to drink.While it is tempting to believe that what happened in Flint can t happen to any of us, the reality is that unless we learn from this unprecedented disaster, it not only can happen to us, it likely will.Here are the ten most important things that Americans must learn from the Flint water crisis.Michigan s emergency manager law, passed by the state s republican/Tea Party legislature and signed by Governor Rick Snyder, provides for the establishment of a puppet government across the state. The law gives Governor Snyder the legal authority to remove elected officials (democrats) and replace them with a single, unelected  manager. Every emergency manager in the state is hand-picked by the governor.The state s emergency managers are bestowed with unlimited power to make decisions on behalf of the local government. In the meantime, the people elected by the citizens are stripped of power, and their voices are silenced. In Flint, Detroit, Pontiac, Benton Harbor and elsewhere across the state of Michigan, local residents have been shut out of the decision-making process entirely.Make no mistake, the state s emergency manager law not only allowed the citizens of Flint to be poisoned, it allowed Snyder officials to cover up the contaminated water for more than a year.As republican governor Chris Christie advances a Michigan-style emergency manager law in New Jersey, it s vital that residents of Atlantic City understand how this law set the stage for the Flint water crisis.Flint is a horrifying example of what happens when right-wing extremists are allowed to make decisions that impact the lives of thousands of citizens.The decision to use the Flint river as a water source for the city was made by Snyder s appointed emergency manager in Flint, Ed Kurtz. There s also evidence that this decision came down directly from the governor s office.The story of how 100,000 people were poisoned by their own government is best understood in terms of right-wing ideology. The people who were charged with making decisions for Flint can be described as typical right-wing extremists. They are EPA-haters, regulation-opposers and Science deniers.These underlying beliefs allowed them to justify their illegal actions, both to each other and to themselves. To them, rigging tests, falsifying documents and flat-out lying to the environmental protection agency was just a way to get around the  evil EPA  with all its  oppressive, costly and unnecessary regulations. Did they believe that their actions would cause harm to tens of thousands of people? It s possible they did. But it s more likely that their underlying anti-federal government, anti-regulation ideology allowed them to convince themselves that their actions would not really harm anyone. These are people who really believed that  evil government regulations  only exist to oppress the free market, not protect the public.Those beliefs are exactly why politicians who subscribe to right-wing ideology can never, ever be trusted to make decisions that could potentially impact the lives of hundreds of thousands of people.A long list of people, all appointed by Michigan governor Rick Snyder, played a role in the Flint water crisis. All of them were uneducated, inexperienced and unqualified for the positions they were appointed to. Not a single person who played a role in the switch of the city s water source to the Flint river had any knowledge or experience in this area.Nowhere is that more evident in the fact that emergency manager Ed Kurtz eliminated the use of corrosion control, to save roughly $80.00 a day.That single uneducated decision virtually destroyed the city s infrastructure, and created the lead contamination Flint residents are facing today.To understand the level of ineptitude this plummets to, bear in mind that Flint is the only city in the United States that had no plan for corrosion control whatsoever.Corrosion control for all municipal water supplies is mandatory under the Safe Drinking Water Act.In order to cover-up for the fact that corrosion control was eliminated by Snyder appointed officials, state officials lied to the EPA.As reported by Dr. Marc Edwards of the Flint Water Study program here,On February 27th, 2015, MDEQ s Stephen Busch unequivocally and falsely responded to EPA that: The City of Flint Has an Optimized Corrosion Control Program <and> Conducts quarterly Water Quality Parameter monitoring at 25 sites and has not had any unusual results. This was a flat-out lie.It wasn t until much later that the EPA learned that Michigan officials had been deceiving the agency about the use of corrosion control in Flint.As MLive reported nearly a year later, EPA officials were stunned when they discovered the truth. I was stunned when I found out they did not have corrosion control in place,  Miguel A. Del Toral, regulations manager in the EPA s ground water and drinking water branch, said in an interview with The Flint Journal-MLive today, Jan. 21. In my head, I didn t believe that. I thought: That can t be true that s so basic. That s not possible. Unfortunately, it was possible.It was also the direct result of Governor Snyder appointing a list of unqualified, uneducated and inexperienced businessmen to be in charge of the city s water supply.A close examination of Michigan government shows what can happen when a single political party seizes control of all branches of government.The two-party system of government is essential to a healthy democracy. Not only is the system meant to safeguard against the kind of dictatorship being imposed in Michigan, but a second party with at least some amount of political power is necessary to keep government in check.In Michigan, the right wing has virtually succeeded in suppressing any voice that is not its own.Michigan s single party rule has eliminated from government anyone that could reasonably be expected to investigate corruption or hold state officials accountable for their actions.Michigan has a right-wing Attorney General, Secretary of State and Governor, along with a legislature that is entirely controlled by Tea Party and republican representatives. There is virtually no  other party  with any power in Michigan. Because of that, there is no-one to act as a watchdog for state government and there is no-one to hold state officials accountable.When Attorney General Bill Schuette finally announced an investigation into the Flint water crisis, Michigan residents laughed. No-one was surprised when Scheutte chose a private lawyer, who is not accountable to the public, to conduct the investigation. Nor was anyone surprised when it was revealed that the recently hired investigator is a republican party donor, who helped elect Rick Snyder.As Democracy Web explains it:There are ideological movements that reject the central tenets of multiparty electoral democracy but exploit the system s freedoms and processes to seek power. These include fascism, communism, and some forms of religious fundamentalism and ethnic or racial nationalism. Generally, parties with such ideologies use a utopian vision for the future to justify the imposition of a dictatorship once they reach government. While other parties are sometimes allowed to exist under their rule, real political power is exercised solely by the governing party. In these single-party systems, the ruling party is also a source of patronage, the main vehicle for personal advancement in politics and society, and a mechanism for strictly enforcing conformity to the dominant ideology. Underground parties or movements often organize against such regimes, but these are subject to severe repression.The Flint water crisis could not have happened without this total imbalance of power in the state s government.Michigan citizens apparently voted for Rick Snyder because of his  business experience.  That was their first mistake.Snyder s experience as a venture capitalist and corporate CEO did not make him more qualified to govern a state. If anything, it made him less qualified.Throughout his career, Snyder has been driven by the corporate doctrine of shareholder profit above all else. The only thing considered  unethical  in the corporate world is losing money.We got a first-hand glimpse into the corporate decision making process in 1968. That year leaked documents showed that the Ford Motor Company had compared the cost of recalling the company s Pinto to the cost of letting people die when the car s engine exploded. The company s analysis showed that it would be cheaper to let people die than to recall the car. So they did.Corporate ethics revolve around doing whatever you can get away with to protect or increase shareholder profits. This is the world that CEO s like Governor Rick Snyder live in.In relation to Flint, the media narrative has been that the source of Flint s drinking water was switched to the Flint river to  save the city money.  This narrative is simply not true.A feasibility study ordered by former Michigan State Treasurer Andy Dillon showed that switching the source of Flint s water would cost the city more. That report was thrown out by state officials.Emails released earlier this month, however, verify that it would have saved Flint hundreds of thousands dollars to stay with the Detroit Water and Sewer, even in the best case scenario.After the switch, Flint residents experienced a massive hike in their water rates. The increase in cost left many citizens unable to afford to keep water on in their homes. But those citizens who lost access to Flint s poisoned water may have been the lucky ones.If Snyder considered the citizens of Michigan his  shareholders  than none of these decisions make sense. He wasn t saving the city money as he repeatedly claimed. He wasn t doing the citizens of Flint any favors, either.But Snyder s decisions were never based on what was best for the city of Flint, nor the residents of that city.There s a whole different set of  shareholders  whose identities are not yet known.These are the people who Michigan s emergency manager law was set up to benefit.The law is formally known as Public Act 436. Embedded in the text of this law is the provision for state emergency managers to receive unlimited amounts of private cash.Section 141.1549 (f) reads:In addition to the salary provided to an emergency manager in a contract approved by the state treasurer under subdivision (e), this state may receive and distribute private funds to an emergency manager. As used in this subdivision,  private funds  means any money the state receives for the purpose of allocating additional salary to an emergency manager.Snyder set up a fund for these secret private donors, which he originally called the NERD fund. Cash was transferred through this fund directly into the pockets of Snyder s emergency managers.After a public outcry over the NERD fund, Snyder told the citizens of Michigan that it had been eliminated. That was another lie.Snyder simply changed the name of the slush fund from the NERD fund to the Moving Michigan Forward Fund.The same unnamed donors who have been lining the pockets of Michigan emergency managers for several years, are now footing the bill for Snyder s recently hired PR firms.Watch this video from WXYZ.The FBI and the Department of Justice criminal division are now investigating the Flint water crisis. Let s be clear, without the hope of an independent, outside investigation by federal authorities, Michigan citizens would be left without recourse.Michigan is one of two states in the country which exempts the governor and all state lawmakers from Freedom of Information requests.Any government that goes to these lengths to hide what it is doing from the public is a government that cannot and should not be trusted.Right wing lawmakers have no desire to make government work. They work to make government fail. Nowhere is that clearer than in the state of Michigan, where Snyder s appointed officials repeatedly broke federal laws, with devastating consequences. It s no surprise that republicans are now trying to use the Flint water crisis as proof that  government doesn t work. There s nothing more dangerous to a corrupt government than an informed and involved citizenry.Being informed doesn t mean getting your news and information from the same source or sources all of the time, either.Sometimes being informed just means talking to other people, reaching across the aisles and stepping outside of your usual comfort zone.The people of Flint tried for more than a year to get the public s attention. We should ask ourselves why we didn t listen sooner.If we are to make sure that what happened in Flint never happens anywhere again, then we have to decide that we will not let factors like income or race or political affiliation determine whether or not we are willing to listen to our fellow citizens.If we can learn anything from the Flint water crisis, it s how important it is for each and every one of us to use our voting rights now. If we don t, we can (and almost surely will) lose them later.Right-wing politicians like Rick Snyder do not believe in democracy. They do not support your right to vote, nor your right to participate in government.Make no mistake, the only rights the people of Michigan have left are those which are protected by the federal government. At the state level, the right-wing legislature has removed the people s ability to participate in local government. These same lawmakers virtually eliminated the citizen s ability to recall their elected officials. They have also made it impossible for the voters to repeal legislation.This is what the far-right has accomplished in Michigan in just a few short years.Imagine what they will do if they gain complete control of the federal government These are certainly not the only lessons we should learn from the Flint water crisis. But if we all just learn these ten, and we truly take them to heart, our society will be so much better off going into the 2016 election. Image credit from Michigan Municipal League, via Flckr, cc 2.0",0
8296," Jeb Bush Receives Worst Endorsement Ever, Definitely Does NOT Want Anyone To Clap","Jeb Bush is desperate for people to support him and his fledgling campaign for the presidency, but he probably wishes the latest supporter of his campaign had kept his endorsement to himself.As you may recall, Jeb s brother George nearly destroyed the economy back in 2008 all while giving ridiculous tax breaks to the wealthy pricks who helped him crash it.Jeb Bush hasn t exactly been touting W s economic record, but one hedge-funder who has since become one of the most hated corporate tools in America is touting his support for Jeb s campaign.Last year, Jeb s biggest fan hiked the price of a crucial AIDS medication known as Daraprim to $750 a pill, a 5,000 percent increase from its original price, thereby guaranteeing that only rich patients would be able to afford the drug without fearing bankruptcy.Ferret face then went on television to defend the price hike in the most dickish way possible as if he s helping people by raising the price.And most recently, the greedy douchebag has been arrested by federal authorities for securities fraud and repeatedly dodged questions by lawmakers after being subpoenaed by Congress.As you have probably figured out, the Jeb endorser described is none other than professional asshole Martin Shkreli.Shkreli took to Twitter on Friday and posted a brief message announcing his support of the former Florida Governor who had to beg people to clap during a recent rally.@JebBush i m an avid supporter  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) February 6, 2016Perhaps even more embarrassing if the fact that Shkreli rescinded his endorsement less than 24 hours later by blaming his alleged date for posting the tweet as a joke. My date made the tweet about Jeb Bush as a joke. I don t follow politics except for having a profound hatred for all politicians.  Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) February 7, 2016This creates a couple questions. First, who in this world would date a total asshole who screws around with people s healthcare? And second, how pathetic must Jeb Bush be if the only endorsement he can get is a fake one by the most hated man in America?",0
8297, Michigan Republicans Pass Bill That Would Put Gay AND Straight Couples In Prison,"Conservative lawmakers are far too obsessed with how people have sex.In defiance of the Supreme Court, Michigan Republicans have passed a bill that makes oral and anal sex felonies punishable by up to 15 years in prison.State Senator Rick Jones, an old white right-wing guy who is apparently angry about all the sex he s not having, added the anti-sex language to SB 219, which is supposed to be an animal protection bill, included in a larger package of bills known as Logan s Law.Logan s Law is designed to block convicted animal abusers from owning any pets for five years, but Jones couldn t wait to use the bill to push his own belief that consenting adults who have oral and anal sex should be left to rot in a jail cell. He slipped in language revising the unconstitutional anti-sodomy law near the very end of the bill in a move that Jones probably hoped would go unnoticed.Here s a screenshot of Section 158 of Senate Bill 219.Despite calls for Jones to remove the section, he claims that to do so would hurt the animal protection bill as a whole. The minute I cross that line and I start talking about the other stuff, I won t even get another hearing. It ll be done,  Jones said.  Nobody wants to touch it. I would rather not even bring up the topic, because I know what would happen. You d get both sides screaming and you end up with a big fight that s not needed because it s unconstitutional. But Jones is the one who crossed the line in the first place by sneaking in his dream of outlawing oral and anal sex between humans into an animal protection bill. He s the one who willingly put the overall bill in jeopardy.Jones went on to claim that he believes the only way to repeal the sodomy ban is if the state passes a bill to do so, which he says he could  probably  vote for.The Supreme Court struck down anti-sodomy laws in 2003, but conservatives across the country have been fighting to keep the laws on the books ever since. That includes Ken Cuccinelli in Virginia who tried to outlaw  carnal knowledge  between married couples in 2013 as he failed to become the state s governor.And just like Cuccinelli, it appears Jones is trying to insert Christian fundamentalist law into the civil law, which would create a legal clusterf*ck in this country since it would destroy privacy. In order to enforce such a law, it would take millions upon millions of dollars, a spying program, and a cop in every household to make sure women and men are only doing it missionary style and that their reproductive organs are in the place where they believe God intended them to be.In short, whenever Republicans say they support smaller government, they are full of shit, and so is Rick Jones. But I bet Justice Scalia is totally behind him all the way. Featured image from Facebook",0
8298, Here’s The One Thing That Scares Trump And His Racist Followers (VIDEO),"We are all aware by now of Donald Trump s racist rhetoric. One young but very intelligent and articulate student understands how the media can at times sensationalize everything, so he decided to see for himself by attending a Trump rally. His findings were not surprising: Trump s followers are very racist. James Patterson, whose high school assignment was for him to volunteer at Trump s campaign as part of a student-based civics activity, perfectly analyzes the Trump phenomenon and he exemplifies what racists are afraid of: The baseline of his campaign is to make America white again. It speaks to fundamentalist Christian, white middle class Americans who feel like their power has been taken. Even though that s a false accusation, they feel like because minorities are making strides that they re losing power. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bh8VGKqqunA]Patterson was also stunned to see just how many people actually support Donald Trump. He said: That s the scary part about the Trump campaign, they re everyday people, people we work with, people at schools, people who hold these resentments. As an African American, that s very scary  that I can talk to somebody and they can hate me because of my skin color. Patterson said that what concerned him the most was how nice people pretended to be to him, yet they were in favor of Trump s racist policies, policies that have come out against minority populations, specifically Muslims and Mexicans: They were very friendly, they were normal people but in the back of their mind, and openly, they were advocating for Trump s policies which are inherently exclusive for people who look like me. However, as he made his way through the crowd, Patterson said that the pretense of friendliness went away and he could feel the hostility: When I would bump into various members of the crowd, there were hostile looks when I would attempt to excuse myself. Many people in the crowd looked me up and down as I was walking. If I had to describe the feeling it would be that of isolation. This all reminded Patterson of what he s made to feel like as an African American in this country. The difference with Trump and his followers is that they normalize all this and make it fine.The most effective response to Trump and his racist army is for minorities to continue the march toward self-empowerment through education and activism. This young man is an excellent example and an effective counter punch to the racists. Featured image from Wikimedia Commons",0
8299, REVEALED: One Of Hillary Clinton’s Goldman Sachs Speeches (VIDEO),"For weeks, if not months, if not decades, those trying to highlight Hillary s connection to Wall Street have been focused on her relationship with Goldman Sachs and how much she was paid to speak for them. Transcripts of those speeches have also been requested. Well, here is one of those speeches.Clinton can be seen here on October 22, 2014 speaking in front of a large Goldman Sachs audience. However, she s not talking about giving them breaks or handouts or favors, she s proving the case for women entrepreneurs. As much as Wall Street NEEDS to be reined in and made to pay their fair share in taxes as well as be properly regulated, we need to also remember that there can be some good that comes out of companies with a lot of money. Clinton, recognizing this, has been trying to help raise capital to support women in business. Which, in 2014, was looking to raise up to $600 million in support of female entrepreneurs.This video, featuring Hillary making the case for women in business, which was before she decided to run for president, has the caption: The event featured a keynote address from former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on the business case for empowering women to ensure future economic growth. Pretty evil, right? Probably just another backhanded scheme to  eh, enough of the conspiracy theories.Clinton, during her speech stated: The work that we are doing is work that is absolutely essential for global economic growth. Followed by: There is no path forward that does not include the empowerment of women. As far as speaking fees, her fees were pretty standard for most any highly distinguished speaker, so when she responds with,  that s what they offered  and being a former First Lady, Senator, and Secretary of State, it makes sense to pay her as much as they did, as obscene as that amount may seem.Clinton was speaking on behalf of women worldwide and trying to open doors to accessible capital to start businesses and advance gender equity as well as economic equality.Here s her speech in full: Video/Featured image from YouTube",0
8300, ‘Responsible’ Texas Father Shoots His 9-Year-Old Daughter While Showing Her His Gun,"Republicans talk a good game about their supporters being  responsible gun owners.  As a matter of fact, to listen to them you d almost believe that every gun owner in America is super responsible, only concerned about protecting themselves and their family. However, when you turn on the news it becomes very obvious that this isn t the case at all. Actually, more often than not we hear stories that sound a little something like this one out of Texas.A 9-year-old girl who was wounded when a 9-mm gun her father was showing her discharged was in critical condition Friday in a Temple hospital. The girl, whose name has not been released, was struck in the left shoulder in the shooting at around 9:30 p.m. Thursday One officer said authorities believe the shooting was accidental.Let me be clear: A gun does not just discharge. Period.This ammosexual was showing off his gun to his 9-year-old daughter and he shot her because he is a f*cking idiot who does not know how to handle a gun. He didn t look to make sure there was not a bullet in the chamber of this gun he thought was so awesome.The same people who say that all of their supporters are  responsible  also say that we want to take their guns away. First of all, we don t but if we did could you blame us? According to Every Town, a gun control advocacy group:From December 2012 to December 2013, at least 100 children were killed in unintentional shootings   almost two each week, 61 percent higher than federal data reflect. And even this larger number reflects just a fraction of the total number of children injured or killed with guns in the U.S. each year, regardless of the intent.That s an astronomical amount of kids and the right-wing thinks there isn t a problem in this country. When hundreds of our kids are dying and thousands of adults are meeting the same fate in what is arguably the most powerful nation on earth, we clearly have an issue. What s worse is that the vast majority of  accidental  shootings could be prevented if people, like this father, just used common sense and took a safety course. Featured image from Whudat",0
8301, The Right Celebrated Trayvon Martin’s Birthday…By Being Disgusting A-Holes (SCREENSHOTS),"The story of Trayvon Martin may be one of the saddest we as liberals have ever had to endure. Harassed and profiled because of the color of his skin, Trayvon was murdered by a man who had no business following him from a local store where he had just partaken in the nefarious business of purchasing an iced tea and some Skittles.We then had to watch as his murderer, George The Animal Zimmerman, got off scot-free, only to lead a despicable life of domestic abuse and more weapons charges. As if that weren t bad enough, we had to endure the gloating from the right-wingers, proud of their champion for murdering a teenage  thug  in cold blood because he defended himself against the man who was stalking him with a loaded gun.Friday was Trayvon s birthday. He would have been 21 years old. His life hadn t yet begun, but because he was black and wearing a hoodie, he was fair game for a lunatic. When Trayvon s birthday arrived we were reminded of the heinous crime that took his life for no reason as we saw memorials and tributes come across our newsfeeds. The right, being the insufferable a-holes that they are, couldn t help but take yet another opportunity to gloat.Ben Shapiro, big shot right-wing blogger for such  reputable  propaganda mills as Breitbart and The Daily Caller, decided to use his Twitter account to remind us of his official position in life as douchebag extraordinaire:Trayvon Martin would have turned 21 today if he hadn't taken a man's head and beaten it on the pavement before being shot.  Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) February 5, 2016No, jackass. Trayvon would have turned 21 had he not been followed for no reason and accosted, forcing him to defend himself from an armed lunatic because he was guilty of walking while black.John Nolte, another Breitbart loser, decided to join in the festivities of rubbing a family s noses in the death of their loved one.:Had he not tried to smash the wrong man's head in Trayvon Martin would've turned 21 today.  John Nolte (@NolteNC) February 5, 2016Maybe if he had just been loft alone too walk home and watch some TV with his soft drink and candy, dumbasses like you wouldn t be able to consider a complete tool like George Zimmerman  the right man. These idiots sparked a slew of sentiments from across the conservative world, each more disgusting than the last. Here s the perfect example:Twitter is sponsoring an ""In Memoriam"" of Trayvon Martin. Disgusting. Celebrating thug culture.  andieiam (@andieiamwhoiam) February 5, 2016That s right, kids. According to the right, as long as you re black, you re a thug. Trayvon was a kid minding his own business, but he was black. Thug. He was carrying dangerous candy and a drink. Thug. When confronted he didn t back dow but fought for his own safety. Thus. Then he was shot by a madman for walking while black in the wrong neighborhood. Thug.It wood be so much easier if they would just be honest and go back to using the N-word.Featured image from Twitter ",0
8302," Jeb Bush Brings Mom To Rally, Cracks Awkward Joke About Her Abusing Him As A Child (VIDEO)","Barbara Bush recently accompanied her youngest son to a campaign rally in New Hampshire, and judging from his performance she probably wishes she d stayed home! Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush tried to make a joke about his childhood and instead turned it into an incredibly awkward moment for his entire family. Even worse, he made his mother look like a child abuser.Talking to his supporters, Jeb commented on how many people tell him how much they love his mother. Jeb s mother smiles in the audience, but quickly starts to look uncomfortable as she hears her son say,  She s not as great as everybody thinks she is. I can tell you that one.  He continued: I jokingly say, that when we were growing up in Midland and Houston that mom was fortunate not to have a child abuse hotline available, because the discipline of learning right and wrong was her doing. Jeb then goes on about how amazing of a man his father, former president George H. W. Bush, was   and almost chokes up while doing so. You can watch this disaster of a family moment play out below: Bush has told awkward stories about his family before   even about the father he speak so favorably about. Last year, Bush disturbed a bunch of middle schoolers by venting to them about how his fear of disappointing his father would send him into a  deep depression for days. And to this day, it seems that Bush is still reliving his childhood struggles. Last night, Bush and his mother gave an interview with CNN, which resulted in even more crippling family criticism. During the interview, Bush s mother actually started giving Jeb advice on how he should be running for President, and shamelessly pointed out his weaknesses. Accusing the media of not mentioning Jeb nearly as much as the other GOP candidates because he is a  non-person,  she said that Jeb was too nice,  too polite  and needed to interrupt more. As this was happening, Jeb looked completely defeated and helplessly sat in silence.Featured image via Gage Skidmore and CBS screenshot",0
8303, Bill Maher Slays Ted Cruz And GOP Science Deniers With Amazingly Hilarious Groundhog Day Ad (VIDEO),"There s been a meme spreading across social media that says  Only in America do we accept weather predictions from a rodent but deny climate change evidence from scientists. Sadly, that meme is more accurate than Punxsutawney Phil could ever hope to be as conservatives continue to deny climate science outright as they flock to see if a groundhog sees his shadow or not to predict an early spring or more winter.Of course, groundhogs are not scientifically accurate at all. It s a complete myth that they can forecast the weather. This is explained particularly well by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, who put together a nice chart comparing Phil s predictions with the actual temperatures that occurred following them. From 1988-2015, NOAA found that,  The table shows no predictive skill for the groundhog during the most recent years of this analysis. While Groundhog Day is a way to have a little fun at mid-winter, climate records and statistics tell us that winter probably isn t over. Climatologically speaking, the three coldest months of the year are December, January, and February, so winter typically still has a bit to go when the groundhog comes out in search of his shadow on February 2. And that s why Bill Maher had a field day on Friday mocking conservative climate science deniers with a hilarious attack ad aimed particularly at Ted Cruz.Maher noted that Groundhog Day fell on the same day as the Iowa caucus vote, and said that because Punxsutawney Phil predicted warmer weather,  naturally, conservatives now think that Punxsutawney Phil is in the tank with the liberals on global warming. They re crazy about this issue,  Maher said, which is why he introduced an ad mocking climate science deniers in which conservatives attack Phil for being just another scientist propped up by liberal media. The ad also took a masterful shot at Iowa winner Ted Cruz.Here s the video via YouTube:Conservatives probably are crazy enough to believe that a groundhog can predict weather and they are certainly crazy enough to attack the groundhog for predicting warmer weather. But not believing actual science is truly crazy and it s the kind of crazy that is dangerous as Republicans continue to ignore that many of our coastal cities are going to be under water if we don t act. Featured image via screenshot",0
8304, ‘Millennials Rising’ Republican Super PAC Almost Entirely Funded By One 72-Year-Old White Guy,"If there is one thing that s immediately clear by attending a Republican presidential rally or looking at the demographics of Fox News it s that the modern Republican Party is not so  modern  after all. They are old. And each year, they lose more of their supporters to Father Time, while being replaced by a far more progressive youth.Understanding the basic math of this problem can sends shivers down the spine of a Republican political operative. How can they expect to compete with the Democratic Party with their supporters entering their 70s? Sadly, the most obvious answer   update your archaic policy positions, stupid!   never occurs to them. Instead, they are going to try to  fake it.  They ll pretend to be cool.One shot at this sad new attempt to cling onto relevancy comes in the form of  Millennials Rising,  a conservative Super PAC that aims to show the youth that the Republican Party can be  hip  and  dope  and  on fleek.  Their ads are pathetic as they sound.Here s one supporting Jeb Bush:Seems like it was made by an old guy desperately trying to figure out what is cool, right? That s because it kind of was.In an investigation by The Intercept, reporters found that  Millinnials Rising  is 95 percent funded by old rich guys. The principle backer is a 72-year-old billionaire who  earned  his fortune by being the grandson of an oil baron.Of the $54,960 total raised by the Super PAC, $50,000, or 91 percent, comes from the snowy-haired, 72-year-old billionaire Robert A. Day. He is the grandson of Superior Oil founder William Myron Keck and a former investment manager. Day has also given $1 million to the pro-Bush Super PAC Right to Rise.The rest of the Super PAC s backers are all about equally far into their golden years.Zooming out, the silliness of a bunch of rich old guys funding a Super PAC intended for 18-year-olds is exactly why the Republican Party is such a mess. Rather than come to accept that things like homophobia and regressive social safety net positions are out of sync with where America   especially its young people   are at, they try to throw money at the problem. Unfortunately, all the Instagram filters and Vine loops in the world can t convince young people that Republicans aren t the party of backwards policies.To give us a sense of what is coming, Mitt Romney desperately tried to win the  Millennial  vote in 2012 by throwing a fortune into ads at them   he still lost them 2 to 1.Obama easily won the youth vote nationally, 67 percent to 30 percent, with young voters proving the decisive difference in Florida, Virginia, Pennsylvania and Ohio, according to an analysis by the Center for Research and Information on Civic Learning and Engagement at Tufts University.It wasn t even close.Feature image via YouTube",0
8305, ROFL: An Adult Film Company Just Offered To Make Ted Cruz’s Bizarre Dreams Come True (Letter),"A video that recently surfaced of a young Ted Cruz has raised some eyebrows. The creepy little Cruz, aside from declaring his aspirations to be rich, powerful and to take over the world, also expressed an interest in making a  teen tit film,  because he s the perfect Christian. Yes, your sarcasm alarm went off for a reason.Well now Ted Cruz has been given the opportunity to make his dream come true, thanks to adult film giant, Vivid Entertainment. Big shot at Vivid, Steve Hirsch, has extended an offer for Cruz to star in his very own XXX movie that would most certainly be quite a tad more risqu than an 80 s  tit film.  Hirsh offered to send $1 million to the super PAC of Cruz s choice in exchange for his services.This letter to Senator Cruz, obtained by TMZ, lays out the offer, along with a suggested headline for the film, which is nothing short of brilliant and hilarious:Courtesy of TMZThe crack about his home country was a great touch. This is what is called trolling the turd. Mockery at its finest. Ted Cruz, fast becoming the most hated man in Washington, deserves every bit of ridicule he gets. The  family values Christian  who thinks all life is sacred yet supports the death penalty and wants to carpet bomb villages full of innocent people if there s a hint of a terrorist in the area needs to be brought down a peg or two, especially after his Iowa win.Would  Cruzin For Bush  be a big hit? It just might be. There must be people out there willing to pay good money to see the world s most punchable face in action. The real question is, what would he do with his lapel flag?Kudos to Steve Hirsch for pulling off the troll of the week!Featured image from Gage Skidmore",0
8306, Super Bowl QB Peyton Manning Bankrolling This GOP Presidential Candidate (IMAGE),"When you sit down to watch the Super Bowl contest between the Denver Broncos and Carolina Panthers, you may want to know that the man leading Denver to the field is a hardcore right-wing Republican.Peyton Manning, the Broncos quarterback and former superstar for the Indianapolis Colts, doesn t just occasionally donate to the Republican Party. In fact, Manning is a maxed out contributor to Jeb Bush s 2016 presidential campaign.In October of 2015 it was revealed that Manning donated $2,700 to Bush s campaign, the most an individual can contribute. While Manning may want his money back based on how the Bush campaign has underperformed so far, it s part of a pattern for the veteran player, who has often contributed to the Republican cause.Over the last ten years, Manning has donated $22,400 to political campaigns, all of that to conservative Republicans. He gave $10,200 to Senator Bob Corker, from Tennessee. Manning was a superstar player for the Tennessee Volunteers. Manning also gave money to Dick Lugar, who served as a senator for Indiana, around the same time Manning played for the Colts.At the presidential level, Manning gave money to George W. Bush in 2004, and was a maxed-out $5,000 donor to Mitt Romney s failed 2012 presidential campaign.Manning s wife Ashley joined her husband in supporting Republicans. According to Federal Election Commission (FEC) records, she donated to Senator Corker as well, and also gave to Jeb Bush. Between the two Mannings, she was the only one to ever donate to a Democrat, former Senator Mary Landrieu, who hailed from Manning s birth state of Louisiana.His brother, Eli, the New York Giants quarterback, is also a maxed-out Jeb Bush donor.According to the Center for Responsive Politics, the Broncos have donated $112,475 to conservative candidates and political committees. By comparison the Carolina Panthers have given $21,000 to support the right. While both teams have also contributed to liberal candidates, the numbers are much smaller   $3,500 for the Broncos, $4,000 for the Panthers.Unlike Manning, Panthers quarterback Cam Newton has not been a political donor.Overall the NFL leans heavily in favor of Republican donors, most of that money coming from the billionaire owners who own the teams.Featured image via Flickr",0
8307, WATCH: Bill Maher Doesn’t Hold Back Defending Bernie Sanders On Foreign Policy,"During a segment of Real Time with Bill Maher, the comedic host went all out in his defense of Bernie Sanders  foreign policy experience.During the segment, the lefties at the table agreed that Sanders is excellent on economic issues. Though some seemed skeptical that Sanders has the same grasp of foreign policy issues.  Maher was asked by MSNBC s Alex Wagner if he seriously thinks that Sanders is fit to lead the nation as president when it comes to foreign policy matters. Wagner asks Maher: Do you want Bernie Sanders getting off Air Force One, making a deal on foreign police with ? Do you think he s at the level that we need? Maher responds to Wagner s question, saying: Fuck yeah! The guy who voted right on the Iraq war? Yea, I do. Then, Armstrong Williams, an advisor for Ben Carson, decided to chime in. Williams implies that it doesn t actually matter how well Sanders knows foreign policy. That s because Sanders would be surrounded by experts.Maher says that might be good enough for Carson, who once repeatedly and publicly referred to Hamas, as  Hummus.  Maher recounts the time that Carson said that we need to build a coalition of Arab nations, in order to combat the Islamic State. When asked what nations he would have been a part of this coalition, Carson couldn t name a single nation.The idea that Sanders wouldn t be strong on foreign policy issues is ridiculous. Both Hillary Clinton and Sanders, have not been extremely illustrative about their views on foreign policy. That might have to do with the fact that Democrats are not that passionate about foreign policy issues this election cycle. There may be a few areas where the two candidates diverge, though, they both seem to mainly differentiate themselves by tone on issues like the Islamic State.You can watch the segment from the show, below.https://youtu.be/62YiMIGmAdc?t=4s Featured image from video screenshot via YouTube.",0
8308, Modern Medicine Explains Why Your Desire To Punch Ted Cruz In The Face Is Completely Natural,"Germans call it Backpfeifengesicht. It s a colloquialism which translated means  a face that needs to be hit.  However, you don t need to be German to want to punch Ted Cruz in the face. While there hasn t been any formal polling on the question, I personally would feel safe wagering money on it being over 50 percent of America. But what does this all mean? Are we a nation of unreasonable bullies for wanting this?Doctor Richard Cytowic has taken some time to explain to America why they are not a nation of bad people for their burning desire to smash a knuckle sandwich into Ted Cruz s jaw. It turns out this is all a very natural and very scientific thing we are experiencing.While I would never actually suggest someone would do something like punch Ted Cruz in the face (I m not suggesting they don t either), the feeling that you want to means you are operating at a normal mental state   so just enjoy the feeling and embrace it within reason.Dr. Cytowic explained that humans learn to read facial expressions from the day they are born. It s one of our most rudimentary and instinctual means of communication. Our brains have had a million years of practice at reading facial expressions, generating an instant like or dislike of the person that they are attached to. To put it more simply, it s an evolutionary survival trait to determine friend from foe, and our brains are extremely good at it by now.With this in mind, it explains a lot about why practically everyone hates Ted Cruz. It isn t just his policy. There are oodles of idiot Republicans we could hate for that same reason. Ted brings out a more visceral and emotional reaction, unlike most others. Even among his fellow Republicans nobody likes him, and that says a lot.Dr. Cytowic goes on to describe how Cruz s facial expressions do not shift the way normal Human expression does. He has rarely observed a normal smile from Ted Cruz. In a normal smile the corners of the mouth go up, and the muscles circling the eyes contract making them narrow and forming crow s feet at the outside corners. When it comes to Ted, his mouth just tightens into a straight line, and on the rare occasion that it deviates from this, the corners bend downward.  The outside of his eyes bend downward as well, which is completely opposite of what is normal, as the eyebrows typically bend upwards.To put it simply, Ted Cruz has a look of disgust on his face that only gets worse when he tries to look happy and smile. It s like he is some kind of anti-politician, because you would think that someone who has his kind of fan base would naturally be able to express themselves more pleasantly. So remember, when you see Ted on TV and you want to throw something at the screen, it means you re ok because it s only natural.Featured image from Twitter ",0
8309," White Supremacist Trump Fans Are Calling People, Then Leaving This Message (VIDEO)","It has been well documented that Donald Trump s presidential campaign has been endorsed by multiple white supremacist groups. One of the groups supporting Trump is the American National Super PAC. A branch of the organization, the American Freedom Party, is directing a new robocalling effort to try and connect their message with voters. They called Iowans before their caucus, and they are now calling voters in New Hampshire.Here is the message people are hearing when they answer their phones: We don t need Muslims. We need smart, educated, white people. I am a farmer and white nationalist. Support Donald Trump. Here is a video that lets you hear the three different voices that have contributed to the message.https://www.facebook.com/cnnpolitics/videos/1068444389864060/?fref=nfOne of those voices is that of Jarod Taylor. Tayler is well known white supremacist leader. He is the editor of the white nationalist media outlet, AmRen. Taylor has ties to various white supremacist organizations and has been very vocal in his support for Trump. During a segment on CNN, Taylor attempted to justify his views, saying: Why would we want more Muslims? Muslims have been a terrible problem for Europe, and here they want to pray five times a day, stop the assembly line, they want foot baths before they go to prayer, they want women-only swimming pool hours, and some of them want to kill us! Why should anyone want more Muslims? Trump has denounced the endorsement by the group. That being said, it isn t surprising that hate groups have latched on to Trump s campaign. So far his campaign has been largely built by exploiting the anti-brown hatred held by many conservatives.The trend has been that as more GOP candidates drop out of the race, their followers flock to Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. So, it seems like Taylor and this group of racist friends may have backed the wrong horse to drive home their  white advocacy  agenda. Despite getting the media attention, Trump s stance on immigration is only nominally different that Iowa GOP caucus winner, Ted Cruz. Since the group s efforts appear to only be hurting Trump, let s hope the group decides to keep up their efforts, backing whoever eventually gets the nomination, in the general election.Featured image from video screenshot via Facebook",0
8310, Jeb Bush Confronted On Why He Wanted Rubio For VP In 2012 – Gives Worst Answer EVER (VIDEO),"Jeb Bush is campaigning against Marco Rubio   we all get that. When a person becomes your rival in a presidential contest, all the gloves come off. Yet   you d think the arguments presented would be somewhat in line with what that candidate s own thoughts were in the past. Not so in this case.Jeb Bush is trying to say Marco Rubio is  inexperienced,  but when confronted on why he recommended Senator Rubio to be Romney s Vice Presidential choice back in 2012, Bush became visibly flabbergasted.Here was the exchange between him and Fox News Bret Baier:Bret: Well, (Rubio) had enough experience that you recommended him for Vice President when Mitt Romney was looking.Jeb: Yeah, except he doesn t have the experience to make a tough decision.Bret: But, why recommend him for Vice President then if he didn t have the experience back then?Jeb: Because he would have earned it.What does that even mean? Look   it s obvious Jeb is trying to wiggle his way out of this one, and on that front he failed, big time.For some more context on this, here was what Jeb said back when Romney was still mulling over his options for VP: Look   he has more experience than Barack Obama had when he ran. And the practical experience   he s certainly got the intelligent acumen and fortitude to be a good president and I have a special place in my heart for him. It s hard to describe the pride I have for his incredible success and how he has moved in to the job of being a U.S. senator with humility, not trying to be an arrogant guy, to learn the trade if you will. And people in Washington really admire him. Those are some very kind words. Not only that, but Bush even went further in another interview with Newsmax in April of 2012, when he said Rubio was  probably the best choice  out of every potential candidate. For Bush to now try to play the experience card is just absurd. He picked the wrong battle to fight on this one. This is just another reason people don t trust anything politicians say.Featured image from video screen capture.",0
8311, Hyperventilating Christians Freak Out Over Ban On Prayer At Phoenix City Council Meetings (VIDEO),"The Satanic Temple just forced a total shutdown of all prayer at Phoenix City Council meetings, by requesting that they also be allowed to offer prayers at the start of meetings like their Christian counterparts.Phoenix lawmakers have been trying to figure out what to do regarding the request for weeks. They couldn t allow all prayer, because it would have meant they supported Satanists in some people s minds. They couldn t allow only Christian prayer, due to inevitable lawsuits, so ultimately they came to what shouldn t be   but is   a very controversial solution: Banning prayer completely from the meetings.Lawmakers decided in a 5-4 vote that council meetings will now begin with a moment of silence instead of a Christian prayer. The moment of silence is intended to allow individuals to pray to whatever god is their personal choice, and leaves it out of the public domain completely. This is a pretty reasonable solution, since there isn t to be any mingling of church and state. However, these are red state Christian extremists we are talking about. Their struggle is REAL.The objections have been emotional, loud and generally ignorant. Christians are pushing for their right to pray, but they don t seem to understand the fact they can t allow their prayers while banning others. The Phoenix council had an option of either allowing the alternate prayers, or banning them while facing a First Amendment-based lawsuit that is practically a guaranteed loss for them. They chose a third option of banning all prayer (the best option) completely. Now they are being threatened with even more lawsuits from Christians that want to insert religion into government   as long as it s only Christian religion.The blubbering outcry by the Christian extremists is almost comical. Councilman Sal DiCiccio said: This is what that Satanist group wants. A moment of silence is basically a banning of prayer. It s to agree to the Satanic goal to ban prayer. Yup, that s it alright. They just let The Devil win! Actually, the Founding Fathers had the crazy idea to ban religion from public governance, but hey, facts don t really matter when it comes to religion.There were a great deal of gasps and clutching of pearls, but somehow Phoenix was not consumed by the desert in a massive sandstorm by the wrath of God. Frogs have chosen to not fall from the sky and the firstborn of Arizona are currently safe from the angel of death. Funny isn t it, how Republicans claim America is a  Christian  nation, but the only ones who care about the Constitution are the atheists, agnostics, and Satanists these days.Watch Christian outcry on the victory of Satan over Freedom below:Featured image from video screen capture",0
8312, Watch Chris Christie Admit To Rachel Maddow’s Face That He’s Terrified Of Her (VIDEO),"Nothing shows a person s character more than their willingness to be properly interviewed. Because a proper and honest interview is going to yield proper and honest answers. This is something New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is apparently very nervous about doing, because he just told MSNBC host Rachel Maddow, to her face, that he won t go on her show.While at a Christie event, Maddow tries to grab the governor s attention, but he responded: Rachel, you beat the crap out of me for years, you expect me to voluntarily come on your program, come on. So she replied: Oh, come on  You love the back and forth And you know that he does, because he loves to argue. However, instead he admits he s absolutely terrified of the MSNBC host by saying: With a lot of people, maybe not with you. He s likely terrified of her because she doesn t let him get away with any of his asshole shenanigans that he loves to regularly display. Maddow holds him to facts and doesn t let him finagle himself away from what s being discussed. Between his hatred for Hillary Clinton, and his fear of Rachel Maddow, it seems powerful women make him very nervous. Good thing he ll never be president.Does he seem surprised? He was probably surprised. :) Watch tonight! pic.twitter.com/CHe5FBKzl6  Maddow Blog (@MaddowBlog) February 5, 2016Featured image: Twitter /Video: Twitter",0
8313, How Female Execs Are Striking Back At Pharma For Using Women As ‘Eye Candy’ (VIDEO),"Women in the biotech and pharmaceutical industries have had it with executives working with firms that truck in scantily clad women to populate cocktail parties being held at their industry conferences.And now those women are circulating a letter in order to get the men that head those firms to stop the practice, most recently seen at a healthcare conference held by mega-firm JP Morgan.The impetus for the letter, which was initiated by two women who have high profiles in the biopharma world, was yet  another cocktail party in which inappropriately clad women served as eye candy  during the week-long festivities surrounding the recent JP Morgan health care conference.The event, which is arguably the most important stomping ground for biopharma executives and investors, attracted some 9,000 people last month to San Francisco, where countless receptions and parties were held in hotels and restaurants dotting the city s Financial District.Kate Bingham, a managing partner at venture capital firm SV Life Sciences, and Karen Bernstein, whose company runs BioCentury, a news site, created the letter.In it they ask,  Are we still working with people who think of women as chattel? What compelling business rationale could there possibly be for that kind of entertainment? Perhaps anticipating sexist counterarguments or an attempt to escape blame, the letter notes,  It doesn t matter who, or what kind of company, organized these events. If biotech executives attend, they endorse them. That reflects not only on them as individuals, but on us as an industry. One company in particular, LifeSci Advisors, an investor relations firm, was called out in the letter for a party where  young, female models were brought in to escort the guests on buses  bound for the Exploratorium science and art museum in San Francisco. Once there, the models were also used  to mingle with the crowd. The letter also points out that the recent ROTH Conference had a promotional video that  flaunts its use of scantily clad female dancers, who appear alongside cool male rock stars and skateboarders, and images of professionally dressed businessmen. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8N_Xvla_5loThe industry in question, along with tech, already faces major criticism of its inability to include women and minorities in what is already one of the fastest growing fields in America and the world. Cocktail parties with female entertainment are something straight out of the 1960s male-dominated mad men point of view, and most likely serve as a major turn off for women who might think about pursuing a career.Data shows that businesses benefit from hiring women and minorities, so if we want to excel against the world, it might be smart to ditch the boy s club. Featured image from YouTube",0
8314, Republican Bill Would Force Girls To Submit To Genitalia Exam To Use Women’s Restroom,"If you didn t think Republicans could stoop any lower, think again.Because if they have their way, there will be a state law in Washington that will guarantee that even our private body parts no longer remain private.In their effort to persecute transgender people, Washington state Republicans have chosen to push legislation that would force everyone to show their genitalia before they are allowed to use a bathroom.According to Pink News,Senate bill 6548 would amend equality legislation to state:  Nothing in this chapter grants any right to a person to access a private facility segregated by gender, such as a bathroom, restroom, toilet, shower, locker room, or sauna, of a public or private entity if the person is preoperative, nonoperative, or otherwise has genitalia of a different gender from that for which the facility is segregated. And because the bill solely relies  on the presence of genitalia  to determine who can use which bathroom, it means girls and boys would have to show their vaginas and penises to whatever stranger is guarding the bathroom in order to be let in.Imagine going to a library, a theme park, a theater, a business, or even school and having to stand in line for the bathroom with the horrifying thought that some strange person is going to have to examine you below the belt to determine which bathroom you can use. It s sounds pretty damn embarrassing, not to mention cruel.But this is the strategy Republicans have come up with to discriminate against transgender people.The same kind of perverted legislation has already been proposed in VirginiaThat bill was strongly blasted by civil rights advocate Tim Peacock: This is what the conservative movement has devolved into: forcing children to allow adults to examine their genitals out of misplaced fear that transgender kids and adults might commit a hypothetical never-before-seen act of violence or sexual aggression (that would still be against the law with or without transgender protections). Human Rights Campaign spokesperson Sarah Warbelow called the Washington bill urged people to demand that the bill be killed. We urge all fair-minded people across the state to demand their lawmakers immediately stop these offensive assaults on fairness and equality, and we call on the Senate to vote down these dangerous measures if they come to a vote on the floor. Republicans might as well announce to pedophiles everywhere that this is their chance to legally examine the private parts of children, because that s what this bill basically does. An adult would be required to look at the private parts of children to determine which bathroom they can use so that a transgender child doesn t use what conservatives claim is the wrong bathroom.It s not hard to see that if this bill passes the lawsuits are going to pile up and clog our judicial system even more than it already is. It s also not hard to see that this is a conservative dream come true, and it s a sick dream at that.Featured Image: Pixabay",0
8315, Former Classmates Slam Ted Cruz: He’s About As Telegenic As An Undertaker,"Ted Cruz may have won Iowa but that doesn t make people hate him any less.The Texas Tea Party Senator is so universally despised that even moderate Republicans and Fox News can t stand him.Ever since being sworn in as a Senator, Cruz has shut down the government and attempted to shut it down on multiple other occasions. He has single-handedly blocked legislation that even his fellow Republican colleagues support and has told lie after lie to the media and the American people in order to position himself as some kind of savior.Just this past Sunday, Cruz was called out by Fox News for telling lies about Obamacare. That s how much Ted Cruz is hated. Conservative media is actually starting to defend Obamacare against his lies.And that s why it isn t very hard to find someone who hates Ted Cruz. It s especially not very hard to find a former Princeton classmate of Ted Cruz who also hates him.While searching for classmates to corroborate a rumor about Ted Cruz, Jezebel heard from several of them, many of which didn t fondly remember their fellow alum.According to Jezebel s Ellie Shechet,Many Princeton alums I interviewed, speaking under conditions of anonymity, had harsh words for their former classmate. One such person, who studied with Cruz at Princeton s Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs and asked not to be named in this story, referred to him as a  monster geek  who was  constantly dominating the conversation in order to get the attention of the professor.  She reported having such intense feelings of dislike towards Cruz during a public policy conference their junior year that  I had a complete allergy towards the [law] profession when it was over. I was stunned that he would be the one that ended up [running for] president out of our class,  she added,  because he s about as telegenic as an undertaker. Leonard Nalencz, who didn t mind not being anonymous, shared that,  Everyone in my class that I ve talked to is horrified that he s a candidate. Ouch. That has to sting.But you re not alone, Leonard. Most people are genuinely horrified that Ted Cruz is a candidate.After all, we re talking about a man who denies science. A guy who palled around with Sarah Palin for a time until she ditched him for Donald Trump. A guy who urged House Republicans to let America default on the debt, a move that would have crashed the economy. A guy whose supporters long more for him to crown himself king rather than be a president.Let s just hope Cruz only gets as far as being a candidate. Because anything more would be a disaster for this country.Featured Image: Nation of Change",0
8316," Girl Tells Ted Cruz She’s Gay .02 Seconds Before Taking This Photo, His Reaction Is Priceless","You know when you re told to smile for a photo but the person next you just let one rip? Well, that s pretty much the expression on Ted Cruz s face right after being told by a person taking a photo with him that she is gay.This new Wonder Woman was able to snag a photo with Cruz at one of his events and clearly took the anti-gay Republican Texas senator completely off guard, and it is spectacular.According to Pride.com: At a Ted event, a young queer hero approached him, and said,  I am gay.  Flash forward to .02 seconds later, she took a selfie with Mr. Cruz, where he looks frozen in his awkward and uncomfortable face via pride.comHe looks as though he is literally about to catch gay cooties. And her face is absolutely amazing. It reads,  Yeah, I just punked you, you bigoted jerkface. As you may or may not be aware, Cruz is steadfast in his hatred of all things gay. Not only is he against marriage equality and the protection of LGBT citizens from discrimination, but he even hates Pride parades. What kind of monster hates a joyous parade? Apparently the guy who looks like the ignorant fool in this picture next to a new brand of American hero.Kudos to this young woman who was courageous enough to come out to Cruz s face and then be even braver to snap the photo less than a second later. It may be the best thing seen from this entire election season yet.Featured image: Gage Skidmore (flickr)",0
8317, Paul Ryan Quotes Mel Gibson In A Desperate Attempt To Not Be The Next John Boehner,"Paul Ryan is learning quickly that John Boehner had good reason to cry all the time. The Speaker of the House of Representatives is the leader of his or her party. The third most powerful person in the free world. Speakers enjoy visibility and influence above and beyond any other representative in the chamber.That s how it used to be, anyway, when the speaker was a position respected by their own party. From the days of Tip O Neil and Tom Foley to Dennis Hastert and even Newt Gingrich, the Speaker of the House commanded respect.Unfortunately for Republicans, their base began to die off and they needed to replenish, so they decided to go ahead and back the super-zealots of the Tea Party, who have now morphed into the  Freedom Caucus,  and things will never be the same. There have always been fringe-right congressmen and women. Michele Bachmann wasn t the first complete moron to deny science on the house floor, but she was one of the first to be counted among dozens who have actually come together to mold the Republican party platform into something even more conservative and stubborn than we re all used to.They pushed John Boehner right out of office and back to Ohio. They held the seat hostage until they found someone they could agree would do as much damage as possible. They grudgingly allowed Ryan to be elected, lest Nancy Pelosi steal the seat out from under the party, but promised that the honeymoon wouldn t last long.So far it s been easy for Ryan. Everything coming down the pike has been party-line and cut-and-dry. All of that will change when the budget process comes around again and the deal struck last year to pass the omnibus package has to stay glued together. The last thing Ryan and the Republicans want is for the Democrats to be able to point at them and laugh, yet again, because they couldn t be bothered to put aside their internal differences and govern. To quote William Wallace in Braveheart,  Paul Ryan said on Wednesday morning,  we have to unite the clans.  It was the single sound bite he released to the press before a meeting of congressional conservatives. Uniting the clans, as he is finding out, is going to take a lot more than condescending looks towards the President during State of the Union addresses.He was fresh out of a meeting just half a day earlier that the Huffington Post said  did not go well  with those Freedom Caucus members whose entire purpose in Washington is to return the United States to 1789 and force a do-over, with the several states ruling themselves and the Federal government being a non-existent figure-head good for dinners with world leaders and state funerals.Ryan probably expected a long run when he accepted the job as speaker. If he can t gain control of his own party, he may be looking for a new job sooner than later.Featured Image by Gage Skidmore ",0
8318, Donald Trump Let Fly With The F-Word During A New Hampshire Stump Speech (VIDEO),"It was only a matter of time before this happened. The very first instance of an American presidential candidate in the modern age dropping the f-bomb during a stump speech occurred this week. And, naturally, it was Donald Trump who broke through the taboo then backed over it just to make sure it s dead.Indeed, Trump let fly with the f-word on Friday during one of his stream-of-consciousness rants that pass for stump speeches. And, frankly, I don t know whether to scowl or cheer. In spite of Trump s general awfulness, I m leaning  cheer. We re gonna bring businesses back. We re gonna have businesses that used to be in New Hampshire, that are now in Mexico, come back to New Hampshire, and you can tell them to go f*ck themselves! Because they let you down, and they left![youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kr-_Nwi2FyY&w=560&h=315]Yes, let s tell corporations that send jobs to places like Mexico and China to go f*ck themselves. You know, corporations like Trump s.There s something particularly exciting when  f*ck  becomes demystified. It should be. It s just a word. We can t say it on non-pay cable or on the radio   or on websites because advertisers don t like it   but we can show unspeakable scenes of violence and other horrors all the time. There s something perverse and unjust about that. So, in that regard, Trump can feel free to let the expletives fly. But if he s elected, I wonder if his FCC appointees will be equally lenient. On the other hand, Trump s use of  f*ck  is another step away from presidential decorum on the Republican side, and one step closer to amateur-hour composed of reality show hacks running for the highest office in the land. I m honestly torn.For the record, Trump has said  f*ck  in public before, but not during a presidential stump speech.Featured image via video screen grab.",0
8319, Cruz’s Latest Shameful Fundraising Scam Is So Absurdly Illegal It’s Like He Wants To Be Caught,"To compete with his frenemy Donald Trump, Texas Senator Ted Cruz has hit upon an old, if dubious, campaign strategy: Lie, cheat, and steal his way to victory.In what is becoming a pattern with the Tea Party conservative, Cruz has yet again sent election officials scrambling to their rulebooks.Desperate for money to fund his campaign, Cruz told supporters that a group of super-secret  mega-donors  had personally promised him that they would match ALL of Ted s donations dollar-for-dollar within the next 48 hours. Cruz begged for people to join on this campaign buy one, get one.I just got off the phone with a few very generous supporters who   after our big win in Iowa last night   have pledged huge support for my campaign.For the next 48 hours, these most generous supporters have agreed to match all online donations to my campaign made through the link below.If that sounds like a scam you might find floating between your most gullible Facebook friends, that s because it just might be.The problem, as The Intercept was quick to point out, was that either Cruz is lying or breaking the law. Pick your poison, Ted.Campaign finance experts, however, say there s no way Cruz could be doing exactly what he promised without violating the law. That s because there s no way  a few very generous supporters  could legally be matching a large number of contributions to the campaign.The operative rule is that individual donations to campaigns are legally capped.  If this money is going to his campaign, any one of those donors can only give a maximum of $2,700 [per cycle] including any money they have given before,  said Fred Wertheimer, a campaign finance expert at Democracy 21.In other words, rich donors and poor donors can only donate up to a certain amount. So what s a mega-donor to do? That s where Super PACs come in. But here s the thing: Cruz can t coordinate with his Super PACS without breaking the law. So how can he be instructing his rich friends to match his campaign contributions?The other option, of course, is that Ted Cruz is lying. There are no super-secret mega-donors. Cruz just wants to get people running for their checkbooks. This is a pretty strong possibility because blatantly spreading falsehoods is absolutely in Cruz s wheelhouse.Cruz has been fairly open about running a dishonest campaign from the very beginning. Already reviled by Democrats and Republicans alike, the only way he has managed to get a leg up has been through deceit and pandering. In Iowa, Cruz s propensity for sliminess came to a head when his campaign sent out fliers telling voters they had committed  Voting Violations  and   on the night of the caucus   maliciously spreading false rumors that Ben Carson, one of Cruz s biggest rivals, had suddenly dropped out.Is it so hard to imagine that Cruz would lie to the very people who support him in order to trick them into giving him more money? Sadly, it s completely believable.Feature image via Flickr",0
8320, You Won’t Believe What Hit This Pro-TPP Politician In The Face (VIDEO),"George W. Bush was famously attacked with flying shoes. So was Hillary Clinton. William Kristol was hit in the face with a cream pie. Last month, Donald Trump barely escaped being hit with tomatoes.The takeaway? American projectiles are lame.In order to see how it s really done, we have to travel by video to New Zealand where Minister Steven Joyce was hit in the face this week with a flying rubber dildo hurled by a protester. Joyce is a conservative member of the island nation s House of Representatives who supports the infamous trade agreement known as  TPP    the Trans-Pacific Partnership.The unknown dildo-tossing protester was arrested by law enforcement.Joyce was holding a press conference in Waitingi on the North Island during which he was discussing the benefits of the TPP. That s when the dildo smacked point-blank in Joyce s face.After being hit, Joyce said astutely,  It would be unfortunate for being known for this incident.  As the New York Post quipped: too late.Of course, I stand by my position that assaulting public officials with projectiles or blood-red paint or, for that matter, sex toys is bad form and only serves to underscore how the respective protesters are clearly incapable of verbally expressing their dissatisfaction. Which case, they probably should seek out other hobbies because activism isn t their bag. But, I will admit, seeing a stuffy conservative politician get hit in the face with a flying penis is never not funny.Now that I m really thinking about it, part of me wishes this had been Ted Cruz? If there s one man in the United States who s in desperate need of being hit in the face with a giant rubber dick, it s Ted Cruz. Best case: Cruz getting hit in the face with a penis while he s doing his awful misquoted JFK impression. (I m joking of course. Hitting Ted Cruz in the face with a penis is wrong and illegal.)Featured image via video screen grab NY Post",0
8321," Woman Gatecrashes Own Funeral, To Great Surprise Of Husband Who Hired Hitmen To Kill Her (VIDEO)","This should be a headline in The Onion. But sadly, this story isn t fiction or satire   it actually happened.Mourners at the funeral of Noela Rukundo had the shock of their lives when the ceremony was gatecrashed by none of other than the presumed deceased. But no one was more stunned than her husband, Balenga Kalala, who believed he d gotten away with her murder.Five days before, Burundi-born Noela had left the home in Melbourne, Australia that she shared with her husband to attend the funeral of her step mother in her native country. She had no idea that Kalala had paid a gang of gunmen to make sure she never made it back to Melbourne alive.After hiring the gunmen, Kalala even played a major part in placing his wife in their sights. As the BBC reports:By early evening Noela had retreated to her hotel room. As she lay dozing in the stifling city heat of Bujumbura, her phone rang. It was a call from Australia   from Balenga Kalala, her husband and father to her three youngest children. He says he d been trying to get me for the whole day,  Noela says.  I said I was going to bed. He told me,  To bed? Why are you sleeping so early? I say,  I m not feeling happy . And he asks me,  How s the weather? Is it very, very hot?  He told me to go outside for fresh air. Noela took his advice. I didn t think anything. I just thought that he cared about me, that he was worried about me. But moments after stepping outside the hotel compound, Noela found herself in danger. I opened the gate and I saw a man coming towards me. Then he pointed the gun on me.She was thrown into a car, seated between two gunmen, a hood was placed over her head and face, and she was driven away at speed. After some time, the car stopped and the men began to ask her what she had done to make her husband furious enough to kill her. She refused to believe that her husband was behind the plot, so they called him and put him on loudspeaker. When they asked Kalala what to do with his wife, he answered simply: Kill her. Noela s life flashed before her. She had fallen in live with Kalala when he arrived in Australia as a refugee from the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 2004. He had taken on her five children from a previous relationship, and the pair had since had three children of their own. Yet now, he was killing her?Just as Noela was coming to the conclusion that her life was over, the hitmen told her they would not kill her.Instead, they would extort more money from her husband, telling him their price had gone up   while giving her time to flee the country back to Australia. Noela says the gang told her: We give you 80 hours to leave this country,' Your husband is serious. Maybe we can spare your life, but other people, they re not going to do the same thing. If God helps you, you ll get to Australia.' And so it was that five days later, Kalala got the shock of his life. When Noela returned home, she found her husband receiving a steady stream of mourners at their home. She waited for the last to leave, and then approached her husband. When I get out of the car, he saw me straight away. He put his hands on his head and said,  Is it my eyes? Is it a ghost?' She replied: Surprise! I m still alive! Kalala was arrested, charged and eventually convicted of attempting to murder his wife. He was sentenced to nine years in prison.That same year, 63 other Australian women were not so lucky. Their male partners were successful in their plans to kill them. In the U.S., more than 1,400 women a year are killed by men they know, most commonly a current or former male partner. By contrast, women kill around 30 men a year. There is most definitely a gender component to this violence. This is an issue we must address, not only as a nation, but as a species.Thank goodness, in the case of Noela, that her assassins turned out to be her saviors. Featured image from YouTube Screengrab",0
8322," WATCH: Obama Celebrates Jobs Win, Drops Truth Bomb That Will Make GOP Squeal (IMAGE)","In January of 2016, the U.S. economy added 151,000 jobs, and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.9%, the lowest it has been since February of 2008 as America dealt with the repercussions of the job-killing Bush Recession.Revisions also showed that 2015 was even better for jobs than initial reports had indicated.In terms of the revisions, today s report is the once-a-year report that revises every month from the previous calendar year. On this front, the news is also good: we previously believed the U.S. economy created 2.65 million jobs in 2015, but the new, final tally is 2.74 million.January was the 64th consecutive month of positive job growth   the best stretch since 1939   and the 71st consecutive month in which we ve seen private-sector job growth, which is the longest on record.President Obama took the opportunity of the successful jobs report to make an appearance before reporters today, and noted that  We should feel good about the progress we ve made  and that the U.S. economy is the  strongest in the world,  while at the same time  Americans were working and getting bigger paychecks. He also dinged  Republicans, who have opposed the economic reforms proposed during his administration, and in fact have tried their best to slow down the recovery. Obama noted that the positive figures are  Inconvenient for Republican stump speeches as their doom and despair tour plays in New Hampshire. I guess you cannot please everybody. He also pointed out that the right has not offered anything beyond rhetoric. Those who are running down the economy and adding to the anxiety don t seem to have any plausible, coherent recipe other than cut taxes for those who have been doing the very best in this economy and somehow magically, that s gonna make other folks feel good,  Obama said.  Or, alternatively they argue the reason you re feeling insecure is because immigrants, or poor people are taking more and more of your paycheck and that is just not true. The facts don t bear that out. MSNBC s Steve Benen released a chart showing the comparison between Obama s record on jobs and the situation he encountered when taking over for Bush. It gives an excellent picture of how far the economy has come, and a warning about what could be lost.US Unemployment: Bush vs ObamaFeatured image via YouTube",0
8323, All Ammosexual Hell Breaks Loose On Twitter Because One Woman Dared To Make This Statement (TWEET),"When comedian Alison Leiby tweeted a pretty cute, common sense joke in December, she had no idea how violent the repercussions would be. Conservative extremists have been sending her threats of rape and death every since.On December 16 2015, Leiby tweeted her 10,000 followers a fairly straightforward gag:As a woman, I just hope that one day I have as many rights as a gun does.  Alison Leiby (@AlisonLeiby) December 17, 2015Leiby describes what happened next in a piece for Medium:Somewhere along the way an account with a large and conservative following retweeted it, an action that flooded my notifications page with people calling me  stupid  or a  moron  or, one of my personal favorites, a  retarded liberal.  Fine.Last Monday evening, however, the replies went from annoying and insulting to violent and threatening. Men were replying to me and taking my joke to a horrific, new place. Some said they wanted to ban me from public places and silence me. Others said they wanted to lock me in their closet when they re done with me. A few choice gentlemen suggested I, like their gun, have a  rough brush clean my holes. She is not exaggerating the backlash. Even by the darkest depths of Twitter standards, it makes truly grim reading. We won t give the losers the honor of the airtime here but you can check out the twitter conversation for yourself by clicking on the original tweet above.Obviously, this reaction is hyper-hypocritical from people who present the case for their guns as a freedom and liberty issue. If they want the right to bear arms, doesn t Leiby have the right to free speech? It s not like they have to read what she writes. They made a choice to read it. As she points out, If you don t like the taste of fish, you wouldn t go to a restaurant, order the trout, and then call the chef a stupid bitch for serving it to you. So why do people do it on the Internet? Misogyny is not a joke. It is not some hobby horse that  angry women  ride around to piss men off. It killed 18,000American women in the last 12 years. This means that more women have been killed at the hands of their husbands and boyfriends since 9/11, than Americans died during 9/11, and in all terror attacks and wars since.In a 2005 study, yet to be repeated, a leading cause of death among pregnant American woman was homicide by their male partner or ex. Only pregnancy-related complications ranked higher.This is a crisis. A crisis which Leiby came at from about the least offensive, lightest way possible. Yet she faced the united, violent reaction of the very same men who likely commit and defend these crimes. Their intention? To stop women from raising these issues in the public space. So we need to keep raising these issues, defiantly and relentlessly, until the day they are consigned to the dustbin of history   which is the only place they belong. Featured image from Twitter",0
8324, ‘Make Rape Legal’ Blogger Whines To Cops From Mommy’s House Over Alleged Threats,"Daryush Valizadeh, a  neo-masculinist  movement leader and blogger who tried to hold events around the nation and world for like-minded men this coming Saturday is running scared. First, he announced that he could not guarantee the  safety and privacy  of other misogynist douchebags at his  Return of Kings  meet-ups, so he announced that this  International Tribal Day  would be cancelled, as would all future events. The internet, politicians, and various other organizations and public figures rightly condemned the gatherings organized by a man whose misogynistic writings include calls to make rape legal.Now, Roosh V., as he is known, is alleging that he is being threatened. Like most bottom-feeding lowlifes, it appears that this loser lives in his mommy s house, despite being a grown man who has been quite successful at peddling his anti-woman garbage under the guise of being a  pick up artist.  He contacted authorities after the cancellation of the worldwide meet-up events, and told police that at least one threat said, We will kill you if you come to our city. Now, death threats serve no purpose, and they are illegal. No one should be sending him or anyone else threats, though the urge is certainly more than understandable in this particular case. What he expected to happen, exactly, when he decided to organize events steeped in dangerous ant-woman teachings, I ve no idea. Of course any reasonable person would be disgusted and outraged at the prospect of such people gather in their cities and neighborhoods.One organization that had planned to protest the New York City meeting of Roosh V s event said that while they are glad that the horrific meeting was cancelled, their work is far from done: They took to their Facebook event page to say the following: We showed the entire MRA, PUA and neo-masculine movements that they are not welcome, and should we see them in person, they ll never forget the experience (to put it politely). But we are vehemently of the opinion that we shouldn t just pat ourselves on the back and call it a day. No, rape culture still permeates our society, and we re f*cking tired of it! Any reasonable person realizes that  Men s Rights Activists,   Pick-Up Artists,  and  neo-masculinists  are all the result of rampant misogyny and rape culture. These people are despicable, and need to go the way of the dinosaur, along with the rape culture that created them in the first place.Featured image from screen capture from Raw Story",0
8325," Lying Liar Behind ‘Baby Parts’ Videos Rejects Plea Deal, Demands Apology (VIDEO)","David Daleidan, the ringleader for the deceptively named Center for Medical Progress, is foolishly rejecting a plea deal after being indicted by a Texas grand jury for the illegal activities he took part in to create the infamous  baby parts  videos used in an attempt to discredit and destroy Planned Parenthood. Daleidan surrendered to police on Thursday, and held a press conference in which he held steadfast to his stance that the beloved women s health organization is some kind of grotesque baby part mill. As he spoke to the huge crowd by the courthouse, Daleidan told them: I think we all know that every day that goes by that the Texas authorities do not prosecute Planned Parenthood for their illegal trade in baby parts, they are sending a message to the entire country. The state of Texas right now is open for business in baby body parts. Daleidan s attorneys spoke to the media, insisting that their client would not be making any kind of plea deal with prosecutors, even though he would get no jail time, only probation. They went on to have the gall to actually put Daleidan s  work  on par with that of people from 60 Minutes. If we re going to be prosecuting undercover journalists, we are sending ourselves down a very, very dark path. This is fully in the tradition, a long storied tradition, of undercover journalism. Well, real investigative journalists don t doctor videos, and real journalists don t break the law, which Daleiden and his organization of rabidly anti-choice zealots did repeatedly. That was when the lawyer actually had the nerve to demand that Daleiden receive an apology for being charged in the first place: What we want is an apology. He deserves an apology at this point. He is innocent of those charges. No, what he deserves is a jail cell, and hopefully at the end of his trial, that is exactly what he gets.Watch the video below:Featured image from video screen capture via Raw Story",0
8326, What Trump Just Said About The LGBT Community Will Make Conservatives Go Crazy (VIDEO),"In a stunning reversal, Donald Trump said that he will strengthen the rights of the LGBT community and bring people together. His new stance comes just days after he said that as president, he would   strongly consider  overturning Obergefell vs Hodges, the Supreme Court decision that found that same-sex couples have a legal and constitutional right to marry. I m a lesbian, we ve had some great progress for the gay and lesbian community,  NECN reporter  Sue O Connell told Trump. When President Trump is in office, can we look for more forward motion on equality for gays and lesbians?  Here is Trump s response: Well, you can. We re going to bring people together, and that s your thing, and other people have their thing. We have to bring all people together and if we don t we re not going to have a country anymore. Now that s one big flip-flop because in addition to Trump saying he would appoint judges to overturn Obergefell vs Hodges, he has stated in the past  time and time again that he only supports marriage between a man and a woman. He has said: I m not in favor of gay marriage. I don t feel right about marriage equality. Trump has even gone as far as to compare same-sex relationships to choosing the wrong kind of golf putter! He said:  It s like in golf. A lot of people   I don t want this to sound trivial   but a lot of people are switching to these really long putters, very unattractive. It s weird. You see these great players with these really long putters, because they can t sink three-footers anymore. And, I hate it. I am a traditionalist. I have so many fabulous friends who happen to be gay, but I am a traditionalist. In trying to rationalize the irrational, it s most likely that Trump is pandering to New Hampshire voters for the primary, 67% of whom support gay marriage. Whatever his reasoning, his  new position is going to upset his bigoted right-wing conservative following.Featured image via video screen capture ",0
8327, Voter Confronts Trump: How Could My Daughters ‘Look Up To President Trump As A Role Model?’ (VIDEO),"Yesterday, Republican presidential front runner Donald Trump got an unexpected question from a voter during a New Hampshire town hall on CNN.The man confronting Trump was Joseph Manzoli, who described himself as a father with three daughters. Manzoli asked Trump what every self-respecting parent in America should be asking themselves: what kind of role model would the next president be for my children? Manzoli asked: I have three wonderful daughters at home. And I want nothing more for them than to look as their president as a role model. Throughout the course of this campaign, you ve said some disparaging comments about women, about people from other countries, other religions, and about everybody who s disagreed with you. Explain to me how I can look at my daughters and have them look up to President Trump as a role model. You can see how Trump answered below:Trump joked and asked if CNN had put Manzoli up to asking such a question before trying to convince his audience that he had loads of respect for women and had employed a staggering number of female executives. He said: Nobody has more respect for women than I do. Thirty years ago, I had a woman building a major, major construction job in New York City. And that never happens. That just didn t happen.   I have so many women executives. I have been great to women. And women have been great to me. They ve done a great job. Trump clearly forgot to mention his infamous long-standing, one-sided feud with Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly, his appalling comments about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, as well as his long history of misogynistic behavior toward women. He also failed to tell this concerned father that sexism is just as alive in the background of his campaign as it is in his interviews and speeches! According to a former staffer, Trump s only paying his female staffers HALF of what his male employees are making for the same job. What a role model!Trump was just as insincere when he addressed his own comments about minorities like immigrants and Muslims. In defending the extremely racist and offensive things he s said about immigrants, Trump answered: I do bring up things that people don t want to bring up. I talk about immigration   stronger than anybody else. I talk about building a wall. If you look at New Hampshire, you have a tremendous heroin problem. It s coming from the border! And then he had the nerve to claim that tons of people were  agreeing with  his proposal to ban all Muslims from coming in the United States. When I brought up the Muslim problem. You know, it s very interesting. I brought that problem up and all of a sudden, the world started going wild. And now the world is agreeing with me. We have to do something. There is a serious problem. If Trump is going to be the next role model for our younger generations, America is in deep trouble. Featured image from video screenshot",0
8328, Someone Added Up The Money The Rich Have In Offshore Accounts — Prepare To Vomit,"You ve heard about those offshore accounts the wealthy use as tax shelters, right? The Cayman Islands, Switzerland, the Bank of Evil from Despicable Me The super-rich have been funneling their assets away from their respective countries and into these havens for decades, avoiding paying their fair share while the middle and working class watch recessions happen and markets crash, powerless to save even their retirement funds.While it s impossible to know exactly to the dime how much money the greedy feel they need to hide, a study was conducted by James Henry, former chief economist at the consultancy McKinsey and a leading authority on tax havens and offshoring. It was commissioned by Tax Justice Network, a British activist group.Buckle up, you re about to hit a wall of  are you f*cking kidding me?!? According to the study, one-thousandth of the world s population are hiding $21 trillion from being taxed, an amount equal to the gross domestic product of the United States and Japan combined. Those numbers have almost certainly increased, as the study was performed in 2012. Henry estimated that if the sum of those accounts earned a simple 3 percent interest rate, they are saving the wealthy nearly $200 billion per year in taxes just on that interest income.What s more disturbing is that the cash itself is enough to rid the world of debt. The problem here is that the assets of these countries are held by a small number of wealthy individuals while the debts are shouldered by the ordinary people of these countries through their governments,  said the report. 92,000 people hold the bulk of the wealth for all 7.4 billion of us, and they aren t going to be sharing anytime soon.Their wealth is, as Henry states,  protected by a highly paid, industrious bevy of professional enablers in the private banking, legal, accounting and investment industries taking advantage of the increasingly borderless, frictionless global economy. Featured image from Tumblr",0
8329, WATCH: Chicago Teacher’s Union Takes Over The Streets To Save Their School System (TWEETS),"Thousands of people marched through downtown Chicago on Thursday night. The rally was held by the Chicago Teacher s Union. They, along with other groups who stood in solidarity with the union, were demonstrating against the budget cuts, lay-offs, and more.#CTU takes the street #brokeonpurpose pic.twitter.com/gfj4Buqt0K  Aaron Cynic (@aaroncynic) February 4, 2016 @ctuLocal1 #FairContractNow rally through #Chicago loop. #CTU #CPS #reportage #journalism pic.twitter.com/5sX0qdWVn3  Chris Riha (@TalentedMrRiha) February 5, 2016A major target for the CTU was Bank of America. They claim that BOA and the Chicago Public School system made a number of unwise financial investments that the teachers and students have been deeply hurt by. WGN reports:  CPS says it needs the bond money for existing debt payments to cover construction and repair projects.This all comes after the union rejected a contract proposal that would have required members to pay more toward their pension and health care.The district then announced it would slash $75 million from school budgets.According to a Chicago Tribune poll, three times as many Chicagoans side with the teacher s union versus Mayor Rahm Emanuel on how to improve public schools.The survey also found that Emanuel s approval rating on education has fallen to a record low as it has with his overall job performance and handling of crime in the city. #CTU #faircontractnow Sit in started at Bank of America building   Photos from inside @Sarah4Justice @CTULocal1 pic.twitter.com/LFxm8rP4wm  Bill Chambers (@Chgofenian) February 4, 2016Protesters filled the streets, causing traffic on the Loop to slow to a crawl. Many of the protesters carried signs that lobbed attacks at Chicago s mayor, Rahm Emanuel.The CTU released a statement, saying: Our goal remains the same: reaching an agreement that protects our children while treating teachers fairly. We know our work is not finished, and we are committed to building a mutually respectful relationship with the CTU and working at the bargaining table around the clock so Chicago children can remain in the classroom. In the meantime, because of our dire financial circumstances, we must proceed forward with painful cuts in the absence of an agreement. We are hopeful we can rescind these cuts by swiftly reaching an agreement. It looks like the Emanuel administration will be embroiled in just as much controversy this year as it was in 2015. Last year, The Nation released an editorial, calling for Emanuel to resign. Among Emanuel s numerous sins, is his terrible track record with educators. Particularly with the teacher s union.#CTU marches against #Rahm pic.twitter.com/CbTxRRf5s0  Joe Iosbaker (@iosbakerjoe) February 4, 2016Emanuel also garnered national attention over allegations that his administration took part in a cover up to prevent video footage that shows the death Laqaun McDonald, who was shot sixteen times by a Chicago police officer.  So far, there has been evidence released that shows that the mayor s office was in working in coordination with the CPD.Featured image from video screenshot via WGN",0
8330, WATCH The Weird Ad George W. Bush Made For His Little Brother Jeb,"The people supporting Jeb Bush s quest for the presidency have invested millions in a candidate who has so far failed to inspire support from Republican voters, and has in fact continued to collapse in poll after poll resulting in a 6th place finish in the Iowa caucus with a measly 2.8% of the vote   behind Ben Carson and Rand Paul, who has now dropped out of the race.But when you ve wasted that much money, there s probably a temptation to salvage something, anything. So the geniuses at Right to Rise, the super PAC that Bush himself raised funds for and directed right-wing millionaires to pour their funds into, has released a new ad featuring the most infamous Bush ever: George W. Bush.In the ad, Bush touts his younger brother. And that s where the ad gets extremely bizarre. George, who lost more Americans to terrorism than any other president in American history, describes Jeb as the right person to  protect America. After touting Jeb s  heart  and  strong backbone,  he says Jeb will  unite our country.  Of course, during his presidency George W. Bush pioneered new techniques in dividing the country, particularly on the topic of a war of choice in Iraq he used as a political weapon   describing those opposed to the war as allies of terrorists, and directing his underlings like Karl Rove to insinuate that Democrats were soft on terrorism   despite his administration s failure to kill or capture Osama bin Laden.The elder Bush also claims that his brother  knows how to bring the world together  against terrorism   but what sort of standing does Bush have on that type of diplomacy? He failed to unite the world in support of invading Iraq, and in the wake of that failure chose to commit Americans to a war that would eventually kill 4,491 members of the U.S. armed services and thousands more Iraqis.George W. Bush even reminds people about how his administration crossed the moral threshold and utilized torture, claiming that Jeb Bush knows when  tough measures  must be taken. That kind of talk might help among Republicans, but it also reminds people of the abdication of moral leadership that happened on Bush s watch.It is highly unlikely that Jeb Bush will become the Republican Party s nominee. He has been exposed as a poor campaigner who let a playground bully like Donald Trump pull his pants down in front of the entire world without ever really fighting back.And now his big brother has come barreling into the election after sitting on the sidelines since his failed presidency, reminding everyone   left and right   just why it is the country moved on from the Bush clan.Featured image via YouTube",0
8331, President Obama Stuns Oil Companies With Crushing Proposal (VIDEO),"President Obama just announced another major shakeup in the last year of his presidency, and the oil companies aren t liking it   that much is for sure. On Thursday, Obama revealed his plan to place a $10 fee on every single barrel of oil produced in the country. Considering the current U.S. crude trading price of $31.72 a gallon, that s a pretty hefty tax.Also   this appears to be a death tax to oil entirely. And, it could make life for the oil companies unbearable. Remember   just one year ago, oil was going for nearly twice as much as what it is now. While in the midterm oil will fluctuate up and down, over time it s trajectory has been going downward. Who knows what the price of oil will be when the tax proposal goes through, if ever?While Republicans still control a majority of Congress and refuse to take up the proposal, Obama s declaration to get rid of oil has already had its impact on the markets. It didn t even take one day and already oil is down 2 percent after the announcement.Keep in mind, Russia and Iran   two major countries that Republicans say are our bitter enemies   well   their entire economies rely heavily on oil. When oil does bad, so do their pockets. Divesting ourselves from oil is a national security concern. If anything, Republicans are hurting our national security from this viewpoint.The idea is not just to penalize oil companies and Republicans (that s wishful thinking) though, the real issue here is thinking about the future of America s energy and what s in the country s best interest. Green energy is; carbon isn t.Here s what Obama plans to do with the money raised from the new tax:-Invest $20 billion to reduce traffic and improve commuting. Think about that   that s more funding than the EPA and Interior Department combined. A lot of this money will go towards alternative transportation options. Think about the Hyperloop being constructed between Los Angeles and San Francisco by billionaire Elon Musk. It s supposed to completely alter our thinking about traveling long distances entirely. And   it s 100% green. That s what this country needs.-Invest $10 billion into state and local transportation and climate programs.-Put $2 billion into research for clean vehicles and aircraft.The White House sees this as the first step in an ambitious new plan for the 21st Century of clean transportation: By placing a fee on oil, the president s plan creates a clear incentive for private-sector innovation to reduce our reliance on oil and at the same time invests in clean energy technologies that will power our future. Former Governor Ed Rendell of Pennsylvania is calling Obama s plan the boldest transportation blueprint since Eisenhower. Considering many think Eisenhower is the last great Republican president to take the oath of office, that s quite the compliment. Since then we ve just been bumping along, doing short-term fixes, and I give them a lot of credit for laying out this kind of long-term investment. I also give them credit for having the guts to say how they would pay for it all. That s very unusual in this area. While it may not pass muster in Congress, that s not what matters here. This proposal is a vision for the future of the country. And, it makes sense. The only thing that s going to get something like this implemented in Congress is voters going to the polls and voting overwhelmingly to fire Republicans on the Hill, as well as seeing to it that a Democrat is sworn in as president. Only then will people be able to follow through on this future vision of change for our country. And, in the meantime, it is kind of fun pissing the oil companies and Republicans off by talking about it.Featured image from Public Domain Files",0
8332, Ted Cruz Attacks Sean Penn For ‘Glorifying Homicidal Killers’ — Here’s Penn’s Brilliant Response (VIDEO),"At an addiction policy forum in in New Hampshire, Republican Senator and presidential contender Ted Cruz discussed the awful consequences of drug addiction by highlighting his sister s overdose in 2011. The conversation then turned into a political rant against undocumented illegal immigrants with Cruz calling them  undocumented democrats.  He blamed the media, Hollywood, and specifically Sean Penn for glorifying drugs and drug dealers, calling for a wall to be built between the U.S. and Mexico. Referring to Penn s recent interview with drug kingpin Joaquin Guzman, also known as El Chapo, Cruz said: El Chapo. You know, Sean Penn seems to think he is a sexy and attractive character. I so appreciate Hollywood for glorifying vicious homicidal killers. What a cute and chic thing to celebrate. Someone who murders and destroys lives for a living. El Chapo s organization brings vast quantities of drugs into this country, vast quantities of heroin. Penn s article did not glorify or celebrate El Chap or drugs, but in typical fashion, Ted Cruz has made a career out of half truths and all out lies. Cruz s statement didn t sit well with Sean Penn. In an email sent to  Mother Jones, Penn stated:  Ted Cruz is a generically funny and dangerously adept thought-smith. Clearly, he watches too much television and neglected to read my article before criticizing. It s understood. He s busy trading genius and raising aspirations with Mr. Trump. Blame Canada. Blame Canada is 1999 song from the film South Park. The song satirizes scapegoating.It s not the first time Penn has criticized Cruz. Responding in 2013 to an interviewer s question on whether Ted Cruz should be committed to a mental institution, Penn said:  He is, he is my American brother. I won t   I think we should take care of him, he is in, he s the trouble. Penn seems to have been on to something quite early. Ted Cruz s ideas are quite dangerous and if he becomes president, the country is in deep trouble. Featured image from YouTube Screenshot. ",0
8333, BUSTED: Growing Evidence Supports Claim Cruz Intentionally Lied About Carson Dropping Out (AUDIO),"Ted Cruz has a lot of explaining to do regarding the actions of his campaign staff. Cruz s campaign took a report that Ben Carson was diverting to Florida after the Iowa Caucus, without heading to New Hampshire, and very selectively cherry picked it to mean that Ben Carson was suspending his campaign and/or dropping out of the presidential race. This was immediately followed by a plea to Cruz workers to tell all Carson caucus-goers this falsehood while encouraging them to caucus for Ted Cruz instead.Carson s own campaign clarified at 6:53 pm he was not dropping out of the race. Cruz s deputy Iowa campaign manager sent an email at 6:56 pm, 3 minutes after Carson clarified things, saying Carson was taking time off from the campaign trail after Iowa and making a big announcement next week.  The email also said to inform any Carson caucus goers of this and convince them to support Cruz instead. The first phone call by the campaign to a Cruz precinct captain in Iowa came in at 7:07 pm, with the same instructions to tell Carson supporters to caucus for Cruz instead. Another phone call came in at 7:29 pm. Both calls came after CNN also clarified that Carson was not suspending his campaign.The Cruz campaign has so far insisted that they were acting on an  accurate  report that Carson was suspending campaigning after the Iowa caucus. The thing is, there doesn t seem to be any accurate report that exists. Cruz had blamed CNN for reporting that Carson suspended his campaign, but CNN did no such thing. Iowa Republican Steve King linked to CNN s report then inferred on his own that Carson was quitting the campaign. King clearly was clueless, because CNN said no such thing. However, the fact Cruz took King s word for it without reading the actual article he linked is hard to believe. Cruz might claim they just made a mistake but it seriously strains credulity to think they are that inept.Nancy Bliesman, a precinct captain for Cruz received the voicemails because she didn t take the calls as they were coming in. This prevented her from unknowingly lying to Carson voters. It isn t immediately known how many other precinct captains or other campaign workers may have gotten the misinformation and acted on it. One thing is for sure, this puts a stain on Cruz s  win  and could prove problematic for him in future caucuses once voters get wind of his shenanigans.Listen to the voicemails that were sent by the Cruz campaign below:Featured image from Flickr",0
8334, Obama Teasing Stephen Curry For ‘Clowning’ Just Further Proof He’s The Coolest Ever (VIDEO),"One of the awesome things you get to do when you win a championship is visit the White House and meet the President of the United States. This is a long-standing honor that has been coveted by these outstanding athletes. And if we re going to keep things totally real, with President Obama in the White House, these visits are much more than just honorable, they re outright fun.The Golden State Warriors won the NBA Championship this past year, and President Obama spoke of how talented they are and what role models they ve become. Many of the players even got to meet with students from Obama s mentorship program  My Brother s Keeper  as can be seen below:Students from The @WhiteHouse Mentorship Program meet the @warriors! #MyBrothersKeeper #MentorIRL pic.twitter.com/hthlcY1toZ  NBA (@NBA) February 4, 2016The entire event was pretty typical of how Obama has greeted every championship team from nearly every sport who has had the privilege of meeting the president at the White House. However, things got pretty hilarious when the president decided to throw a little light-hearted shade at Warriors star point guard Stephen Curry.The president teased Curry for  clowning  during the Warriors game against the Washington Wizards the night before. He said: For those of you who watched the game against the Wizards last night, he was   to use slang   he was clowning. He then mimicked Curry s jumps, and it was hilarious, making the whole team burst with laughter. Honestly, what other president would you ever see doing this, let alone do it so flawlessly and with great affect. I don t care if I sound like an Obama fangirl here, but he s the coolest president ever and I wish he could stay forever. Damn term limits!President Obama on Steph Curry s performance against the Wizards:  He was clownin  https://t.co/3fWZbqp7BA pic.twitter.com/IhOIDRFwE7  NBCWashington (@nbcwashington) February 4, 2016Watch the whole event here, with his remarks about Curry beginning around the 8:15 mark: Video/Featured image from NBCWashington",0
8335, This Activist Might Go To Jail For Criticizing Michigan’s Governor On Facebook (IMAGE),"A Michigan man just received a disturbing letter. The letter alleges that he has violated his probation for  threatening  Michigan s Governor, Rick Snyder, on Facebook.In 2013, Chris Wahmhoff, of Kalamazoo, Michigan was arrested for protesting the rebuilding and expansion of a pipeline that ruptured in 2010, creating the largest inland oil spill in history. In December 2014, Wahmoff was sentenced to probation, in lieu of a jail sentence.Wahmhoff received a letter from his probation officer, claiming that he has violated the terms of his probation on three counts. The first count is for his failure to pay back restitution. The second is for failing to provide his DNA for testing. The third count is where things get quite disturbing.The letter says that he has violated his probation for allegedly threatening Rick Snyder. The letter reads:Count 3: On 1.27.16 the defendant displayed threatening behavior on social media (Facebook) when he responded to a posting pertaining to the Governor of Michigan hiring two public relations firms in lieu of hiring to restore the infrastructure to provide clean water for Flint when he stated  so when y all are ready to march in and take his ass across the street I have my torch, I got warm socks. I m waiting on y all. This is in no way a credible threat of violence. In fact, it is actually quite tame compared to many of the things that have been posted about Snyder. Cher caught wind of the situation going on in Flint, Michigan before the story had reached critical mass. She called for Snyder to be put in front of a firing squad. A Michigan militia has even taken sides against Snyder.WTF IS GOING ON W/POWERMAD,GREED DRIVEN,KILLER,INCOMPETENT,POLITICIANS?THEY R CRIMNALS GOV.RICK SNYDER OF MICH.#FIRINGSQUADWORKSFORME  Cher (@cher) January 6, 2016Whether or not a Snyder and his cronies are found culpable for their role in the Flint water crisis, or not remains to be seen. That being said, the people of Michigan    well, people all over the U.S. and the world for that matter   have already found Snyder to be guilty. He has eroded democracy through his expansion of Michigan s emergency manager law. He has poisoned an entire city. At least ten people have already died from water contamination. When people refer to Snyder as a baby killer, it is by no means an exaggeration.I spoke to Wahmhoff over the phone. He says that he was publicly calling for a citizen s arrest of Rick Snyder. Wahmhoff is emphatic that he does not think that people should go into the Capital building  guns blazing.  He doesn t want any violence to come to Snyder. He does, however, think he needs to be removed from office immediately. Wahmhoff told Addicting Info: I never intended to call for violence against Rick Snyder.. But according to Michigan law 764.16 (b), I have the right to, and do intend to legally invoke the arrest of governor Rick Snyder for felonious child endangerment. Not just for Flint, but for Detroit, for the Kalamazoo River, and for the children who will continue to suffer as long as Rick Snyder is in power. The right-wing has usurped and bastardized the concept of government tyranny and the expulsion of tyrants, to the point where birthers think that President Obama should be removed from office by force. Those people are insane. I by no means support violence. Though I have to say, I am sure that the founders of the United States would consider the Snyder administration a domestic threat. As many have pointed out, the poisoning of an entire city s water supply is an act that any ISIS member would look upon with envy.There are mobs of people out there who actually would tear Rick Snyder to shreds, given the opportunity. In light of that, the idea that someone would actually take a person s vague comment from Facebook seriously enough to consider it a violation of their probation, is absurd. Especially when the person who made the comment is on probation for protesting a corporation that created the worst environmental disaster in Michigan s history   not including the current crisis in Flint, of course. Michigan activists are planning a protest, to stand in solidarity with Wahmhoff. Featured Image Credit: Donkey Hotey via Flickr. With letter screenshot added by Joe Fletcher. ",0
8336, Exposed: These Republicans Blocking Help For Flint Got Disaster Cash For Their States (TWEETS),"Republicans in Congress are holding up a measure to provide relief to the citizens of Flint, Michigan whose water supply has been poisoned.Instead of acting to pass a provision which would remove the compromised pipes bringing water into the homes of the city s mostly black population, Republicans in the Senate are blocking progress.Sens. Debbie Stabenow and Gary Peters, both Democrats of Michigan, started pushing the issue last week as the Senate began debate on the energy bill. Their provision would provide $600 million in emergency funding to Flint to replace and fix the city s water supply infrastructure and establish a center dedicated to helping people in Flint recover from lead poisoning. Republicans scolded Democrats for using the crisis to play politics, and argued it is a state and local problem.Ahead of the procedural vote, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) delivered scathing remarks on the floor, accusing Republicans of abandoning the people of Flint. One hundred thousand people in Flint, Michigan, have been poisoned, and Republicans do nothing,  Reid said.  Nine thousand little children   all under the age of 6   have been poisoned, their brains attack by the contaminated water. Still, Senate Republicans refuse to help. Republicans are insisting that the money to help Flint must be  offset  elsewhere in the budget. Senator Barbara Mikulski (D-MD) blasted this tactic from Republicans on the Senate floor, noting: This is of catastrophic, almost Armageddon proportion, that an American city has been poisoned. Let s get real. We are now bogged down in Washington wonky budgeteer talk:  Where is the offsets?  What is this? What is this? Are we human beings? There was also considerable hypocrisy on the behalf of Republicans opposed to helping Flint. Igor Volsky of Think Progress pointed out on Twitter several instances of conservative Republicans who are blocking Flint relief who were all too eager to ask for disaster relief funds for their own states..@SenatorSessions requested fed disaster $ after tornadoes hit AL. But of course doesn't want to send $ to Flint. pic.twitter.com/dNm6d7srOh  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) February 4, 2016.@SenPatRoberts boasted of obtaining disaster $ after drought in KS. Guess how much $ he wants to send to Flint. pic.twitter.com/2fic5UuGKb  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) February 4, 2016.@robportman endorsed disaster $ after drought hit OH.Guess how much $ he wants to spend on #FlintWaterCrisis pic.twitter.com/lEEJ5U9QIZ  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) February 4, 2016.@RandPaul asked Obama for federal $ after storms hit KYGuess how much $ he wants to send to Flint. Just guess. pic.twitter.com/Nz2YhP6TqY  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) February 4, 2016.@SenMikeLee asked for disaster $ after flooding in Utah. Doesn't think Flint residents deserve the same treatment pic.twitter.com/EbOB2rcIuh  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) February 4, 2016Oooo, found @RonJohnsonWI asking for disaster $ for WI in 2011!In 2016, he's blocking emergency $ for Flint. pic.twitter.com/Ke2XXQJHRI  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) February 4, 2016Sen. @jiminhofe boasted of obtaining disaster $ after storms in OK guess how much fed $ he wants to send to Flint pic.twitter.com/ssFHE3lfuB  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) February 4, 2016Featured image from YouTube",0
8337, This Anti-Abortionist’s Comment On Flint Crisis Proves ‘Pro-Life’ Republicans Don’t Exist (AUDIO),"A so-called  pro-life  Republican has yet again proven the entire concept of being  pro-life  is a total fraud   this time, with her comments on the Flint water crisis. Sandy Rios, who wastes her time fighting against both abortion and contraception, has declared the Flint lead poisoning crisis and the Zika virus as liberal conspiracy theories that are not worthy of concern.Rios actually made the incredible suggestion that neither of the health crises posed as great a threat as either ISIS or Latino immigrants. How Latino immigrants moving into this country are related to an entire American city being poisoned for over a year is beyond comprehension.A caller to her radio show asked her why she and other Republicans that are obsessed with the well-being of fetuses were mostly silent on the Flint water crisis. Rios had the following mind-numbing response: The whole issue in Michigan   the left loves to, they re now creating this, I m sorry, I m going to really go out on a limb here, this Zika virus which I haven t talked about. They love to come up with tragedies and they love to blame and they love to scare people. I think this issue in Michigan is a serious one, but I don t think it s the big issue that these other issues are. Source: RawstoryHere is a bit of context on what Rios said. Lead poisoning is not safe at any level for any person, but it s most harmful to developing brains and nervous systems found in fetuses and children. The Zika virus has been linked to microcephaly, which is a condition that causes abnormally small heads and incomplete brain development. It s causing such an epidemic in Brazil that at least one judge is planning on challenging Brazil s harsh restrictions on abortion, which only allow for exceptions of rape or life of the mother.These are real public health issues that are seriously endangering the unborn, and an absolutely rabid Christian anti-abortionist just blows them off, insisting they are not a serious problem. It s unreal how narrowly they define their concern for the unborn. They seem to only care about the act of forcing women to give birth. Whether or not the child is healthy is of no concern.Listen to Rios  ridiculous comments below:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/245269720  params= color=ff5500  width= 100%  height= 166  iframe= true  /]Featured image from Huffington Post ",0
8338, Elizabeth Warren Calls Out ‘EVERY SINGLE’ House Republican For ‘SHAMEFUL’ Vote (VIDEO),"If you need reassurance that someone is truly fighting for your best interests in Congress, look no further than Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA). She has been fighting for justice for the American people against a corrupt financial system since before she even took office. She is a champion for the unheard American voice that all too often gets drowned out by corporate cash and lobbying efforts from big banks.Republicans, of course, fall in line behind these lobbyists and take what they can get. They then turn around and vote in favor of those who crashed our economy rather than those who elected them into office   the people.No greater example of this is than what just happened on the floor of the House of Representatives. A vote was taken (HR766) to let fraudulent bankers off the hook and make it harder for them to be investigated and held accountable. Take a guess how Republicans responded Warren did NOT hold back in her disgust of what was happening before our very eyes:It s not equal justice when a kid gets thrown in jail for stealing a car, while a CEO gets a huge raise when his company steals billions.  Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) February 3, 2016The American people remember who broke our economy & who made out like bandits   and they didn t send us here to help the bandits.  Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) February 3, 2016If anyone in Congress thinks they can make it harder to crack down on corporate criminals, I promise you: The American people are watching.  Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) February 3, 2016Systematic fraud on Wall St helped spark the 2008 financial crisis   but not a single Wall St executive went to jail.  Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) February 4, 2016You d think big banks would be happy with enforcement so tepid that they could just bake fines into the cost of doing business, right?  Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) February 4, 2016Nope   right now on the House floor, Wall St buddies are pushing a bill to make it tougher to prosecute bank fraud.  Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) February 4, 2016You read that right: The House is just minutes away from voting on a bill to make it tougher to investigate & prosecute bank fraud.  Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) February 4, 2016So she urged everyone to tell Congress to hold Wall Street accountable and vote  NO :Tell Congress: They work for the American people   not Wall Street banks that break the law. Vote NO on HR 766.  Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) February 4, 2016And this is how House Republicans responded:Every single House Republican who came to work today just voted to make it harder to hold big banks accountable for fraud. Shameful.  Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) February 4, 2016It is remarkably shameful, corrupt and disgusting. Thank goodness for voices like Senator Warren and Senator Sanders for being in the Senate to call these corrupt politicians out and shine a huge spotlight on where Republican loyalties truly are. To know we live in a nation where people of color are locked up for minor offenses or even killed where they stand, but these corrupt bankers are allowed to destroy our economy as well as people s lives and not be held accountable is beyond shameful, it s reprehensible. Thank you for fighting for us, Senator Warren. Thank you.Video/Featured image: YouTube",0
8339," Rick Santorum Endorses Rubio, But Can’t Actually Name Any Of His Accomplishments (VIDEO)","It s pretty rare that a presidential candidate would regret getting an endorsement while on the campaign trail, but such might be the case for GOPer Marco Rubio after what former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum did to him!Having recently dropped out of his own race for the White House, Santorum decided to throw his support behind the Flordia senator yesterday, giving the candidate his best wishes and a passionate endorsement. This endorsement followed Rubio s third-place win in Iowa on Monday, and the candidate is picking up speed for the New Hampshire primary taking place next week.But on Thursday morning, Santorum s endorsement had the complete opposite effect on Rubio s campaign. Instead of being a great boost, it just made both politicians look incapable and stupid, thanks to Santorum s appearance on Morning Joe. Host Joe Scarborough simply asked the question  What do you list as Marco Rubio s top accomplishment?  and it all went downhill from there! You can watch the awkward, embarrassing footage below:Santorum not only squirmed and danced around what was an understandable question, but failed to finally give any sort of satisfying answer. Some of Santorum s meek side-stepping remarks were that Rubio [Won] a tough election in Florida, pull[ing] people together from a variety of spots  and that  He s someone who brings people together! Meanwhile, the Morning Joe panel couldn t help but laugh at how absurd the situation was. In a final attempt, Scarborough firmly pressed the former senator, He s been in the Senate four years. Can you name his top accomplishment? And Santorum proved that even with the help of the show s hosts, he just couldn t come up with even one thing Rubio had done. Defeated and tired of smiling and shaking his head, Santorum eventually said,  The bottom line is there isn t a whole lot of accomplishments, Joe,  and accused the host of asking him something  I just don t think it s a fair question  (even though it was completely straightforward and logical).This interview was so awkward that at one point, Scarborough s co-host Mika Brzezinski said, Hold on. This is disturbing. Featured image is a screenshot",0
8340, Email ‘Scandal’ Unraveling: Explosive NBC Report Blows Up Major Anti-Hillary Talking Point,"Well, they say all good things must come to an end and for Republicans, it s beginning to look like their favorite Anti-Hillary Clinton talking point is unraveling right before their eyes. It seems they may have to actually focus on the issues instead of obsessing over a manufactured scandal. (I m kidding, of course!)At first blush a new NBC News report seems like bad news for Clinton and her campaign. Journalists seemed to confirm that her emails contained  references  to CIA operatives who were conducting espionage overseas. Sounds bad, right?Right-wing media outlets certainly wanted to pretend like it was. Conservatives gleefully began spreading the narrative that this meant Clinton s servers could have led to American CIA agents getting killed. NewsMax, a cheap Fox News knockoff, blared:U.S. intelligence officials say  top-secret  emails Hillary Clinton kept on her private email server when she headed the State Department include the real names of CIA spies serving undercover overseas   a violation of federal law that has put the agents in harm s way The readers of NewsMax   and other right-wing sites   were led to believe Hillary s arrest was only moments away.Nope, not even close.The NBC News investigation found that this was a case of more smoke than fire and quite a bit of wishful thinking on the part of conservatives. Here s what they found instead (emphasis added):But contrary to some published reports, three officials said there was no email on Clinton s server that directly revealed the identity of an undercover intelligence operative. Rather, they said, State Department and other officials attempted to make veiled references to intelligence officers in the emails   references that were deemed classified when the messages were being reviewed years later for public release.Catch the differences?There were absolutely no direct references to the identities of undercover operatives. No  names  or distinguishing characteristics. No way to know who the emails were referring to. If a terrorist were to find these emails, they would be spectacularly unhelpful.Making matters even stronger for Clinton s case, the emails were only deemed classified years later. At the time she had them, they were considered mundane.This falls in line with what Clinton has been saying all along. She admits that having the server at her house was a mistake, but it was never a criminal act, and it ultimately put zero CIA agents at risk of any danger. The Republican charges to the contrary are evaporating under scrutiny.If this is all they have against her should she receive the Democratic nomination, they are   without doubt   utterly screwed.Feature image from Flickr",0
8341, Black Teen Volunteers For Trump To See If He’s Really THAT Bad – This Is What He Found (VIDEO),"Whenever someone has been generous enough to give Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump the benefit of the doubt, they re always met with disappointment. In a new video from The Young Turks, an African-American teen decided to volunteer at one of Trump s campaign offices in West Des Moines on Caucus Day to see if the candidate and his supporters were really as bad as the media makes them out to be.High school junior James Patterson explained his reasoning: I just wanted to make sure I wasn t critiquing out of ignorance. I saw what he said on TV, but I also know how the media works, so I wanted to see it for myself. As part of his volunteer work, Patterson spent his time making phone calls for Trump s campaign in an office of about 20 people. It didn t take him long to see the obvious: he was the only black person. Through his interactions with Trump s other supporters and volunteers over the course of the day, their overall attitude toward minorities became clear   their racism is quiet, but it s still very much there. Patterson said: Nobody used any racial slurs. Nobody called me  the n-word.  Nobody called me  coon  or anything, but it s, for lack of a better word, it s micro-aggressions. You know, the way they look at you. The way they talk about foreign policy and how they talk about oppressed groups when they don t think you re listening. Overall, Patterson felt that Trump s supporters were normal people who have these resentments towards minorities, not able to voice them because thankfully we have policed language to the effect that that s not acceptable. But they still hold these.  Patterson believes that supporting Trump is  their way to show that. Patterson also said that he found his fellow staffers and volunteers unnerving because while they were  very friendly , he couldn t ignore the fact that they support Trump s disgusting rhetoric. You can watch the young volunteer talk about his experience below:Overall, his stint as a Trump volunteer did not turn Patterson into a supporter. He said, Sure, everybody has the right to say whatever they want. However, there is something called respect. And Trump is not respectful. And there is something wrong with our society when we can glorify somebody openly that condemns minority groups like Mexicans and Muslims.Patterson feels that Trump has targeted his message to appeal to fundamentalist Christian, white, middle-class Americans that feel like their power is being taken  because minorities are making strides.  He added: When he speaks to that, there s no way he can be pro-black or pro-Hispanic or pro-minority, and have that campaign. Smart boy. Patterson isn t the only one who has tried to give Trump a real chance and found the experience severely disheartening. Last November, an African-American woman attended a Trump rally to see if The Donald was really as hateful, racist and horrible as she d heard. It didn t take long before she realized she d made a horrible mistake and decided to turn her presence into a protest in the most beautiful way.Featured image is a screenshot",0
8342," Donald Trump Makes Pathetic, Racist Swipe At President Obama For Visiting A Mosque (VIDEO)","President Obama s speech from a mosque in Baltimore, Maryland this week was welcomed by most as an important and timely gesture to bring together Americans of all faiths and none. But for Donald Trump, is was a chance to sow the seeds of division with a truly pathetic, racist reaction.Obama s visit to the Islamic Society of Baltimore was the first time in U.S. history that a President has delivered a speech from an American mosque. Given the rise of hate crimes against Muslim American and their places of worship, and unprecedented attacks on the faith from conservative lawmakers and media, this visit was much-needed.The center says on its website that it  aspires to be the anchor of a growing Muslim community with diverse backgrounds, democratically governed, relating to one another with inclusiveness and tolerance, and interacting with neighbors in an Islamic exemplary manner. Obama endorsed this message and made an impassioned call for moderates on all sides of the political and faith spectrum to come together around their common humanity. He explicitly rejected the inexcusable political rhetoric against Muslim-Americans made by the likes of Donald Trump, and other Republican presidential candidates.He replaced their rhetoric with a powerful and unambiguous message of hope and community: Let me say as clearly as I can as president of the United States: you fit right here, You re right where you belong. You re part of America too. You re not Muslim or American. You re Muslim and American. What was Donald Trump s detailed, profound political response to this groundbreaking effort? Speaking on Fox News, in an interview with Greta Van Susteren, Trump responded: I don t know if maybe he feels comfortable there. Because he is a Kenyan Muslim Socialist? I mean, come on Trump. And how do we know it s just a case of Obama putting his Muslim brothers above  natural born Americans? We have a lot of problems in this country,  Trump explained.  We have a lot of places he can go and he chose a mosque. The reason Trump sinks to playing the race card with his reaction, is because it s actually the only card he has to play. He has no platform, no ideas, no vision for America. He only has a direct line to the prejudices of Republican voters and Fox viewers. It ll get him coverage alright, but it sure as hell won t get him to the White House.Featured Image via Screengrab/Screengrab",0
8343," This Staggering Ruling Makes It Legal For Cops To Kill Unarmed, Homeless People (VIDEO)","A 43-year-old Cameroonian immigrant man was barely surviving on LA s infamous Skid Row when he was brutally gunned down by cops last year. Despite the victim being unarmed and vulnerable, the LA Police Commission has ruled this killing  justified.  Coming as it does, among a string of such killings, it seems it is now legal for LA cops to shoot unarmed, homeless people with impunity.Last March, Charly Keunang died after being shot six times by the LAPD. Officers claimed he was reaching for one of their guns, but a bystander video undermines this story. The LA Police Commission refuses to release their body-cam footage of the shooting, and the ruling seals the footage from public view permanently.As can be seen in the bystander footage, several cops charge into Keunangs tent while he is sleeping and begin swinging at him. He was known to be in a poor state of mental health, and it is little surprise at all that such a traumatic incident would have terrified him and provoked a fight or flight response. How might you react if you awoke with several men in your face who were hitting and dragging you? The cops then  reacted  to a crisis of their own creation.Members of the man s family are now suing the LA for $20 million.One would hope that a case like the horrific death of Charly Keunang would be unique. However, it is all too commonplace in LA. In September of the very same year, 37-year-old mentally ill homeless woman Norma  Angie  Guzman was gunned down by the LAPD too. Again, a mental health crisis was turned into target practice session by the LAPD.And it s not just LA. Over in Albuquerque, New Mexico, city police shot and killed 38-year-old homeless man James Boyd for the crime of camping in an unauthorized area of local foothills.In the same month, a cop in Miami shot and killed a homeless man in a public park. The man was well-known and liked by regulars of the park, and a maintenance worker at the park found it almost impossible to believe the officers account. He stated that the deceased man was a regular feature in the park with a routine: To sit down and go to the library and use the computer, read the newspaper, that s his thing every morning and wait for me to open up the door,  he said.  Man, for that to happen to a guy like that, no I don t understand that. This really is where the issues of under-investment in public services, and police brutality combine to create a perfect storm. Millions of dollars has been stripped form LA s homeless services budgets in the last five years, while homelessness has risen 12 percent in just the last two years. At the same time, mental health support services have also been cut. This means more people are on the streets, with less support, and when a crisis occurs  the police are getting called instead of mental health professionals.So while this is a problem for the police, it is also a matter for legislators and voters. If we want our streets to be safe, it serves us all to invest in the proper treatment and support of vulnerable people. While police and some civilians may perceive a homeless or mentally ill person as the threat, they are far more likely to become a victim of violence than to commit violence. Either from ruthless policing, or unscrupulous passersby. Featured Image via Screengrab",0
8344, Jimmy Kimmel Imagines An Unlikely World In Which Jeb Bush Can Place Fourth In a Primary (VIDEO),"At this point, Jeb Bush s campaign is nothing short of pathetic. Recently, the would-be third president in the Bush dynasty surely received a rude awakening when he had to beg a New Hampshire crowd to clap for him.Unfortunately, even though his own mother doesn t think he should be president, Bush refuses to give up. With no chance to win unless almost every single one of his primary opponents spontaneously combusts   or unless he possesses some sort of supernatural ability like mind control   Jeb doesn t stand a chance.But what if Rand Paul s supporters join him? Paul recently dropped out of the race after a humiliating fifth place finish. Paul finished fifth among the GOP candidates with a rather unimpressive 4% of the vote, with thousands more supporters than Bush, who finished sixth. Late night host Jimmy Kimmel took a moment Wednesday to imagine a fantastical world in which Jeb has a chance to finish fourth in a primary. Jeb Bush is still running, but he doesn t know what to do,  Kimmel said.  You know, if he loses, he can t go home because his father and brother will laugh at him. I guess he s hoping that some of the people who supported candidates who are dropping out will get on board with him.  Fallon plays a mock ad encouraging those who wanted to  stand with Rand  to instead  ebb with Jeb. Jeb s still running, and he desperately needs your vote,  the narrator says.  If we join forces, who know   we might just make it to fourth place. Unfortunately, Bush is so wildly unpopular that even if Paul s supporters instead joined forces with him in Iowa, he would have finished fifth behind Ben Carson anyway. He s just that terrible. You have to admit though   with truly memorable GOP contenders like whatsisname, some guy, and another person dropping like birds in an acid storm, it takes a lot of guts for someone so grossly unqualified, unlikable, and pathetic to even consider staying in the race.Watch this hilarious segment below:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jbVOzAe0rg?rel=0&amp;showinfo=0&w=560&h=315]Featured image via screengrab",0
8345, Colbert Lays Waste To Fallen Candidates After Iowa In This Hilarious ‘Tribute’ (VIDEO),"The Iowa caucuses have come and gone, leaving in their wake a trail of fallen candidates no longer willing to have their dignity handed to them by the likes of Donald Trump and Ted Cruz. Not that Republicans have any actual dignity, so let s just go with the idea that they re tired of being embarrassed.Who can blame them? Mike Huckabee was the first to fall, joking that it wasn t due to low votes but to illness.  The voters are sick of me,  said the Huckster. Waka waka. Buh bye. Rand Paul went down in flames shortly thereafter, deciding to make sure he doesn t lose his senate seat instead, which is a valid concern.For the Democrats, Martin O malley dropped out, which comes as no surprise to anyone.That leaves the two major contenders for the Democrats and a still ridiculously large field of horrible governors, senators who don t bother voting and a few non-politician types who don t understand the first thing about how the real world works.Even with the dropouts and a Cruz victory proving devastating to Donald Trump, the real loser of the Iowa caucuses was Jeb Bush, who outspent every by dropping more than $12 million and walking away with votes in the single digits. None of the  establishment  favorites fared well with the exception of Marco Rubio, who stepped up in the absence of Donald Trump at the last Fox News debate and screamed at America every time he was given the chance.It s a circus for sure. Luckily, we have people like Stephen Colbert who know how to take the ridiculously irritating Republican field and turn them into the buffoons they are for our enjoyment. Stephen dons his Hunger Games attire, which includes eyebrows that his  forehead can t contain,  and spends a few minutes making asinine asshats look even worse than they already do.Watch Stephen Colbert lambaste the  fallen tributes  In this hilarious clip:Featured image from screen capture",0
8346," Internet Destroys Imbecile Who Wants To Make Rape Legal, Get His Meet-Ups Cancelled (TWEETS/VIDEO)","Misogynist blogger Daryush Valizadeh, better known as Roosh V., owner and operator of the He-Man Woman Haters site  Return of Kings,  is finally getting his comeuppance. Roosh had organized an  International Tribal Meetup Day,  for men like himself who believe that women are nothing more than property, and therefore rape should completely legal on private property. Some of the meetings of the rape supporting men were to take place in Seattle and Everett, Washington   that is until the public got wind of this douchebag s plans.Outrage quickly ensued, and rightfully so. Here are just a few of the tweets from citizens calling for Roosh s blood:This is sickening. @SPLBuzz a heads up~ 'Pro-rape' blogger organizes meetings for men across U.S.Seattle https://t.co/caQ8OJraUd via Q13FOX  Jasmine Boothroyd (@jazzvictoria) February 3, 2016Seriously. Wow: 'Pro-rape' blogger organizes meetings for men across U.S.   including Seattle, Everett https://t.co/ZFzd8nAmka via @Q13FOX  Maggie Morse Howard (@MaggieMoHo38) February 3, 2016.@ReturnofKings Your pro-rape, misogynistic, homophobic garbage is not welcome in Ottawa   #its2016  #TurnAwayReturnOfKings  Jim Watson (@JimWatsonOttawa) February 2, 2016Poor @rooshv   having to cancel his meet-ups because people think rape is a bad thing. Guess this is what it feels like to be ""targeted""  Kahn Johnson (@Kahnjohnson) February 4, 2016Proud to see a stance on #RooshV 's proposed meninist event on Saturday. It has no place ANYWHERE let alone in #NCL pic.twitter.com/GBxxvn8WXk  Ellie Radcliffe (@ellieradcliffe9) February 4, 2016Roosh V has cancelled his events because he cannot guarantee the safety of his supporters. Now you know how women feel, you spunk nugget.  Kellie (@BigFashionista) February 4, 2016RooshV and his army of wannabe rapist have cancelled all those meetings fukin cowards lol  papa andru (@netflixnwill) February 4, 2016Roosh V is a terrorist  TWIABP&IANLATD (@twiabp) February 4, 2016When @RooshV says, ""Let's make rape legal,"" is HE asking to be raped? Because no one else is. #fem2 #humanrights pic.twitter.com/r7p386Vi8Q  Jon Hutson (@JonHutson) February 2, 2016And that is just the tip of the iceberg. There has also been a Whitehouse.gov petition to classify Return of Kings group as a terrorist organization. There was even a safety alert posted to social media by local police warning women to steer clear, and saying that there is concern that this may be a ruse to commit rape. Even heavily conservative Texas Governor Greg Abbott has come out in strong condemnation against the group when he learned of their plans to hold meetings in Texas, saying in a statement: This pathetic group and their disgusting viewpoints are not welcome in Texas. I ve spent much of my career protecting women from such vile and heinous acts, and it won t be any different on my watch as Governor. After the outrage continued, Roosh V. finally released the following statement, announcing the cancellation of all of the meetups: I can no longer guarantee the safety or privacy of the men who want to attend on February 6, especially since most of the meetups can not be made private in time. While I can t stop men who want to continue meeting in private groups, there will be no official Return Of Kings meetups. The listing page has been scrubbed of all locations. I apologize to all the supporters who are let down by my decision. While your fellow misogynists may be let down, Roosh, the rest of the world is breathing a collective sigh of relief. You should be locked up with the key thrown away, for advocating the commission and legalization of a heinous violent crime. You are nothing more than a misogynist hate group leader, and I, for one, am glad the sane people of the world spoke out and made sure that you d be too afraid to continue doing what you do.Watch a video news report below, via DFW CBS below:Featured image from Change.org",0
8347, Jimmy Fallon’s Trump Claims VICTORY As ‘The Winner And Champion – Of Second Place’ (VIDEO),"It can be said that Donald Trump was less than pleased that he came in second to Ted Cruz in the Iowa Caucus. However, that s putting it mildly. From his expressionless concession speech, to his next day blame game, to his temper tantrum against Cruz, he s been pretty much a loose cannon.Although, leave it to Jimmy Fallon to show Trump s true reaction to coming in second place that likely happened in a dream on Trump s flight from Iowa to New Hampshire. On Wednesday s edition of the Tonight Show, Fallon donned the infamous Trump wig and did his spot-on impersonation once again to have Trump declare he s  the winner and champion   of second place. He then tells everyone,  In case you re wondering, the  J  stands for genius.  Then after declaring victory, he says: It s just like children say: First is the worst, second is the best, third is the one with the hairy chest . Marco Rubio get that taken care of. I wouldn t want your hair to make you look ridiculous. Fallon then goes through how many wonderful things in life have the number two in them or come in twos, thus making him equally as spectacular. Of course.He ends by telling everyone: From now on, when you think Donald Trump, I want you to think YUGE No. 2  So watch out New Hampshire, because the deuce is loose. And it s true, Trump often does appear to be a giant piece of sh*t more often than not, so it fits.It will definitely be interesting to see what happens in New Hampshire after their primary vote next week. Will Trump still be the champion of second place? Or will he be able to finally declare a true victory? We ll just have to wait and see. Video/Featured image from YouTube",0
8348, #BlackLivesMatter Leader To Run For Mayor Of Racially Troubled Baltimore (TWEET),"The police shooting of black teen Michael Brown at the hands of then Ferguson, Missouri white cop Darren Wilson ignited a national firestorm regarding the fact that cops often shoot and kill unarmed black people for little more than existing. That birthed the #BlackLivesMatter movement. Then, there were the protests, unrest, and violence in Baltimore after the death of Freddie Gray, yet another African American man who died at the hands of the police. Since then there have been national protests across the nation. One man who has risen to prominence through his activism and advocacy for #BlackLivesMatters: activist DeRay McKesson.McKesson is currently an activist by both passion and trade. He is from Baltimore, and returned to his hometown a little more than a year ago. He became famous for his commentary on racist policing and anti-black violence on Twitter. His prolific use of social media and for his on the ground, live commentary meant that many people began to look to him as a man who could be trusted to provide them with the truth   even when the cops are busy trying to cover it up. Now, he has announced that he will be running for mayor of Baltimore.Calling himself a  son of Baltimore,  McKesson says his mayoral bid is about a commitment  to usher our city into an era where the government is accountable to its people and is aggressively innovative in how it identifies and solves its problems. The 30-year-old modern day civil rights icon tweeted his intention to run late Wednesday night, as he filed his papers to run for Baltimore s mayor as a Democrat. I Am Running for Mayor of Baltimore  https://t.co/tYQ58AOXYp  deray mckesson (@deray) February 4, 2016Godspeed, man. We need people who call out the system for what it is, and who are unafraid to explain how it is stacked against black people   how it costs so many of us our very lives. The field is definitely huge, with 28 candidates and counting, but you can do it, my brother.Featured image from Twitter",0
8349, Watch Women Reverse Roles And Tell Male Republican Candidates What They Should Do With Their Bodies (VIDEO),"Many women have had enough of men in power telling them what they should or should not do with  their bodies. One would think that in 2016, it would be understood by presidential candidates that a woman simply has a right to her own body and the choices she makes are hers and hers alone.Not so with the current Republican clowns running for president. For some irrational reason, all the  candidates seem to believe that they have a right to tell women what to do with their bodies. A group of women decided to get together and teach the candidates a lesson by posing the following question: What would it be like for men in power to get schooled on what they should or shouldn t do with their bodies? The results in the video are effective as well as hilarious.The results in the video are effective as well as hilarious.[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdXZd7VZTnI]One woman speaks directly to the camera and says: Guys, Republicans, picture this: Once a month, lots of blood just comes out of you d**k hole and if you want to prevent it, you just shove a tampon in your d**k hole. Now picture my trying to regulate your d**k hole. Another woman on screen continues with some advice for Donald Trump. She says:  Take as many selfies as possible. You ve got the duck lips that teen girls dream of. And there were some suggestions for lowly Jeb Bush: You basically want women to wear a chastity belt. We just want you to use your actual belt and wear your pants below your nipple line. By subverting power and reversing it, these women teach these candidates an important lesson. Although it s doubtful that someone like Donald Trump, who has said terrible and sexist things about women will heed the message and reverse course. It s also doubtful that someone like Ben Carson, who believes that abortion should be outlawed, even in cases of rape and incest, will heed the message as well. However, the hope is that Americans will be rational enough not to vote for a Republican for the presidency when the time comes.Featured image via video screenshot",0
8350, Hillary Has Four Words For Everyone Claiming She Pals With Donald Trump,"Something we keep hearing about Hillary Clinton is that the former Secretary of State is pals with Donald Trump. Of course this line is perpetuated by the fact that Hillary did attend Trump s wedding in 2005. However, let s remember something, Hillary was pretty powerful in New York at the time as a Senator and was likely asked to attend in that capacity. But, myths being what they are, if it s repeated often enough that she s palling around with Trump, at some point it becomes a  fact  that they re besties.Hillary has a four word message for all those out there who insist she s BFF s with The Donald  We were not friends. She exclusively told PEOPLE for the upcoming issue: We were not friends. We knew each other, obviously, in New York. I knew a lot of people. Also noting that she really doesn t give a sh*t what he says about her either: I don t really care that much about what he says about me because I do see that as, you know, politics   not particularly the brand I approve of. Who would approve of Trump s brand of politics; it s smarmy, bigoted, abusive, and flat-out wrong in so many ways. And even though Trump said back in 2012: Hillary Clinton, I think, is a terrific woman. I have known her for years. I live in New York, she lives in New York, and I ve known her and her husband for years and I really like them both a lot. It lines up with what Hillary said about their relationship perfectly, and doesn t prove, whatsoever, that they re pals. What it shows is Trump doing what Trump does   do what s in the best interest of Trump. Which is say and do anything that will go to his favor. For all we know he could like the Clintons a lot, or he may loathe them. Trump says what he wants to at any time, and that could change at any given moment.At this moment in time, you ve really got to take Hillary at her word on this, because not only does her explanation make perfect sense, it lines up with Trump as well. So what if they know each other, she knows A LOT of people. A LOT. So does he. It doesn t mean that their all best friends forever.Featured image: flickr",0
8351, CNN Host SLAMS Cruz Campaign For Making Up Absolute Bullsh*t And Bashing Network (VIDEO),"If there s one thing Senator Ted Cruz will go down in history for, it s being a smarmy liar. He says whatever he can to make himself look good, and gives all politicians a bad name. What he seems to hate more than anything is being call out on his bullshit, and Wednesday when asked a question about how he mislead Carson voters in to thinking the candidate was suspending his campaign, thus trying to make voters believe they should vote for Cruz, he went directly after CNN, saying: Is it a dirty trick to pass on your news stories? You re in the business! Would you think it was a dirty trick if I was forwarding an ABC story? Or is it just a dirty trick to pass on a CNN story? Basically, he was pissed CNN was reporting facts. So CNN anchor Brooke Baldwin, while speaking with Cruz surrogate Rep. Mark Meadows (R-NC), said: Just so we re all crystal clear here, when Sen. Cruz, with all due respect, tries to throw my network under the bus, let me stand up for my colleagues and my journalists here in terms of this CNN report Cruz keeps quoting. We reported it accurately and here are the facts. She then went on to say: Dr. Carson s staff told us that he would return home to Florida to, quote, unquote, take a breath from the campaign before resuming his activities on the campaign trail. That accurate report was disseminated on television and CNN digital and that was that. That was that. Then finished off with: Forgive me. When someone tries to take down the media and misreport something it gets me fired up. Then when Meadows tried to twist the conversation away from the subject, Baldwin brings him back to reality by saying: Congressman, forgive me, but I m going to call out B.S. if I hear B.S. And that was B.S. Cruz was purposefully trying to blame the media for his actions taken against the Carson campaign. It s lame, it s wrong, and Baldwin was perfectly spot-on calling him out on it. Well done. Video/Featured image: YouTube",0
8352, #TrumperTantrum: Twitter’s Brilliant Response To Trump’s Embarrassing Meltdown (TWEETS),"As you have all probably heard by now, Donald Trump had an absolute hissy-fit on Twitter, Wednesday morning. The Republican front-runner was very, very upset that he did not come out on top in the Iowa caucus and he decided that it was all because of Ted Cruz   the declared winner.To express his extreme displeasure Trump claimed that Cruz  illegally stole  Iowa (how one legally steals is not clear) and claimed that he was going to demand a recount.The Cruz Campaign laughed at The Donald s meltdown and Spokesman Rick Tyler said: Reality has hit the reality star. Since Iowa, no one is talking about Donald Trump. That s why he s popping off on Twitter. There are Twitter addiction therapy groups, and he should check in with his local chapter. But the Cruz Campaign wasn t the only ones to respond to the billionaire s epic temper tantrum, Twitter did too with the hashtag #TrumpTantrum   and it is brilliant:If you threaten to sue your neighbor because he has more friends than you, you might be having a #trumpertantrum  SherH (@shernajwine) February 4, 2016 #Trumpertantrum Everyone is being mean to me! pic.twitter.com/W8HXbZ1dFb  Politics Jim (@PoliticsJim) February 4, 2016. #Trumpertantrum best hashtag of the day! What a baby!! #soreloser pic.twitter.com/ENYf4FlM24  Laura (@drmrstheawesome) February 4, 2016 HE IS GOING TO PENETRATE THE INTERNET #Trumpertantrum https://t.co/0rSlpNZzgz  the rapper brunson (@Brunson434) February 4, 2016WHY AM I SO GOOD AT LOSING?! #Trumpertantrum pic.twitter.com/10YzGcOcYv  Gord Macey (@GordMacey) February 4, 2016This one is pretty creepy. Just take your toys and go home, Donny #Trumpertantrum pic.twitter.com/7mkavxyG14  Jess (@jesie_ann) February 3, 2016#Trumpertantrum You don t understand. I coulda had class. I COULDA BEEN A CONTENDER! pic.twitter.com/fNtBER2ed1  AngieSenseiofSarcasm (@Artist_Angie) February 3, 2016 #Trumpertantrum is a fantastic new term and we should use it forever.  SourceFed (@sourcefed) February 3, 2016Donald should probably think his crazy Twitter rants through a little bit more, because this is pretty embarrassing. I mean, when Twitter is constantly mocking you for your childlike behavior, that doesn t bode well for the rest of your candidacy. Does this guy seriously believe Americans see his meltdowns and say, Oh yeah, that s the guy I want giving military orders. ? I have more faith that my eleven-year-old can run the country than I do that Trump would do it well.Go on over to Twitter and check out more of the #TrumperTantrum hashtag, I promise it s worth it.Featured image via Twitter",0
8353, Creepy: Christie Is The Latest Republican To Fantasize About Spanking Hillary Clinton (VIDEO),"The Republican presidential candidates have been shamelessly revealing their deepest desires to spank a certain popular Democrat.While it s understandable that candidates will talk smack about their opponents and use more colorful language, the GOP candidates have completely crossed the line by repeatedly talking about how much they want to spank Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.Following a loss at the Iowa Caucus earlier this week, Chris Christie went to New Hampshire to raise eyebrows and earn a few uncomfortable laughs by making a misogynistic joke about how badly he would  beat [Clinton s] rear end  if they were to ever go head to head against each other in a debate. The GOPer said: You know the last person she wants to see on that stage in September? You re looking at him. You know why? She s been running away from federal prosecutors for the last six months. She sees a federal prosecutor on the stage, I ll beat her rear end on that stage, and after I do, she ll be relieved because she ll just be worried I was going to serve her with a subpoena. You can watch Christie make the crowd shift uncomfortably in their seats below via ABC:WATCH: @ChrisChristie promises to beat Clinton s  rear end  on debate stage https://t.co/TYKQ3wwG72https://t.co/j3XMYAFXJA  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) February 3, 2016Christie has gained a reputation for making off-the-wall comments about his rivals, but the right s disturbing fascination with spanking   especially when Clinton is concerned   is getting out of hand. Just last month, Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz revealed his own weird, creepy fantasy about spanking the former Secretary of State.As fully grown adult human beings, we all have thoughts that come across our minds throughout the day, and the majority of us know which ones should be kept to ourselves to maintain our own dignity and keep the environment around us respectful and peaceful. Unfortunately, this election has brought about the worst in the Republican candidates and it seems that every racist, bigotry-filled and misogynistic thought needs to be expressed loud and clear. The GOP has no filter, and unfortunately what has been said cannot be unheard. Featured image via screenshot",0
8354, Bernie Sanders Says You Can’t Be A Moderate And A Progressive (TWEETS),"Bernie Sanders on Wednesday attacked Hillary Clinton s political self-identification as a progressive. The Vermont senator posted a series of tweets defining for his supporters what it means to be a real progressive.You can be a moderate. You can be a progressive. But you cannot be a moderate and a progressive.  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) February 3, 2016On top of defining the word  establishment  as a pejorative term, Sanders is now engaged in a game of ideological purity similar to the ongoing battle on the Republican side about what it really means to be a conservative.Contrary to Sanders  view of progressivism, it s absolutely possible to be a progressive on some issues and a moderate on others. Likewise, it s entirely possible to be a progressive while governing as a moderate   be it a moderate across the board or just occasionally depending on the issue. For example, what about the gun control issue? his campaign manager says he is  very moderate  on the issue.  https://t.co/5LX5Pkhuji  Alex Seitz-Wald (@aseitzwald) February 3, 2016So, Bernie s own adviser defined him as  moderate  on guns. How would Sanders score on his own ideological purity test?But, really, what does it even mean to be a progressive? Is there an agreed-upon set of qualifications for the label? Is Sanders talking about being a far-left liberal? A progressive reformer in the classical Teddy Roosevelt sense? What is it? Sanders elaborated via a series of additional tweets in an attempt to define what he means.Most progressives that I know don t raise millions of dollars from Wall Street.  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) February 3, 2016Most progressives I know are firm from day 1 in opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership. They didn t have to think about it a whole lot.  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) February 3, 2016Most progressives that I know were opposed to the Keystone pipeline from day one. Honestly, it wasn t that complicated.  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) February 3, 2016Most progressives I know were against the war in Iraq. One of the worst foreign policy blunders in the history of the United States.  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) February 3, 2016Fair points, but why do they have to be couched in the context of a purity test?It appears as if Sanders is taking on both the Clinton machine, the Democratic Party establishment and anyone who doesn t qualify as  progressive  in his view   ejecting them from his exclusively progressive club. It s difficult to see how this helps to build a unified, big-tent coalition necessary to not only win the nomination but, more importantly, the general election.One last thing. It s entirely possible that Clinton believes she s a progressive. The term is fluid enough to apply, even though she likely adopted the term in an attempt to win over voters to her left. But wasn t part of the point of a Sanders candidacy to influence the so-called moderate Democrats to do exactly what Clinton is doing   to be influenced by the strength of the Sanders message and to be pulled leftward? If so, he s clearly been successful at doing so. If he d rather not pull center-left Dems leftward, then he should say so. But he can t have it both ways. Featured image via video screen grab.",0
8355, Watch Pres Jimmy Carter Go Beast Mode On Republican Candidates (VIDEO),"Former president Jimmy Carter denounced what he called the  legal bribery afflicting our political system, turning the presidential race into one that is influenced by a few billionaires, lobby groups, and corporate oligarchs who sponsor candidates by giving billions in exchange for influencing the candidates  policy platform. In an interview with the BBC, Carter said: The erroneous ruling of the Supreme Court, where millionaires and billionaires can put in unlimited amounts of money in to the campaign, it gives legal bribery a chance to prevail, because almost all the candidates, whether they are honest or not, Democrat or Republican, rely on these massive amounts of money in order to campaign. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZFc1QqRbbQ] President Carter has a very important point and one that should be taken into account: The democracy of the country is threatened and eroded when an elected official, especially a president, owes a handful of individuals who finance his/her presidential campaign favors.Take for example, the NRA. The NRA is a very well funded and organized lobby group that lobbies Washington officials in favor of lax guns laws. That, in turn, means easier access to guns, which translates into sales. Some people get rich as a result of gun sales, but the country collectively suffers, as has been documented, with record numbers of shootings around the country.Another example is individual donations. Republican candidate Marco Rubio s sponsor, the billionaire Norman Braman, has donated $15-25 million to Rubio s campaign. Braman is staunchly pro-Israel and has financed the building of settlements in the Palestinian West Bank. Israeli settlements are illegal under international law, and US policy condemns settlement building in the West Bank. Yet, you can bet that if Rubio should become president, Braman will cash in his chips by ensuring that Rubio goes along with Israel s illegal activities. In the end, we will continue to have a mess in the Middle Eat, which hurts the region and the United States.The bottom line is that billions of dollars are being spent by candidates to win the presidency and much of that money comes from a few individuals. The only way to change that is to create a constitutional amendment that overturns the Citizens United Supreme Court ruling that allows individuals and corporations to contribute unlimited sums to political races. Until we do this, a small number of individuals and corporations will continue to exert undemocratic influence over our country. Featured image from YouTube via screenshot",0
8356, What Obama Said At His First Mosque Visit Will Drive The Right Insane (VIDEO),"President Obama paid the first visit to a U.S.-based mosque and made a stirring call to unity between Islam and America s other major religions. In his visit to the Islamic Society of Baltimore in Maryland, Obama cut through a lot of conservative Republican rhetoric about the role of Islam in America. Muslim Americans keep up safe,  Obama told the audience, crediting the contributions Muslims have made to communities.  They are our police. They are our fire fighters. They re in (the Department of) Homeland Security. President Obama has had to repeatedly, patiently explain during the course of his presidency that the United States is not at war with Islam, but in fact relies on practitioners of the faith to serve side by side in the war against international terrorism.By contrast, Republican conservatives have constantly demonized Islam, acting as if its followers are monolithically pro-terrorism, when in reality the violent acts have been carried out by an extremely small sect. Top tier Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has gone the furthest, calling for a Muslim registry and a ban on Muslim travel to the country.In the speech today, President Obama explained: We are one American family. We will rise and fall together. He specifically spoke out to young Muslim Americans, who may feel lost and shunned thanks to extremist right-wing rhetoric about their faith: You re right where you belong. You re part of America too. In the speech, Obama also called on the media to do more to include Muslims in films and television shows, pointing out that Muslims shouldn t just be cast in roles about terrorism, but rather in roles that reflect their diverse standing in American life. The President pointed out that this has been done before, as there once were not many portrayals of black Americans in film/tv.Featured image from YouTube",0
8357, Ted Cruz Very Sorry He Cheated His Way To Iowa Win (VIDEO),"On Tuesday, the day after he won the Republican Party s Iowa caucus, presidential hopeful Ted Cruz admitted that his campaign had sent out an email alert implying that political rival Ben Carson was dropping out of the race.The email warned that Carson was leaving the campaign trail after Iowa, and said that he would be making a formal announcement next week. Recipients of the email were instructed to spread this lie among Carson supporters during the caucuses. Please inform any Carson caucusgoers of this news and urge them to caucus for Ted Cruz. Even a broken clock is right twice a day.As Addicting Info reported here on February 2, Ben Carson told his supporters in a speech on caucus night: For months, my campaign has survived the lies and dirty tricks from opponents who profess to detest the games of the political class, but in reality are masters at it. On Tuesday, Cruz sort of apologized for the deceptive emails, claiming it was all just an innocent mistake on the part of his campaign staff.According to Cruz s statement, circulating false rumors as  breaking news  is  fair game,  while circulating the truth just wasn t a priority.Last night when our political team saw the CNN post saying Dr. Carson was not carrying on to New Hampshire and South Carolina, our campaign updated the grassroots leaders just as we would with any breaking news story. That s fair game.What the team should have done is send around the follow-up statement from the Carson campaign clarifying that he was indeed staying in the race when that came out.That was a mistake from our end, and for that I apologize to Dr. Carson.Ted s apology also didn t explain why Carson s follow-up statement, which made it clear that he was not dropping out of the race, wasn t seen as a  breaking news story,  by the Cruz campaign. But I think we can figure that out for ourselves.Carson wasn t the only candidate to be dogged by dirty republican politics during the Iowa caucuses.A post circulated on social media claimed that Jeb Bush was paying people $25 an hour to fill seats during the caucus.In Des Moines and need some quick money apparently Jeb Bush will pay you to listen to him. pic.twitter.com/NXExjSAB64  Jeff Sadosky (@JeffSadosky) February 1, 2016During Bush s Iowa rally, two men, who later claimed to be paid actors, stood up and began loudly demanding payment for attending the event. We ve been here for two hours and we haven t been paid,  one said.Bush responded by having the men escorted out of the rally. Here s video of the men being escorted out, courtesy of the UK s Daily Mail.After the uproar died down, Bush asked the crowd,  Have the YR s (Young Republicans) gone yet?  He went on to tell the audience  That s what we used to do back in the day, we would come to other campaigns and do what they did. Good old GOP family values. Teach the kids how to lie, steal, cheat and con people in order to get what they want.As Jeb himself so plainly put it, following the caucus night debacle,  Those are the tactics  used by the republican party.And as Carson pointed out, the more they point fingers and accuse others of dirty politics, theFeatured image credit from Gage Skidmore via Flickr ",0
8358, Lewis Black SLAMS Cruz: He’s So Creepy That No One Notices He’s A Bully Too (VIDEO),"On Tuesday, Lewis Black appeared on Comedy Central s The Nightly Show to hype his ABC special, Madoff, but made sure to take the time to be his lovable, crotchety self. Black says that the most surprising news that arose out of the Iowa caucuses was that Ben Carson seemingly left all of his clothes in Florida and had to fly home to get them. What s surprising is that Ben Carson flew from Iowa to Florida to get a change of clothes,  Black said.  That kind of leads into the other thing   that someone really that batsh*t crazy could score 10 percent in Iowa. Though Black agreed with the rest of the panel that Marco Rubio poses the most severe threat to Hillary Clinton, but Black questioned his ability to actually be President, noting that much of his time in office would be  on the job training  as with Barack Obama   But host Larry Wilmore disagreed, noting that Republicans  racist opposition to every single one of the President s initiatives played a bigger role in stifling any progress Obama may have attempted to make. It was absolutely that, but also it was dealing with   it s the same position of a guy who s in the Senate who hasn t been in the Senate long enough,  But when Wilmore pointed out that Ted Cruz, whose daughter recently snubbed him as he attempted to orchestrate a warm family moment for the cameras, had a similar background to Rubio, it was on. Black pointed out that both Trump and Cruz are bullies, but Cruz is far too creepy to be recognized as just as big a bully as Donald Trump: Here s what Rubio s problem is right now   both Trump and Cruz are both bullies. So I think that they re going to kind of punch him. What I really find interesting about Cruz, after everything else, is that people don t seem to have noticed that he is a bully. Trump is an obvious bully. Cruz is the bully who acts weird, and he s acting weird all the time, and so you end up doing what the weird guy wants you to do so he ll stop acting weird. Trump is such an amazing overbearing asshole that we can t see how creepy Cruz is,  Wilmore added, with Black noting that there s a  touch of ferret  in Cruz s family.Cruz is remembered as the creepy guy in school. His former college roommate, Craig Mazin, is almost addicted to telling people about it on Twitter, noting that the presidential hopeful leaves behind a greasy film on whatever he touches. They even had a nickname for it    Cruhz.  He was also fond of hanging out near the women s restroom in a bathrobe for reasons we would rather not imagine.Of course, it could be said that Trump is creepy, as well, with his numerous remarks about how he wants to sleep with his daughter   and the insanely unsettling ways they pose for photographs, so Cruz does have some competition in that department. At least Cruz can say, completely honestly, that he doesn t want to sleep with his little girl.Watch Black lay the smack down, below:The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore Get More: The Nightly Show Full Episodes,The Nightly Show on Facebook,The Nightly Show Video ArchiveFeatured image via screengrab",0
8359, Another One Bites The Dust: GOP Candidate Hangs Up Presidential Run (VIDEO),"Another Republican has dropped out of the race. This time, it s  Kentucky Senator Rand Paul. In a released statement, Paul said: It s been an incredible honor to run a principled campaign for the White House. Today, I will end where I began, ready and willing to fight for the cause of Liberty. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08M7ASDe7F8]The self -described libertarian-ish  Paul touted himself as an alternative to establishment Republicans, marketing himself as a grassroots guy.However, Paul finished 5th place in the Iowa caucuses and and although he was one of the first to announce his candidacy, his campaign never gained any traction. Since the beginning of his candidacy, polls consistently showed Paul in the back of the pack. Paul always failed to break away from Ben Carson, Donald Trump, Marco Rubio, and even the lowly Jeb Bush.Paul struggled to raise money from both large and small donors, resulting in a cash strapped campaign that was never able to spend and then replenish through donors, whether big or small. His ideas of a non-interventionist and non-violent approach in U.S. foreign policy apparently didn t sit well with Republicans. Ted Cruz, the guy who plans on killing lots of folks, especially in the Middle East, is the current front runner for the Republican nomination.Featured Image Via Wikimedia Commons",0
8360," Loser Trump EXPLODES On Twitter, Claims Ted Cruz ‘Illegally Stole’ Iowa (TWEETS)","When Donald Trump stepped on the stage in Iowa Monday night, we almost thought he might behave like an adult after being defeated by Ted Cruz. He gave a very, very short speech (a strange breath of fresh air after Rubio s), and stayed pretty upbeat and positive   until Tuesday.The day after his loss Trump started tweeting whining about losing. In one tweet he claimed that the people of Iowa didn t appreciate that he hadn t taken money from super PACS. He even implied that he was wasting his money by self-funding his campaign.On Wednesday morning, Trump continued his temper tantrum and tweeted that Cruz  stole  the caucus. Ted Cruz didn t win Iowa, he illegally stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong any why he more votes than anticipated. Bad! Shortly after the tweet went out, he deleted it and posted one that left the word  illegally  out.Ted Cruz didn t win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2016But he couldn t leave it at just one tweet, he kept going:During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that @RealBenCarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2016 Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2016The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2016 And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and  choice    a total lie!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2016Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2016The butthurt is so strong there.He is acting exactly the way we thought he would act if he lost, only it s even more pathetic than we could imagine. Instead of behaving like an adult and moving on, he is literally acting like a raging toddler. Ted Cruz came out on top because the Republicans in Iowa are  ber conservative   Trump is not. Perhaps he also lost because of his brilliant dumbass decision to skip the last debate (over more hurt feelings).Whatever the reason, voters are not going to look at his recent behavior and think, Yep, this is the guy we want with the nuclear codes. This meltdown is just solidifying the fact that he definitely doesn t belong in the White House. Featured image from Rolling Out ",0
8361, Ted Cruz Was Snubbed For A Job In The Dubya Administration–You’re Gonna LOVE The Reason,"It s no secret that nobody likes Ted Cruz.. He s an arrogant, self-important elitist who believes he speaks for God himself. His face is one of the most punchable on the planet and his screechy voice makes you cringe with disgust. When he starts on one of his  righteous  rants you can t help but hope a light fixture falls on his head, leaving him forever incapable of speaking.Donald Trump wasn t kidding when he said that everyone in congress hates Ted Cruz. Cruz refuses to deal or compromise within his own party, nevermind across the aisle. A Cruz presidency would be nothing short of a disaster for this country.That s today s perspective. Today, we know all about the whiny toddler that is Ted Cruz. But what about his past? Is he somehow new to the idea of being hated? According to an article in Mother Jones, apparently not:A prominent aide to George W. Bush s 2000 campaign could barely contain himself when we asked him to discuss Cruz, who worked in the campaign s policy shop. This person described Cruz as hyper-arrogant and widely despised, and he emphasized over and over that the pervasive dislike of Cruz within the Bush ranks had nothing to do with ideology. (Cruz, he noted, never objected to Bush s call for compassionate conservatism, immigration reform, and national education standards, and no one on the campaign regarded him as an ideologue.) The problem was simple: his personality.So before Ted Cruz took on the role of ultra-conservative nutbar teahadist, he was a moderate conservative inside the Bush/Cheney 2000 campaign. As the aide inside the campaign tells it, Cruz isn t just a big jerk now, he was a big jerk then: Ted thought he was an expert on everything,  says this campaign veteran, who asked not to be named.  He was a smart and talented guy, but completely taken with himself and his own ideas. He would offer up opinions on everything, even matters outside his portfolio. He was a policy guy, but he would push his ideas on campaign strategy. He would send memos on everything to everyone. He would come to meetings where he wasn t invited and wasn t wanted. He sounds a lot like that guy who shows up for the neighborhood cookout uninvited with a tin full of liver and onions and a six-pack for himself. Apparently, the best way to end a meeting was for Ted to walk in.  People wouldn t go to a meeting if they knew he would be there,  said the aide,  It was his inability to be part of the team. That s exactly what he was: a big a**hole. Well isn t that enlightening. Ted Cruz isn t just an a**hole, he s ALWAYS been an a**hole. His complete lack of personality and inability to maintain personal relationships came back to bite him, however, when he was denied a job in Bush s administration.. Nobody wanted to work with him. Imagine that.Ted Cruz took off for Texas where he could find the most ignorant constituents to pander to, managing to get himself elected on a Tea Party platform of stupidity and zealotry. Since Tea Partiers don t really count ass  people  per se, it s safe to say that Ted Cruz just might go down in history as the most hated man in history.Featured image from Gage Skidmore ",0
8362," Richard Dreyfuss Uses GMA Interview To Troll Dick Cheney, The Host Never Saw It Coming (VIDEO)","Legendary actor Richard Dreyfuss has been hitting the interview circuit to promote  Madoff,  a movie in which he stars as the infamous financial swindler. In an sit-down with Good Morning America, Dreyfuss took exception to the idea that Bernie Madoff, as bad as he was, should be considered the  most despicable man  in modern history. Dreyfuss had another, far more influential, man in mind.GMA host Amy Robach: You ve certainly played a lot of roles in your long career, but what was it like playing arguably the most despicable man in modern history?Dreyfuss: Actually, he s the second most despicable man because I ve already played Dick Cheney.Boom.The host, probably told repeatedly by producers to keep it light and certainly not alienate Republican viewers, can barely contain her laughter despite her efforts.Dreyfuss went on to again clarify that Bernie Madoff is the  second  worst real-life person he s played, but that he loved playing both the disgraced investor and the disgraced former vice president.By this point, the host is cracking up. You can actually hear others on the set laughing as well. Robach tells Dreyfuss,  I m recovering from that last response right now. Dreyfuss isn t exactly overstating things when he points out that Cheney is far worse than Madoff. Setting aside the level of moral failings that led Cheney to involve America in a disingenuous war in Iraq and his full-throated defense of torture, Cheney also gave rise to people like Madoff by consistently advocating for deregulation of financial institutions.Madoff, to be sure, was reprehensible. He stole around $20 billion from investors using a complicated Ponzi scheme. He ultimately cost his victims around $65 billion before going to prison. On the other hand, Cheney s boss, George W. Bush, oversaw the largest financial collapse since the Great Depression. All in all, there really is no comparison.Watch Dreyfuss s hilarious interview with GMA s Robach below:Feature image via YouTube",0
8363, Jesus Appears On Kimmel To Read GOP Quotes And It’s Gloriously Awkward (VIDEO),"Republicans often claim Jesus as one of their own, but if you read what Jesus said in the Bible, it s clear that Jesus is nothing like them.And Jimmy Kimmel demonstrated that even further on Tuesday night by bringing a guy dressed as Jesus on the stage to read quotes uttered by Republican presidential wannabes.As Jesus read the quotes, it became increasingly awkward. After all, we ve read the words of Jesus, but hearing him say things that seem contrary to his message slammed home the point that none of the GOP candidates practice what Jesus preached.Here are just a few of the quotes recited. You don t lock your doors because you hate people on the outside. You lock the doors because you love the people on the inside.  ~Marco Rubio We need appropriate vetting, and I don t think orphans under five are being you know, you should be admitted into the United States at this point.  ~Chris Christie You don t stop bad guys by taking away our guns, you stop bad guys by using our guns.  ~Ted Cruz I would bomb the sh*t out of them!  ~Donald Trump When you get these terrorists, you have to take out their families! They care about their lives, don t kid yourselves. They say they don t care about their lives. But you have to take out their families.    Donald Trump I ll take the votes of everyone who loves machine guns and bacon!  ~Ted CruzHere s the video via YouTube.Yeah, that s a long way from what Jesus has said. The servant is not greater than his lord; neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him.  ~Jesus in John 13:16 Judge not, that ye be not judged. For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged: and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again.  ~Jesus in Matthew 7:1-2 Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God.  ~Jesus in Matthew 5:9 But whoever has this world s goods, and sees his brother in need, and shuts up his heart from him, how does the love of God abide in him?  ~Jesus in 1 John 3:17 Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.  ~Jesus in Matthew 11:28 For I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink: I was a stranger, and ye took me in: Naked, and ye clothed me: I was sick, and ye visited me: I was in prison, and ye came unto me. Then shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, and gave thee drink? When saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in? or naked, and clothed thee? Or when saw we thee sick, or in prison, and came unto thee? And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.  ~Jesus in Matthew 25:34-40Clearly, Jesus and the Republican presidential candidates are nothing like each other. Feature image via screenshot",0
8364, ‘Good Guy With A Gun’ Threatens To Shoot McDonald’s Drive-Thru Worker (VIDEO),"Not a day goes by when a prominent figure on the Right doesn t remind us that  good guys with guns    basically anyone carrying a firearm at any given moment   will act as our saviors whenever a  bad guy  threatens. These glorious figures, Sent from God herself,  act as paladins of justice, dispensing it in the form of hot pieces of lead at a speed of 2,500 feet per second. Unfortunately, at a moment s notice, someone thought to be a  good guy  could easily reveal himself to be anything but that.Police in Murray, Utah were called after a McDonald s drive-thru customer pulled a gun out and threatened to shoot employees. The unidentified man can be seen on video arguing with an employee. At first, a white Subaru Outback can be seen pulling away, but the vehicle stops about 40 feet from the window. Three men exit the car and the driver of the vehicle walks back to the window, pointing his gun inside. I don t need this,  the gunman yelled, apparently failing to realize that he probably didn t need to bring a Second Amendment Solution to an argument over food.Fortunately, one of his friends pulls him away before he has a chance to open fire. It makes you think, if he was going to shoot one person, how do we know he wasn t going to jump through and do the rest,  employee Michela Spikes told FOX13.  I ve got a 15-month-old son I got to think about. Watching the video, she remarked that it   looks like he was actually serious about to do something  right before the man in the gray-hooded sweatshirt pulls the angry ammosexual away from the confrontation.It s nice to think that the average human is responsible enough to carry around a weapon that can end numerous lives in seconds. Unfortunately, all too often guns are used to resolve minor conflicts, to chase down shoplifters, end abortion forever, solve disputes over roadkill, express displeasure at getting stuck behind a snow plow during a blizzard, or check who s downstairs. Everyone wants to think of themselves as a  good guy.  In fact, in many situations, the  bad guy  still views himself as the opposite. Think about it: the average man can t be trusted to put the toilet seat down reliably, and we re trusting him to carry around something that gives him the power to decide life or death? [Author s Note: If you accept this as a scientific argument, you re an idiot.]A study published in the American Journal of Public Health notes that for  each percentage point increase in gun ownership, the firearm homicide rate increased by 0.9%.  Researchers could not determine causation, but  found that states with higher rates of gun ownership had disproportionately large numbers of deaths from firearm-related homicides. Of course, it s also important to consider that the presence of a gun in the first place increases the likelihood of this sort of incident. Guns not only permit violence, they can stimulate it as well,  Leonard Berkowitz, Emeritus Professor of Psychology, University of Wisconsin, said after conducting a 1967 study on the effect of weapons on aggression.  The finger pulls the trigger, but the trigger may also be pulling the finger. Psychology Today notes:In 1967, Leonard Berkowitz and Anthony LePage conducted a fascinating study. First, participants were angered by a person pretending to be another participant (called a confederate). Next, participants were seated at a table that had a shotgun and a revolver on it or, in the control condition, badminton racquets and shuttlecocks. The items on the table were described as part of another experiment that the researcher had supposedly forgotten to put away. The participant was supposed to decide what level of electric shock to deliver to the confederate who had angered them, and the electric shocks were used to measure aggression. The experimenter told participants to ignore the items on the table, but apparently they could not. Participants who saw the guns were more aggressive than were participants who saw the sports items. This effect was dubbed the  weapons effect. Fortunately a  good guy without a gun  stepped in and prevented his friend from doing real harm.Watch a report on the incident below:Featured image via screengrab",0
8365, Trump Nominated For Nobel Peace Prize Despite Being Most Bigoted Kid On Playground,"Seldom in life are there truly head scratching moments that make you question all life and sanity, but Donald Trump being nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize is definitely one of those moments. And no, this isn t satire.According to the announcement of those who have been nominated: US Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump has also been nominated for the prize, according to Nobel watcher Kristian Berg Harpviken, the director of the Peace Research Institute of Oslo.According to a copy of the nomination letter Harpviken said he had received, brash tycoon Trump   who has attracted international condemnation by calling for a ban on Muslims entering the United States   deserves the prize for  his vigorous peace through strength ideology, used as a threat weapon of deterrence against radical Islam, ISIS, nuclear Iran and Communist China . However, it was definitely made known that anyone can be nominated, so his nomination is not indicative of his actual actions and behavior. Thousands of people around the world are allowed to make nominations for the Peace Prize, including members of parliament and government ministers, former laureates and some university professors.The Nobel Institute accepts all valid nominations, so having one s name on the list is not to be taken as a sign of approval. Further proof that anyone, and I mean anyone, can be nominated can be found in the fact that right-wing radio host Rush Limbaugh was also nominated many years ago.Clearly, Trump shouldn t be a top contender considering his play for peace is through hate and war. Which, of course, in fancy-speak would sound something like  vigorous peace through strength .. but no, it s rather sanity through means of insanity, and it doesn t add up.Other nominees include  Germany s Angela Merkel, Pope Francis, and the Greek islanders who helped desperate migrants.  Edward Snowden, the man who leaked intel for the sake of fame reform is also a contender.At the end of the day, anyone can be nominated, but it doesn t mean that they ll win. However, the fact that Trump was even nominated is terrifying in and of itself. We ll find out this October who actually takes home the prize. Hopefully, it will go to someone most deserving. Featured image: Flickr",0
8366, Nazi-Ranting Man Accosts MSNBC Host At Iowa Caucus,"A man ranting about Nazi Germany had a strange encounter with MSNBC host and college professor Melissa Harris-Perry at the Iowa caucuses this week. Perry was with some of her students in a hotel lobby in Des Moines where a man she doesn t remember ever speaking to came up to her and began speaking, oddly acting as if they were in mid-conversation.Harris-Perry wrote about the odd incident on her website.When he started he speaking it was like he was picking up in the middle of sentence, finishing a conversation we had begun earlier, but I couldn t remember ever meeting him. So what is it that you teach? I am a professor of political science. My wife is a professor of communications. Does she teach here in Iowa? What I want to know is how you got credentialed to be on MSNBC. I am not sure if it is how he spat the word credentialed, or if it is how he took another half step toward me, or if it is how he didn t respond to my question, but the hairs on my arm stood on end. I ignored it. Told myself everything was ok. Well. It is not exactly a credential  I began. But why you? Why would they pick you? Perry said the man now sounded angry and began to get closer to her. As the victim of a previous violent crime, she became more upset and agitated at the provocation. The situation escalated:I freeze. He speaks. And moves closer. Is there a knife under the coat? A gun? Worse?And I can t hear all the words. But I catch  Nazi Germany  and I catch  rise to power.  But I can t move. I am lulled by a familiar powerlessness, muteness, that comes powerfully and unexpectedly. It grips me. Everything is falling away. Until in my peripheral vision I catch sight of a ponytail, the movement of an arm, the sound of familiar young voices and I remember  my students.She jumped up and rejoined her students, telling the hotel authorities about the bizarre encounter, though they don t appear to have taken any action.While he only got second place in the caucuses, Donald Trump s campaign has made an appeal to extremist racists and bigots, speaking in a racist manner that was previously only done behind closed doors. Now they re coming out into the light, and apparently trying to intimidate progressive figures like Harris-Perry, who have often been the target of attacks and ridicule by conservative and conservative media outlets like Rush Limbaugh and Fox News.Featured image via YouTube",0
8367," Tenn Republican Flips Out, Calls Female Reporter A ‘B*tch’ Over A Taxpayer Funded $614 Picture Frame","A Tennessee Republican has quit his job after he flipped out on a reporter who wanted to know why he was spending taxpayer money on lavish treats for himself.Ron Buchanan, the GOP election commission chair for Davidson County had a run in with WSMV-TV reporter Alanna Autler, last Friday. The reporter asked him to explain a $123 dollar charge for a dinner in Nashville last June. Buchanan, clearly not happy that he was being called out for his spending said, That charge was for a business meeting to discuss the budget on June 30 when the budget was approved July 1 and it was a very legitimate purchase. Autler asked him why he didn t go to a less expensive restaurant and he replied, That s it,  and started to walk away. Unperturbed by his briskness, the reporter asked about a large picture frame that was bought with the county credit card: Can you explain the picture frame that was $614? This is when the Republican got really pissed off and responded by calling her a vulgar name: That s it. That s exactly the b*tch I thought you would be. Autler asked him to repeat himself, You want to say that again, Mr. Buchanan?  When she asks him that, a commission spokesperson gets in between the two.  She asks, Do not touch me. Do you want to say that again for the camera? Buchanan then storms into another room to get away from her. After the interview was aired the Republican  apologized,  but not really: I should not have used that terminology, but as the media has the freedom of press, individuals have the freedom of speech. And I can tell her what I think about her. And I did that, and I don t apologize for it. There are people that don t think I should have done it and that it hurts politics in this area, and so be it. The irresponsible, abusive man resigned shortly after and Nashville Mayor Megan Barry (D) has revoked the county credit card until an audit can be performed.Republicans pride themselves on their fictional  fiscal conservatism,  so it s always amusing when they are exposed for the liars that they really are. This jackhole was so angry that he was called out for his exorbitant spending that he had an on camera temper tantrum. It reminds me of when congressional Republicans complain about social programs while funneling trillions of dollars into the military industrial complex. It s obvious that the GOP sucks at governing on EVERY level.Watch the interview:// < ![CDATA[ WSMV Channel 4 // ]]&gt;",0
8368, ‘Christian’ Dad Beat Daughter With Frozen Bacon While Quoting Bible — For Jesus,"It s always amazing how many folks who claim to be Christians are exactly nothing like Jesus. On Tuesday, an 11-year-old Michigan girl burst into tears intermittently as she testified in court that her father, 45-year-old Jonathan A. Powell,  beat her with frozen bacon as he quoted the Bible.In January, the girl and her sister went to stay with Powell at his home for the weekend when her father, for one reason or another, decided to dish out some good, old-fashioned Biblical punishment. He was hitting me with his elbows, his upper arms, and his hands,  the girl said while describing an assault that began in the kitchen, adding she didn t know why he had decided to beat her Her father pulled bacon from the freezer and began hitting her over the head with it: He was hitting me with frozen bacon and he was pushing me back and I fell right over the dishwater. I broke it. He was just yelling that the dishwasher was broken. The girl retreated to the bedroom, but the assault continued: I ran over to my room and my sister was asking me what was wrong. I was in my room for a while. I heard him swearing, saying,  You B-word, you broke my dishwasher.' Her father began banging on her door, the girl recalled as she burst into tears. She explained that Powell entered her room and pulled on the bed, causing her to hit her head on the wall. He then  threw a tantrum  and began hitting her with his hands and arms, bloodying her nose. This new assault, which lasted approximately 10 minutes, was justified with the Bible: He said,  It s OK to do that, it s from the Bible   if you spare the rod, you spoil the child.  He just said that. Or, in this case,  bacon  rather than  the rod. She says she then texted her mother and let her know she wanted to go home early, but Powell refused to take her home until she finally told her mother what had been done to her. The mother contacted the police, who took photographs that showed injuries to the side of her face.Powell is charged with one count of third-degree child abuse, for which he faces up to two years in prison   where he ll have plenty of time to pray about what he did.Featured image via Michigan Live",0
8369, McConnell Lets Slip Republicans Plan On Doing Nothing In 2016 And The Reason Is Infuriating,"If you ever find yourself struggling to explain to a foreign friend why the U.S. Congress is so universally reviled, look no further than this bit of political cowardice.In an explosive report by The Hill s Alexander Bolton, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell s office freely and openly admitted that his party s legislative goal for the next 11 months is to do absolutely nothing.Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), seeking to protect his majority in a tough cycle for Republicans, is leaning toward holding back several measures that have bipartisan support but are divisive in his conference.Some of these  divisive  bills that Republicans want to shove under the rug until they win their re-elections? A crucial justice reform bill. A long sought after authorization bill to combat ISIS (Remember when Republicans said they were serious about fighting terrorism? Ha!). A minimum wage increase? Any action on immigration? Nothing. They ll show up to their office to collect their paychecks, hold a few fundraisers, but don t expect them to do their jobs. Not this year.Astoundingly, McConnell s  Do Nothing  strategy is being praised by fellow Republicans. Here s The Hill again: McConnell is smart to wait on issues that divide us until such time as we can achieve a consensus,  said a senior Republican aide.  There s no question that some members want to turn to some things sooner than others. But McConnell s duty is to do what s best for the entire conference. Seems what s best for the conference is to focus on the things that unite us. Yeah, sitting on his hands until they go numb, what a hero.But if cowardice permeates every corner of the Republican Party, it s not without reason. For years Republican politicians have been held hostage by a radical fringe of their base that says any bipartisan cooperation means you aren t a  true  conservative. Just passing a bill to give more support to veterans is considered a  betrayal  to the party if it means working with Democrats. You accomplish exclusively conservative goals or you don t accomplish anything at all.McConnell, with all the backbone of a snail, isn t taking any chances. He ll wait out the election and hope that voters focus on how his party never once compromised with  the enemy,  and not, say, on the fact that they hadn t done their jobs for 12 months.How does he plan to cover his tracks? It s shameless   but kind of clever. McConnell plans to intentionally slow down and string out the dozen annual appropriations bills. Those can be addressed individually and, if time is properly squandered, can go on pretty much indefinitely. By the end of the year, with 12 appropriations bills in hand, he can brag about having done something. Just not very much.When we think about how the election cycle brings out the worst in politicians, we typically picture the attack ads, the rat race, the pettiness. There s another side: The craven attempt to cling onto jobs by a group of people who demonstrably do not deserve them. It means in this crucial year, when the United States faces a ton of major challenges, Americans will be treated to nothing   and all because a few politicians are worried what their most toxic supporters would think if they actually bothered show up to work.Feature image via Gage Skidmore/Flickr ",0
8370, Right-Wing Terrorist Found With Shrapnel-Filled Bombs Has A Facebook Page Filled With Crazy (VIDEO),"The Republican Party has spent more than seven years pushing anti-government ideas. After President Obama was elected in 2008, there was an explosion of right-wing domestic terror organizations in the USA. The Southern Poverty Law Center released a study that found these organizations experienced an eightfold growth from 2008 (149 groups) to 2012 s 1,360 radical militias. A young man in Tampa, Florida belonged to one of these  patriotic  militias and now he is in jail   for making bombs.A potential right-wing terrorist was arrested this week after his business partner reported that he d seen bombs inside his house. Kenneth Ray O Neill recently went to his partner Michael Ramos  home and saw a crate with about half a dozen pipe bombs in it. Ramos, who s a member of the United States Patriot Army,  told O Neill that he made the bombs from materials purchased on Amazon with his girlfriend s credit card. According to Fox 13 News:Ramos said he made the  black powder  filler with supplies and chemicals purchased from Amazon.com, then added  bird shot  to the powder. Written in the affidavit, Ramos said  it would kill the neighbors if one of the bombs went off. O Neill told police that he warned Ramos that if he did not get rid of the bombs, he was going to go to the police. Ramos became hostile when his partner and his brother, Ryan O Neill, issued the ultimatum. According to Kenneth, Ramos was standing next to an AK-47 assault rifle when the conversation took place. Ryan calmed Ramos down and the brothers left   that s when the authorities were informed.On Monday search warrants were executed on the  patriot s  home and agents found eight pipe bombs, tear gas and smoke grenades. They also found the AK-47, a pistol and a large quantity of ammo.After his arrest Ramos told police that he had the bombs for preparedness/protective  reasons.A look at Ramos  Facebook and you can see that he is clearly a nutjob: I m sure he s totally harmless and just needs security. Right.This is a common excuse among the insane right. They claim that they stockpile weapons because they need to protect themselves, but it s not exactly clear who they are protecting themselves from. If it s from Obama you have to wonder why? It s been seven years since he was elected to office and he has tried exactly zero times to take over the world and confiscate their guns.I imagine it is really hard to walk through life with so much fear .and stupidity. Thankfully, Ramos  business partner did the right thing and contacted police before someone was hurt. Featured image from Facebook",0
8371, The Website Loser.com Will Now Redirect You To Trump’s Wikipedia Page Following Iowa Loss (IMAGES),"After Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump suffered a truly embarrassing second-place loss to rival Ted Cruz in Iowa, the internet was quick to humble the usually overly-confident front-runner.On Tuesday morning, the website Loser.com joined those trolling Trump by hilariously redirecting its domain name to Trump s Wikipedia page   clearly rubbing it in considering Trump had been especially cocky about winning the Iowa caucus for several months.Trump s Wikipedia pageBrian Connelly has been the domain s owner since 1995 and has routinely been using it to mock whoever happens to deserve it based on current events in the news. This particular redirect, as almost anyone with half a mind would agree, was certainly well-earned.Licking his wounds, Trump was also busy on the internet on Tuesday. He went into recovery mode by spending his entire morning reaming and blaming voters for his loss in Iowa. Shaming both voters and media alike, Trump tweeted: I don t believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not worth it! The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history! In all honesty, Trump s loss to Cruz was so much celebrated by the internet and social media, that one of Trump s own tweets from 2014 was repurposed for an entirely appropriate revival:Trump twitterAnd brilliantly enough, one other website has joined in the redirecting fun after the caucus: the website nobodyrememberswhocameinsecond.com is now leading people to a particularly unflattering YouTube video of Trump.This devastating loss in Iowa has definitely had an effect on Trump. Now moving onto the New Hampshire primary, Trump s previously unshakeable confidence seems to be somewhat deflated. Clearly missing half the ego he used to speak with, Trump said, I think we re going to be proclaiming victory, I hope. Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
8372, This Ego-Killing Jeb Bush Infographic Shows How Expensive It Is For Billionaires To Back Losers,"Jeb Bush was supposed to be the adult among the children in the 2016 Republican presidential primaries. He was even considered the inevitable nominee by some, particularly due to his fundraising capability. They sure were wrong, as you will see below.Jeb never really caught fire among voters, but somehow he did among billionaires and other corporate interests looking to pen a 4-year lease on an American president. Jeb had a total of $155.6 million raised for his presidential bid as of February 1st, 2016. $31.9 million was by him directly, with nearly $124 million more by PACS. On the night of the first caucus in the nation, he had spent a total of $24.3 million   about $14 million of it in Iowa alone.For all the inevitability his money supposedly ensured, Jeb ended up with a humiliating 2.8 percent portion of the vote during the Iowa Republican Caucus. This worked out to just over a measly 5,000 votes, which netted him one whole delegate. Ouch. Going with just the Iowa money for the ad-buys leading up to the caucus, Jeb ended up paying about $2,800 per vote.Dang, Jeb. https://t.co/RGVSCgsJaL pic.twitter.com/6tJjkEZMZS  Christopher Ingraham (@_cingraham) February 2, 2016To put this into context, Ted Cruz spent under $250 dollars per vote he received, and Trump spent even less. The pair claimed both first and second place at the end of the night. This begs the question,  Have we hit the limit of how much money is able to influence an election?  While you can t deny the effect that vast sums of corporate money have in politics, all the money in the nation won t polish everyone to an acceptable level of shine. Jeb is an embarrassing example of that in the 2016 election cycle.While technically Jeb has a possibility of finding new footing for himself in New Hampshire, the likelihood of a campaign resurrection is low. Trump is looking far stronger there with a 38 percent lead, as Cruz comes in second at 12 percent. Jeb is in the rear guard again at a weak 10 percent. He has the most money to burn, outside of Trump. Do you think it would help him at all, or is the Bush legacy too much of a curse for him to bear?Featured image from Flickr",0
8373, Sarah Palin Oddly Brings Up Justin Bieber During Abortion Talk – Watch Jake Tapper’s Face (VIDEO),"Sarah Palin is back at it again. Only this time, Jake Tapper was caught in her crosshairs. While discussing Donald Trump s flip-flopping on the issue of abortion, Palin somehow was inspired to bring Justin Bieber into the debate. Let s just say CNN host Jake Tapper, wasn t exactly prepared for that. It took him completely off-guard.Here was their exchange, in part:Tapper: Donald Trump is somebody who clearly has had different positions on issues than he has today, including an issue very near and dear to your heart, the issue of abortion and life.Palin: I am so glad Trump has seen the light.There are groups that are pro-life; they are giving Trump a hard time on his views of abortion while they re celebrating others like, umm, I was going through a list, like Justin Bieber, and umm, gosh Tapper: Justin Bieber?Palin: Yeah, yeah .Pic via screen capture.We can only imagine what was going through his head when she said that. The expression on his face, though, was utterly PRICELESS. That much is for certain.So, why then, was Palin bringing up Justin Bieber? We were curious. We did some digging, and apparently the teen heartthrob made some past statements about  waiting until you re in love  before you do anything with a girl, and,  I don t really believe in abortion .It s like killing a baby.  He said that back in 2011. Why that s relevant, we still don t know.We re also not sure what s going through Donald Trump s head by his continuing to let Mrs. Palin stump for him. Why is she still doing interviews? Personally, we love it. We hadn t laughed this much since, well, when Trump began running. It s like every single interview is a skit straight out of Saturday Night Live. Laughter is the best medicine, they say.Featured image from screen capture.",0
8374, Sarah Palin Just Openly Admitted She Prefers Being Interviewed By Children Over The Press,"At this point, pretty much everyone knows that failed vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin hates the media. She hates being called out, and she hates being asked questions she just doesn t know the answer to   which is pretty much every question. She clearly gets embarrassed, and instead of owning up to the fact that she just simply doesn t know an answer, she blames the press for depicting her as a moron. Little does she know, she does that to herself.However, people with narcissistic personality disorder seldom see the error in their own ways and will often shift blame. You can see this with Donald Trump and in his new #1 fan, Sarah Palin. They only see themselves as perfect and anyone who dares make them look otherwise is clearly just wrong.Case in point: Palin, upon leaving Iowa, met up with some lovely students at the Des Moines airport. She could have just left it there and said something nice, but instead she had to throw a jab at the press calling them  media jackals.  She also openly admitted that she prefers being interviewed by these children over credentialed professional journalists.Palin wrote on Facebook (as she does): Willow and I find it nice to be stuck in Des Moines airport with great kids like this Santa Monica class that traveled to the Iowa caucus on a field trip. (Preferable to some media jackals weather-delayed in here, too. I asked a few of them to take lessons from these 6th graders.) Such polite students, asking the best questions about our political system! Told them it was the best interview of the week! // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Willow and I find it nice to be stuck in Des Moines airport with great kids like this Santa Monica class that traveled Posted by Sarah Palin on Tuesday, February 2, 2016And while some may say that going after her for this post is pretty petty, let s think about that for a second. Palin has consistently gone after the  lamestream media  for asking her  gotcha questions  all the time.  Gotcha questions  of course being questions she has no clue how to answer and doesn t want to be perceived as an idiot, so she flips the script back on those posing the question.It makes perfect sense that Palin would want to be interviewed by a bunch of 6th graders. Individuals that she may actually know more than   or at least they won t know when she s lying and making things up. Even better that they won t call her out. So, if Palin is going to make a point of telling the world that she prefers 6th graders over the  media jackals,  well, she deserves to be called out on it. She hates the media, because the media holds her accountable.Featured image: Flickr",0
8375, Poll Shows A Huge Chunk Of Federal Employees Would Quit Under Trump Presidency,"A huge number of federal employees wouldn t be able to stand their jobs if Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump won the next presidential election. According to a survey done by the Government Business Council, a quarter of government employees find Trump so unbearably repulsive that they would actually quit.The breakdown revealed that 14% of workers surveyed would definitely jump ship, and 11% stated that they d consider leaving their jobs   resulting in a potential 25% of federal employees terminating their positions. It could be disastrous, when you imagine all the government agencies   such as the post office and our VA system   which are normally understaffed to begin with   trying to function with 25% fewer people. The results of Trump s presidency could be damaging on every level.When broken down by party, 42% of Democrats said they d consider leaving, compared to just 8% of Republicans. The survey also revealed that regardless of their political party, almost 60% of federal employees admitted they d be  embarrassed  to call Trump their boss. This was much higher than any of the Democratic candidates such as Hillary Clinton (49%) and Bernie Sanders (37%).To make matters even more embarrassing for the GOP, survey participants were also asked how they felt about their current boss, President Barack Obama   and the majority (56%) of Democratic employees said they would be honored to support him for a third term (if he was permitted one).So while Donald Trump might continue to be popular in the polls, this study reveals that many Americans are still level-headed and quite humiliated by the idea that he might be given the chance to lead this country. You can t get a much clearer sign than 1 in 4 people quitting their jobs to demonstrate just how vile the idea of Trump in the White House is.This poll was conducted at the end of January, and used data from 688 federal employees with a margin of error give or take four percentage points. Of those surveyed, 42% called themselves Republicans, 31% identified as Democrats, while 8% said they did not know and 19% wouldn t state their party.Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
8376, Elizabeth Warren Has Some News As To Who She’s Endorsing,"If there s one person who is loved by all in the Democratic Party, it s Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren. Her no-nonsense attitude and get it done approach to policy and politics are things that cannot be matched. She is so loved that her endorsement of any particular candidate is one that is sought after and coveted.People have been waiting on pins and needles to see who Warren will endorse in the Democratic primary. Will it be Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton? And after the Iowa caucuses, where Hillary and Bernie were in a statistical tie, people would like to know now, more than ever, who she will pick in hopes that it will push one candidate ahead over the other.However, Warren, being the magnificent person that she is, is choosing to focus on the issues  and not to politicize things by muddying the waters with support for any one candidate, said: No endorsements now. I think that what the Democrats are doing is terrific. We re out talking about the issues. I look at the Republican debates and the difference between what they re doing and what the Democrats are doing that really shows who s on whose side. Warren knows that when you pick a particular side of the debate the message can sometimes be lost. Both Hillary and Bernie are talking about the economy. Both Hillary and Bernie are talking about making healthcare and college affordable. Both Hillary and Bernie are seeking to continue progress in the United States and not let the reins fall back in to the hands of Republicans. Warren is letting the issues be explored, and solutions be offered, while letting the people decide for themselves.Both candidates running would love a Warren endorsement. She s showed support for both Sanders and Clinton in their approach to Wall Street and what needs to be done. So, while many supporters of either candidate will love to say that she s  hinted  at one candidate or the other, cases can be made for both. So, like Warren said in regards to if she ll announce who she s endorsing,  we ll see.  And everyone knows that s code for,  I m not telling you either way. Featured image: Flickr",0
8377, Rubio Copied One Of Obama’s Most Famous Speeches – And Obama’s Speechwriter Just Called Him On It,"Marco Rubio may have come in third in the Iowa caucus behind both Ted Cruz and Donald Trump, but for reasons that remain unclear his team   and the media   are treating it like he just locked up the presidency. (Don t break out the champagne just yet, Rubio fans, third place finishers almost never end up winning the nomination.)But clearly thrilled with the narrative that he had pulled off a political upset by coming in third Rubio delivered a tone-deaf  victory  speech about how no one thought he could do it  come in third, that is. So this is the moment they said would never happen. For months, for months they told us we had no chance. For months they told us because we offer too much optimism in a time of anger, we had no chance. For months they told us because we didn t have the right endorsements or the right political connections, we had no chance. They told me that we have no chance because my hair wasn t gray enough and my boots were too high. To political insiders watching the speech, there was growing bafflement. Anyone with any familiarity with one of Obama s most iconic speeches   when he won the Iowa caucus in 2008, a very real upset   noticed immediately that Rubio was pretty much plagiarizing the sitting-president almost verbatim.Here s Obama s: They said this day would never come. They said our sights were set too high. They said this country was too divided, too disillusioned to ever come together around a common purpose. But on this January night, at this defining moment in history, you have done what the cynics said we couldn t do. Like any copy-cat, Rubio s version paled in comparison to the original. Obama s speech was forceful, aspirational, and concise. It set the tone for Obama s entire campaign. Here was an underdog who no one believed could do it, handily beating the favored choices. As a result, Obama s comments felt earned. Rubio is using a more  fake it til you make it  approach.Hilariously, Obama s former speechwriter was one of the people scratching their heads at Rubio s carbon copy. He scorched Rubio s campaign in a tweet.He could've at least thanked Obama for the opening line https://t.co/meP627U6pv  Jon Favreau (@jonfavs) February 2, 2016Obviously, Rubio couldn t thank Obama for giving him his speech. Rubio has, like all Republicans, continually bashed the president to score cheap political points. Ironically   and this really is shaping up to be the year that irony jumped the shark   Rubio may owe his entire presidential campaign to Obama s history-making one just eight years ago. Like Obama, Rubio is young and relatively inexperienced in national politics. He s considered a long-shot, but one who hopes to appeal to younger generations.However, before we start viewing Rubio as a conservative Obama, let s remember the things that separate the two: Obama was young, but he was also a great magnetic personality. The vibrancy of his campaign and his own charisma gave him a huge boost, where so far Rubio blends into the background of nearly every stage he takes. He also has a history of politically-motivated flip flops, a Romney-esque ability to change with the direction of the wind and come out looking like both a moral coward and a shameful opportunist.But perhaps the most telling sign of Rubio s paper thin comparison to Obama is the fact that he has so little to say that he needs to borrow the words of Obama just to have a coherent message at all. Obama   love him or hate him   was his own man, Rubio is whoever you want him to be. And that s pretty sad.Feature image via Flickr",0
8378, Here’s The Excuse Trump Made For Losing Iowa – Says Running No Longer ‘Worth It’ (IMAGES),"Donald Trump didn t exactly have the best showing in Iowa, at least, not for a guy who said just before the caucuses began that he would have a  tremendous victory.  He ended up finishing 2nd, a full 4 points behind Ted Cruz and ended up tying with Marco Rubio for seven delegates.While he didn t throw a huge tantrum on stage, he isn t exactly being that presidential about it, either. Behind the scenes you know he must be fuming mad. Rarely is he silent on Twitter, and after the loss he didn t tweet a word; there was just silence for 14 long hours. Losing Iowa finally brought Donald Trump back down to earth, and if you re able to gather anything from his latest tweet, it s that he doesn t handle losing very well. Instead of preparing himself for the oath of office, and acting presidential, he had to find a way to offer an excuse. And, boy did he.Pic via Twitter.Trump has been known for quite some time for saying anything and everything on the popular site, and normally we could care a less, but he needs to be called out for being a sore loser. Shortly afterwards, he also posted a cryptic message that made it seem like he wasn t as interested in running for president anymore. Really? Here was what he said, in part: I will keep doing, but not worth it! What exactly does this mean? It must mean he doesn t think running for president is worth it unless people give him credit for things. That, or self-funding his campaign isn t worth it enough for him to be president. Either way, if Trump doesn t self-fund his own campaign he d be beholden to outside groups and special interests, and has already said himself that he doesn t want that. So, according to his own rules, he has to fund his it. There s no other way according to him. And, to make matters worse, it s already been proven that he is, in fact, NOT self-funding his campaign. Go figure. So, what he says is not even true. For more on this, visit HERE. He s in this for the attention and nothing else. He could care a less about  Making America Great Again. Pic via Twitter.Here s news for you, Donald: being president is much harder than this. You don t give up after the first contest. And, you sure as heck don t complain. That  loser  front page cover from the New York Daily News must have really got to him.Featured image from Facebook",0
8379, FBI Joins Investigation Of Michigan’s Governor Rick Snyder Over Flint Water Crisis,"After months of people calling for the arrest of Michigan s governor Rick Snyder, the FBI is now getting involved with the ongoing criminal investigation into Snyder s possible culpability in the Flint water crisis.Gina Balaya, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney s Office in Detroit, told Reuters that Michigan prosecutors will be  working with a multi-agency investigation team on the Flint water contamination matter, including the FBI, the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, the EPA s Office of Inspector General   and the EPA s Criminal Investigation Division. In April 2014, Flint s emergency manager forced the city to switch from using Detroit s water system to using the Flint River for water. The decision to do so was touted as a means to cut costs for the city. It turned out to be a disaster. There is an unusual amount of salt in the Flint River. The river is also extremely contaminated. So when the salt began to corrode the pipes of Flint s water system, lead leaked into people s drinking water.One study found the pipe corrosion problem could have been solved for as little as $100 a day. Now it is estimated that it will cost up to $1.5 billion dollars to fix Flint s water system. There is legislation crawling through Congress that would provide Flint $600 million dollars to help repair Flint s water system.There has been massive outcry over the water system transition since day one. When evidence was shown that Flint s water had become contaminated, Snyder and the emergency manager choose not to act.The news that the FBI will be joining the investigation into the Snyder administration comes just one day before central figures are scheduled to testify before the U.S. House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. The Detroit News reports: Former Flint Emergency Manager Darnell Earley may refuse to testify before a U.S. House hearing Wednesday on the lead contamination of Flint s water supply, according to two congressional sources.Earley, the current emergency manager of financially ailing Detroit Public Schools, oversaw Flint when the decision was made in April 2014 to switch the city s drinking water supply to the Flint River.The other officials are Joel Beauvais, acting deputy assistant administrator of the Office of Water at the EPA; Miguel Del Toral, a water expert for the EPA s Midwest Region 5 Water Division; and Marc Edwards, professor of environmental and water resources engineering at Virginia Tech University, who discovered high lead levels in Flint s water. The FBI has not yet made a public comment on what federal laws the Snyder administration may have broken.One thing is for certain, Snyder and his cronies are not going to get themselves out of this mess with a slick public relations scheme. They seem to think differently, as Snyder recently hired two PR firms. People are calling for Snyder s arrest and this move from the FBI sends another signal that they might just get their way.Featured Image Credit: Michigan Municipal League via Flickr",0
8380, Michele Bachmann Confuses Direct-To-DVD Movie Plots With Reality In New Obama Antichrist Theory,"Picture it. A marginalized but divinely inspired individual (Michele Bachmann) makes the HUGE discovery that the Bible predicts a global conspiracy. It s engineered by the Antichrist (President Obama) to get the world to declare war on Israel, steal their energy and usher in the end of the world. Will Michele be able to beat the odds and save us all from destruction?SPOILER ALERT   She already did. It seriously sounds like the plot to a 99 cent movie in the discount DVD bin, but sadly it isn t anything so harmless. Right Wing Watch reported that America s most adorable prophetic savior, Michele Bachmann, announced how the Bible told her the Syrian civil war is just a false flag operation to cover up a plan by Obama to kick-start Armageddon. Bachmann also said that world leaders were set to grant  legitimacy to the Islamic State,  Russian and Iranian intervention in Syria was a setup to invade Israel by those nations and China will be helping Russia and Iran to help make sure it matches biblical prophecy better.Bachmann then linked this all to President Obama becoming the Antichrist by transforming into an  evil world leader  secretary-general of the United Nations. Bachmann was quoted as saying Obama would only  go into an empowered, powerful UN, that was powerful enough to see the United States come under the UN s authority. Since we won t be getting anything sensible out of Michele, Right Wing Watch thankfully found where she got her idea. It turns out it wasn t from the Bible but from a report in the right-wing rag Investor s Business Daily. IBD cited what may be a non-existent report from Al-Jarida that this is happening. Al-Jarida is the same publication that suggested Obama will shoot down Israeli aircraft if they try to attack Iran, so their credibility is dubious at best. Either way you look at it, it seems Michele saved the world yet again by letting Obama s secret out and ruining his plans.Listen to Michele Bachmann tell you about Obama, the Antichrist, and all that nonsense below:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/244927649  params= color=ff5500  width= 100%  height= 166  iframe= true  /]Featured image from Flickr",0
8381, Literally NOBODY Is More Upset About Trump’s Defeat In Iowa Than Ann Coulter (TWEETS),"Christian Conservative extremist and blowhard Ann Coulter took to Twitter after Donald Trump s surprise defeat in Iowa on Monday night, with a lengthy and hysterical rant that suggest literally nobody is more upset about this loss than her.Poor Ann Coulter. She s been having a fabulous time riding on Trump s coat tails these last few months, and then out of nowhere, defeat. Let s face it, her last brain cell died of loneliness some considerable time ago and she simply has neither the real nor emotional intelligence to deal with such a shock to the system. Plus, she has access to Twitter. Let the lunacy commence.She sowed a little lie ahead of time, just in case Trump did get a drubbing. Apparently, Fox News are trying to keep Trump out of the White House. You know, those liberal hippies at Fox!GOPs just show up & vote. Fox trying to suppress Trump vote by telling 1st time caucusers that GOPs bicker all nite. https://t.co/9UTwAGYpdf  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) February 2, 2016Then she spent some considerable time attacking Marco Rubio for coming such a close third to Trump. With Trump on 24% and Rubio on 23%, there was just 1% in it. Coulter refers to the son of Cuban immigrants as  the sweaty little Mario .Fox is slyly denigrating Cruz by ignoring him. IT APPEARS HE'S ABOUT TO WIN. But it's all hands on deck for the sweaty little Mario.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) February 2, 2016But although Trump lost, he won to the only people who matter to Ann Coulter. First, the evangelical Christians. Coulter wants a Christian Conservative champion in the White House, hence her denigration of Rubio and her reluctant acceptance of Ted Cruz as Plan B.CNN's John King just explained that TRUMP is winning the most heavily Evangelical areas of the state! GO CHRISTIANS!  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) February 2, 2016Not just Christians that Coulter prefers though is it? No, Coulter seems to think the ethnicity of voters makes the vote more powerful too.Trump is the leading GOP vote-getter tonight, among natural-born-American candidates.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) February 2, 2016Who are these  natural-born-American  candidates? The likes of Trump and Huckabee of course. To a thoroughbred racist like Coulter, Rubio, Carson and Cruz might well make themselves Evangelical enough, but they will never make themselves white enough. They just aren t good old-fashioned European immigrants to the United States, like the other children of immigrants in the race.So after a quick outburst of vitriol against Ted Cruz for winning and being a bit too Cuban and Canadian Has Cruz stopped speaking yet? I went out to get a sandwich 40 minutes in.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) February 2, 2016 she turned on the caucus itself.Yes, I can barely remember Reagan, Bush, McCain & Romney   all lost Iowa caucus, then became nominee (i.e. 1st!). https://t.co/o292AWWymj  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) February 2, 2016Finally this morning she was reduced simply to tweeting seemingly random numbers. To which some Twitter users had some brilliant responses.@AnnCoulter The number of babies you've eaten?  Donald J. Trump (@Re_lDonaldTrump) February 2, 2016 @AnnCoulter pic.twitter.com/Hj2DSD6Rk5  neilsaavy7099 (@714_319) February 2, 2016@AnnCoulter Is that the number of times you've pegged Hannity or the caliber of handgun you're going to use on yourself when Sanders wins?  Duke St. Rollins (@DukeStRollinsv2) February 2, 2016Sadly, not much sympathy around for Ann Coulter or her patron Donald trump this morning. But despite Coulter s bleating, choosing a Republican in this race is like choosing death by hanging, gas chamber or firing squad. You might have a personal preference, but every one of them is going to be fatal. The GOP s domination by extremist candidates is a death sentence, whichever candidate carries it out. Featured Image via Gage Skidmore (Flickr Creative Commons)/Gage Skidmore (Flickr Creative Commons)",0
8382," Fox News Yuks It Up, Taunts The Donald Over The Reason For His Iowa Loss","Donald Trump has been gallivanting across America for months now talking about his own popularity and boasting about poll numbers. He gave the impression that he was invincible and his bid for thew presidency infallible. There s one thing you can t take from Donald Trump: He s extremely confident.Regardless of how he performed in the polls up until about a week ago, Trump made a mistake that an unlikely enemy to a Republican, Fox News, couldn t help but gloat over. Whether you call it ego, narcissism, pride or the delusional rantings of a bloviating blowhard, Trump s decision to boycott the last GOP debate may have just jumped up and bit him on the ass.It was just the Donald missing in South Carolina. It was his supporters; the idiots who will clap and shout for him no matter how stupid he sounds, creating a mob mentality and increasing his popularity among the fools who vote Republican in this country. In his absence, Ted Cruz and his supporters were able to steal the show, catapulting his campaign to a win in Iowa Monday night.Fox wasted no time gloating about the fact that trump s little bout of butcher is most likely what handed him his first taste of defeat. Fox correspondent John Roberts told anchor Bret Baier that Marco Rubio s surge with people who were later in deciding who to vote for showed that Trump s refusal to be in the same room with Megyn Kelly probably cost him the win.Baier, being the good little puppet that he is, ran with that theory and began polling other Fox actors and actresses how they felt. Charles Krauthammer was hesitant to give all the credit to the skipped debate, adding that Rubio s performance was worthy of a bump, meaning he was watching a different debate than people who live in the real world. Rubio did nothing but yell generalities at the crowd in an attempt to seem less timid.Other Fox hosts were more eager to give their network at least some of the credit. According to Talking Points Memo:Baier floated the idea to conservative radio host Laura Ingraham, asking her to look  at the numbers and the surge that perhaps other candidates, Ted Cruz, Rubio had,  and weigh in on  the debate had any effect on these numbers? Baier presented the question to Fox News contributor Stephen Hayes as well, asking him if  can we definitively say that not going to the debate hurt Trump, a strategic error, that close? Pundit Kirsten Powers suggested that  Trump missed an opportunity to make his closing arguments  and  it looks like he s paying a price for it here. Fox News commentator Dana Perino argued that two polls that showed Rubio gaining traction were a  direct result  of the debate, comparing it to the last cycle, when  45 percent of people decided after the last debate in 2012. I think that looks like it could be true this time as well,  she said.While skipping the doom and gloom of a Fox News debate may not seem like a big deal to normal people, It certainly doesn t seem to have helped Donald Trump out at all.Featured image by Media Matters screen capture ",0
8383, This Photo Of Donald Trump And His Daughter Will Creep You Out (TWEET),"Donald Trump is definitely a controversial figure and his run for the Republican nomination for the presidency has been a source of revulsion to many as a result of his racist and misogynist ways. Well folks, get ready to be repulsed even more! Here s a photo of the Donald and his natural born daughter Ivonka in 1996:A picture of Donald Trump, with his daughter Ivanka, perched atop two concrete parrots having sex. pic.twitter.com/TFse8gM1An  Tim Ireland (@bloggerheads) January 31, 2016Now, there are several things that are clearly wrong with this photo that would cause an involuntary, forceful expulsion of the contents of one s stomach through the mouth.The most important reason: It s his daughter! Ivonka is sitting in between her dad s legs while he has his arms around her waist. This is not a photo of a loving father with his daughter. Rather, it s an older creepy looking dude with a very young woman.There are simply too many sexual messages in this photo that make it unnatural and wrong. For example, what the hell are those parrots in the photo doing? You guessed it, the big parrot is f***ing the little parrot!Ivanka Trump was born in 1981 and this photo was taken in 1996. That means that Ivonka was around 15 at the time the photo was taken. That means she s underage! Why would any parent allow his underage daughter to wear such an outfit knowing that millions of people will potentially see it? No responsible parent would do such a thing with his kid.Donald Trump has said some pretty creepy things about his daughter in the past. Here s what he said in 2006 on ABC s the View when the host asked him about how he would feel if Ivonka posed for Playboy: It would be really disappointing   not really   but it would depend on what s inside the magazine. I don t think Ivanka would do that, although she does have a very nice figure. I ve said if Ivanka weren t my daughter, perhaps I d be dating her. In 2003, Trump bragged about his daughter s body on the Howard Stern Show: You know who s one of the great beauties of the world, according to everybody? And I helped create her. Ivanka. My daughter, Ivanka. She s 6 feet tall, she s got the best body. She made a lot money as a model a tremendous amount. And this guy, folks, is leading the polls for the Republican nomination for the presidency of the United States. It tell us a lot about the Republican party.Featured Image Via Wikimedia Commons. ",0
8384, Ben Carson Has A Very Public Meltdown After Getting Trashed In Iowa (VIDEO),"It hasn t been a very good time for Ben Carson s campaign to become America s first Black Republican President. But his very public meltdown after getting trashed in Iowa might suggest that he has no place anywhere near the red button anyway.Carson crashed badly in Iowa, picking up just 9% of the vote, leaving him in fourth place behind Ted Cruz (28%), Donald Trump (24%) and Marco Rubio (23%). His explanation? According to Carson, it s all a big conspiracy to keep him out of the race for President. He told supporters in a speech which felt rather more like a public nervous breakdown: I was reasonably happy today until I discovered the dirty tricks that were going on. And people spreading rumors that I had dropped out and that people should caucus for somebody else,  he continued.  I mean, do you think that that is something that s acceptable? Apparently, Carson is arguing that people didn t vote for him because Ted Cruz told them not to.The candidate insisted his campaign was not over, and yet boarded an early flight home to Florida for  rest    meanwhile, the other candidates headed straight to New Hampshire or South Carolina to battle the next stage of the Primaries.So while his opponents were off developing their strategy for the next battleground states, Carson decided to write an email to his supporters, and continue his meltdown in public. For months, my campaign has survived the lies and dirty tricks from opponents who profess to to detest the games of the political class, but in reality are masters at it,  he wrote. Even tonight, my opponents resorted to political tricks by tweeting, texting and telling precinct captains to announce that I had suspended my campaign   in some cases asking caucus goers to change their votes. What is considerably more certain than this conspiracy theory, is that Mr. Carson will be making that exiting from the race announcement soon. Hopefully with a little more grace than he could muster in Iowa.  Featured Image via screen capture",0
8385, Donald Trump’s Hollywood Walk Of Fame Star Defaced With Brilliantly Appropriate Symbol (IMAGE),"Donald Trump is about as a racist as they come, no matter his claims to the contrary. His entire campaign has been a nod to the most vile elements of white supremacy and all manner of bigotry that the bowels of American culture has to offer. After all, he kicked off his circus of a campaign by declaring that  all Mexican immigrants are rapists, and later called for a ban on all Muslims entering the United States   even those who are citizens but simply traveling abroad.These examples are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to Trump s racist rhetoric, and some brilliant person decided to call Trump out for what he is in an amazingly brilliant way: by defacing his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame with a swastika. The vandalism apparently occurred on Friday and has since been cleaned up   but not before someone snapped a photo of it and uploaded it to social media site Reddit. Here is the image:Via RedditWhoever did this deserves a medal. Trump s rhetoric is definitely reminiscent of the tone that was the preamble for the horrors that occurred in Nazi Germany, and it needs to be called out for what it is.To the anonymous brave American who did this   sincerely, thank you.Featured image via video screen capture",0
8386, NY Daily News Mocks ‘Bozo’ Trump’s Iowa Caucus Defeat With Yet Another Brilliant Cover (IMAGE),"Donald Trump, who notoriously called people who finish in second place  losers,  just had his words come back to bite him in the ass, and, as could be expected, the New York Daily News was right there to give him some much deserved mockery. They referred to Trump as  Dead Clown Walking  in the headline, and went on to call him a  bombastic Bozo  in the article.The paper, which has become known for its brilliantly blunt covers, didn t cut Trump any slack at all. They called it like they saw it once agains, and ran an absolutely delicious cover depicting Trump as a clown. We all know that Donald Trump is far too thin-skinned to be running for any political office, much less that of the presidency, and will likely blow a gasket and throw his gazillionth childish Twitter tantrum, as he always does when anyone mocks or criticizes him. Without further ado, here is the brilliant cover:via NY Daily NewsThis is nothing less than absolutely perfect. Trump s campaign has turned an important part of the American political process for a major party into little more than a circus. That s why people are calling them the GOP Clown Car. That s exactly what they are, and Trump has been in the driver s seat the entire time, driving that car straight into a hell of humiliation. Trump s remarks afterward may have been humble, but there was also a touch of fear to them. He said he was  really honored,  and then remarked on going to New Hampshire: We love New Hampshire. We will go on to win New Hampshire, we will go on to win the nomination. He then seemed to admit that he may not win the general, and even mused about his post-defeat plans: Who knows, I think I might come back here [Iowa] and buy a farm. Watching this buffoon lose is just the most delicious brand of schadenfreude imaginable at this point in time, and I, for one, will make sure to pop plenty of popcorn in anticipation of the inevitable Twitter tirade that is just waiting to burst forth. Featured image from Gage Skidmore/Flickr",0
8387, Trump LOVES To Bash Second Place Finishers And The Internet Couldn’t Wait To Remind Him,"Donald Trump came in second place in the Iowa caucus, and while it may not seem like a bad position to be in, it s a disaster for his campaign. Trump has always positioned himself as a  winner  and painted everyone lower than him in the polls as  losers.  He used his supposed popularity in the polls to justify all manner of nasty hate speech and shameful policies. His entire candidacy is hinged on him being the  best.  And he just lost.Second place might as well be last place. And nobody seems to believe that more than Donald Trump   and the internet couldn t wait to remind him about it.During Trump s long, mind-numbing, career on Twitter, he s repeatedly recycled a favorite quote of his from Walter Hagen: No one remembers who came in second. He tweeted it in 2013, and liked it so much that he then tweeted it again in 2014.Needless to say, the silly message stuck in people s minds, especially tonight when Trump found himself falling short to his rival Ted Cruz by a considerable margin. He may very well become the second place finisher that no one remembers.LOVE THIS QUOTE Cited by The Donald, Especially Tonight: Think It'll Haunt His Campaign? #IowaCaucus #uspoli #Iowa pic.twitter.com/zGOt7GiUib  Jim Harris (@JimHarris) February 2, 2016It will be fascinating to see how Trump handles losing. If history is any indication, he ll react very poorly. Throughout his campaign, we ve seen that any time his poll numbers started to slide or another candidate started to emerge as a threat, Trump has lashed out with ugly aggression. In a telling example, Trump was very friendly with Cruz when Cruz had no chance, but as he established himself, Trump quickly turned on him   even going full-birther on the Canadian born senator.Even more embarrassing for Trump, his  No one remembers who came in second  tweet began going viral. Having been dormant for years, suddenly just after Trump s loss in Iowa, the 2013 tweet began getting thousands of retweets. No one remembers who came in second.    Walter Hagen  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 30, 2013Perhaps, that will be Trump s legacy. Paradoxically taken down by the very blustering egomania that gave him a platform in the first place. Trump has gained thousands of fans by loudly claiming he wasn t a loser   what happens when they start to wander if maybe he is one after all? Feature image via Gage Skidmore/Flickr",0
8388," ‘Responsible Gun Owner’ Road Rages, Threatens To Shoot Motorcyclist (VIDEO)","The National Rifle Association tells us that all we need to ensure our safety is a  good guy with a gun    a  responsible gun owner  who carries his weapon around with him, ready to leap into action at the drop of a hat and save the day when a  bad guy with a gun  causes trouble. Unfortunately, a  good guy  and  bad guy  with a gun look exactly the same until someone pulls out a weapon with nefarious intent.A Nevada man narrowly escaped an encounter with a good-guy-turned-bad-guy as he was riding his motorcycle with some friends along the highway. A man in a red pickup truck in a lane flipped a man who told KTNV he wishes to remain unidentified  the bird,  prompting the biker to confront him at a stop light. The man politely tapped on the window of the pickup truck in an effort to inquire as to what he did to enrage the men in the pickup truck. Unfortunately, there was no chance of diplomacy.As the passenger rolls down the window, he wells the driver Get that goddamn gun out, motherf*cker.  The driver, of course, listens. The driver immediately points the gun at the motorcyclist and demands,   Get the f*ck away from me. Asked why he flipped the motorcyclist off, the driver accuses a member of the group of wildly crossing through traffic  something that is not visible on the video the motorcyclist uploaded to YouTube. You re all about to f*cking get shot,  the passenger yells. Fortunately, no one was shot during the incident, and it is being investigated by the Henderson police. The motorcyclist says he regrets approaching the vehicle: No matter how big and bad you are or how much weight you lift, there s always somebody that s bigger and  badder  than you are that will put you in your place real quick. Unfortunately, in this situation, no one was  bigger  or  badder.  He encountered a small man whose own feelings of inadequacy caused him to react with threats of violence rather than words   a small man who happened to have a gun.Watch the incident unfold here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Upcvq_n03LY?rel=0&amp;showinfo=0&w=560&h=315]And a news report here:Featured image via screengrab",0
8389," Cliven Bundy Takes Charge Of Remaining Oregon Militiamen, Says They Will Continue Occupation Indefinitely","With his son Ammon Bundy in jail with most of the the militants who had been occupying the Malheur Wildlife Refuge in Harney County, Oregon, Cliven Bundy has decided to take matters into his own hands. In a letter addressed to the authorities responsible for the arrests of many of the militants and the death of one, Cliven Bundy says that the folks still occupying the refuge will fight to the death. The letter read, in part: This is notice that We the People of Harney County and also We the People of the citizens of the United States DO GIVE NOTICE THAT WE WILL RETAIN POSSESSION OF THE HARNEY COUNTY RESOURCE CENTER. Harney County Resource Center  is the name the militants have given to the refuge in place of its original name.The letter was posted to the Bundy Ranch Facebook page, in full:// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Notice to Harney Co. Sheriff.Share share share ..Posted by Bundy Ranch on Monday, February 1, 2016This stunt shows that Bundy is even more of an idiot than his son, who had requested that the occupation end after the arrests and after the death of LaVoy Finicum. Bundy said to the media during an interview: What this is saying is that Cliven Bundy is taking control of things. If we don t retain it, then we ve lost everything that we ve done in the last two months. We re not gonna give up. This is not Ammon s message. This is my message   We ve made a decision to retain it   The feds are going to get out of there. Remove all federal and state policing agents out of Harney County. So, with his son in jail along with the majority of supporters jailed as well, Cliven sees fit to make demands of all authorities. He also says that he does not believe that Ammon really wanted the occupation to end, but said that he did under duress: That s what he said, but I never believed it. I don t think that s what s in his heart. He probably got his arm twisted. Ammon Bundy s statement, however, seems to run contrary to what his father wants: To those who remain at the refuge, I love you. Let us take this fight from here   Please stand down. Go home and hug your families. This fight is ours for now, in the courts. The four who are left are choosing to remain, demanding that they not be prosecuted despite the huge number of crimes they have obviously committed.Bundy and all involved in emboldening this ridiculousness all need to go to jail for a long, long time, their demands be damned. This lawlessness has gone on more than long enough.Featured image from Gage Skidmore/Flickr via Raw Story ",0
8390, Why Ted Cruz Winning The Iowa Caucus Could Doom The GOP,"Texas Senator Ted Cruz has won the 2016 Republican presidential caucus in Iowa. Cruz won with 99% of Iowa precincts reporting in. He earned 28% of the vote, with about 46,400 Republicans casting their vote for the social conservative.Cruz beat out Donald Trump and Marco Rubio, beating out the result of the highly respected Des Moines Register poll, that had put Trump ahead of Cruz by 5%.Many observers believe that Cruz was able to overcome Trump s constant media appearances and a campaign that sucked up a lot of the oxygen in the political world.While Cruz has won the caucus, history has not been kind to recent winners. The last two winners, Rick Santorum and Mike Huckabee, received a bump in support after winning the caucus, but were not able to martial the religious right on to success in other states like South Carolina and New Hampshire.Cruz also faces headwinds from Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), who did better than expected in a third place finish. It can be expected that money from the Republican establishment will flow to Rubio, continuing the stampede away from Jeb Bush who only managed a single digit in Iowa and is not expected to be a strong contender in New Hampshire.In a strange turn of events, Trump could act as a spoiler candidate, wedged between Cruz and Rubio but without being beholden to big ticket donors or the party elite.For the general election, many Democrats are probably salivating over a candidate like Cruz. He is anti-choice, a darling of the extremist right, and a candidate who has based his entire run on turning out far right voters instead of even remotely attempting to appeal to moderate, swing voters. Trump may have scared the party so much that Cruz now appears  acceptable  to them, but not to America.Featured image via Flickr",0
8391, Martin O’Malley Suspends Campaign After Predictably Crushing Iowa Caucus Loss (TWEET),"Democratic presidential candidate Martin O Malley likely never really had a chance against Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders, but he has to be admired for staying in the race for so long, despite such consistently terrible poll numbers. However, all of that change the night of the Iowa Caucuses. Even before all of the votes were in, ABC News tweeted that the former Maryland governor is suspending his campaign.JUST IN: Sources close to Martin O'Malley campaign tell @ABC O'Malley will suspend his campaign tonight.  @maryaliceparks  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) February 2, 2016According to Town Hall, O Malley got less than one percent of the votes at the all-important caucus. This result is unsurprising, as nobody really thought that O Malley was a serious candidate.This is actually a good thing, because it s not like O Malley would have had a snowball s chance in hell of winning a general election against any serious GOP candidate, even if by some crazy twist of fate he had managed to beat both Bernie and Hillary in the primary to cinch the nomination.In short, Martin O Malley s candidacy was never anything more than an early election cycle distraction. No matter what one might think of his political positions, the guy was really never going to get very far, and thanks to the stakes being so high with the people we re up against on the crazy right, it s time to focus on the folks who can actually win.You had a good run, Governor O Malley. Thanks for doing the right thing at the right time.Featured image from Gage Skidmore/Flickr",0
8392," Trump Tells Fans To ‘Knock The Crap Out’ Of Protesters, Promises To Pay Legal Fees (VIDEO)","At a campaign rally in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Republican presidential front runner Donald Trump prefaced the caucus by inviting his loyal supporters to  knock the crap out of  protesters   and that he would take care of the legal consequences of any resulting violence.Trump began his invitation by saying he d received a warning from his  wonderful security guys.  He continued by referencing a recent incident where a heckler threw a few tomatoes at him during a rally: There may be somebody with tomatoes in the audience. So if you see somebody getting ready to throw a tomato, knock the crap out of them, would you? Seriously. Okay? Just knock the hell   I promise you, I will pay for the legal fees. I promise, I promise. It won t be so much  cause the courts agree with us too. Here s the footage of Trump encouraging his fans to be violent at his rally:This isn t much of a surprise from Trump   and without a doubt his supporters will be more than happy to take him up on that request. Trump s supporters have earned themselves a reputation for roughing up protesters, and Trump has done little to stop the violence   in some cases, he has even supported it and egged the crowd on.Previously, Trump came to the defense of his fans after they kicked and punched a #BlackLivesMatter protestor when he said,  Maybe he should have been roughed up.  In another instance, Trump ordered security to throw a protester out of an event in Vermont without the heckler s coat, enthusiastically noting that  it s about ten degrees below zero outside. By the way, it s illegal to encourage people to commit violent crimes. According to Iowa state law, anyone  directing abusive words or making a threatening gesture which the person knows (or reasonably should know) is likely to provoke a violent reaction by another  can be charged with disorderly conduct. In a perfect world, Trump would be forced to spend 30 days in jail because his minions just can t resist following his orders. Unfortunately, what will actually happen is his approval rating will go up. Featured image from video screen capture",0
8393," Duck Dynasty Star Stumps For Cruz, Says ‘Rid The Earth’ Of Marriage Equality Supporters (VIDEO)","Monday marked the all-important Iowa caucuses, and every candidate on the right is busily competing for the votes of as many religious bigots as possible. One such candidate was, of course, Texas Senator Ted Cruz. He also had his celebrity supporters helping him along, and one such person was Duck Dynasty star Phil Robertson, who likely enjoyed his role in Cruz s Iowa efforts, as it allowed him to do what he loves to do most: hate on gay people in public.Today s topic for Robertson was the evils of allowing two people who love each other but happen to be of the same sex to get married. Robertson said of equal marriage: It is evil, it s wicked, it s sinful and they want us to swallow it. He wasn t done there, though. He went on to actually attack any and all people, particularly politicians, who support equal rights for everyone: We have to run this bunch out of Washington D.C. We have to rid the earth of them. Get them out of there. When it was time for Cruz himself to appear before the crowd, he actually endorsed the idea of purging the planet of all who disagree with him and his bearded supporter on this particular issue, and called Robertson  a joyful, cheerful, unapologetic voice of truth. So, in other words, these people are actually insinuating that a whole population of people and their supporters should actually die. Sounds eerily close to what Hitler would have done to me.Watch Robertson s remarks below, via Right Wing Watch: Featured image from video screen capture from Right Wing Watch",0
8394, Sad Sack Santorum Visited Over 70 Pizza Ranches In Iowa – And The CEO Endorsed Trump,"Nobody seemed more desperate to win Iowa by sheer force of will than Rick Santorum. The perennial Republican also-ran staked his entire campaign on convincing enough ultra-conservative Iowans that he was their guy, and didn t just come up short   he hardly came up at all.But if Iowan voters didn t know Santorum was running, the hapless employees at the state s ubiquitous Pizza Ranch restaurants sure did. For some reason   some very, very insane reason   Santorum decided to almost exclusively stump in the pizza chain s locales. By the close of the primary, Santorum had racked up an impressive (or sad, depending on how you look at it) 120 visits, that s nearly two visits per location.CNN s Chris Moody covered the Santorum s Iowa bid, and while he clearly tried to remain objective   and we give them an  A  for effort, really   his recollection of Santorum s sad campaign radiates a sense of bafflement and failure.About forty die-hard Santorumites joined together in a private room at a Pizza Ranch restaurant. The evening was full of nostalgia, sadness and hope, and a pinch of denial, to celebrate a man who hosted more than 700 events in the Hawkeye State. It has been an honor. It really has,  Santorum said.  I hope we have another opportunity, but my guess is that when we come in on Air Force One, we re not going to have these types of deals because we re going to have a country to run. The crowd laughed, lovingly, knowing that what he said wasn t true and probably would never be.There may be nothing more fatalistic than holding what is probably your last campaign rally in the back room of a greasy pizza shop and joking about how someday you may be unable to come in because you re too busy on Air Force One. It s never going to happen   that s the punchline.To twist the knife of failure just a little bit harder, Santorum s Pizza Ranch base of operation is actually already spoken for. The company s CEO, Adrie Groeneweg, announced just weeks ago that he would be endorsing Trump.Groeneweg has never endorsed a candidate before and he has also never caucused.  It was just something my dad has always done,  he explained. This year, Groeneweg said he d go to caucus for Trump in February.Hilariously, Trump didn t even have to show up beforehand. In trademark fashion, Trump only decided he liked Pizza Ranch after he learned the CEO endorsed him.Meanwhile, all the pizza slices in the state couldn t buy Santorum some love.But there is one silverlining to this story. Taking pity on poor Santorum, Pizza Ranch did throw him a bone. They gave him a t-shirt and made him an  honorary employee. Rick Santorum is made an honorary Pizza Ranch employee pic.twitter.com/TeP9tg4xJ9  Ben Jacobs (@Bencjacobs) February 1, 2016Not that he ll have time to do as much pizza cooking and toilet scrubbing as he may want to, what with flying on Air Force One and all.Featured image from Twitter",0
8395, Sarah Palin Accuses Ted Cruz Supporter Rep. Steve King Of ‘Huffing Ethanol’,"Sarah Palin is having a rough day. It began with an awkward interview with NBC s Today Show when Palin fumbled and gibberished her way through a softball question about whether she really blamed Barack Obama for her son Track s PTSD (she clearly did).And then, during her introduction of Donald Trump during an Iowa rally on Monday, she attacked a longtime ally, Iowa congressman Steve King, and accused the far-right member of the House Crazy Caucus of huffing ethanol.From TPM: It s dirty business but why would a conservative guy want to say something that he knows isn t true?  Palin asked the crowd.  Maybe he s forgotten some of his heart in the heartland. Maybe he s been hanging out in a corn field too long huffing ethanol. Steve King endorsed Ted Cruz and, during an appearance on MSNBC, King accused Trump of buying off Palin in exchange for his  assets  and  resources. A few things here.1) The first rule of conservatism remains: Don t try to be funny. It never works.2) You might recall how Palin expressed admiration for King during her infamous off-prompter speech in which she inexplicably blurted,  Steve very strong, he goin  rogue. 3) If anyone knows the impact of huffing fumes, it s Palin. In fact, she might ve been high or drunk during her Trump introduction today   like always.4) I wonder how Iowa residents feel about Palin insulting their famous congressman, while also insulting ethanol as being nothing more than something one can  huff. 5) It s worth repeating: Stop trying to be funny, conservatives.6) Now, Ted Cruz? Ted Cruz might actually be more tolerable if he huffed something. Anything.7) Palin thinks it s smart politics to emphasize the notion that huffing ethanol can get you really, really high. I m sure the children of Iowa Republican caucus-goers will thank her for it. Featured image via video screen grab.",0
8396, Bette Midler Has Theory As To Why People Ignore Ted ‘Jackass’ Cruz Is Canadian (TWEET),"It s pretty much common knowledge at this point that Republican presidential candidate Senator Ted Cruz wasn t born in the United States. In fact, he was born in Calgary, Alberta, Canada in 1970 to a Cuban immigrant. Now, people have been saying that since Cruz s mother was an American citizen, this automatically makes the senator a citizen as well. However, as Talking Points Memo has pointed out, Cruz s mom was eligible to vote in Canada, thus making it seem as though she was a Canadian citizen at some point.The entire scenario of Cruz being born in Canada and being considered a  natural-born  citizen as the Constitution stipulates has been a bit of a gray area for some time now. While some say it s a closed issue, others say he s not eligible to run due to the true nature of  natural-born  meant as defined by the Founding Fathers.While all of this is still being discussed at great length, one person has come up with a pretty damn valid theory as to why so many think Cruz is a  natural-born  American. Bette Midler took to Twitter to pose a very good question. She asked: Are people ignoring the fact that Ted Cruz isn t a natural-born American because it s impossible to believe such a jackass came from Canada? Are people ignoring the fact thatTed Cruz isn t a natural-born Americanbecause it s impossible to believe such a jackass came from Canada?  Bette Midler (@BetteMidler) February 1, 2016This could be entirely true. Canadians are generally very kind-natured and not at all known to be the slimy, bigoted narcissists that Ted Cruz most definitely is. After all, we re stuck with Justin Bieber, too.Since no one has come to a definitive conclusion regarding Cruz s citizenship status, Midler s theory holds as much weight as anything else. Very good question indeed. Featured image: Twitter",0
8397, Huckabee Says ‘Hello’ To Iowa In Creepy Adele Remake (VIDEO),"As Iowa voters prepare to head to the state s caucuses on February 1, candidates on both sides of the political fence are ramping up their efforts in the state. That s to be expected.What wasn t quite as expected, however, is this absolutely cringeworthy attempt by conservative candidate Mike Huckabee to  appeal  to Iowa millennials.The ad seems to be trying (somehow) to capitalize on the popularity of Adele s 2015 hit song,  Hello. The singer attempting to imitate Adele in this video does a really terrible job. That may not be entirely her fault, though.The bizarre lyrics are a truly terrible, swiss-cheesy attempt to string together a bunch of really awkward keywords like  pizza ranch,  and  selfie stick.  But it s not just that the lyrics are bad. They also don t fit the music. That means the singer is stuck trying to try to fumble through lines like: Hello Davenport. Amish chairs, Casey s jerky, Quad cities has quite a port. And then there s Huckabee. His desperate attempt to seem cool or relevant or  in the know  just leaves everyone who sees this shaking their heads, saying,  Please no. The Wall Street Journal published the video to YouTube on January 28. If you want to know how bad it is, just watch it for yourself below. Adele filed a copyright infringement notice against Huckabee over the use of the song, which he arrogantly ignored.During a January 28 interview on Fox, Huckabee stated that it s his right to use the song, even though the singer has specifically said he can t. According to Huckabee, the bizarre video is supposed to be  political parody,  which he says is protected by free speech.When told that the Attorney General says otherwise, Huckabee claimed that people not wanting their work mangled and distorted by his trashy political campaign are just  overly sensitive. Not surprisingly, Huckabee likened the singer s right to protect her copyrighted property to  an attack on American freedoms. You see, it s his God-given right to infringe on her copyright.This is so typical of how the right wing operates.  I m entitled to everything that belongs to others. No-one is entitled to anything that belongs to me and my billionaire buddies. Huckabee s not the only Republican politician to use Adele s music without her permission. As Addicting Info reports here, Donald Trump has also been using her music during his campaign events.On February 1, a spokesman for the musician told the UK Independent that she does not want her music associated with any political campaigning.Here s a bit of advice. Get Ted Nugent. He s one of the few musicians that actually agrees with the republican party s agenda. Why not play one his formerly-popular tunes, like  Jail Bait,  for example?I bet Huckabee could even get his good friend, Josh Duggar, to do a parody of that one.Featured image credit: video screen capture from Wall Street Journal on youtube",0
8398, Ted Cruz Bashes Michelle Obama In Lame Attempt To Be Student Body President (VIDEO),"You know things are getting bad on the campaign trail when you have to appeal to the child in everyone by offering French fries for everyone. Well, that s exactly what happened at a rally in Iowa over the weekend while presidential hopeful Ted Cruz was apparently trying to appeal to the future voters of America. This is the stuff you have to do when you don t really have any accomplishments to speak of besides shutting down the government and pissing people off.In a lame attempt at throwing First Lady Michelle Obama under the bus, Ted Cruz decided healthy food is for suckers, we need to bring back all the stuff that makes our kids fat and lazy, so Cruz says: Let me say something to the school-aged kids here. When Heidi s first lady, French fries are coming back to the cafeteria The last I checked the cardboard was supposed to be on the tray and not in the food! Yeah! When Ted Cruz is president, it ll be French fries and sugary soda for everyone!! Yeah!! Then recess all day! And no more homework!Cruz honestly sounded like he was running for student body president of the 6th grade. Which probably isn t completely dumb, considering that the average Republican voter hasn t gotten past that reading and maturity level.So, everyone   a vote for Cruz is a vote for French fries  YEAH!Video/Featured image from Vine",0
8399," Unlike Hillary, Cruz’s Campaign May Have ACTUALLY Just Broken The Law In Iowa","In Ted Cruz s last-ditch effort to scare primary voters into voting for him, he may have accidentally pushed his campaign passed the point of scummy campaigning and straight into criminal enterprise.Last week, Iowa residents woke up to find a disturbing envelope in their mailbox. Inside they found what looked to be an official document that announced that they had committed a  Voting Violation. The mailer, sent by Cruz s team,  graded  the person based on their supposed voting track record. Below their own grade, was that of several of their neighbors. It also let the recipient know that their own grade had been sent to those neighbors. The implication was clear: Your neighbors will know you committed a  voting violation  and will be ashamed of you.Pretty scummy, right?Well, it may also have been against the law.In a fiery rebuke of Cruz s pathetic ploy, Iowa s secretary of state Paul Pate released an official statement condemning the actions and strongly suggesting what Cruz s team did bordered on illegality (emphasis added).Accusing citizens of Iowa of a  voting violation  based on Iowa Caucus participation, or lack thereof , is a false representation of an official act. There is no such thing as an election violated related to frequency of voting. Any insinuation or statement to the contrary is wrong and I believe it is not in keeping in the spirit of the Iowa Caucuses.In more straightforward terms, what Cruz did was mislead voters into believing that they had done something wrong by intentionally posing as an official office (in this case the Public Records office). As legal analyst Dan Abram s Law Newz website points out, that s a HUGE no-no.Notice that Pate used the words  false representation of an official act  in his statement.  We looked through Iowa code, and a potential false representation is, in fact,  a violation of criminal law.  The law reads (Section 720.5)  any person who represents any document or paper to be any public record or any civil or criminal process, when the person knows such representation to be false, commits a simple misdemeanor.  (Side note: this is part of the Chapter of Iowa Law entitled Interference of Judicial Process)Obviously, faking official documents during a contentious election could be considered both unethical and possibly criminal manipulation of the democratic process. It s not clear whether Pate will go after Cruz s campaign, but what is clear is that the state of Iowa certainly has grounds to.Meanwhile, Cruz is only making matters worse for himself. While it is possible that Iowa was willing to look the other way, Cruz has since repeatedly appeared unapologetic for the pathetic campaign tactic. Following the outrage from Iowa s secretary of state and on the heels of even his own backers suggesting that this tactic was so abhorrent that they couldn t believe Cruz would do it, Cruz refused to apologize. I will apologize to no one for using every tool we can to encourage Iowa voters to come out and vote. This follows a general pattern of Republican candidates refusing to ever concede a single mistake, even when the errors are blatant and egregious.Ironically, Cruz and his fellow competition have spent countless hours blasting Hillary Clinton for her supposed criminal actions involving her emails. Despite all of this energy being poured into destroying her reputation, not a single charge has been filed against her. Her investigators can t even decide if she did anything ethically, much less criminally, wrong. So it s more than a little absurd to find that Cruz has been willfully and unapologetically breaking Iowa state law while criticizing Clinton for manufactured ones.You know what they say about people who throw stones in glass houses   they don t tend to end up in white ones.Feature image from Gage Skidmore/Flickr",0
8400," Fox Guest: The GOP Shouldn’t Bother With The ‘Black Vote,’ They’re ‘Slaves’ To The Democrats (VIDEO)","It is no secret that the Republican Party is incredibly racist. It s also no secret that the people over at Fox News frequently bring their token minorities on for interviews in the hopes that this will somehow justify their vitriol. That s exactly what they did on Monday when Crystal Wright, founder of the Conservative Black Chick blog, appeared on Fox & Friends. Hosts Steve Doocy and Anna Kooiman asked the blogger if she believes there is a GOP candidate who could steal the African-American vote (93 percent in 2012) from Democrats. Wright responded by saying that Donald Trump is that candidate because he is the only person running who is  bothering to talk to black people and ask for their vote.  She explained that his help would come in the form of mass deportation of the undocumented immigrants who are  stealing  jobs from black Americans.Nevermind the fact that there are few Americans of any race who are flocking to farms to harvest crops   a job that is performed by-and-large by immigrants.As if that statement wasn t stupid enough, she went on to say: I think it s so sad when it comes to the black vote. Blacks have shown a slavish support for the Democrat [SIC] Party for over 50 years. And part of me wonders if the Republican Party should even bother asking for the black vote,  Wright added,  because black Americans seem to like being political dummies. We re the only race that has voted lock, stock and barrel for the same party for over 50 years. Perhaps that has something to do with the fact that the Democratic Party is the one who supported the Civil Rights Movement fifty years ago, while Republicans retreated into racism. (And please do not try to say that it was the GOP who wanted equal rights for all minorities, we all know about the Southern Strategy.)Wright s ignorance is breathtaking. If this is who Fox goes to for advice about the African-American community, it s no wonder the Democratic Party has secured their vote.Watch the rest of her interview below:Featured image via video screenshot",0
8401, Adele Wants NOTHING To Do With Donald Trump And Has A Message For Him,"When on the campaign trail, those running for office like to use music to bolster enthusiasm from the crowds, help spread their message, and look as though they re hip to modern day pop culture. Often times, what these politicians don t think about is the fact that the artists that make the music might not want their music to be used, especially by specific people. Such is the case with Donald Trump and his use of music by the singing sensation (and goddess) Adele.Trump has continuously used Adele s song from her  21  album  Rolling in the Deep.  Of course, the key lyric from that being  We could ve had it all.  Basically, implying that a vote for Trump is a vote for everything you could ever want.However, as it turns out, Adele does NOT want Trump using her music, and a spokesman for the singer told The Independent: Adele has not given permission for her music to be used for any political campaigning. It can also be implied that every time Huckabee tries to use Adele s song  Hello  in the bizarre way that he does, that this too is frowned upon.Adele has actually chosen to stay out of the political scene altogether, especially after a comment she made in 2011 where she stated that she was a  Labour girl.  And if you re unaware, the Labour Party is a center-left party in the United Kingdom.She s not the only one to take issue with politicians using their music. REM even went so far as to take to Twitter in a very verbose rant, with frontman Michael Stipe saying to Trump and Co.: Go fuck yourselves, the lot of you you sad, attention grabbing, power-hungry little men. Do not use our music or my voice for your moronic charade of a campaign. Aerosmith also told Trump to f*ck off in so many words.Lesson from all of this   ask permission.However, it must be frustrating when all the good music out there comes from the left side of the aisle. Featured image: Instagram/Flickr",0
8402, Heckler Crashes Ted Cruz Speech By Shouting ‘Ted Cruz Looks So Weird’ And Pretends To Barf (VIDEO/TWEET),"Hecklers at GOP rallies rarely disappoint   after all, the Republican presidential candidates have given them so much material to be inspired by. On Sunday, at one of his last rallies before the Iowa caucus, Ted Cruz had an experience with a heckler he probably won t ever forget.As Cruz gave his stump speech, an audience member shouted that he didn t feel so well while pretending to vomit in a trash can, stating that his illness was because  Ted Cruz looks so weird!  This brave heckler wasn t far from Cruz and he repeated it loud and clear just in case the candidate missed it the first time. Scott Bauer, a reporter for the Associated Press, fortunately captured part of this hilarious interruption on video and tweeted it for all to see:.@tedcruz enters Des Moines rally pic.twitter.com/06Itp606hN  Scott Bauer (@sbauerAP) February 1, 2016Of course, security removed the heckler out of the rally almost immediately and Cruz said,  I guess the bars let out early.  On social media, some people in the audience expressed sadness that the heckler was taken away, as the rally certainly could have used him.twitterCruz then used the moment to take a jab at one of his rivals and joked, Is that Donald Trump yelling in the back?  The joke was completely appropriate, considering that Trump and Cruz are competing with each other for the Iowa Caucuses later tonight.It was actually reported by the Associated Press that the heckler was in fact ill   so perhaps it was really Cruz s creepy appearance that set the protester off. It would make perfect sense, considering the unpleasant, cringeworthy effect that Cruz s face had on his own daughter! To top off Cruz s disastrous, rejection-filled weekend, his tour bus got stuck in the mud in Iowa and he had to hitch a ride with his aides.We ve seen some pretty creative hecklers during the GOP candidate s campaigns so far, and Cruz has had more than his fair share. Earlier this month, two hecklers actually made it onto Cruz s stage at a gun event, making for a completely awkward moment. But he s not the only one   recently, front runner Donald Trump got treated to tomatoes being thrown at him. Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
8403, WATCH: Female Cop Halts Sex Offender’s Violent Rampage,"Earlier in January, 31-year-old Michael Cox was found guilty of sexually abusing a five-year-old girl.After the jury read the verdict, attorneys for the prosecution and defense approached the bench for a sidebar with the judge.As the attorneys were making their way back across the courtroom, Cox suddenly attacked Deputy District Attorney Scot Key in a violent rage, shoving him to the ground, before leaping on top of him.As the courtroom erupted in chaos, Transport Officer KaeDea Smith burst onto the scene.Video of the incident shows the female officer shooting like a bolt of lightning through the double doors leading into the courtroom.Within seconds she has the rampaging pedophile pinned to the floor.Thankfully, Cox did not have a gun on him during his courtroom rampage.Here s video of the attack, courtesy of KOB.This is poetic justice at its finest. Since Cox is clearly used to victimizing helpless little girls who can t defend themselves, let alone others, it s fitting to see his rampage brought to an end by this heroic and incredibly badass female officer.Unlike many of the cops we hear about today, Officer Smith put the safety of others before her own, rushing in to protect the attorneys, judge, jury and others.Instead of firing her police-issued weapon into a crowded courtroom, she used non-lethal force to subdue the threat.During an interview with KRQE, Officer Smith told reporters she was just doing her job. I was able to get a hold of the defendant and use the least amount of force possible to go ahead and detain him to get him under control. While the law does require police officers to use the least amount of force necessary to get a suspect to comply with orders, it s not often in today s news cycle that we hear of a cop actually doing what the law requires.The violent rampage was caught on camera in Otero County, New Mexico s 12th Judicial District courtroom, on January 20.The best part of this is knowing that someday, when Cox s 5-year-old victim is old enough to understand what happened in that courtroom, she ll get to watch the man that molested her get taken down by someone who was a little girl once, too.Featured image from video screen capture from KOB",0
8404, Palin Loses It After Hosts Dare Asks About Son’s Arrest Instead Of Letting Her Shill For Trump (VIDEO),"On the day of the Iowa Caucus, Sarah Palin visited the Today Show to stump for her new best friend, Donald Trump. Unfortunately, Palin seemed under the impression that she was allowed to dictate what the hosts asked her about. Hosts Matt Lauer and Savannah Guthrie weren t having it.Palin, who often claims the media is against her by asking her questions she doesn t know the answers to, got off to a rocky start almost immediately, when the hosts challenged her on several issues that made both Trump and Palin look like raging hypocrites. At one point, a frustrated Palin asked the hosts  Who are we to judge one another s level of Christian faith?    the scalding steam of irony coming from a person who once spent a great deal of time trying to suggest President Obama was a secret Muslim was hot enough to melt steel.But things took a dramatic turn when Guthrie asked about her son Track, who was recently just arrested for beating his girlfriend and threatening to shoot himself in the head with an AR-15. Palin, ever the spindoctor, blamed the ugly incident on wait for it Obama. At a Trump rally, the one time vice presidential candidate claimed Track came back from Iraq messed up because Obama didn t respect the troops enough.When Guthrie asked her to clarify those baffling remarks, Palin became extremely angry. You guys brought me here to talk about Iowa politics and the caucus tonight, not to talk about my kids,  she fired back. And that was a promise. But as things go in the world of media, you guys don t always keep your promises, evidently,  Palin added.Watch @SarahPalinUSA speak out on TODAY in exclusive interview. #IowaTODAY https://t.co/Kbol2A7w9x  TODAY (@TODAYshow) February 1, 2016She went on to claim the media lied when they said she blamed Obama then IMMEDIATELY doubled down. What I have blamed President Obama in doing,  she said, putting her foot slowly in her mouth on live television,  is this level of disrespect for the United States military that is made manifest in gutting budgets and not trying to beef it up and let our military do the job that they are trained to do. To be clear, the  budgets  that Obama has cut have been on the level of wasteful spending on, say, military vehicles that even the Pentagon says it didn t need. On the flipside, Republicans in congress have killed the budget for supporting veterans, like Palin s son, when they come home. Repeatedly, conservative lawmakers have cited  big government  and  out of control spending  to justify slashing funds to Veteran s Affairs and other bills meant to help wounded servicemembers. There is certainly a lack of respect for the soldiers coming back from Iraq and Afghanistan   but it s not coming from the White House.As usual, Palin uses her own victim-complex serve as a security blanket she can hide under when questions get to tough. Palin has repeatedly blamed President Obama for hurting the troops. That s a serious accusation and a fair one for reporters to question. The criticisms themselves may be pathetic, but her refusal to tolerate any pushback on them is even more embarrassing.If Trump had hoped Palin would be a big asset to his campaign, so far it hasn t appeared that way. At almost every appearance, Palin s performance has been a trainwreck. On the TODAY show, she was at least able to string two sentences together without devolving into a hopeless wordsalad, but it s pretty sad that this is considered a victory for her. She still came across looking angry, bitter, and clueless.Featured image via video screen capture",0
8405, Lunatic Glenn Beck Prepares To Move His Show To Israel Ahead Of Government Collapse (VIDEO),"Glenn Beck is a paranoid lunatic, and he has just done one more thing to further cement that idea. Beck announced on the Friday edition of his show that his staff is, on his orders, preparing to move his entire broadcasting network out of the country. Why? Because this idiot thinks that the America that we all know and love is on the brink of collapse, and when that collapse comes, the new government will silence him. Beck told his equally idiotic followers: We have to pick up our pace on finding another place to broadcast. I need to know if I can get to Jerusalem, where they won t shut this down and we can be able to broadcast into the United States. This could end quickly. The worst part of all of this is that this announcement came after an audience member asked what she could do to prepare her family for the coming apocalypse. She has already relocated from California to Texas   on Beck s lunatic suggestion. She has also followed more of Beck s terrible advice, and is reading the Left Behind series to her children, which warns of coming worldwide disaster.As if all of that is not bad enough, Beck s child was present during these doomsday prepper declarations, and of course was alarmed. Instead of comforting her and anyone else who might be rightfully disturbed by these ideas, Beck says that today s children should be warned as well because they re the giants that are going to fix this, they have to know.  He went on to warn that reading Left Behind is important because  they have to know that this might be the time   You have an army on earth now that says they are the army of the Antichrist, they are the army of Armageddon. This is about as irresponsible as it gets, and Beck doesn t seem to be slowing down this crazy train anytime soon.Watch the insanity below, via Right Wing Watch:Featured image from screen capture via Right Wing Watch",0
8406," Republican: Porn Is Worse Than Cocaine, Gov’t Has To Act On ‘Public Health Crisis’","A Republican state senator in Utah believes that porn is such a threat to public health that he is proposing legislation to make the state take his aversion to skin flicks official. Whatever happened to limited government?Sen. Todd Weiler introduced his legislation on Friday, asking that the state recognize that porn is creating a public health hazard. He called for a reform to take on the  pornography epidemic that is harming the citizens of Utah and the nation. The politician told the Daily News that porn was more addictive than powerful drugs, and the public needed to start seeing adult films as a national epidemic. I have read books and I have experts tell me pornography is more difficult to overcome than cocaine,  he said.Weiler, 48, compares public attitudes on adult films in 2016 to early 20th century feelings about cigarettes, where doctors openly smoked and airplanes had smoking sections. He believes that his legislation will help to shift public opinion.The state senator made another strange comparison in an interview with a newspaper. Despite most Republican conservatives denying the existence of climate change, Weiler said denying the negative health effects of adult films was like denying climate science:  These are scientific facts, just like global warming. The legislator cited his experience as a divorce lawyer in providing him with an expert, insider point of view on the purported destruction that adult material can inflict on married couples.Weiler did draw a line in the sand for his proposed bill:  We re not going to outlaw masturbation in Utah. Even in a religiously conservative state like Utah, Weiler probably faces an uphill challenge in changing public attitudes. The state ranks as the #1 buyer of adult films in a 2009 survey, and a Harvard study showed that more than 5 out of every 1,000 households in Uitah paid for adult content online. Featured image from YouTube",0
8407, Ted Cruz’s Tour Bus Gets Towed In Iowa – Has To Hitch A Ride (IMAGES),"This is not how Ted Cruz must have envisioned his campaign would end up heading into the nation s very first caucus in Iowa on Monday. His  Cruzin to Victory  tour bus wasn t exactly the epitome of its name, either. While he visited the Johnson County Fairgrounds earlier, it needed to be towed after getting stuck in the mud.This is very ironic, indeed. Just a bit over a week ago Ted Cruz was quoted as saying,  I m not going into the mud with personal insults and attacks (on Donald Trump). Well, Senator, you just went into the mud, quite literally.Pic via InstagramAccording to a report by Phillip Elliott from Time magazine, Cruz had to hitch a ride with aides to his next tour stop while his bus was towed. That s not the kind of image you want to project just before the voters of Iowa nominate the next future President of The United States. It certainly can t be good public relations; draw as many analogies as you must.Pic via Twitter.Cruz needs every bit of good press he can get right now. Virtually every poll shows Donald Trump having a huge lead on him. And   Cruz can t afford that. Whoever wins Iowa would get a must needed head start in the race. With Trump up in practically every state, Iowa is the momentum Cruz has been desperately seeking. Unfortunately, the only momentum Cruz is getting right now is coming from the back of tow truck.You d think the Cruz campaign would, at least, try to play damage control and be the first to report it, instead of being outed by the media. It s possible they could have made a joke out of it   but they didn t. They didn t even mention it. That s no way to run a campaign. Featured image from Facebook.",0
8408, Why Mike Bloomberg Running For President Will Bring Us President Trump,"While having a third independent option for president is surely a democratic thing to do, the implications surrounding someone like former New York City Mayor Mike Bloomberg jumping into the race are huge.What would Bloomberg running as an independent on the ticket mean? Well, it would pull votes from a major party candidate, and in this election, that candidate will be the Democratic one. Because while Bloomberg could appeal to wealthy conservatives, he s staunchly pro-heavy gun regulations, which will turn the remainder of the Republican base off in a heart beat. So, any votes he pulls will be from moderate to right-leaning Democrats, as well as independents who may be leaning towards the Democratic candidate. This is especially true if Bernie Sanders is the nominee and people are apprehensive about a Democratic Socialist in the White House. However, it d be true of Hillary Clinton as well.So with the center votes missing from the Democratic candidate, and surely not enough votes for Bloomberg taken from either side, this leaves the Republicans with a clear path to victory, and with Donald Trump trouncing his opposition in the polls, we re looking at a Trump presidency.Now, unless Bloomberg has some secret, backdoor deal with Trump that no one is keenly aware of, the former mayor of New York City needs to put his dreams of the Oval Office on the shelf, and likely keep them there for good. The last thing this nation needs is a President Trump. A person, who as president, would alienate not only all the minorities in his own country, but would alienate the United States from the rest of the world. We d be an embarrassment. Even more so than when George W. Bush was president.So, please, Bloomberg, if you happen to read this, take all that was just said to heart and think about what you really, truly want for the nation. If you want President Trump, then by all means, run. However, if not, please don t. Not just for you and the nation, but for the entire world.Featured image: Flickr/Flickr",0
8409, Bigots Upset Their Daughter Was Taught World History Suing Maryland Public School,"John and Melissa Wood are typical right-wing loons. After their daughter told them about her class assignments, John Wood set off to LaPlata High School in Maryland in a fit of rage. His daughter, it seems, was taught about Islam as part of a world history course, which didn t sit well with the bigoted former marine or his wife.According to the Woods, their daughter was forced to accept Islam as her one true religion and was forced to memorize the five tenets of the faith. They argued that the class only spent a single day on Christianity and then moved on to two weeks of Islamic training.Learning to recite things in the course of a history class is what most people would call  studying,  but the dad found it so vile that she was being forced to convert to Islam that he went to the school and threatened the faculty, resulting in an immediate ban from the property and a no trespass order from local law enforcement.While the school contends that the reality of the situation doesn t fit the narrative the bigots have concocted, the Woods have decided to sue the school with the help of the Thomas Moore Law Center, the right-wing crackpot firm that unsuccessfully argues for intelligent design and Christian indoctrination in schools on a regular basis. The center said in court filings: A school cannot achieve diversity by punishing and alienating students who hold Judeo-Christian beliefs, while bolstering the doctrines and teachings of other religions. Parents must be ever vigilant to the Islamic indoctrination of their children under the guise of teaching history and multiculturalism. This is happening in public schools across the country. And they must take action to stop it. Yeah, that s not at all what s going on. As the school explained in a statement to WTOP: The particular unit in question is on the formation of Middle Eastern empires in which students learned the basic concepts of the Islamic faith and how it, along with politics, culture, economics and geography, contributed to the development of the Middle East. Other religions are introduced when they influence or impact a particular historical era or geographic region. For example, when reviewing the Renaissance and Reformation, students study the concepts and role of Christianity. When learning about the development of China and India, students examine Hinduism and Buddhism It doesn t matter how you try to explain teaching Islam to right-wing imbeciles. They see all Muslims as a threat the them. They hear the word  Muslim  in a public school and their heads explode, because the 1st Amendment says no religion in public places. Now tell that teacher to lead those kids in christian prayer before it s too late for them.The most ridiculous argument the suit brings is this: The course also taught false statements such as Allah is the same God worshiped by Christians and Islam is a  religion of peace' According to these people a religion of a billion people are out to kill us all. Considering if that were true they would only have to get about 6 people each to kill all non-Muslims, you have to wonder why it hasn t happened already. You also have to wonder how people can continue to call Islam a  pagan  religion when the tribe Mohammed came from was directly descended from Ishmael, son of Abraham, considered the steward of the faith to his tribe and brother of Isaac, patriarch of Judaism.I learned that from a high school world history course.The Woods are asking for injunctive relief barring the teaching of anything that has to with Islam from school grounds and for the trespass order to be lifted. It shouldn t be long before this case, much like all of the other zealot-friendly issues brought by the Moore Center.Featured image from Wikipedia",0
8410, Bernie Supporters Are Asked To Describe Donald Trump With Just One Word (VIDEO),"Is it really possible to describe Donald Trump with just one word? Certainly a few come to mind. Try and pick just one, though. Which one comes to mind first?The conservative media outlet The Blaze trolled a Bernie Sanders event recently and posted a video of Bernie supporters describing both Bernie and Donald Trump with just one word. It wasn t exactly a hit piece; all of Sanders supporters responding enthusiastically for their candidate while completely lambasting Trump. Not much news there. All it did was tell us what we already know, Bernie supporters don t exactly think Trump is all that amazing.First, here are the words most commonly used to depict Bernie Sanders: Inspirational. Consistent. Amazing. Awesome. Equality. Honest. Logical. Compare that to what they think of Trump: Disgusting. Dishonest. **shole. Racist. Bigot. Evil.  Insane. Sounds about right.It really just looks like The Blaze likes Bernie Sanders events. Maybe they re #feelingthebern, too? They seem to go there a lot. Although, they didn t particularly like a video of Sanders mocking Republicans  Family Values  during a speech he gave in Iowa on Friday.Here s what Bernie had to say about Republican s so-called values: They love families. Can t stop talking about families. When Republicans talk about family values what they are saying is that no woman in this room in this country, should have the right to control their own body. I DISAGREE. The race is tight and it s anybody s guess as to who will win Iowa. Bernie s campaign is counting on younger voters to help win the day for him   he does have far more of them than any other candidate from either party, after all. When these very same voters get older there will be a dramatic paradigm shift to the left on issues   but as of right now it s not clear if the younger vote will help Bernie defeat Hillary. Perhaps it s fitting that we get more of their opinions to see where this country is heading, though. It certainly isn t in the way of Donald Trump.Featured image from screen capture ",0
8411," Even Back In 2011, Trump Compared His Book To The Writings Of Our Founding Fathers (TWEET)","At this point in the presidential race, you ve either come to determine that Donald Trump is the person for you, because policy inexperience and racism are appealing for you, or you ve realized that Trump is a racist, misogynistic, egomaniacal ass. And if anything can be shown by the polls that have shown Trump holding a huge lead over his competition, it s that the Republican base prefers bigotry and bombastic hyperbole or facts, figures, and a solid plan for the future.Trump being as he is, isn t exactly new either. He s always been the narcissist that he actually, truly is. He s always thought his ideas are perfect and his shit doesn t stink. He s even gone so far as to compare a book he wrote to the United States Constitution and the Declaration of Independence.Back in 2011, while pushing people to buy his latest batch of drivel, he made just that comparison:First there was the Declaration of Independence, then there was the Constitution. Now there is #TimeToGetTough. Available today.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 5, 2011His book Time to Get Tough  also held a very familiar tagline:  Making America #1 Again. Trump honestly sees himself as a savior of sorts, a deity that will magically solve all the nations problems. In comparing himself to the Founding Fathers he resorts to an emotion that those dumb enough to fall for the line, will see him as just as profound as those who sought to make freedom a national ideal and form a new nation.The thing is, he s no savior, nor is he anything like the Founding Fathers. He s a narcissistic businessman out for himself and wants to see how far he can go. Not for the nation, but for his own ego. Just listen to any campaign rally, he s obsessed with polls numbers and will talk the entire time about how  great  he is, and spend next to zero time talking about any sort of plans or policy.America is already great, and if you want to keep it that way, make sure you vote blue this November.Featured image: Flickr/Twitter",0
8412, Things Get Really Awkward When Fox Host Talks About How He Likes His ‘Meat’ (VIDEO),"Things got really awkward on the set of Fox & Friends on Sunday when host Brian Kilmeade surprised his fellow co-hosts by saying that he liked his meat  tight.  Here is the full quote below: I like my meat tight   not loose. Tighten up my meat! The only response they could muster was:  Okay.  Thanks for that information, by the way.Now, it s not like he just started talking about his  meat  out of nowhere. The exchange began when co-host Steve Doocy stated to Kilmeade that he s  got to try the loose meat sandwich  when he goes to Iowa later today.  It s like a sloppy joe with no tomato sauce. The look on his co-workers  faces is priceless because they just weren t expecting him to come back with something like that. Anything that includes the phrase  my meat  probably isn t the best way to say it, especially with that kind of enthusiasm.In any case, Kilmeade is never going to live this one down. He s already becoming an internet sensation for it, and not in a good way.Does anyone else like their meat tight, and not loose? I mean, there is a difference. And, no not that kind of meat. Get your head out of the gutter. This really is a thing. And as Steve Doocey was trying to say   Iowa s loose meat sandwiches are world famous. Anytime a sandwich is that good you have to try it no matter how you like your meat. Kilmeade needs to stop being so uptight and try a good sandwich every once and a while. Featured image via screen capture.",0
8413, Even Trump’s Own Ex-Organizer Accuses Him Of Discriminating Against Women,"Just a day before the Iowa caucuses, a former field organizer for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has come forward with accusations that Trump s campaign grossly discriminated against women, paying them less than the male employees doing the same exact work.These completely believable accusations were made by Elizabeth Mae Davidson and published by The New York Times. The 26-year-old staffer had been working for Trump s campaign in Davenport, Iowa but was fired a month ago   despite being previously described as one of the campaign s most effective organizers.On Thursday, Davidson filed a complaint about the discrimination with the Davenport Civil Rights Commission. Aside from the gender pay discrimination, Davidson reported that she was also given less opportunities to advance her career and skills. To make matters worse, female staffers were also subjected to inappropriate comments about their appearance   from Donald Trump himself. The Times wrote:[Davidson] said in a discrimination complaint that men doing the same jobs were paid more and were allowed to plan and speak at rallies, while her requests to do so were ignored. She also said that when she and a young female volunteer met Mr. Trump at a rally last summer, he told them,  You guys could do a lot of damage,  referring to their looks.In an interview, Davidson revealed that she was paid $2,000 per month. Because she was also working as a paralegal, she was considered a part-time staffer by the campaign. However, one of her male peers with the exact same role in the campaign was paid almost double despite the fact that he also has another job! Trump s campaign public filings state that several men filling the same role as Davidson were being paid between $3,500 to $4,000 a month.According to Dorothy A. O Brien, Davidson s attorney, the complaint will trigger the Davenport civil rights agency to investigate Trump s campaign, and after 60 days Davidson can choose to let the agency continue its investigation or follow suit in state court.Considering Trump s horrible track record of sexist, misogynistic comments toward women, it s not a big surprise to hear that his campaign was discriminating against its female staffers. When Davidson was asked if she would be attending Monday s caucuses, she was undecided. She said: Some of the bad things about him I dismissed, because I was working for the candidate. Now I m more critical, especially how he treats women. We don t blame her.Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
8414, Is Donald Trump Actually A Fascist? Here Is What Experts Are Saying (VIDEO)," Another fact that allowed Fascism to gain power over men was their blindness. A man cannot believe that he is about to be destroyed. The optimism of people standing on the edge of the grave is astounding.    Vasily Grossman. I could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn t lose voters.    Donald Trump.In the United States, people prove Godwin s Law to be true way too often. Not every politician needs to be compared to Hitler, Mussolini, or any other well-known fascist. It s especially obnoxious when right-wingers call leftists fascists. Fascism is a right-wing ideology.Except when discussing Donald Trump. Trump is definitely a fascist. Or, at the very least, he is acting the part of one. That way he can gain support from actual fascists, and to dominate the vapid corporate media with his atrocious rhetoric.There is a great video going around the internet that asks the question,  Is Donald Trump a fascist?  The answer is yes. Trump is a fascist. The video doesn t overtly state that conclusion, though it does a great job of explaining why he might be, and why people are asking the question in the first place. Here s the video:https://www.facebook.com/HuffPostPolitics/videos/10153699583882911/Is Donald Trump going to lead America into a completely fascist state, where Muslims and other minorities are rounded up and exterminated? No. The political philosopher Sheldon Wolin struck gold when he coined the term  inverted totalitarianism  to describe the rise of the United States  predominately right-wing, corporate run, neoliberalist government. I d highly recommend every progressive read Wolin s book, Democracy Incorporated: Managed Democracy and the Specter of Inverted Totalitarianism. The real danger of Trump s fascism is that he is normalizing the ideals of fascism. Facsist hate groups are loving every minute of Trump s campaign. They have their own bully, bellowing the hatred and intolerance that is largely considered taboo to speak of. This normalization of hatred and state violence is one of the first steps towards acts of genocide, and other horrific human rights abuses.Featured image from video screenshot via Facebook",0
8415, Ted Cruz Is Finding It Hard To Even Get Love From His Own Daughter (VIDEO),"When thinking about who would be the best fit for President of the United States, Republican Senator Ted Cruz should be nowhere near the top of that list. It s pretty much openly known that he s not well liked in Washington, and the only thing he s really ever successfully done was shut down the government (which isn t a good thing, it puts thousands out of work and can be a potential national security risk).Even former Republican presidential candidate and longtime Senator Bob Dole told the NY Times regarding Cruz: I don t know how he s going to deal with Congress. Nobody likes him. Now, at a campaign stop, as Cruz was greeting his daughters after they came off the bus, it was almost poetic how even his own daughter wanted absolutely nothing to do with him. He reached for her and she shooed him away, then as he went for a hug and a kiss, she tried as best as she could to get away from him.Keep in mind, what you re about to see in no way is meant to attack Sen. Ted Cruz s daughter. It s just a video that caught a moment that seems worthy of showing. Children, often times, won t want anything to do with their parents. With that said, here s the clip of Cruz s daughter seemingly wanting absolutely nothing to do with her father, just like the rest of the country. Ted Cruz tries to get a hug from his daughter on campaign trail. (@VaraBBC) pic.twitter.com/jEQCcgRP68  Breaking News Feed (@pzf) January 31, 2016 Video/Featured image: Twitter",0
8416, Rapist Cop Daniel Holtzclaw Disappears From Prison Database (IMAGES),"In December of 2015, a jury found former Oklahoma City police officer Daniel Holtzclaw guilty on 18 counts of sexual assault and rape. A month later, on January 21, 2016, Judge Timothy Henderson sentenced the serial rapist to a consecutive 263 year prison term.But on Friday, Oklahoma City s NBC affiliate KFOR reported that Holtzclaw s name had  disappeared  from the Oklahoma Department of Corrections website.On Tuesday the database showed the following information on Holtzclaw.Image credit, KFORThree days later, on January 29, the database showed no record of Holtclaw at all.Image credit: KFOR KFOR contacted the state Department of Corrections, only to be told by a department spokesperson  We are not going to comment, it is a matter of security. Holtzclaw was convicted of sexually assaulting seven women and he is believed to have victimized many others. All but one of his victims were Black women. His youngest victim was just 17 years old, while his oldest victim was a 57-year-old grandmother of 12.Under Oklahoma law, Holtzclaw s victims have very specific rights, including the right to know his location.The state Attorney General s office and law enforcement agencies provide this information via the VINELink website, which is supposed to be updated daily with changes in offender status.Holtzclaw still shows up in the VINELink database, but his location is now listed as  unknown. Image credit: KFORAccording to KFOR, Holtzclaw s victims have not been notified of any change in status or location, although Oklahoma law requires that crime victims be notified of any such changes.Alex Gerszewsk, an Oklahoma Department of Corrections spokesperson refused to provide KFOR with information on Holtzclaw s whereabouts, saying only that he was  processed at Lexington exactly as every other offender. Gerszewsk repeated the same  security  claim, saying  we cannot reveal his location for security; the security of the inmate and the facility. The state Department of Corrections and the VINELink publish the information of all offenders, including pedophiles, child abductors, serial killers and hundreds of other people who have committed every horrific and violent crime imaginable.There s little doubt that those criminals would like to have their information deleted from the Department of Corrections website as well. I m sure they d like to have their whereabouts kept confidential for  security reasons,  since those crimes are likely to get you beaten, raped or killed in prison.There s just one difference between Holtzclaw and every other serial rapist incarcerated in Oklahoma. Holtzclaw is a former police officer.The Oklahoma Department of Corrections seems to think it s OK to break the law and violate the rights of the women Holtzclaw raped and sexually assaulted, by removing his information from their database and concealing his whereabouts.This is completely unacceptable. It is the duty of the Oklahoma Department of Corrections to protect crime victims, not serial rapists who just happen to be former cops.Featured image credit: VINELink ",0
8417, Tennessee House Speaker Warns Interns To Stay Far Away From Sleazy Male Lawmakers,"Apparently, male Tennessee Republican lawmakers are so sleazy and horny that the female House Speaker has warned interns to stay far away from them.In the wake of state GOP Rep. Jeremy Durham resigning his position as Majority Whip after getting caught creepily sexting female interns, House Speaker Beth Harwell is instructing the Director of the Internship program to institute new rules to keep interns safe from the wandering eyes of male lawmakers. As a precautionary measure, I have instructed the Director of the Internship program that interns are not to attend receptions or events related to the legislature, and they are not to give their cell phone numbers to members,  she announced on Monday.Harwell also announced the formation of a committee to review the 20-year-old sexual harassment policy that somehow hasn t been changed over the years. If any personnel have suggestions for improvement, I urge them to give the committee their recommendations,  Harwell said.  At the conclusion of this review, the members will go through sexual harassment training. But Talking Points Memo reports that Democrats are criticizing the new rules because they appear to be blaming the female interns for the behavior of male lawmakers instead of focusing on keeping the lawmakers in check. Signaling out one group of women and asking them to change their behavior is a completely inadequate and inappropriate response to a problem with alleged behavior by a lawmaker,  Rep. Mike Stewart said.Stewart does have a point. At the very least, new restrictions could be instituted regulating how lawmakers interact and behave around female interns. Instead of focusing on just the interns, focus on the lawmakers equally.As for Durham, Harwell and other GOP leaders have called for him to reign his seat entirely. If the rumors I continue to hear regarding Representative Durham are true, Representative Durham needs to focus on his family and receiving the help he needs,  Harwell said.GOP Chairman Ryan Haynes also called for Durham to step down. In light of these recent revelations, I do think it is important that Representative Durham step down from his position as a member of this body so that the legislators can continue to focus on the important work that Tennesseans expect us to focus on. Seriously, Tennessee. You need to get your act together because this is just embarrassing. Featured image from Twitter",0
8418, Koch Brothers Hold Dark Money Conference To Plot Election 2016 Dirty Tricks,"The Koch Brothers arranged their meeting of wealthy right-wing billionaires this weekend in order to come up with the best strategy in order to move America further to the right.As befitting wealthy right-wing industrialists, the Kochs held their $100,000 per seat affair at a luxury hotel. 500 of the super rich right showed up, with about 150 of them new converts to the conservative donor network that already spent close to $400 million in 2015 to lay the groundwork for the 2016 campaign.Many of the Koch network members   which include some of the biggest-spending conservative families in America, such as Michigan s DeVoses and the Adelsons from Las Vegas   spend tens of millions each year advancing their favored politicians and causes.In his introductory speech, Charles Koch told the donors he had four goals to change the trajectory of American government and society.The first is to  reverse the policies that are moving us toward a two-tiered society,  which include corporate welfare.The second is to end  irresponsible government spending. Of course, the Kochs don t mind it too much when their multibillion dollar enterprises are the beneficiaries of government spending and regulation. The brothers and their allies spend heavily in order to ensure politicians, mostly Republicans, are in place to enact or oppose legislation that affects their bottom line.Charles Koch also told those attending the meeting that free speech is  under attack everywhere.  Of course, to the Kochs that isn t free speech in the way most Americans think about it, but rather laws and regulations requiring disclosure about who spends money on elections. The Kochs believe in the supremacy of  dark money  in politics, so that they can make their influence be felt without being held accountable for it.That s the reason why, after the Kochs were called out for their spending in the 2010 and 2012 campaigns, they have mounted a huge effort to advertise their company s philanthropy on television (often during news programming and especially on the influential Sunday morning talk shows). Charles Koch has also recently released a business book, with no mention of course of his company s underhanded practices, fines from the government for pollution, or the violations of election law that affiliates of the Koch network have been caught in.Featured image from Flickr",0
8419, Artists Took Over Trump’s Campaign Bus And Made A Few MUST SEE Changes (VIDEO),"A couple of artists purchased the bus that Donald Trump used while campaigning in Iowa. The artists have turned the bus into a spectacle of political satire. They have made many changes to the bus, including changing Trump s campaign slogan from,  Make America Great Again  to  Make Fruit Punch Great Again. One of the funniest things about the bus wasn t even added by the artists. The bus was initially rented from a party bus rental company, so it features a stripper pole. The artists left it in, as they saw it as a perfect metaphor for Trump and his campaign. The bus used to be used as a party bus and the Trump campaign leased it from them, but they never removed the stripper pole. So we re kind of using that as kind of a metaphor for Trump. Like all good satire, the bus is only changed slightly. The artists added elements that fictionalize reality, in order to better examine it. The small changes lead people to come look at the bus, with them not initially realizing what the bus actually is. People come over and they re all excited and they don t even read that it says Make Fruit Punch Great Again,  said Mary Mihelic, an artist who is part of the anti-Trump bus project according to the  The Guardian.  And they re just totally taking pictures and then you ll hear someone say,  Honey, it s a gag! It s a gag!  And we just crack up. The artists explain their intentions behind the installation in a video that is embedded below. They claim that their work is meant to be non-partisan. That being said, they say that they really, really do not want Trump to be the next president of The United States.You can watch a video about the mobile installation, below. Featured image from video screen capture",0
8420," Trump: If I’m Elected, I’ll Appoint Justices Who Will Destroy Marriage Equality","The nightmare that is Donald Trump just keeps barreling on, and there seems to be no end in sight. In fact, it seems that he just might become the GOP nominee for the 2016 presidential election. There are endless reasons that this is beyond scary, and he has given us yet another.Earlier this week, Trump showed just how ignorant he is of the law in a bumbling interview with George Stephanopoulos on ABC s This Week. The host didn t go easy on Trump in a conversation about the Supreme Court and the appointment of justices, and Trump showed himself to be utterly unqualified to be in any position of political power, much less president of the United States and leader of the free world. Here is a transcript of the exchange, courtesy of The New Civil Rights Movement:STEPHANOPOULOS: Let s talk about some of the issues. Judges. What kind of judges will you appoint? Will they be conservative?What does that mean to you and how will you ensure it?TRUMP: Well, first of all, we have a lot of judges that have to be appointed because we have a lot of openings in terms of judges. And I m very happy about that, to be honest, because I think, you know, appointing judges is a very important and a very, frankly, a very, very important element of what we re doing.STEPHANOPOULOS: But Ted Cruz says he s going to appoint rock rib conservatives with a paper trail. What are you going to do?TRUMP: Well, I m going to appoint conservative judges. I m going to appoint people that have great reputations, that are great with the legal profession STEPHANOPOULOS: Like?TRUMP: Well, I can say like any   you know a judge who is a totally underrated and not spoken is Justice Thomas. I mean, if you look at   if you look at some of the judges that we have like on the Supreme Court, Justice Roberts turned out to be a nightmare for conservatives. I mean STEPHANOPOULOS: But how are you going to TRUMP: Wait, let me first say. Ted Cruz, was the one that really wanted Justice Roberts to go on the Supreme Court. You know that, right? Have you heard that?STEPHANOPOULOS: So, how are you going to make sure you don t get a Justice Roberts? Are you going to ask your appointees TRUMP: Well, excuse me, excuse me, how are they going to make sure? Bush appointed him. And Cruz was the biggest advocate. Cruz fought like hell to get Justice Roberts in there. Justice Roberts turned out to be an absolute disaster. He turned out to be an absolute disaster because he gave us Obamacare. So, you tell me, ask Cruz, why did he push STEPHANOPOULOS: I m asking you. How are you going to make sure?TRUMP: No, I m asking you, why did he push so hard to have a judge who has absolutely set the conservative movement back and said everything STEPHANOPOULOS: When I interview him, I ll ask him. How you re going to make sure you don t get betrayed by your appointees.TRUMP: I will study it carefully. I will work with people that I respect, conservative people, and we ll appoint judges that will be good. And I don t think I ll have any catastrophic appointment like Justice Roberts, which was really more than anybody else, pushed by Cruz and Bush.With this level of incompetency on full display for all to see, Trump went on Fox News Sunday to redeem himself on the same issue and this time, he did what every Republican does when trying to woo audiences and cover up for mistakes: he turned the discussion to those Fox viewers hate the most: LGBT people. In fact, Trump says that if he is elected president, the justices on his Supreme Court will be those who oppose marriage equality, and he would find a way to have them throw out the Obergefell v. Hodges decision that made equal marriage the law of the land.First, Trump dodged the question, simply telling host Chris Wallace: They have ruled on it. I wish it was done by the states. Wallace didn t let Trump off the hook though, and plowed on, finally forcing Trump to say to the conservative audience on the issue of justices who would overturn the marriage equality decision: I would strongly consider that, yes. There you have it, folks. We knew Trump was a bigot, but he had never come out and said he d actively work to roll back LGBT right on this level. Not surprising at all, though. Just another reason to make sure his fantasy of ruling America never becomes a reality.Featured image from Gage Skidmore/Flickr",0
8421, Donald Trump Unveils GENIUS Obamacare Alternative: ‘We’ll Work Something Out’ (VIDEO),"On Sunday, Donald Trump proved that he doesn t just endlessly complain about the affordable Care Act. He has ideas, big, beautiful ideas on how to better provide Americans with health insurance in a manner that  trumps  Obamacare, which has caused our nation to suffer(?) through having the lowest uninsured rate ever. Despite the overwhelming success of the President s healthcare law, Trump agrees with fellow 2016 candidate Ted Cruz s nonsensical assertion that Obamacare is destroying the country   though he takes exception to Cruz s claim that The Donald wants to replace it with single-payer insurance, which Trump supported wholeheartedly before becoming a Republican overnight.During a telephone interview with ABC s this Week, George Stephanopoulos asked Trump to respond to Cruz s statement that he intends to replace Obamacare with single-payer insurance. Of course, The Donald responded in his usual manner: Ted Cruz is a total liar. I am so against Obamacare. I ve been saying it for two years in my speeches. I m going to repeal and replace Obamacare. I don t know even where he gets this. But he s a liar. Yes, Ted Cruz is a liar, but so is every Republican candidate for President. Stephanopoulos reminded the billionaire that he is on record saying he wants everyone to have health insurance. But Trump stood firm in his denial: That s true. I want people taken care of, I have a heart. If people have no money, we have to help people, but that doesn t mean single payer. It means we have to help people. How would you do it,  the host asked the 2016 hopeful. We re going to work with our hospitals, we re going to work with our doctors,  Trump replied.  We ve got to do something. You can t have a small percentage of our economy   because they re down and out   have absolutely no protection so they end up dying. Yes, there are people who need health care   even with the amazing progress made through the Affordable care Act   and, if we were to replace it, Single Payer would be the way to go.  Trump could have said,  Fine   we ll replace Obamacare with single-payer  and struck a huge win with many Republicans and Democrats alike. Unfortunately, he just said he doesn t have any ideas:Watch the interview below:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpKM_MXDDJo?rel=0&amp;showinfo=0&w=560&h=315]Featured image from screengrab",0
8422, Ted Cruz Gets Owned By Fox News Host For Telling Lies About Obamacare (VIDEO),"Apparently, Ted Cruz is so hated that even Fox News is now defending Obamacare. It truly must be a cold day in hell.During an appearance on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace just before Iowans head to the polls to vote for their choice of who should be the Republican presidential nominee, Ted Cruz found himself being called out for his most persistent lies about the Affordable Care Act.Cruz has repeatedly claimed that Obamacare has caused massive job losses and that it has caused more people to go without health insurance. But both have been debunked by the facts, something Wallace pointed out much to the annoyance of Cruz. The fact checkers say you re wrong,  Wallace said. Since that law went into effect, the unemployment rate fell from 9.9% to 5% as 13 million new jobs were created, and 16.3 million people who were previously uninsured now have coverage. Don t get me wrong, there are plenty of problems with Obamacare, but more people have jobs and health insurance than they did before Obamacare. Of course, Cruz responded by accusing  unfair  fact-checkers of being  liberal editorial journalists  who  have made it their mission to defend Obamacare. Chris Wallace couldn t believe that Cruz would deny the facts so adamantly.  There s certainly no question that more people have jobs and more people health insurance,  he said. But Cruz continue to argue, and even treated Wallace like a child by telling him,  Don t interrupt me. Undeterred, Wallace continued to press the fact that  thirteen million new jobs have been created  and nailed Cruz for trying to change the subject.Cruz claimed that the 13 million jobs  is a historically slow rate of job creation  and went on to tell a bullshit story about how small business owners have come up to him telling him that they are praying for the repeal of Obamacare. And then he attempted to steal Bernie Sanders  platform by attacking the wealthy one percent and pretending to be a man of the people. Cruz even had the gall to claim that the income gap is President Obama s fault.Turning to what Cruz would replace Obamacare with, Wallace pointed out that conservative think-tanks agree that selling insurance across state lines, expanding health savings accounts and making insurance portable between jobs  would have almost no effect in giving people who are not uninsured health coverage. Faced with that fact, Cruz lashed out at the conservative think-tanks and claimed that they are not accurate. Basically, he threw them under a bus.Here s the video via YouTube.Cruz is dead wrong about Obama overseeing a  historically slow rate of job creation.  The fact is that 94,000 jobs have been created per month under President Obama and that ranks above Ford, Bush, Bush II, and Eisenhower. The true loser in this category is George W. Bush, who only saw 21,000 jobs created per month during his presidency.Here s a chart showing exactly that via USNews.In short, this was yet another terrible day for Ted Cruz as he desperately tries to rebound from the rough night he had during the last GOP Debate, a debate that Republicans say Cruz overwhelmingly lost.And continually repeating lies that most Americans know have been repeatedly debunked isn t helping his case at all. The media, fact-checkers, and conservative think-tanks all say Cruz is wrong and his healthcare plan isn t a viable replacement for a program that has insured 13 million Americans, many for the first time.Ted Cruz should be thankful that Wallace didn t continue pressing him because if the discussion about Obamacare had lasted much longer, Cruz would have embarrassed himself even more than he already did. Kudos to Fox News for actually calling out Cruz on his lies. Featured Image from Pete Souza",0
8423, FL Cops Face Prison After Brutally Beating Unarmed Man (VIDEO),"On Tuesday, a federal Grand Jury announced the indictment of former Marion County, Florida deputy Jesse Terrell. The charges stem from Terrell s involvement in the brutal beating of Derrick Price, a 44-year-old Black man, who was assaulted by a gang of white cops, in August of 2014.Video of the attack was published by WESH on January 27.The video shows that Price was initially trying to run from the police, who were pursuing in a black SUV.About ten seconds into the video, however, Price stops running and throws his hands into the air. He then drops to his knees, before laying facedown on the pavement.At this time the group of officers can be seen rushing at Price from several directions. The five cops immediately begin kicking, punching and otherwise assaulting him, as he continues to lay on the ground.Although it s clear from the video that Price was not resisting, the officers can be heard shouting over and over  Stop resisting,  as they continue to deliver blows to his head and body.At least one of the officers was wearing a body camera at the time of the assault. It appears that the cop s camera was purposely angled so that it would not capture video of the attack. It was later turned off.Watch the video below, courtesy of WESH.The other four officers involved in the beating all plead guilty to violating Price s civil rights.According to the Tampa Bay Times: Former deputies Cody Hoppel and Adam Ray Crawford admitted to beating Price, while two others, Trevor Wade Fitzgerald and James Louis Amidei, admitted they failed to intervene.Crawford also admitted to obstruction of justice, and Hoppel admitted to punching another man and lying about it in an unrelated case.The four acknowledged in court records that Price was not resisting arrest when beaten. Those deputies, who all resigned, are scheduled to be sentenced by Senior U.S. District Judge William Terrell Hodges in Ocala on April 20. The five former police officers are each facing up to ten years in prison, along with fines of as much as $250,000.*Featured image credit: video screen capture WESH",0
8424, Model Outs Men To Their Moms & Wives After They Send Her Gross Illicit Pics,"If you re a guy who thinks sending unwelcome d*ck pics to women is cool, you better hope you ve never sent one to this model.Emily Sears is a model from Australia who often shares pictures of herself on social media, and because of her job, men often send her pictures of their junk even though she really would rather they didn t. I usually receive at least one or two d*ck pics per day, at minimum,  Sears told BuzzFeed.  It s just been consistently happening for so long. I became absolutely fed up with these kinds of disturbing and disgusting messages and comments online. Rather than allow gross men to continue sending her unsolicited pictures of their penises, Emily decided to fight back in the best way possible.Emily noticed that whenever these men sent d*ck pics to her, they did so using their social media profiles. So she looked at the profiles to see if these men had girlfriends, wives, or mothers who she could inform about the pictures.She then sends a message to the guys complete with images of the women in their lives and asks what they would think if she alerted them to the unsolicited photos. We send the photos as a reminder for them to have respect for women. I think it provides an accountability that people seem to lose online; being behind a screen gives people a false sense of anonymity. I have noticed since posting my responses as a warning that the number has been significantly lower. I think my followers are slowly getting the message. After realizing that Emily figuratively had them by the balls, the men would claim that they were sorry and said they wouldn t do it again.Here s a couple of samples of messages between Emily and the men who harassed her.And sometimes, she went ahead and informed the women in their lives anyway, since most of the creepy guys are just sorry they got busted. Their apologies always seem fake,  Emily said.  Sometimes they try and say their friend stole their phone, and that it wasn t them. I don t believe they re sorry so much as they re sorry you re putting them on blast. And because they are fighting back and holding men accountable for their actions, more harassment usually follows. But Emily has no plans to stop outing men who send her unwelcome pictures of their d*cks. I get messages from men who say we re  sluts who are asking for it , which can get pretty overwhelming. But I truly believe its a huge social problem reflecting the attitude many men have towards women and I want to keep trying to fight against it. Frankly, these men deserve what they get. Men need to understand that there are consequences and just because you re using the Internet, it doesn t mean you are anonymous. Apparently, men need to be taught these facts. And they definitely need to learn that sending dick pics to women is not okay.As long as there are women like Emily Sears around, that lesson will continue to be taught.In other words, keep it your pants, gentlemen.Featured Image: Instagram",0
8425, Liz Cheney Is Running For Congress Because America Clearly Needs More Foreign Policy Disasters (VIDEO),"Liz Cheney, the daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney, is planning a second attempt at running for Congress, ostensibly after her Dad uses alien technology to transfer the remaining essence of his dark energy into her not-quite-yet poisoned soul, allowing her to continue his twisted Supreme-Leader-Snoke-like legacy beyond his own lifetime.Seriously, Liz Cheney is running for Congress in Wyoming s only congressional district. (Wyoming is basically an empty square on the map, and not enough population to facilitate any more than a single member of the House.) Cheney intends to run for the seat being vacated by the state s sitting GOP congresswoman, Cynthia Lummis, who s held that seat since 2009 and is retiring at the end of this term.And, of course, Dick Cheney held that seat for ten years, from 1979 through 1989 when he resigned to become George H.W. Bush s Secretary of Defense   long before his blood was replaced with sand, pumped through his corroded veins using ancient steampunk dials and cogs.Liz Cheney previously ran for Senate, primary-challenging Mike Enzi, but she was unable to capture to support of the party. Cheney faces an uphill climb against a field of eight GOP hopefuls, several of them being popular state legislators.Yes, what we really need in the United States is a Cheney Dynasty, consisting of generations of Cheneys holding public office and bilking taxpayers with unnecessary wars and no-bid contracts for buddies in the defense industry.Just for fun, here s a clip via Crooks & Liars of Bill Maher presenting a series of potential campaign posters for Liz Cheney s would-be run for president back in 2012. She, of course, didn t run, but this is pretty damn funny anyway. Note that Cheney was referred to in the press as  Palin with a Pedigree. Featured image via video screen grab",0
8426, All The ‘Proof’ Republicans Need To Confirm Obama Is A Super Secret Muslim,"Since President Obama took office in 2009, the right-wing has been awash with claims that he is a secret  Muslim foreigner who plans to bring Sharia law to America. Now, they are going to have the  proof  they ve been waiting seven long years for: the president is going to visit a mosque next week.Oh my sweet Allah!Never has a president ever spawned as many conspiracy theories as Barack Obama. During his tenure in the White House we have heard all kinds of crazy things, but perhaps one of the most asinine is the assertion that practices the Islamic faith. Conservative nutters have taken his education and used it to peddle lies to their bigoted base. Of course, even if the presOf course, even if the president were Muslim it wouldn t matter since we have this really old document called the Constitution that grants every person in the United States the inalienable right to practice (or not practice) whichever faith they want to. Furthermore, Article VI, Clause 3 of the Constitution says: ; but no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States.They know that it doesn t matter if he is a Muslim, but they claim that he is because Islamophobia sells   just look at Donald Trump.So, perhaps with all of this speculation out there it s no wonder the president has never visited a mosque over the last seven years. However, that is all about to change as the White House announced Obama will make his first trip to a mosque on Saturday to show the community support. The president believes that one of our nation s greatest strengths is our rich diversity,  White House spokesman Keith Maley said.  As the president has said, Muslim Americans are our friends, and neighbors; our co-workers, and sports heroes   and our men and women in uniform defending our country. The GOP will predictably go wild. I m sure the whole  super secret Muslim Kenyan dictator Frenchman double agent  talk will rear its uneducated head again. Luckily for us as he finishes out his time in office he gives less sh*t about what the Party of Hate expects him to do and more about what needs to be done.Featured image via Salon",0
8427, Cruz’s Desperate Last Minute Attempt To Win Iowa Is So Vile State Officials Just NAILED Him For It,"In the closing days before the Iowa caucus, the very first primary of the 2016 election, Ted Cruz is having a bit of a panic moment. Having enjoyed high polls in Iowa for months, his disastrous last debate performance and general unlikability have him falling fast. In his desperation to win, his campaign decided to try to lie and shame voters into showing up for him   and absolutely NOBODY is happy about it.This week, Iowans began waking up to find a scary looking note in their mail. On yellow paper made to look like a ticket, the letter reads  VOTING VIOLATION  and creepily names the homeowner and their neighbors. The instructions are even more pathetic.You are recieving this election notice because of low expected voter turnout in your area. Your individual voting history as well as your neighbors  are public record. Their scores are published below, and many of them will see your score as well. Caucus on monday to improve your score and please encourage your neighbors to caucus as well. A follow-up notice may be issued following Monday s caucuses.In other words, Cruz s campaign is trying to scare unknowing Iowans into voting (preferably for him) by threatening to make them look bad in front of their community. What s more, Cruz s name only appears in small print at the top of the envelope (and no where on the  ticket  at all). It would be easy to open this up and see  VOTING VIOLATION  blaring at you in read and think you were actually in trouble.How scummy is this tactic? So scummy, in fact, that one of Cruz s biggest endorsers actually swore Cruz would never do something as low as this. He didn t know it at the time, but Cruz s campaign had already confirmed that it had. Yes, they really are that desperate.It now appears that Cruz s underhanded tactics have even caught the eye of Iowa s state government   and they weren t amused. Iowa s Republican secretary of state, Paul Pate, released a statement strongly rebuking Cruz s campaign for trying to pull something like this. He has a personal beef with it too, because Cruz s campaign   in all of its hubris   decided to name his office in the mailer. It implied that Iowa s state government was complicit. Today I was shown a piece of literature from the Cruz for President campaign that misrepresents the role of my office, and worse, misrepresents Iowa election law. Accusing citizens of Iowa of a  voting violation  based on Iowa Caucus participation, or lack thereof, is false representation of an official act. There is no such thing as an election violation related to frequency of voting. Any insinuation or statement to the contrary is wrong and I believe it is not in keeping in the spirit of the Iowa Caucuses. It is, of course, important in a democracy that people vote. (Ironically, Cruz has been instrumental in preventing people from voting. But only the ones he doesn t like.) However, there are any number of reasons why a person would have a  low score  in these ridiculous fliers and still have contributed to the voting process. Some may have been out of state residents who vote by mail. Others may have simply decided to not participate in a Republican primary in which all candidates don t seem to represent their values. In any case, it s not up to Ted Cruz and his desperate campaign to shame a person for not doing what he would like. Worse, making it appear as if the mail recipient is in violation of a law, can make people even more fearful of the voting process.Cruz s campaign has long been built on lies and smears, but it s becoming clear that in his frenzy to catch up with Donald Trump, he s lost all sense of perspective.Feature image via Jamelle Bouie/Flickr",0
8428, Bernie Sanders Takes On Walmart In This Speech And It Is Glorious (VIDEO),"During a campaign event at Iowa s Wesleyan University, Bernie Sanders spoke to the audience about how Walmart and other large corporations benefit from a  rigged economy. Sanders begins by saying that Walmart is very appreciative of all the support they receive from taxpayers: Just to give you an example of what a rigged economy is all about.  I mentioned the Walton family   the wealthiest family in the world   being very appreciative that you are supporting them. They re very happy about that.  And they asked me to send you their thanks. Sanders continues, saying: They re only worth 60 of 70 billion dollars and they do appreciate you paying taxes to help them subsidize their workers. This is how we re going to pay to put 13 million Americans back to work rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure. There has been a lot of criticism of Sanders that says that he does not have a plan to pay for the programs he is proposing. That is absolute nonsense. Here is a comprehensive funding plan for every policy Sanders has proposed.And to the right-wingers who shout the obnoxiously classist claim that people only support Sanders because he wants to give them  free stuff,  that s actually the opposite of what Sanders wants. What he wants is for corporations to stop getting free stuff from tax payers. As Sanders points out in the speech: Three major profitable corporations not only pay nothing in federal income taxes, they actually got a rebate from the IRS. Three major corporations made over $100 billion in profit, paid nothing in taxes, and in fact, got a rebate from the I.R.S. Right now we have a rigged economy where there is socialism for the rich, and unregulated capitalism for the rest.Sanders concludes his speech, saying that closing these loopholes will help fund one of his most inspiring programs. That s how were going to pay to rebuild our infrastructure and put millions of people back to work. You can watch the speech below.Featured Image Credit: Screenshot via YouTube",0
8429, Netanyahu Says ‘Respected Western Opinion Leaders’ Hate The Jewish People (VIDEO),"With world opinion of Israel at an all time low, and with the growing movement to boycott, divest, and sanction Israel, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is getting desperate. So,what better way to shut down criticism of Israel than to make the accusation of anti-Semitism?[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUE9yNffy5U]This time, the accusation wasn t hurled at Palestinians or so-called  self-hating Jews  and others who criticize Israel. In a sign of the times, it was directed at Western leaders, historically supportive of anything Israel but who are growing increasingly impatient with Israel over its horrendous treatment of the Palestinians. During Netanyahu s official greeting on the occasion of International Holocaust Remembrance Day, Netanyahu stated: Islamic extremists incorporate the most outrageous antisemitism into their murderous doctrines. We see this in Gaza; we see it in Raqqa; we see it in Tehran. And it s not just Islamic extremists in the Middle East and Europe. Even respected Western opinion leaders have become afflicted with hatred for the Jewish people and the Jewish state. The charge of anti-Semitism has traditionally been used as a tool to muzzle those who speak out against Israel s nasty  policies toward the Palestinians and it s worked for a long time but there has been a slow but sure change that has alarmed Netanyahu and the Zionist establishment both in Israel and around the world. While Western opinion has indeed changed, its important to differentiate between being anti-Semitic and anti-Israel. Israel is a state worthy of criticism for its genocidal policies toward the Palestinians and its thievery of their lands and it s not anti-Semitic to criticize Israel but it s actually right and a just thing to do. However, when this happens, the anti-Semitic accusation immediately follows.For example, when Swedish foreign minister Margot Wallstrom recently called for conducting an investigation into Israel s extrajudicial executions of Palestinians during the latest violence, she was attacked by Israeli politicians and the media through a campaign of hatred and incitement and was labeled an anti-Semite.  One former Israeli official even incited murder against her in an article, suggesting that Wallstr m deserved to be executed like Count Folke Bernadotte, a Swedish UN diplomat murdered by a Zionist militia in 1948. The aricle, by Zvi Zameret, headlined Margot Wallstr m s source of inspiration, was published in Makor Rishon, a paper owned by US Zionist billionaire casino owner Sheldon Adelson, an unconditional supporter of Israel and Benjmamin Netanyahu, and a guy who the Republican presidential candidates grovel to for money and support.Although the attacks can be frighting, Westerners are developing a backbone. The European Union has recently approved of labeling goods made in the West Bank as  made in settlements  rather than  made in Israel.  Israel called the move (take a guess) anti-Semitic. However, Israeli settlements are built on Palestinian territory Israel occupied in 1967 and are deemed illegal under international law.Even the United States, a country whose politicians grovel to Zionists more than any other country (it s quite embarrassing), have come out in criticism of Israel, most notably under President Obama s administration. US ambassador to Israel David Shapiro recently criticized Israel s failure to prosecute Jewish vigilantism against Palestinians and its differing set of laws for Jews and Palestinians in the West Bank, effectively calling Israel an apartheid state. During a speech in Tel Aviv, Shapiro, who is Jewish, said: Too much Israeli vigilantism in the West Bank goes on unchecked. There is a lack of thorough investigations   at times it seems Israel has two standards of adherence to rule of law in the West Bank   one for Israelis and one for Palestinians. The response from the Zionist establishment was nasty and typical. A former Netanyahu aide used a derogatory ethnic slur, calling Shapiro  yehudon,  the equivalent of  little Jew boy  used in Israel to describe Jews not living in Israel as not being  Jewish enough  or  pro-Israel. The bottom line is that the world is disgusted with Israel. Its Western supporters can no longer defend a crumbling system of apartheid and injustice that is coming to an end. The movement that calls for justice for Palestinians is growing and as Nelson Mandela, the great leader of the South African anti-aparteid movement, eloquently stated: We know too well that our freedom is incomplete without the freedom of the Palestinians. Featured image via Wikipedia Commons",0
8430, Oregon Militant’s Family Doesn’t Believe He Had A Gun (VIDEO),"On January 29, the family of LaVoy Finicum released a three page statement questioning the FBI s narrative of his death. While there s no doubt Finicum s family would like to remember him as a  hero  and a  martyr,  the difference between what actually happened and the fantasy-filled version of events outlined in the statement is both sad and scary.LaVoy Finicum was a member of an armed group of militants who seized control of Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Harney County, Oregon earlier this month.On January 26, more than three weeks after the group first seized control of the federal property, authorities apprehended seven of the militiamen. Finicum was shot by FBI agents after he reached for a weapon, while attempting to escape arrest.Video of the shooting, taken from a helicopter which hoovered above the scene, was released by the FBI a short time after Finicum was shot.The video evidence destroys the narrative being pressed by right-wing extremists, who claimed Finicum was  gunned down in cold blood, while on his knees, with his hands in the air. Thanks to The Oregonian, we can see exactly what happened in the moments leading up to LaVoy Finicum s death.The video below shows the crucial moments from the FBI s footage slowed down and magnified. There is no doubt that Finicum went for a gun.Finicum s single  moment in the sun  came earlier this month, when he was interviewed by MSNBC s Tony Dokoupil at the Malheur refuge.During the interview, an armed Finicum told Dokoupil that he had no intention of allowing authorities to arrest him. Watch the interview here.In spite of an overwhelming amount of evidence to the contrary, the three page statement released by the family of LaVoy Finicum attempts to portray Finicum as an innocent victim of the evil government. They blame everyone except the criminals   from the FBI to Oregon governor Kate Brown   for Finicum s death.The family claims that authorities were  not patient enough  with the militants. That s in spite of the fact that the armed group was allowed to remain at the refuge, unimpeded, for nearly a month. Over that time period, they were given warning after warning, and provided with every opportunity to leave. They continued to break the law and threaten the community.The statement also claims that a  peaceful solution was in the works. The first observation is that from what we understand, the occupation was on track toward a peaceful resolution. LaVoy and those he was with were en route to a public meeting in an adjoining county when they were stopped in something far different than a routine traffic stop,  as has been portrayed by the media. Unfortunately, the powers that be were not interested in being patient enough for the occupation to come to a peaceful end. Again, the truth contradicts this statement.In this video, posted to his own YouTube account on January 22, Finicum assured his followers that the group was not  getting ready to capitulate.  He went on to say  Rest assured, we are not getting ready to leave,  and  for those of you who are worried that we are about ready to negotiate with the FBI, that is not the case. That is not going to happen. The militants were also not on their way to any ordinary public meeting when they were apprehended by the FBI. They were on their way to hold a secretive mock trial of public officials, known within the sovereign citizens movement as a Citizen s Grand Jury. In other words, the threat the group presented to the residents of Harney County was escalating, not  being resolved  as the statement claims.But of all the fantasy-based ideas presented in the letter, the one that stands out the most is this: The FBI claims that LaVoy had a loaded firearm in an inside pocket of his coat. After re-reviewing the extended video, at this point we are not accepting at face value the FBI s statement that LaVoy was actually armed. At no point during the group s occupation of the Federal Wildlife Refuge was LaVoy Finicum not armed.He holstered a .45 caliber pistol to his side and slept with a shotgun on his lap.We know from his own public statements that he had no intention of being arrested alive.While Finicum s family is undoubtedly grieving his loss, the facts remain unchanged. The man was neither a martyr, a hero nor an innocent victim. He was not killed in cold blood by the FBI.Here s the family s statement, via Fox 13.Finicum Family Statement 1.29.2016G*Featured image credit: video screen capture LaVoy Finicum on youtube",0
8431, WATCH: Bill Maher Explains How Republicans Get Away With Their Outrageous Lies,"At some point, Republicans learned that they can just lie and get away with it. No matter how many times that the lie is debunked, people still believe it.That was the topic for a hilarious segment of Real Time with Bill Maher. In the segment, Maher takes on Republican  zombie  lies. This is a topic that Maher has covered before, but given the amount of lying and half-truths that candidates riding in the GOP clown car have fired off   it s definitely worth reexamining. Especially when you consider, as Maher puts it,  Republicans have gone beyond even the zombie lie to just making sh*t up. Maher blames a lot of the problem on the internet. It today s age, conservatives are oftentimes locked into their own bubble where facts simply do not matter. It isn t even a problem where they are taking in biased information, it s just stuff that has been made up by Republicans, that RWNJ s latch on to.Last year, a poll found that 49% of Republicans believe that President Obama is a Muslim. Overall, 29% of people said that they think he is a Muslim. That s a lot of people who believe something that is just not true, even in the slightest. It s something that is extremely easy to fact check. There should be no reason for any reasonable person to believe that Obama is a Muslim.Maher cites a recent example involving Carly Fiorina who said that she saw a Planned Parenthood video that featured a  fully formed fetus on the table, its heart, its legs kicking, while someone says  We have to keep it alive to harvest its brain.  Which is absolutely pure bullsh*t.Just take a look at Politifact s records on the Republican presidential candidates, versus their record on the Democratic candidates. The difference is very clear.You can watch the full segment of the show, below.Featured Image Credit: Video Screenshot via YouTube ",0
8432, Watch Trump Desperately Pander To Evangelicals In The Most Pathetic Way Imaginable (VIDEO),"When you re a salesperson, you try your best to identify the need of the customer to convince them to buy what you re selling. And in the case of Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump, he knows the Republican base has a  need  for someone who claims to be  Christian.  This was apparent at the last GOP debate when Rev. Senator Marco Rubio kept bringing up Jesus Christ time and time again, when Sen. Ted Cruz seems to claim to be the chosen one, and now when Donald Trump brings out his childhood Bible to prove how  Christian  he really, truly is.You see, there is no religious test in order to be President of the United States. In fact, it would be unconstitutional if it were to be required of candidates to prove their faith or deem themselves worthy of being elected. However, Republicans aren t known for following the Constitution, as much as they like to say they do, so we end up seeing things like this pathetic display to pander to evangelical Christians who are apparently so dimwitted that they can t see straight through the farce.Evangelicals, he s selling you a line. That s what salespeople do so you buy into whatever it is they re selling. And in regards to who would be the best candidate for the job of president, if they have to tell you how much they  love Jesus  to make up for the fact that they have zero policy experience, realize you re being duped. Please.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Christian ValuesI want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I ve received on the campaign trail. I will not let you down! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainPosted by Donald J. Trump on Saturday, January 30, 2016Video/Featured image: Facebook",0
8433," What This Georgia Republican Just Said About The KKK, Slavery And ISIS Will Blow Your Mind","A state Republican in Georgia made an astonishingly racist set of remarks, in his defense of the South s Confederate and racist history.State Rep. Tommy Benton has flat-out denied that the Civil War had anything to do with slavery, compared the Confederate leaders to the Founding Fathers, expressed his profound displeasure with what he called  cultural cleansing  of Southern history. He insisted that the KKK was not a racist organization   but rather  a vigilante thing to help keep law and order,  claiming that made a lot of people  straighten up. Where do we even begin here? Let s start with the assertion that the Civil War had nothing to do with slavery. We can refer to the Cornerstone Speech, which was given by Vice President Alexander Stephens of the Confederacy, a few weeks before the Confederacy started the Civil War.Our new Government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition.He suggested that the Civil War was wrong because the North didn t address the loss of what was approximately two billion dollars worth of  property  that belonged to the South. Yes, he meant that the slaves were the property of the South.Benton also is critical of African-Americans for not denouncing their own African ancestors for selling slaves.Then comes the idea of  cultural cleansing.  The offensiveness of this kind of assertion is profound. Cultural cleansing is another term for genocide, the latter of which didn t exist as a word until the Nazi s tried to cleanse Europe of people they considered to be  undesirables.  No, the removal of a Confederate flag is not equal to the gassing of the Jews in Nazi Germany.Benton expanded on the cleansing remarks by saying that the removal of things like the Confederate flag or renaming of things like streets or buildings which were named after Confederate legacy is directly equivalent to ISIS destroying cultural sites in the Middle East. That s no better than what ISIS is doing, destroying museums and monuments,  he said.  I feel very strongly about this. I think it has gone far enough. There is some idea out there that certain parts of history out there don t matter anymore and that s a bunch of bunk. No. Nobody in the South is ripping up roads or smashing buildings after executing the local population in order to  cleanse  Confederate history. We are simply asking that it not continue to be glorified as some kind of noble cause.Our founding fathers would have hated the guts of Republicans like this guy. The Founders embraced things like science. Being smart, to them, was an advantage   not a liability. The KKK was also not ever in its history a  justice movement  meant to keep the peace. Its purpose through history was to restore white supremacy and terrorize former slaves, immigrants, Catholics, Jews, and anybody promoting the civil rights of the groups that the Klan hated.Remember: Republicans keep saying that their party is the party of Civil Rights because Abraham Lincoln was one of them. I sure am glad they cleared that up. Otherwise, people like Tommy Benton would make me think the Republican party is full of racists.Watch local news coverage of an interview featuring Benton below:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gxj8O9sL_4Y&w=560&h=315]featured image via video screen capture",0
8434, ‘Christians’ Who Leave Fake $20 Tips For Servers Draw Epic Response From Restaurant Manager,"Christian fundamentalists picked on the wrong restaurant to leave their fake $20 tips.For quite some time now, Christian fundamentalists have been angering waiters and waitresses by leaving religious messages disguised as $20 bills as the tip.The notes say that they can have something more valuable than money, which they claim is a belief in Jesus.But to the servers who receive such a tip, it s nothing more than a dirty trick that angers them. They worked hard attending to their customers in an effort to receive a well-earned tip that will help them pay the bills and put food on the table. A plain piece of paper masquerading as a $20 bill doesn t help at all. If anything, it makes religious people look like a bunch of jerks.Well, one restaurant manager chose to fight back after a similar trick was cruelly played on one of her employees.According to WCNC in North Carolina,Penny Craver, general manager of Dish in Plaza Midwood, says one of her employees, who s also a student, was really upset on Saturday after receiving a religious pamphlet from her guests and a less than 8-percent tip.Instead of just being angry, Craver actually did something about it. She looked up the church named on the fake $20, Harbor Baptist Church in Charlotte, and fired off an email to the pastor condemning the action and suggesting a Sunday sermon about fair monetary exchange.Here s the email in its entirety via WCNC.Pastor Simmons:I am the general manager of Dish (restaurant) in Plaza Midwood. Imagine one of my server s surprise when she received a small pamphlet (Every one of us will face eternity one day) instead of a tip when she served what I assume was one of your congregation. Her particular religious beliefs are not discussed at work; however, I do know that this pamphlet can not pay her mortgage or her electric bill. It concerns me that someone would consider a pamphlet fair monetary exchange. Suppose your congregation felt it was sufficient to tithe their personal writings instead of 10% of their income. Your church wouldn t be paying their bills for very long. I think it would be great if you used this in a sermon. Pride, one of the 7 Deadly Sins, is considered, on almost every list, the original and most serious of the seven deadly sins: the source of the others. It is identified as believing that one is essentially better than others, failing to acknowledge the accomplishments of others, and excessive admiration of the personal self (especially holding self out of proper position toward God). I think it could be educational for at least one member of your congregation. Thank you very much for your time.And it seems to have worked. Pastor Simmons has allegedly spoken to the congregant who left the crappy tip and says it won t happen again, and if it does, the church will make it right. Craver certainly hopes the church keeps their word, especially since this has happened several times in the last few months.Featured Image: Twitter",0
8435," Homeless Veterans Group Asked Trump For A Donation, So He Sent Them Bumper Stickers","As we ve all heard from Trump, he didn t skip the debate because the thought of facing a woman who is willing to confront him turns his pants just a little brown, or because Fox News would not pay him $5 million for the appearance. Instead, he just wanted to do something nice for America s veterans. According to the billionaire, the rally he scheduled to air on Fox s competing networks during the debate raised a whopping $6 million for Veterans. Unfortunately, this money all went to the Donald J. Trump Foundation, which has an abysmal history of helping those who have served our country, with less than 1% of donations going to that particular cause.While Trump is perfectly willing to hide behind our Vets as he pretends that he s not scared of being challenged by Megyn Kelly, a simply look at his recent history reveals how much he actually cares about people who, unlike him, put on a uniform and served our nation. Last year, New York-based Veterans-in-Command, an organization that helps homeless veterans, reached out to The Donald for a donation.More than a year ago, New York-based Veterans-in-Command, an organization that helps homeless veterans, reached out to The Donald for a donation.While one might assume that Trump would jump at the opportunity to help out, time went by and they received no response until just before Trump s little debate day stunt, when the cash-strapped organization got some mail from the Trump campaign. But what was inside was not something that can feed or house those in need   unless, of course, someone feel like eating or building a home out of bumper stickers. Unfortunately we are unable to make donations from the campaign,  reads a handwritten note in the envelope.  Team Trump.  The letter informs the organization that Mr. Trump is very passionate about giving veterans the best life possible!  Included was a few Trump campaign bumper stickers. Afterward, Veterans-in-Command began receiving emails from the Trump campaign asking them for money.via NY Daily NewsThe group finds this response puzzling because they did not write to the Trump campaign. We never wrote to his campaign,  said Veterans-in-Command President Larry Robertson.  Now they want us to get out there and campaign and be on his team? Without the veterans, he wouldn t be where he is today.  The news that Trump had raised money to help Veterans  groups further confounds Robertson and his membership. It just doesn t make any sense. He s campaigning for donations for veterans,  said Rodney Moore, a retired U.S. Coast Guard petty officer who works with Veterans-In-Command.  We were a little deflated. After taking a proverbial beating for funneling money to his own Foundation, Trump finally released a list of 22 groups the donated money will benefit. Veterans-In-Command was not on the list despite reaching out to the billionaire 2016 hopeful.But, hey, at least they got some bumper stickers and campaign emails. After all, they re sure to support him after all this, aren t they?Featured image via NY Daily News/screengrab",0
8436," Hypocrisy In Georgia: Teen Charged In Accidental Shooting Death, While Parents Largely Go Unprosecuted","A 17-year-old teenager is dead today after his 16-year-old friend accidentally shot him in the face with an unsecured gun. Now the teen who shot him is facing dire consequences.According to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution a group of boys were playing with a loaded gun inside an apartment complex when the shooting occurred. Relatives of the boys, who ranged from ages 13 to 17, told reporters that they were all friends or cousins.The 16-year-old was apparently holding the gun just after midnight when it discharged and struck the older boy in the face. After the shooting the  suspect  ran home and told his family that he shot someone. The family members drove him back to the scene where he was arrested and charged with involuntary manslaughter.In 2014, News 21 found that 28,000 children and teens are killed each year in the United States by firearms. To put this into perspective, that means that for every soldier who was killed in Afghanistan (over eleven years) at least thirteen kids were killed in America.Teenagers between the ages of 15 and 19 made up over two-thirds of all youth gun deaths in America.The News21 findings are compiled in the most complete database to date from records obtained from 49 state health departments and FBI Supplementary Homicide Reports.Many of the children who are killed each year die in an  unintentional  shooting. Often times these  accidents  happen because they or another child get their hands on an unsecured weapon and it discharges. As a matter of fact, American children are SIXTEEN times more likely to be killed in an accidental shooting than their counterparts in other industrialized nations.Although the kid in this case was charged with a crime, negligent parents rarely are. Twenty-seven states (Georgia included) and the District of Columbia have child access prevention (CAP) laws; these laws hold parents responsible when their children access a gun and someone is hurt   but enforcement is almost nonexistent. According to the Shreveport Times police often feel guilty charging parents who are grieving the loss of a child.Slate reported:Even in states where these laws exist, they re both inconsistent standards and penalties for culpability vary widely from state to state and inconsistently applied, with prosecutors often choosing not to pursue cases against negligent parents out of sympathy, perhaps, or a sense that these cases are hard to win. And that s understandable: These shootings are tragedies, after all, and why compound a family s misery by sending a grieving parent to jail? But CAP laws are only effective as a deterrent if they re vigorously enforced.So parents get away with their negligence, but a scared 16-year-old kid is charged with a crime. As a mother, this appalls me. I would fully expect to be charged with a crime if my son picked up my gun and hurt himself or someone else. As adults we are responsible for keeping our little humans as safe as we can and if we do something that was so neglectful that someone dies as a result, we should be charged.To give us a pass, but prosecute a child is mind-boggling. Meanwhile, this shooting and this shooting and this shooting  all go unprosecuted in the same state.Featured image via Freakout Nation",0
8437, President Trump? Masked Nationalists Beat Up Refugee Children (VIDEO),"A group of thugs marched through the main train station in Stockholm, Sweden and beat up refugee children and anyone who didn t appear to be ethnically Swedish. It is a shocking moment of anti-migrant violence as Europe deals with the fallout from the Syrian civil war.Wearing all-black balaclavas and armbands, the men  gathered with the purpose of attacking refugee children,  Stockholm police spokesperson Towe Hagg said. I saw maybe three people who were beaten. That was no football brawl or something similar. They targeted migrants. I was quite scared and ran away,  an eyewitness told the Aftonbladet newspaper.Before the attacks, the mob handed out leaflets with the slogan  It is enough now!  which threatened to give  the North African street children who are roaming around  the  punishment they deserve .The rhetoric of the attackers sounds unsettling like what we have been hearing every night at Donald Trump s presidential rallies. He launched his campaign with an explicitly white power message, blaming Mexicans for being  rapists,  then arguing in favor of a national registry of Muslims and banning them from traveling to the United States.Trump s rhetoric has already led to violence here. One group of Massachusetts men beat up a Latino man while citing Trump, while at his rallies Trump has egged on his supporters who have attacked and mistreated black protesters.The rise of the nationalist right in Europe has used mass migration as its excuse of the moment, blaming economic hardships and slowdowns on migrants with different colored skin and ethnic and religious backgrounds has been a trope of the extremist right for ages.The Republican Party and the mainstream press have both been afraid to call out Trump and his backers for their blatant hate, and while it seems unspeakable, we re not that different from the people in Europe. Maybe it could happen here.Featured image via YouTube",0
8438, Bill O’Reilly Hilariously Reminds Rick Santorum That He Is No Longer Relevant (VIDEO),"Rick Santorum has been whining about not getting attention from the media, so Bill O Reilly hilarious broke the news to the conservative extremist candidate that nobody cares about him anymore.Earlier this week, Santorum accused the media of  predetermining  the presidential race before Iowans vote. Santorum then complained about never being invited on Fox News to be interviewed by Megyn Kelly or Bill O Reilly despite announcing his campaign last May.As you ll recall, Santorum ran for president in 2012 and nearly captured the Republican nomination, which is in stark contrast to 2016 as his latest campaign is nothing short of an absolute joke. Santorum has been unable to climb out of the low single digits in the polls, even though he has name recognition and conservative voters surely remember who he is.But clearly, things have changed in four years and Santorum is no longer the golden boy of the conservative movement. That mantle is now owned by Donald Trump and to a lesser extent, Ted Cruz. A fact which O Reilly broke down for Santorum in simple words so he could understand: I feel Rick Santorum s pain,  O Reilly said. He is absolutely correct; we have not had him on The Factor. But there is a reason for that. We re not in the campaigning business. We do not put politicians on the air simply to spout their slogans. That s what ads are for. We cover the news and when a politician is in the news then they get on the program. That s why Donald Trump gets so much air time. He s dominating the news cycle by injecting controversy into the political arena. Then O Reilly dropped the hammer on Santorum and his remaining hopes to revive his struggling campaign. Honestly, we looked for a reason to put Santorum on, but we couldn t find any. His poll numbers are very low, his campaign strategy is what it was four years ago. There s simply nothing new. Here s the video via YouTube:Poor Rick Santorum. He ll just have settle for being number one on Google for all the wrong reasons.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
8439, Ted Cruz Accepts Endorsement Of Pastor Who Says God Sent Hitler To Kill The Jews (VIDEO),"Ted Cruz proudly announced the latest endorsement of his presidential bid. It comes from Pastor Mike Bickle, founder and director of the International House of Prayer of Kansas City. Bickle is a figure well known for his attack on on same sex-marriage, calling it a sign of the end of times. He has also blamed the Jews for the Holocaust. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hE_AOR2JBE]In a 2011 speech, Bickle suggested that millions of Jews were exterminated during the Holocaust because they didn t accept  God s gift,  Jesus Christ. He quoted Jeremiah 16:16 from the Bible to explain why Hitler murdered millions of Jews. He said: The Lord says, I m going to give all 20 million of them the chance to respond to the fishermen. And I give them grace.  And he says,  And if they don t respond to grace, I m going to raise up the hunters.  And the most famous hunter in recent history is a man named Adolf Hitler. It doesn t get more anti-Semitic than this guy. His statement not only blames Jews for the Holocaust, but also justifies it: because Jews didn t accept Jesus, they deserved to die.Bickle also says that in the coming end of days, Jews will be put in prison and death camps. When all is said and done, 2/3rds of the Jewish population will be destroyed and off to hell because they didn t accept Jesus. Thus, not only were they murdered for not accepting Jesus, the Jews will be murdered again for continuing their rejection of Jesus.Ted Cruz is excited about the endorsement of the genocidal Bickle. He said: Through prayer, the Lord has changed my life and altered my family s story. I am grateful for Mike s dedication to call a generation of young people to prayer and spiritual commitment. Heidi and I are grateful to have his prayers and support. With the support of Mike and many other people of faith, we will fight the good fight, finish the course, and keep the faith. Cruz and Bickle are of the same ilk and ideology when it comes to religion and so it should come as no surprise to all of us that Cruz would be proud of this endorsement. Bickle s statements are not only anti-Semitic, but they are also genocidal. To actually believe that Jews have been and will be exterminated because they don t believe in Jesus (whatever that means) justifies the Holocaust and also justifies a future one for millions of so-called Christians.Featured Image Via Wikimedia Commons.",0
8440, There’s One Thing Trump Is More Sensitive About Than His Hair – And It’s Hilarious (IMAGES),"Here s something not everybody knows about: Vanity Fair s Graydon Carter once called Donald Trump a  short-fingered vulgarian  in an article. Ever since that time, Trump has sent him odd little letters defending his small hands, digits, whatever you want to call them.You d think Trump does this kind of thing for more publicity (there s always that inkling of possibility) but not so, in this case, says Mr. Carter.Here he is in his own words, describing how much it bothers Trump, and the  lengths  Trump has gone to dismiss the writer s claims: Just to drive him a little bit crazy, I took to referring to him as a  short-fingered vulgarian  in the pages of Spy magazine. That was more than a quarter of a century ago. To this day, I receive the occasional envelope from Trump. There is always a photo of him generally a tear sheet from a magazine. On all of them he has circled his hand in gold Sharpie in a valiant effort to highlight the length of his fingers. I almost feel sorry for the poor fellow because, to me, the fingers still look abnormally stubby. The most recent offering arrived earlier this year, before his decision to go after the Republican presidential nomination. Like the other packages, this one included a circled hand and the words, also written in gold Sharpie:  See, not so short!  I sent the picture back by return mail with a note attached, saying,  Actually, quite short.  Which I can only assume gave him fits. Now the internet is finally catching on, and in this day in age of social media, Twitter, Facebook, and internet memes to boot, the combination is quite hysterical. There s even an entire page on Twitter devoted to making fun of Trump s fingers, called, you guessed it, Trumpfingers.But, Trumpfingers isn t the only one getting in on the action. A simple search on Twitter of  Trump fingers  or  Trump small hands  will display all sorts of results. As if the internet didn t already have enough memes mocking Trump, now there s more on a different subject matter entirely.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Twitter.Pic via Wikimedia.It sounds silly once you think about it, but the fact that it bothers Trump is even sillier. No one wants to worsen any further Trump s apparent body dysmorphic disorder, but nobody said politics was easy. If Trump was even halfway as nice to Muslims at his rallies as they are to him, we might lay off of it. But guys like him don t deserve any remorse from us.If everybody shows up to vote this November, you can rest assured Donald Trump will NEVER get the privilege of holding up his  short-fingered vulgarian  hands to administer the oath of office of president. Let s make sure that doesn t happen.Featured image via Facebook",0
8441, Hillary Clinton Did Not Send ‘Top Secret’ Emails On Private Server,"On January 29, the U.S. State Department announced that the agency had identified 37 pages of  top secret emails  among the 55,000 pages of emails contained on former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s private email server.Not surprisingly, Clinton s GOP rivals went straight to work spreading half-truths and misinformation about the announcement.As former Chair of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee Dianne Feinstein pointed out in a statement on Friday, several key facts are being left out of the narrative surrounding the announcement.For starters, the 37 pages of  top secret  communication actually involve only seven chain emails. Each of these seven emails was sent to a larger group of recipients, including the former Secretary of State.None of the  top secret emails  were sent from Hillary Clinton s private server.All of the emails originated from within the State Department s unclassified system. None of them contained the mandatory  top secret  label which is required for all classified communication.During a press conference on Friday, State Dept. spokesperson John Kirby told reporters that the emails were being withheld because they meet the definition of top secret communication now.Kirby also stressed that the emails were not marked classified at the time that they were sent. Was the information contained in the emails considered classified at the time they were sent? Keep in mind that all 55,000 of Clinton s emails were sent between March 2009 and February 2013. Since the State Department regularly raises the status of unclassified material to the level of classified, it s more than likely the content of these seven emails was not considered classified when it was sent.According to Clinton campaign spokesman Brian Fallon,  in at least one case, the emails appear to involve information from a published news article. The last time the GOP went wild with claims that Clinton had  top secret emails  on her private server, we later found out that the information had been retroactively classified by the FBI.To summarize:In other words, this is not the huge scandal republicans were hoping for. Instead, it s just another baseless right wing attack on Hillary Clinton that falls apart under even the slightest amount of scrutiny.Featured image credit: Pixabay",0
8442, What Facebook Just Did About Guns Is Going To Drive The NRA Insane,"Facebook announced that it will be banning its users from arranging private gun sales over both the main Facebook site and its photo-sharing site Instagram.While these new rules do not apply to licensed gun dealers, who can still post with the stipulation that they do not conduct purchases on the site, it does apply to private one-on-one sales that do not require background checks in many states.What is very important is that the move covers gun parts and ammunition as well. The banning of ammunition sales is obviously effective since without massive amounts of bullets you can t have massive amounts of gun violence. The fact it applies to gun parts is significant as well. Federal law doesn t currently cover some gun parts, like an  unfinished lower receiver.  They are treated as  not a gun  if they are 80 percent or less complete. This allows them to be sold without serial numbers or background checks. If you provide the parts to someone who is experienced enough to complete them, you basically have what will make an untraceable gun. Afterward, they can be assembled with other parts into a fully functional firearm. Some websites even sell the machines to complete receivers and boast about the fact you can build unserialized firearms legally in your own home.Facebook s status as a non-governmental entity gives it more control over what it can allow on its network. It simply doesn t matter if a person s slightly unfinished gun parts are legal to sell to anyone without background checks. Facebook can restrict whatever they want, just like they do with marijuana, pharmaceuticals or other illegal material. This helps tremendously in curbing the ways federal law has failed us.Facebook s head of product policy, Monika Bickert, said  Over the last two years, more and more people have been using Facebook to discover products and to buy and sell things to one another. We are continuing to develop, test and launch new products to make this experience even better for people and are updating our regulated goods policies to reflect this evolution. Do you think that any Republicans will be boycotting Facebook now? What will their alternative be?featured image via wikicommons",0
8443, Ammon Bundy Just Got Sweet Justice Handed To Him By A Federal Judge (VIDEO),"Ammon Bundy and his armed ganged of militants have upset an entire nation over the last couple of weeks for their supposed special treatment by the police. While that did appear to be the case for the longest time, the raid was partially broken up by authorities after a shootout with one of Bundy s pals, LaVoy Finicum. Now, a federal court is refusing to give people that same impression   and they re sending the message loud and clear: There will be NO special treatment after laws have been broken, no matter who you think you are.On Friday, U.S. District Court judge Stacie Beckerman told Ammon Bundy and his brother that they would remain in jail and not be let out on bail pending their trial on federal conspiracy charges.If anyone knows anything about the court system, it s not a quick process. That means Ammon Bundy is going to be in jail for a long time. That should give him quite a long time to think about what he s done, and it should also discourage other so-called armed militants calling themselves  Federalists  out to protect peoples  rights from thinking they can get away with breaking the law, too.Pic via Twitter.The reason for the denial should come as no surprise, though: there are still four militants occupying the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. If the judge released Bundy or any of the other perpetrators already arrested, they could simply return to the building. And   that s exactly what prosecutors communicated to the court before bail was denied. They also hilariously used the Bundys own words against them: This creates an inherent risk of flight. Moreover, [their] own statements demonstrate his unwillingness to comply with the terms of pretrial supervision.On August 16, 2015, Bundy posted on Facebook that  There is no justice in a federal court. The feds have used the courts to take rights, not protect them.' #breakingnews Read US Attorney s reason for wanting Ammon Bundy kept in jail #koin6news #Oregonstandoff pic.twitter.com/Yn6CZe5h8j  Dan Tilkin (@DanTilkinKOIN6) January 29, 2016We have a strange feeling Bundy didn t like the judge s decision. That s just a good guess.Meanwhile, the rest of the gang is refusing to standdown unless they re promised no charges will be made by the FBI. Take a look at the latest video posted below. These guys really do think they re special. Whenever their supplies and snacks run out, expect them to meet the same fate as Bundy.Featured image via screen capture.",0
8444, WATCH: Ted Cruz Lies Straight To The Camera After Trump Calls Him A Canadian Anchor Baby,"Ted Cruz was approached at a campaign stop in New Hampshire and asked to give a response to Trump s latest attack, in which he calls Cruz a  Canadian anchor baby.  In and of itself, the question was not that fruitful   but what is important is how Cruz handled it. Basically, all it told us was that Ted Cruz is great at lying (not like we didn t already know that).Senator Cruz looked right at the camera and after giving out a jolly laugh, said: I like Donald. And   he s welcome to say whatever he likes. I like and respect him. That s all I got to say and right now its up to the voters to decide. He likes and respects him? How can that even be believable for a second? He didn t even say it sarcastically. No wonder nobody likes Ted Cruz; he doesn t even respect himself with the truth.While it s commendable that Ted Cruz would not resort to any further attacks, he s doing a greater disservice by lending further legitimacy to a guy that deserves ZERO political respect from the voters. And   he didn t even mean it. Next thing you know this clip will be used in another campaign ad by Trump as proof that he s a  respectable guy.  Yet   he s nowhere close to it. Ted Cruz needs to grow some balls.While it is true that Cruz and Trump had a bromance before Ted Cruz started rising in the polls, whatever love and affection they had for each other effectively ended when Donald began attacking him below the belt in every way imaginable. How can Ted Cruz respect someone who just a few weeks ago referred to him a  nasty guy.  The full quote is much, much worse than that: Look, the truth is, he s a nasty guy. He was so nice to me. I mean, I knew it. I was watching. I kept saying,  Come on Ted. Let s go, okay.  But he s a nasty guy. Nobody likes him. Nobody in Congress likes him. Nobody likes him anywhere once they get to know him. He s a very  - he s got an edge that s not good. You can t make deals with people like that and it s not a good thing. It s not a good thing for the country. Very nasty guy. Video of Trump calling Ted Cruz  an anchor baby in Canada  https://t.co/lI6wle9E2b  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) January 29, 2016Ted Cruz doesn t respect Donald Trump; he just doesn t want to deal with any more attacks from him. He can t stand up for himself, pure and simple.Featured image via screen capture.",0
8445, Hate Group Leader Claims Gay People Are Imposing Islamic Tax On American Christians (AUDIO),"Mat Staver, leader of the legal organization Liberty Counsel, has declared that gay people in America are imposing a  jizya  style tax on American Christians. Jizya refers to a tax levied on non-Muslim subjects living in a Muslim land under Islamic law.Since gay people have to date had zero successes in directly taxing only American Christians, the context Staver is trying to apply will need some explanation.Staver is trying to reclassify legal fines for  Christians  violating anti-discrimination laws as a tax on American Christians for  living their life by their spiritual beliefs.  A well-known example of this is the case of Sweet Cakes by Melissa. The bakery denied serving a same-sex couple and ended up paying over $135,000 in state ordered damages and fines.The line Staver is trying to draw between these two issues is completely ridiculous. Literally anybody who would deny service to a same-sex couple or even a gay individual, simply because they re gay, would fall under these civil laws. They could be an atheist who just has an irrational hatred and fear of gay people. It also isn t a tax, because a tax is something you pay regularly regardless of bad behavior or lack thereof. These bigots only pay the penalty when they do something wrong.Liberty Counsel has unsurprisingly been labeled a hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center, due to the fact they devote most of their time to defending bigots and other forms of persecution by Christians against Americans. Staver himself is a Young Earth Creationist who believes that  intelligent design  should be taught in public schools. He denies evolution exists and has fought in the past to deny women rights to their own bodies, as well as trying to sabotage the Affordable Care Act.It s worth noting that gay people used to actually pay a fee for being gay in some cases. One person shared a story of how she and her wife paid an extra $1,820 per year because their marriage was not federally recognized. This was due to her being on her wife s health insurance plan, and the company she worked for had to treat it as additional taxable income due to DOMA, when it was still active. Gay people didn t have a choice to pay this. Bigots always have a choice. They just make the wrong one every single time, and that isn t our fault.Listen to Stayers comments about gay taxation below:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/243882433  params= auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true  width= 100%  height= 450  iframe= true  /]Featured image via youtube screen capture",0
8446, Carly Fiorina Made A Killing Off Of Those ‘Baby Parts’–Because All Cash Is Sacred (VIDEO),"Carly Fiorina has joined the ranks of the biggest hypocrites of all time. Joining the likes of Josh Duggar, Sarah Palin and Kim Davis, Fiorina has committed the ultimate of egregious errors: She worked for a company that profited from fetal stem cell research.In a scathing report from Al Jazeera America, Fiorina was exposed for collecting some $83000 working for a major pharmaceutical company:Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina, a staunch opponent of abortion, made at least $83,000 serving on the board of directors of Merck & Co. at a time when the pharmaceutical company was producing vaccines using fetal stem cell lines derived from aborted fetuses, according to corporate documents reviewed by Al Jazeera America. The program  Inside Story  with Ray Suarez also obtained documents indicating that during Fiorina s tenure on the board, anti-abortion groups had asked Merck to stop producing such vaccines, and that the company had refused.How can someone be so openly  pro-life  and still cash a check earned at least in part by the use of fetal tissue? That s easy: She s a Republican. Republicans live by a different code. All things American should  follow the constitution,  unless it s something they don t like. They cherry-pick parts of the First Amendment to ignore. They ignore the 14th Amendment altogether. They don t recognize the power of the Supreme Court under article 3 section 2 unless you re talking about Hobby Lobby or Citizen s United.Carly Fiorina touts herself as a candidate from  outside of the establishment.  Sure she is. She s a multi-millionaire former CEO who will look directly into the camera and lie to our faces. She destroyed people s lives at Hewlett-Packard and refuses to take responsibility for it. She answers the bulk of questions she s asked with   Hillary Clinton emails.  She s exactly what the GOP loves to see. She fits in rather perfectly with the likes of Jeb Bush, Chris Christie and John Kasich.Here she is at GOP debate Thursday night talking about just how much she loves those precious little fetuses and doubling down on her lies: Featured image by Gage Skidmore",0
8447, Fractivists Claim Victory Against This Fracking Danger You’ve Probably Never Heard Of,"The Center for Biological Diversity just announced that they have won a major lawsuit against the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management. The lawsuit was settled in the U.S. District Court in Los Angeles. The lawsuit will put a moratorium on fracking that is occurring off the coast of California. It may have future importance in determining the fate of off shore fracking in the Gulf Coast. This halt to offshore fracking is a huge victory for California s coastal environment,  said Kristen Monsell, a Center attorney.  Offshore fracking is a dirty and dangerous practice that has absolutely no place in our ocean. The federal government certainly has no right to give the oil industry free rein to frack offshore at will. A lot of attention has been paid to the fracking that is going on in people s backyards. That s under stable. Anyone who has seen the infamous fire faucet from Gasland, or heard about the increased number of earthquakes fracking related activity is causing, should be concerned about their back yard. Be that as it may, there has been a huge boom in offshore fracking that is putting North America s coasts in danger. Until now, America s coast has been a virtual free-for-all for the fracking industry.The fracking industry has permission from the federal government to dump 9 billion gallons of waste water from fracking operations into the ocean. That wastewater comes from their 200 oil platforms that are found off the coast of California. That waste water contains chemicals from the fracking process. Unfortunately, most of the chemicals commonly used in fracking process are considered  trade secrets  making it so that the public is not able to find out what chemicals are being used. Every offshore frack puts coastal communities and marine wildlife at risk from dangerous chemicals or another devastating oil spill,  Monsell said.  Once federal officials take a hard look at the dangers, they ll have to conclude that offshore fracking is far too big of a gamble with our oceans  life-support systems. They ll have to stop authorizing it for good. It might be a bit optimistic to say that settlement will lead to a complete end to federal authorization of offshore fracking. However, the new requirements that the fracking industry will have to go through in order to get authorization are substantial. This is a major paperwrench to the fracking industry, that will in the very least delay new offshore fracking operations.Featured Image Credit: By Ken Lund [CC BY-SA 2.0], via Wikimedia Commons",0
8448," Chicago Cop Executes Mentally Ill Black Teen, Then Sues Family For ‘Emotional Distress’ (VIDEO)","Cops are out of control when it comes to getting away with murdering black people with impunity and without consequence. The case you re about to read about just got much, much worse, though.As we recently reported, Chicago cop Robert Rialmo shot and killed Quintonio LeGrier when the teen called the authorities for help three times, only to be hung up on. Another casualty of the trigger-happy Rialmo was 55-year-old Bettie Jones. As if the murders weren t bad enough, the cops already investigated themselves and cleared themselves of all wrongdoing, as seems to be so typical in these cases. But it gets worse. Much worse.As if this family hasn t been through enough, Rialmo is now suing the LeGrier family for  emotional distress  after he murdered their child.Also, it smacks of a potential cover-up, because Mayor Rahm Emanuel was forced to release text messages relating to the shooting. One string alluded to his probing to see what the media what up to, and what kind of coverage this story was getting. Emanuel s texts say, in part: Media acting breathlessly? You are positive no public negative reaction? Further, the LeGriers  lawyer, Bill Fourtis, has a very good point: Quintonio was shot in the back four times by this deranged cop. This lawsuit comes at an awfully convenient time   just as details that make what happened that night look less than kosher become public, and just as the LeGrier family sues the city of Chicago for the wrongful death of their loved one.This cop needs to be in jail, as does everyone involved what is clearly a cover-up.Watch a news report on this developing story below:Featured image via video screen capture from Latest",0
8449, This One GIF Perfectly Sums Up How Much Everyone Hates Ted Cruz (TWEETS),"Normally, it s not very nice to make fun of someone, but if you re someone as innately evil, smarmy, and calculated as Ted Cruz, well, that rule gets thrown out the window. To be blunt, he s not that likeable, and for good reason. He s the guy that wants to end marriage equality, repeal healthcare for millions, interpret the Constitution to his fancy, and make the Middle East  glow in the dark. Since the Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump decided he wouldn t show up to the debate on Thursday night because he was scared of Fox News Megyn Kelly, this left everyone s main focus of attack on the next guy in line   Ted Cruz. The poor Canadian-born senator didn t even seem to see it coming.And to sum up how everyone felt about Ted Cruz, not only at the debate, but pretty much in general, this GIF was born. It shows the senator being completely blown off by everyone, and on live television. No one even wanted to remotely entertain a conversation:The real takeaway from the #GOPDebate? This Ted Cruz snub. pic.twitter.com/WmUALKq4JD  Slate (@Slate) January 29, 2016From a different angle:As always, no one wants to talk to Ted Cruz https://t.co/4PftIi3Tp9 pic.twitter.com/lzaXUpUocp  Gawker (@Gawker) January 29, 2016And then to add insult to injury, Josh Barro chimed in with this:Lol Ted Cruz wandering awkwardly around the stage and no one wants to talk to him, like every party he went to at Princeton.  Josh Barro (@jbarro) January 29, 2016Aww, poor Cruz. Although, he makes it really hard to feel bad for him.Featured image: Gage Skidmore (flickr)",0
8450, ‘Black’ GOP Super PAC Is Secretly All-White,"A group of extremely wealthy white men are pretending to be black in order to help elect right-wing Republicans. The  Black Americans for a Better Future  Super PAC sounds like a political pressure group operated by African-Americans interested in politics, but documents filed with the Federal Elections Commission (FEC) show that all the money behind the group comes from white men.According to new Federal Election Commission (FEC) filings, the only people who donated to BABF last year (or at all   it was created in 2014) were super, super white. In fact, of the $417,250 in donations the super-pac received, $400,000 was from Robert Mercer, the hedge-fund CEO also known as Ted Cruz s sugar daddy.According to the Intercept, BABF exists solely for the benefit of Raynard Jackson, a Republican African-American political consultant based in Washington, D.C.Jackson is reportedly using the money pumped into the PAC in order to host events encouraging blacks to join the Republican Party. They need the help.In 2012, only 6% of black voters supported the Republican Party, while 93% of those voters supported President Obama s re-election campaign. The performance among Latino voters was not inspiring either. Only 27% of those voters backed Romney. And those votes came before many in the party s base had embraced the current party front-runner, Donald Trump. Trump of course has embraced a white nationalist approach to major issues, arguing that Mexicans are  rapists  and that Muslim travel to the United States has to be banned.A Super PAC masquerading as black voices while fueled by white dollars is sure to raise the already elevated suspicions of those who believe the conservative movement is disingenuous when it claims that it is interested in reaching out to minority voters.Instead the ploy gives the appearance of yet again another deceptive conservative enterprise, but with the added indignity of a financial minstrel show.Featured image via Flickr",0
8451, GOP Leader Admits Benghazi Was Used In Plot To Get Hillary (AUDIO),"Benghazi was just a ploy to hurt Hillary Clinton s shot at the presidency, admits Rep. Darrell Issa. Like other senior Republicans who have also admitted the truth about the right s never-ending Benghazi investigations, Issa opened up and told the truth to a friendly right-wing radio show. You know, people often ask Trey Gowdy and myself, what did our investigations do?  Rep. Darrell Issa (R-CA) told Boston Herald Radio on Friday morning. Gowdy currently chairs the House Select Committee on Benghazi, while Issa conducted his own investigation in 2012 when he served as chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Well what they did is that they opened up an opportunity for the American people to sort of smell what s in the garbage can,  Issa said.  And I think that s the reason that a devout socialist who wants to nationalize almost everything in America is close to and probably will beat Hillary here in New Hampshire. It s not because they like Republicans. It s because they don t trust Hillary. Multiple bipartisan investigations have repeatedly cleared Sec. Clinton and President Obama of malicious wrongdoing in response to the attack on the U.S. compound in Benghazi, Libya. Those investigations found that systemic problems in the policies protecting ambassadors and other diplomats on foreign soil led to the tragedy that killed Ambassador Chris Stevens and the contractors hired to provide security.That hasn t deterred the right from constantly invoking Benghazi, particularly in relation to Clinton s presidential campaign. Fox News and other conservative media outlets recently expressed the hope that the Michael Bay movie 13 Hours would provoke an outcry against Clinton outside of the circle of the right. Instead, the film has been a box office flop and is one of the worst-performing films ever released by the super-successful director.Just as screaming  Benghazi  failed to derail President Obama s re-election, it does not appear to be a potent force in halting Sec. Clinton s presidential campaign.Featured image via Flickr",0
8452," Bernie Sanders Just Got One Of The Most Important Endorsements Of His Campaign, So Far","Bernie Sanders just picked up one of the most important endorsements of his campaign. No, it isn t a politician, pundit, or, celebrity. It is Eric Garner s eldest daughter, Erica Garner. She, like too many others, is a family member of one of the victims of police brutality, and the racism that drives it. Her father s death helped catalyze the Black Lives Matter movement. Erica Garner has since worked as an activist. She is the founder of the Garner Way Foundation.Garner s endorsement comes in the form of a powerful essay, published in the Washington Post. In the endorsement, she writes about her disillusionment with a system that has for so long been able to pretend that the life of her father, her own, and all people of color s lives have mattered.She writes that: If our lives really mattered, we d have equal access to decent jobs, good schools and affordable housing. If our lives mattered in this country, we d have equal access to clean air, clean water and real investment in black neighborhoods. If black lives mattered in America, those who routinely brutalize us wouldn t be the ones paid, with our tax dollars, to keep us safe.I trusted establishment Democrats who claimed to represent me, only to later watch them ignore and explain away the injustice of my father s death. I trusted the system; then I watched as politicians on both sides of the aisle   from Chicago s Democratic Mayor Rahm Emanuel to Michigan s Republican Gov. Rick Snyder   disregard the will of the people they were elected to represent and abdicate their responsibility to protect them. I ve watched as our system criminalizes blackness while allowing Wall Street to bilk the American people with impunity. Sanders has met with quit a few family members of family members of high-profile victims of anti-black state violence. After taking a tour of the neighborhood Freddie Gray lived in, Sanders was disturbed, if unsurprised, by the deplorable economic conditions that people survive in. Anyone who took the walk that we took around this neighborhood would not think you are in a wealthy nation. You would think you are in a third world country,  Sanders said after the tour.Then of course, there is the chance meeting with the mother and sister of Sandra Bland that occurred, and was not initially reported to the media, where Sanders promised to keep saying Bland s name. Sanders was the only candidate to say her name during the first Democratic debate. The lawyer for Walter Scott s family publicly endorsed Sanders.In her endorsement, Garner lays out who she think s will be the best candidate to serve black people, by saying: Who will address the criminalization of our people? Who understands that we re experiencing an economic crisis made worse by structural barriers to jobs and education? Who will bring us closer to real safety, freedom and power? Who has clearly shown us where they stand?The answer is someone who started this work well before campaign season, who understands our deaths as tragedies   not political talking points   and someone who will speak out against the wars being waged against our communities. Not someone who only pays attention to our concerns when it s time to collect our votes. Not someone who gives us bread crumbs and expects us to be full.Black Americans   all Americans   need a leader with a record that speaks for itself. And to me, it s clear. Of all the presidential candidates, Sen. Bernie Sanders is our strongest ally. Earlier in January, Eric Garner s mother, Gwen Carr, endorsed Hillary Clinton. Her endorsement was put our in the form of a press release by the Clinton campaign. In the press release, Carr writes: Hillary seems to be the only candidate right now who s talking about how we can be strategic in trying to solve this problem. That s why I m endorsing her for president. In contrast, Garner sees Sanders as similar to President Obama. She writes that President Obama was decried as being too extreme and too inexperienced. I remember another candidate who dared me to believe in hope and change. His opponents said he wasn t ready for leadership. They said he couldn t win. He said, Yes, we can.  And we did. I still believe we can. That s why I endorse Bernie Sanders for president. There has been a stark generational divide between Clinton and Sanders supporters, this divide between two different members of the Garner family fits that pattern and shouldn t shock anyone. Both candidates have had some trouble when it comes to racial justice issues. Sanders has had trouble recognizing the non-economic ways that violence is inflicted on people of color. Clinton, (somewhat unfairly) has had to distance herself between the policies that her husband, former president Bill Clinton, ushered in in the 1990 s. Those policies led to the dismantlement of welfare as it was known, and in some ways helped create our current era of mass incarceration. Both candidates have  put out criminal justice reform packages. Here is Clinton s and here is Sanders .For some, the idea that anyone who works within the current political system will truly be an ally for people of color may be seen as wishful thinking. The politics of any movement that built on a collection of diasporic communities can be hard to nail down. Black Lives Matter is no different. But one thing is for sure, for many the  black vote  is no longer a guarantee for the Democratic Party.  That isn t to say that people of color are jumping ship to vote for Republicans. However, with snake people, especially those in more radical activist communities, you have to earn people s votes, and support.  Garner feels that Sanders has earned the title of being people of color s  strongest ally.  That status has a lot to do with Sanders  reaction to criticism of his racial justice package.Whether that proves to be true or not, only time will tell. Regardless of who is the eventual nominee, the public must continue to work towards pushing candidates to do more than pay lip service to traditionally marginalized communities. Change does not always come easy, but it does come when people remain persistent that their communities matter. You can read Garner s full endorsement here.Featured Image Credit: Gage Skidmore via Flickr ",0
8453, Proof Ted Cruz Only Wants The Already Healthy And Wealthy To Have Healthcare (VIDEO),"It has been the life s work of Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) to repeal the Affordable Care Act. He s obsessed, really. And it really seems to stem from not wanting President Obama to get credit for being the president that completely overhauled the healthcare system. Proof of this is in his response to any question regarding what he would do instead. He wants to repeal it   to make it his own.However, when Cruz was asked directly about his plan for healthcare during the most recent GOP debate, he answered, or rather didn t answer, the moderator s question.Fox News  Bret Baier asked Cruz: Today there are millions of people who gained health insurance from Obamacare and they now rely on it. So the question, Sen. Cruz, if you repeal Obamacare, as you say you will: Will you be fine if millions of those people don t have health insurance, and what is your specific plan for covering the uninsured? And here s Cruz s non-answer, completely dodging the question: If I am elected president, we will repeal every word of Obamacare. Now, once that is done, everyone agrees we need health care reform. It should follow the principles of expanding competition, empowering patients, and keeping government from getting between us and our doctors. Three specific reforms that reflect those principles: Number 1, we should allow people to purchase health insurance across state lines. That ll create a true 50-state national marketplace while will drive down the cost of low-cost catastropic health insurance. Number 2, we should expand health savings accounts so people can save in a tax-advantaged way for more routine health care needs. And Number 3, we should work to delink health insurance from employment, so if you lose your job, your health insurance goes with you, and it is personal, portable, and affordable, and I tell you, Bret I think that s a much more attractive vision for health care than the Washington-driven, top-down Obamacare that is causing so many millions to hurt. To summarize: Cruz wants to make it so healthcare is only available on the free market, and with regard to what his plan for those who become uninsured due to the repeal of Obamacare, well, he doesn t have one.One of the key components to the Affordable Healthcare Act is making sure insurance companies can no longer deny coverage based upon preexisting conditions. If the law is repealed, healthcare companies will be able to go back to these harmful practices and leave control of coverage back in the hands of for-profit care. Thus, in the hands of those who see it in their best interest to deny care to those they may deem too expensive to cover, because it would harm profits. Cruz seems to be in favor of this happening, since he didn t even touch upon it in his response.In addition, Cruz wants to make it so those who are covered by their employers are no longer covered, and would have to completely pay out-of-pocket for care. This makes it remarkably hard for those in low wage earning positions to even remotely dream of having care. The only people Cruz s plan helps are the wealthy and business owners who will no longer be required to offer coverage to their employees. His plan is in no way whatsoever beneficial to the average American. However, he words it in such a smarmy, salesman-type way that the average American won t pick up on the scam.Cruz wants the government completely out of healthcare which sounds great on paper if you only think of things in black and white. However, the reality of the situation is millions of people rely on the government subsidies granted in the Affordable Care Act, millions also rely upon Medicaid, and even more rely upon the fact that Obamacare makes it so insurance companies can t deny a person based upon a preexisiting condition.Don t fall for the evils of Cruz in his effort to bring America back to an era of people dying because they can t afford coverage, which is exactly what he is proposing.  Video/Featured image: Slate",0
8454, Video Of Man Casually Doing Interview After Just Being Shot Goes Viral (VIDEO),"A Quincy, Il, man was shot in the hourly hours of Thursday morning and then right after, did an interview while smoking a cigarette, in what appears to be one of the most interesting interviews of the year.[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_wMhAFL188]The Quincy man, Devon, was  in the room, kicking like I usually do, drinking,  when someone fired bullets through his apartment, striking him in the chest.Despite the danger, Devon said that he  wasn t trippin, it was a petty wound and sh*t.  The first thing he thought about wasn t his wound though. His main concern was to get his son out of the way. Luckily, his son wasn t hurt.During the interview, Devon lifted his shirt to show his bandages from the wound, casually shrugging off the event, saying some people  probably want [him] dead  and are  on some other stuff. One can t help but notice how unaffected, calm, and desensitized Devon seems to be, at least while conducting the interview. Even the journalist, Reyna Harvey, who was interviewing him is calm, which lead Chad Douglas a broadcaster at the studio to lament that the entire event was  incredible. While the event is indeed incredible, there seems to be something quite eerie about the desensitization of all involved in this almost tragic event. Let s hope that Devon makes a full recovery from his wounds.Feature Image Via YouTube Screenshot",0
8455, Oklahoma GOP Bill Would Ban Suicidal LGBT Teens From Seeking Help From Pro-Gay Therapists,"If Oklahoma Republicans have their way, the suicide rate among LGBT teens will skyrocket.LGBT teens are, by far, the most vulnerable group within the LGBT community because they are not considered adults yet and therefore are subject to the will of their parents, teachers, and school administrators. Many teens are scared to reveal their sexuality out of fear that they will be ostracized and discriminated against.And that appears to be exactly what Oklahoma State Rep. Sally Kerns wants since she has introduced several anti-gay bills this year as part of her ongoing hate crusade against gay people.The most egregious bill of the three is HB 3044, which forbids school officials from referring gay students in crisis to councilors or therapists who would actually treat them like human beings.According to Slate,The bill states that no public school  counselor, therapist, social worker, administrator, teacher or other individual  can  refer a student under the age of eighteen  to any  individual, organization or entity  if the referral  pertain[s] to human sexuality.  In fact, public school counselors can t even  provide the contact information, business card, brochure or other informational materials  of a gay-friendly organization to students.The only way students would get to see gay friendly therapists is if they notify their parents, which would out them as being gay, thus making the situation worse and opening themselves up to further ridicule and bullying that could push them over the edge.But that s not the only bill Kerns is pushing to persecute gay people.HB 1598 would protect ex-gay conversion therapy, even though the American Psychiatric Association opposes it. And this bill works perfectly with HB 3044 because it would funnel gay teens to anti-gay therapists who would likely pressure their patients to enter such a program.And then there is SB 733, which would ban anyone with HIV or other  communicable or infectious diseases  from getting married.These bills are specifically designed to discriminate against gay people. And the laws are particularly cruel toward gay teens who need understanding and caring professionals to talk to instead of hateful people who will only make things worse. It s like Republicans are literally trying to make sure these kids commit suicide and that should make every parent sick despite how you might feel about homosexuality.Featured Image: Children s Advocate",0
8456," ‘Responsible Gun Owner’ Holds Children At Gunpoint, Lectures Them About Crime","On Wednesday, three young Washington teens received a terrifying  lesson  from one of the people the NRA says will save us from any and all danger. Kitsap Sheriff s deputies are investigating an incident in which a man held three 13-year-olds at gunpoint while he lectured them about crime in the area.The teens, who were playing an innocent game of basketball in a community court, say the man approached them. According to the kids, he had been dropped off by another man in a silver pickup truck with orange cab lights. He shined a flashlight at the children then pointed a semi-automatic pistol and told them he was not  playing around,  ordering them face-down on the ground.The Kitsap Sun reports that the man, who is described as a caucasian in his 60s or 70s with white hair, interrogated them about what they were doing, and informed the frightened teens that there had been a rash of car thefts and vandalism in the area. He told the kids he had been asked to  investigate  by a neighbor.After the interrogation, the pickup truck returned and another white man got, heavyset with grayish hair, got out and shook the kids  hands, patting one on the back. The gun-toting gentleman got in the truck and they drove off. Police are still investigating the incident.Unfortunately, this is where we are at in America. Two men, empowered by the NRA and Republicans  rhetoric that places them as judge, jury, and executioner, conducted their own firearm-assisted  interrogation  against three children who had done nothing worse than playing basketball in the evening. Murika.Featured image via CheezCrunch",0
8457, Carson Campaign Demands Gay Soldiers Go Back In The Closet Lest They Get Too ‘Militant’ About It,"Ben Carson is having a really bad week. He s had a lot of bad weeks recently, but this one is particularly bad.The last Republican debate was considered Carson s do or die moment and he died  unambiguously  while we all watched. The once rising star of the 2016 election went out, not with a bang, but with a characteristic whisper. A soft, monotone word salad. His trademark. By the end of the night, Carson was misquoting the preamble to the Constitution and perhaps slowly realizing that this would be the last time many people would ever remember he ever had run for president at all.The very next day, while Carson slept off his post-relevancy hangover and waited to come in 6th in Iowa, his campaign chairman Robert Dees was talking to reporters. Normally this would be a good thing, but Dees happens to be a raging homophobe and the questions happened to be about gay soldiers.Speaking with radio host Alan Colmes, Dees was insistent that gay people cannot be allowed to be open about their sexual orientation or risk destroying the entire military. Well the ultimate test for military effectiveness is readiness, it s cohesion, and anything that detracts from that is important. Dr. Carson often says it s important for people to have rights in accordance with life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness in the U.S. Constitution, but no particular group ought to have extra rights. Why would the right to be yourself be considered an  extra  right? Dees explains: Where the extra rights come in is when the gays in the military become somewhat militaristic to the detriment of unit cohesion,  he said.Dees added that a question to be considered in determining policy toward gay people in the military was,  whether they, in the military, flaunt it and disrupt cohesion. Heaven forbid soldiers become too militaristic in the military. However, Dees was not talking about fighting. He was worried that gay people would use their secret weapon:  Flaunting  their gayness.What makes Dees  statements so cringeworthy is that he isn t just an idiot, he s an idiot who used to be a general in the military. As such, he might have bothered to read up on the military s own research into how gay people effect a unit s cohesion. All the way back in 2010, the Pentagon was telling the president and the nation that repealing  don t ask, don t tell  and letting gay people serve openly did nothing but bring the military in line with where the country already was. The general lesson we take from   transformational experiences in history is that in matters of personnel change within the military, predictions and surveys tend to overestimate negative consequences, and underestimate the U.S. military s ability to adapt and incorporate within it ranks the diversity that is reflective of American society at large,  the report concluded.Going further:This report confirms that  by every measure   from unit cohesion to recruitment and retention to family readiness   we can transition to a new policy in a responsible manner that ensures our military strength and national security,  Obama said in a written statement.Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and the Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen were also strongly in favor of dropping the ludicrous DADT policy. Since its dissolution, the military hasn t crumbled. Nobody is  flaunting  anything. The military continues to be one of the strongest and best trained fighting forces in the world.Dees is certainly living in a fantasy world, but it s hard to expect much who decided to ride Ben Carson s coat tails all the way to a massive loss in the very first primary and an inevitable campaign suspension. Carson s track record on talking about gay Americans isn t much better. During his brief moment in the national spotlight, he once floated the idea that prison rape turns people gay.Much of Carson s campaign has been predicated on the idea that he is above the fray. He s consistently pleaded with his fellow candidates and the nation more generally to stop the mudslinging. It s an admirable goal   which happens to be total malarkey. Carson has never had a problem with going after  liberals ,  gay people ,  Muslims , or any other group he feels doesn t align with his worldview. Gay people can t serve in the military. Muslims can t be president. Liberals can t well  do anything.In the end, the only group of people who seem safe in Carson s America are conservative Christians like himself. How brave.Feature image via Fox News screengrab",0
8458, The Boycott Of Israel Just Got A Major Helping Hand – From President Obama,"President Obama made a change in policy this week that has added weight to the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions Movement against Israel.Moving forward, goods produced in the Occupied West Bank and sent for sale in the U.S can no longer be marked  Made in Israel . They must state their place of origin as the  West Bank . This will mean that, for the first time, Americans will be able to boycott Israeli goods produced in the West Bank. This option was not possible before the change, as consumers would have no idea whether the product was made in Tel Aviv or Ramallah. The clarification makes actions against Israeli companies that are occupying the West Bank much easier to target.The law itself has existed since the Clinton administration, but is rarely, if ever, enforced. As Forward notes:According to an April 1995 U.S. Customs and Border Protection notification, products made in the West Bank or Gaza  shall be marked as  West Bank,   Gaza,  or  Gaza Strip  and shall not contain the words  Israel,   Made in Israel,   Occupied Territories-Israel  or words of similar meaning.  Moreover, it states,  Failure to mark an article in accordance with the requirements shall result in the levy of a duty of 10 percent  of the product s value.However, the Obama administration has issued a memo stating that from now on, this rule is not optional for Israel. Now it s mandatory.Why the change? Obama has been notably opposed to the boycott movement since its inception.One contributing factor may be that US-Israel bonds are at their weakest after a number of mendacious moves by Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu.First, Netanyahu had Israeli security services spy on private nuclear deal talks between the US and Iran, and sold the secrets to Republican lawmakers in Washington.Then, Netanyahu worked out a deal to deliver a speech in the U.S congress, just two weeks before the Israeli elections, in which he railed against Obama s deal with Iran. A foreign leader, undermining the foreign policy of America s president, from the floor of its own Congress, was unprecedented.Aside from these huge spats, the Israeli leadership have thwarted all attempts at bringing a just and peaceful solution to the Occupation of Palestine. Most notably, ordering the expansion of the illegal settlement program on the very days the John Kerry and Joe Biden flew in for peace talks. This total intransigence has meant that the situation for Palestinians is now markedly worse than at any time in the history of the conflict.The West Bank has been broken up into a series of open-air prisons, around which Israel has built its giant Apartheid Wall. The wall is higher and longer than the Berlin wall, and cuts across the West Bank, shutting off city, town and village from one another. The wall is controlled by Israel, meaning Palestinians are imprisoned in their own towns. Unable to travel to work, or see friends or family members cut off by the wall.Meanwhile Gaza on the west coast is penned in by a wall of its own, again controlled by Israel. In the last decade, Israel has launched no fewer than five large-scale military offensives against those living in Gaza. The Summer of 2014 saw Israel launch a 51-day air, ground and sea assault on the Gaza Strip, Israeli forces killed 2,104 Palestinians, of whom 1,462 have been identified as civilians, including 495 children. They destroyed the homes of more than 108,000 people and over 10,000 people (a third of them children) were left with life-altering injuries. I was reporting on the ground from Gaza during this period and what I saw amounted to nothing short of a massacre.If the world community is uncomfortable with Palestinians using the rudimentary armed response to these aggressions with which they are equipped   home-made rockets, or suicide attacks   then it is imperative that they support non-violent resistance such as the Palestinian-led, global Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS Movement).The BDS Movement seeks to put economic and diplomatic pressure on Israel s apartheid state in a similar way to that applied against South Africa s apartheid state in the 1980s   only with aims to be more systematic and specific than its predecessor. It is starting to have a tangible impact that is being felt within Israel.In response, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has declared war against the BDS Movement. Last year, Strategic Affairs and Information Minister Gilad Erdan s office was given the task of fighting BDS, and awarded 10 additional ministers and an NIS100 million ($26.4m) budget increase to fulfil its mission. The propaganda efforts seem focused on branding all external BDS Movement support as  anti-Semitic, while deeming internal critics as  the enemy within. Israel s greatest threat is not the BDS movement, Obama or the Palestinians. The greatest threat to Israel is Zionism, and the rising fascism promoted by this ideology; an ideology which says Jewish people alone have the right to live in freedom, peace and dignity in a land which has been a melting pot of several religions and ethnicities for thousands of years.In order to preserve itself as a Jewish state, Israel must import Jews and exile non-Jews   and such conditions make democracy impossible. This is what anti-Zionist Israelis know in their hearts, and why they support the Palestinian-led BDS Movement despite such opposition at home   because they re consciences will not permit them to do otherwise.Featured Image via Flickr/INCOG",0
8459, Trump Spokeswoman: I Called Obama ‘Head Negro’ Because Liberals Made Me Mad (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s ridiculous stunt on Thursday has garnered him quite a bit of attention   positive from the Stupid Part of America, and negative from everyone who is able to figure out how to operate a spoon without adult guidance. In an effort to hide the fact that he is scared of Fox News  Megyn Kelly, Trump pretended to care about our nation s soldiers for an evening with a  fundraiser  campaign event he scheduled in opposition to the debate he elected to skip.Of course, veterans  groups practically climbed all over each other to inform The Donald that the money would not be accepted, and donations were made to his Foundation rather than actual veterans. This is a problem, of course, because barely 1 percent of his Foundation s donations are given to Vets. On Friday, CNN s Jim Sciutto confronted Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson about the donations   specifically, which Veterans  groups would be receiving the millions of dollars in donations Trump had gathered for the Donald J. Trump Foundation. The money is going to a Trump organization now. Name one veterans organization that has agreed to accept that money,  Sciutto said. Pierson explained that the money would be  spread across the country  to Veterans  groups, aside from those who refuse to accept it. However, Sciutto didn t let her slide with that answer, asking her to name a single organization that has agreed to accept the money. I m sorry, I can t hear you,  Pierson s replied as the gerbils that perform her basic brain functions struggled to spin the wheel fast enough to enable the bullshit circuits in her head to connect. Pierson said there might be a list on Trump s website, but no such list exists. There is simply a donation form.Realizing that he was not going to get a straight answer, Sciutto moved on to another issue: Pierson s downright insane Twitter account. Pierson has previously complained that there are not enough  pure breeds  left in politics as she took a stab at Obama, who she calls the  head Negro in charge  and a  Jihadi    remarks that many have found questionable at best. Pierson, of course, took the tried-and-true conservative path of blaming liberals: So of course you could pull any of those tweets out of one of those heated discussions because a lot of times it s in the sphere of fighting off other liberal activists. I got to tell you. It s interesting that this has made some sort of news cycle when we have all of the things that are happening in the world, including a presidential race, to go back 36,000 tweets, pull them out of context of the discussion and try to make that a news story. That s right, she got angry with liberals so she called the President a half-breed, a  Negro,  and other awful things.Unfortunately, this behavior is typical of conservatives, who feel that anger is justification to spew slurs and hatred.Watch Pierson s flimsy excuses below:Featured image via screengrab",0
8460, Bernie Sanders Hits Back At The Media In The Most Brilliant Way,"On Wednesday, The Washington Post published a harsh editorial that ripped Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders for his progressive politics.The article, entitled  Bernie Sanders  Fiction-filled Campaign, said that the Vermont senator was guilty of making  fantastical claims  and peddling  his own brand of fiction to a slice of the country that eagerly wants to buy it, insulting the millions of Americans that support the anti-establishment candidate. The vicious piece ends with,  It merely proves that many progressives like being told everything they want to hear. The piece predictably gathered tons of support and backlash alike. Alternet even noted that the Post was probably somewhat biased against Sanders because its owner, Jeff Bezos, is an arch-libertarian worth $53.2 billion and has a whole host of investments in private health care. But regardless of others  defense of Sanders, the Vermont senator himself had the most brutal message of all. On Thursday morning at a Bloomberg Politics event, Sanders was asked about the piece and he didn t hold back. He absolutely ripped the Post s Editorial Board: That s not a new argument. We ve been hearing that months and months, and that s in a sense what this campaign is about. People are telling us, whether it s the Washington Post editorial board or anybody else, our ideas are too ambitious   can t happen. Too bold   really? Well, here s something which is really bold. In the last 30 years, there has been a massive transfer of wealth from the middle class and working families of this country. The middle class has become poorer and trillions of dollars have been transferred to the top one-tenth of 1 percent Where was The Washington Post to express concern that the middle class was shrinking? Where was The Washington Post talking about this radical transformation of America? And he was just getting started. When the discussion went to foreign policy, Sanders took another opportunity to slam the media source. Sanders unloaded on the Post s previous record with the Iraq War, which had already received tons of criticism. Sanders quipped, Check out where all the geniuses on the editorial page were with regard to the invasion of Iraq. In 2014, it was discovered that the media source had published more than 140 stories aggressively promoting to war months before the invasion. That was a powerful comment from Sanders, as he had nearly stood alone in Congress when he voted against the Iraq War.Featured image is a screenshot via Comedy Central",0
8461," Without Trump, Ted Cruz Gets Dumped On During GOP Debate And Fails To Impress Iowans","Ted Cruz probably wishes Donald Trump had attended the debate last night.Because without Trump, all of the focus on Thursday night turned to Ted Cruz, who is in second place behind the billionaire real estate mogul.As seven Republicans took the stage for the official debate in Iowa last night, Trump held his own competing event. One would think that would especially benefit Ted Cruz, but he failed to deliver and the Des Moines Register declared that he had a  rough night. In other words, without Trump, Cruz took over the spotlight and everyone was able to witness him fall on his face as the other candidates and the moderators turned their attention on him because The Donald was not there to be a distraction. If that is what Trump planned for all along, his strategy to skip the debate was a masterstroke.Ted Cruz ended up being plastered on the front page of the Register on Friday morning with a headline that will be hard to swallow for the Cruz campaign, but the main story didn t go any better for the Texas Senator either. Without the dominant national front-runner in the room, the target was the candidate who inherited center stage for the night: Ted Cruz,  the front page read.  But the Texas U.S. senator largely forfeited this golden opportunity. Indeed, even Iowa Republican activists believe Cruz was the loser in this debate. Candidates and voters are not putting up with him tonight,  said Emily Grimm, a 22-year-old Republican activist from Des Moines.  I don t think there was a clear winner at this debate. But I think the clear loser was Cruz. Cruz always knows how to use standard Republican sound bites to garner applause. The moment he senses that he might be losing the crowd with policy, he just throws in a few grand words to gain applause,  said Grimm, a fiscal conservative who worked for Mark Jacobs  2014 U.S. Senate campaign.At one point in the debate, Cruz channeled Trump by complaining about the moderators like a toddler and threatened to leave the stage. If you guys ask one more mean question, I may have to leave the stage,  Cruz said.And that didn t go over very well at all.University of Iowa political science professor Tim Hagle said the attack  fell really flat. He seemed plastic and insincere,  said another Iowa Republican, according to Politico. His entanglement with the moderators was one of the worst moments for a candidate in any of the debates,  a New Hampshire Republican told Politico.And yet another Iowa Republican explained why Trump made a good move by sitting out while Cruz got hammered. Trump got exactly what he wanted. Nobody lays a glove on him, while the rest of the field beat each other up. Better yet, Trump got both former caucus winners to attend his event, and his main competitor, Ted Cruz, might have had his worst debate performance of the campaign. Ted Cruz clearly has his presidential aspirations tied to Iowa. Should he lose, he would be faced with overcoming Trump s 19-point lead in New Hampshire and his 16-point lead in South Carolina.Make no mistake, losing the last debate before Iowa votes is a disaster for Cruz and as previously stated, he probably wishes Trump had been present at the debate. Because if he had been, Cruz would not be the butt of embarrassing headlines today.Featured Image: Twitter",0
8462, WATCH Stephen Colbert Moderate A Hilarious Trump Vs. Trump Debate,"Stephen Colbert had his own solution to Trump skipping the debate on Thursday: Since  25 million  viewers were denied the opportunity to see Trump debate, Colbert decided to moderate his own hilarious debate where Trump debates Trump and where Colbert would would pick up those 25 million viewers for his own ratings.[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpKiP_gmDS8]The Late Show host said that the GOP front-runner was  the star of this year s top reality show,  and renamed it  celebrity the president,  so it was only fitting that he have his chance to shine on the stage.Colbert used footage of  two Trumps  being asked the same question, but with contradictory responses on different occasions. For example, on Jan. 17, Trump had said that  no one likes  Ted Cruz  once they get to know him,  yet on  Dec. 11, Trump said that he liked the Texas senator  a lot. Trump had also said as recently as this month that he loved the people of Iowa but during a speech in November, he wondered  how stupid are the people of Iowa? In July, Trump said that Hillary Clinton was the   worst Secretary of State in the history of the United States.  However,  in March 2012, he said Hillary was a  terrific woman,  saying,  I think she does a good job and I like her. And of course, there was Megyn Kelly. This week, Trump said he had  zero respect  for Kelly, adding that she s  highly overrated  and doesn t do a good job. However, a previous clip shows that in 2011 Trump told Kelly during an interview that she has  done a great job, by the way, and I mean it,  he said, with a creepy smile.In his segment, Colbert is able to show the contradictions and hypocrisy that Trump exemplifies in a way that is hilarious but shocking in terms of how Trump, despite being Trump, continues to lead in the polls.Featured image via YouTube screenshot.",0
8463," The Brits Have Dubbed A Donald Trump Speech With A Cockney Accent, And It’s Brilliant (VIDEO)","British comic Peter Serafinowicz has made everybody s day by dubbing over one of Donald Trump s hate-filled speeches with a cockney accent   and it s brilliant.Serafinowicz, originally from Liverpool in England (home of The Beatles), is well known for serving up impressions of Al Pacino and other big name celebrities. But now he has set himself the challenge of punking Donald Trump.It began a short while ago, with the comic dubbing an interview Trump gave to Fox News with an aristocratic English accent, in a video he called  Sophisticated Trump.  But now it was time for the sequel, So on Friday morning, Serafinowicz tweeted the new video to his 750,000 Twitter followers, saying: I gave Donald Trump a cockney tough guy accent. I gave Donald Trump a cockney tough guy accent. Blimey    e loves  ittin that  illary! (all words verbatim) https://t.co/EBVGrWM0n7  Peter Serafinowicz (@serafinowicz) January 29, 2016Here are the results: In  Donald Thump,  Trump is given the voice of an East End gangster that wouldn t look out of place in a Guy Ritchie movie.It s fair to say that Britain hates Donald Trump almost as much as liberal America. But you ve not been punched until you ve been punked Brit-style.Even members of the UK parliament laid into Trump with typical British humor during a recent debate about banning the trust fund tycoon from entering Britain, under rules designed to prevent hate-speech.As Addicting Info reported at the time:The 3-hour debate was done more out of respect for the process of public petitions, and due to the huge number of signatures, rather than because they were legitimately serious about banning him. However, it did give Parliament time with which to vent their frustrations and engage in some brilliant Trump bashing, which is something we can all thoroughly appreciate.Using quintessential British putdowns such as  pillock ,  buffoon, and  wazzock , lawmakers from all sides of the political spectrum of our closest ally destroyed Donald Trump.It looks like it s not only American liberals that want Trump out of the Presidential race. Our allies around the world are holding their collective breath in hope too.Featured Image via Flickr/Flickr",0
8464, The Reason This Republican Thinks His Opponent Is Unqualified Is The Most Disgusting Thing You’ll Hear Today,"Ohio State Senate Majority Leader Tom Patton is a term-limited Senator who has decided to run for the State House of Representatives to keep his political career alive. His opponent is a young woman named Jennifer Herold, who is the mother of 2 toddlers. Patton, proving that he has more than enough misogyny to be a card-carrying member of the Republican party, has decided Herold is unqualified to run against him.You see, Jennifer Herold isn t a 62-year-old man like Patton is. As a woman under 30 with two children, she has no business in politics. Patton said in a radio interview recently: The gal that s running against me is a 30-year-old, you know, mom, mother of two infants. And I don t know if anybody explained to her we ve got to spend three nights a week in Columbus. So, how does that work out for you? I waited until I was 48 and my kids were raised and at least adults before we took the opportunity to try. Well then. There are so many things wrong with that statement it s hard to choose where to begin. First, don t call her  gal.  It s insulting and cheapens your attack even more, if that s possible. Newt, Columbus isn t all that far; Mrs. Herold could easily make the commute if she wanted to. It s difficult to imagine a fragile little  gal  having the ability to oh, say drive a car, we know. Last, have you considered, Senator, that she may have a husband at home who doesn t believe it s the woman s job to take care of the kids 24/7?How old you are and your warped sense of how a modern family works is irrelevant, you insufferable douchebag.It gets worse. While talking polling numbers, Patton said: I want to tell her,  Hey Sweetie, I just got 27 percent of the pie in just my district, which is nine times what should have been done. Seriously?  Hey, Sweetie?  What is unfortunate is that his message will resonate with the sexists who populate his party. They don t like people who don t have penises representing them, because what could a woman possibly know about anything other than child-rearing and pleasing her husband? Patton is the perfect poster boy for the GOP.Herold responded with pure class and dignity in a statement: We realize the sacrifice that is involved in holding such a position. However, Tom Patton has crossed a line by trying to turn the fact that I am a mother of two children into a negative campaign issue. It s insulting for my opponent to suggest that motherhood is a liability. In fact, my experience as a mom is perhaps my greatest strength. Tom, only one man in my life is allowed to call me  sweetie.  From now on, I respectfully ask you to refer to me as Jen, Jennifer, Ms. Herold, or your opponent. Well said, Ms. Herold. Patton has since apologized, calling his words  poorly chosen.  What he doesn t seem to understand is that it isn t the words he chose that are disturbing, it s the way he thinks. It s the sexism and utter disrespect for Herold as a woman and a human being that make him so despicable.Too little too late, Senator. Hopefully you get your ass handed to you so you ll have no choice but to stumble off into the sunset and obscurity. Featured image via screen capture",0
8465, Karma’s A B*tch: Judge Orders Anti-Gay Preacher’s Church Up For Public Auction Due To Unpaid Debts,"Pastor James David Manning is one of the most vocally homophobic preachers in America. He is the leader of Atlah Worldwide Church, and has made such disgusting public statements as  Jesus would stone homos,  and tried to accuse gay people of spreading Ebola through Starbucks coffee. Well, Pastor Manning is finally getting his comeuppance, because a judge has ordered that his hateful church be put up for public auction.The reason for the order is that Manning has not been paying his church s bill. DNA Info reports that Manning has nine tax liens against the church s property. The debts include, but are not limited to:Manning, however, is as delusional as ever, and insists that he didn t know about the auctioning of his church until last week. This seems to be a flat-out lie, though, as his lawyers responded to the case as early as October 2009, which is a month after the case was opened. Manning also plans to go against the auction order, which was filed by Judge Joan Kenny on December 17, 2015. Manning says of the auctioning of his church: I assure you, it s about a water bill and a tax that can t be levied against this church. I think it s a land grab quite frankly. Though the church is, like all others, tax exempt, Manning seems to be unable to comprehend that being a tax exempt religious institution does not mean that he does not have to pay his bills. To that end, whatever appeals he might make to stop the auction will likely prove fruitless. The auction will be held on February 24.This is all to the good, as the community can now be effectively free of Manning and his followers  constant and unending stream of homophobic hate speech. Harlem will definitely be a better place.Featured image via screen capture from the Manning Report on YouTube",0
8466, Voodoo Doughnut’s One-Of-A-Kind Dessert Is The PERFECT Mockery Of Ammon Bundy (IMAGE),"Voodoo Doughnut is a very unique dessert shop in Portland, Oregon. They have many one-of-a-kind desserts, in very creative designs. However, according to the one of shop s proprietors, Kenneth  Cat Daddy  Pogson, they usually stop short of engaging in political discourse via their dessert creations. But Pogson said they just couldn t resist when it came to the ridiculousness that was the Oregon militants engaged in a standoff with the authorities at the Malheur Wildlife Refuge in Harney County, Oregon.To that end, once the standoff was over and the group s leader, Ammon Bundy, was in custody, Pogson made his thoughts known in the way he usually does: with a unique doughnut depicting Ammon Bundy in a jail cell.via The Oregonian TwitterPogson revealed to The Oregonian his reasons for breaking his own rules regarding politics, saying: but this whole thing seemed like such a big deal   with them taking public property, armed to the teeth, making a stand that they thought everyone would join. It was a debacle that was on everyone s mind, left or right.  Once he heard Bundy had been arrested, he told his donut artist:  I want a face behind bars and the words  Welcome to Portland.' Welcome to Portland indeed. We re sure Ammon Bundy won t be getting any of Pogson s delicious doughnuts where he s going.Pogson also said that he wanted to make it clear that he was not mocking LaVoy Finicum, the vocal occupier at the refuge who perished in a shootout with police. Pogson said of Finicum: The death was senseless. I didn t want it to come off like I was ridiculing [Finicum]. He died for what he believed in. I don t believe in it. But I wanted to send this message. [Bundy] is no longer among his people. Now he s on the left coast. Likely, that s where Bundy will stay, as he should. Enjoy your time in prison, Mr. Bundy. The rest of Oregon will go on with their lives, and thanks to you, have a new doughnut to enjoy.Featured image via  voodoodoughnut. com",0
8467, Susan Sarandon Brutally Slams Trump: He’s Like ‘Your Drunk Uncle At A Wedding’ (VIDEO),"Award-winning actress and political activist Susan Sarandon has been busy speaking praises for Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders. After expressing her support for the Vermont senator at an Iowa campaign rally, Sarandon sat down with online network The Young Turks and told them what really frightened her about this election: Republican front runner Donald Trump.Noting that Trump has made the Republican party look like an absolute circus, Sarandon said she believed that there were some  sane Republicans  that would never even dream of nominating Trump, who is pretty much  like a figure from a Kurt Vonnegut novel. I cannot believe for a second that America would actually make Donald Trump the president. Republicans are not all bad, they re not all crazy, they re not all greedy. I think there s some very sane Republicans and they must be so embarrassed by what s going on right now. However, she is terrified of the amount of support the GOP candidate has gotten, and thinks he could be incredibly dangerous for America s future. She said: He reminds me of, like, your drunk uncle at a wedding who gets up and starts talking and just loves the crowd and just goes on and on and on and says whatever he can to get a reaction. The Oscar winner revealed that what really bothered her the most about Trump s rhetoric   the way he views minorities. She explained: What concerns me is that he has made hatred and racism normal   he s normalized it. He s taking this, you know, [THE]undercurrent of discontent that s looking to blame somebody and he s legitimized those feelings and that, I think, is a very dangerous thing. You can watch Sarandon s entire takedown of the racist front runner below:Sarandon has weighed in on Trump before, stating that she thought he appealed to Americans who were  really starved for something authentic  despite the fact that  he has no idea specifically what he s talking about.  She also said, I think it s great that the Republicans have to figure out how to deal with him, it s interesting. Meanwhile, Sarandon is trying to focus on supporting Sanders. She explained: For me, gender is not what s important. Issues are what s important. I want a candidate who has the courage to stand and do the right thing when it is not popular. TwitterFeatured image is a screenshot",0
8468, This GOP Debate Answer Exposes How Much The Right Hates Women (VIDEO),"A strange answer offered by Governor Chris Christie during the Republican presidential debate showed how deeply hostile the conservative base is towards women.Asked to name  one thing that the federal government does now that it should not do at all  in order to cut spending so that the budget can be balanced, Christie made a strange reach and called for cutting off funding to Planned Parenthood.Christie was then pressed on whether he d cut  anything bigger than that,  since Planned Parenthood receives just $528 million annually; a miniscule sum compared with the kind of cuts needed to balance the budget. When you see thousands upon thousands upon thousands of children being murdered in the womb, I can t think of anything bigger than that,  he said in response.The current budget deficit is a projected $474 billion. The funding for Planned Parenthood accounts for 0.11% of the deficit and an even smaller 0.01% of the $3.9 trillion budget for the country. Considering the women the organization helps, and their families, Christie should be praising the value taxpayers get for their spending on the organization.His follow-up response, designed to elicit sympathy from conservative  Christian  voters in Iowa, is even more ridiculous when you realize that Planned Parenthood is banned from spending any of its federal money on abortion services in the first place.Thanks to rules put in place by the right and kept there by Democrats, none of the abortion services can be funded with federal money, and Christie definitely knows this, he was just too busy pandering.But the answer and the positive reaction to it by voters at the debate, shows how deep-seated GOP animosity towards women s reproductive health is. They would cheer for a candidate vowing to eliminate a group supporting women s health, whose federal receipts are less than a rounding error on the balance sheet, all to satisfy their ongoing desire to control a woman s body.Featured image via YouTube",0
8469," Hillary BLASTS Anti-Woman, Anti-Immigrant Republicans In Glorious #GOPDebate Live Tweets","Thursday night marked the seventh GOP debate of this presidential election season. Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton decided to take the opportunity to remind us all just what a GOP win in 2016 would mean for the country. She took to her twitter account to make sure everyone knew not to be fooled by any seemingly rational statements made by the clowns on stage.First the former Secretary of State blasted the misogynist men and their equally misogynist policies:Here you go, @JebBush: https://t.co/CNTHWnBzMs #GOPDebate  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) January 29, 2016With every Republican attacking safe and legal abortion, women need more than an ally in the White House: We need a fighter. #ImWithHer  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) January 29, 2016Reproductive rights are human rights. Women not any of the politicians on stage should make decisions about their own health. #GOPdebate  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) January 29, 2016Then, she tackled their immigration positions:Trump isn t the only candidate missing from the #GOPdebate stage tonight. So is anyone who would protect DACA and DAPA.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) January 29, 2016Mientras los Republicanos no ofrecen ninguna soluci n, Hillary apoya una reforma migratoria con un camino hacia la ciudadan a. #GOPdebate  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) January 29, 2016And of course, she rightfully condemned the Islamophobia that GOPers are so well-known for:Muslim Americans: This is your country, too. Islamophobic rhetoric isn't a tool against terrorism and it has no place in America. #GOPdebate  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) January 29, 2016And of course, she attacked their anti-science stances on climate change:Want to hear presidential candidates discuss how they'd combat the global threat of climate change? You re out of luck at the #GOPdebate.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) January 29, 2016Then there was, of course, their ridiculous approach to fighting ISIS and other forms of terrorism:Said it before, will say it again: Bluster and chest-beating aren't a strategy to defeat terrorism. #GOPdebate  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) January 29, 2016Of course, she had to mention Trump s absence, but reminded us all that his horrible ideas were still there, with the other equally regressive candidates:Donald Trump isn't on stage at the #GOPdebate but you can bet the same backwards ideas and out-of-touch rhetoric will be out in force.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) January 29, 2016In the end, this fabulous woman just straight out insulted them.#GOPdebate: Lots of bickering, no real plans to strengthen families or keep us safe. pic.twitter.com/HsojcMQUMq  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) January 29, 2016And she s still tweeting. All in all, this is a very important message. We need to remember what is at stake if we do not vote blue in 2016. Any Democrat is better than these dangerous fools in the GOP Clown Car.Featured image via Hillary Clinton Twitter",0
8470, Donations To Trump’s ‘Veteran Fundraiser’ Not Going To Vets (VIDEO),"Instead of participating in tonight s GOP debate, Donald Trump announced that he would be holding his own  veterans fundraising event  in Iowa.Trump created a special website for the fundraiser, donaldtrumpforvets.com.As of 8:30 pm, the site had already raised $380,000. According to the website, 100 percent of those donations are supposed to go to veterans needs.Here s a screen capture:screen capture: donaldtrumpforvets.comThere s just one problem. As reported by the Federalist, donations to the website aren t going to veteran s organizations at all. Instead they are going to his personal non-profit foundation, the Donald J. Trump Foundation.A disclaimer acknowledging that donations are made to Trump s private charity foundation appears at the bottom of the form.In addition, the Federalist reports that an email confirmation sent to donors reads: The Donald J Trump Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization and acknowledges that no goods or services were provided to you in return for your contribution. This letter is your receipt and should be kept with your tax records. According to Forbes, less than one percent of donations made by the Donald J Trump Foundation between 2009 and 2013 (the most recent years for which data was available) went to organizations that help veterans. In fact, out of 298 organizations that received donations from Trump s foundation, only seven were veterans organizations.Even more telling, the donaldtrumpforvets.com website appears to have been created by the same Florida-based firm that created Trump s official campaign website. The site was created on Thursday morning, just hours before Trump s  veteran s fundraiser was scheduled to begin.While Trump claims that 100 percent of the donations raised during the Iowa event will go directly to veteran s needs, that claim seems dubious, at best.As Rachel Maddow reported in 2015, this would not be the first time that Trump had used a  veterans fundraiser  to scam his supporters.In September, Trump held a fundraiser for a group called Veterans for a Strong America. It was later discovered that the  group  had just one member. That member was also the organization s founder, a man named Joel Arends.Watch Rachel Maddow s report below, via YouTube.Trump is the worst kind of con-artist there is. It s bad enough that he repeatedly scammed investors and swindled students, but using our country s wounded veterans to generate profits and publicity is as low as it can get.Featured image credit: Michael Vadon via Flckr cc 2.0",0
8471, Watch The Unedited VIDEO Of Oregon Militiaman LaVoy ‘Tarp Man’ Finicum Being Shot By Law Enforcement,"WARNING: Disturbing image of a man being shot.The FBI released the official helicopter-based video footage of Oregon militiaman LaVoy  Tarp Man  Finicum being fatally shot by police while trying to break through a law enforcement road block in a white SUV.From the vantage point of the surveillance plane beginning at timecode 9:00, a truck driven by Finicum can be observed traveling at high speed on the abandoned Highway 395 toward the police barricade. Before colliding with vehicles arranged by FBI and Oregon State Police troopers, the SUV swerves to the left to go around the road block but is quickly thwarted by the accumulated snow. A man, presumably Finicum, emerges from the car with his arms outstretched.Officials begin to approach the man when he appears to reach into his coat and pulls out an object resembling a handgun. The FBI reported that the handgun was a 9mm semi-automatic firearm, carried in Finicum s left jacket pocket.It s at this point when we see the man fall limply into the snow, fatally wounded by one or more Oregon State Police officers.The official description of the incident from the FBI s Greg Bretzing:As the white truck approaches the roadblock, there is a spike strip across the road but it appears Finicum missed it as he attempted to drive around the roadblock. He nearly hits an FBI agent as he maneuvers to the left. The truck gets stuck in the snowbank.Finicum leaves the truck and steps through the snow. Agents and troopers on scene had information that Finicum and others would be armed. On at least two occasions, Finicum reaches his right hand toward a pocket on the left inside portion of his jacket. He did have a loaded 9 mm semi-automatic handgun in that pocket.At this time, OSP troopers shot Finicum.The video debunks claims by the Oregon militia that Finicum was surrendering to police on his knees.[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAGxDWKrjPQ&w=420&h=315]Featured image via video screen grab.",0
8472, Saudi Prince Epically Burns Donald Trump: Remember Those Two Times I Bailed You Out Financially?,"Donald Trump only has himself to blame for this one.Rather than watch what he says on Twitter, the billionaire Republican presidential candidate retweeted an obviously photoshopped image of Megyn Kelly posing with Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who owns a stake in Fox News, and his sister. @BradCross4: @Drudge_Report_ @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/Ur1qgG291Z  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 28, 2016Trump has been acting like a petulant child ever since he learned Fox News would be including Megyn Kelly as a debate moderator once again, even though he didn t like her tough questions in a debate last year that touched off a bitter feud between the two.But Trump apparently never learned to not bite the hand that feeds him, because his tweet came back to bite him on the ass on Thursday prior to his rogue event running at the same time as the GOP Debate he declined to attend.In an epic response to Trump s tweet, Prince Alwaleed fired back with a revealing tweet of his own reminding Trump of those two times back in the 1990s when Trump needed a financial bailout and Alwaleed came to his rescue. Trump:You base your statements on photoshopped pics?I bailed you out twice;a 3rd time,maybe? https://t.co/Raco0mvusp https://t.co/jStBl7Ghia        (@Alwaleed_Talal) January 28, 2016According to Buzzfeed, when Trump was $900 million in debt in 1991, it was Prince Alwaleed who purchased The Donald s Trump Princess yacht for $40 million.In 1995, Alwaleed would save Trump s ass again by purchasing New York City s Plaza Hotel from him for a whopping $325 million.In short, Donald Trump is an irresponsible businessman who has incurred massive debts and declared bankruptcy on multiple occasions. His decisions have been so bad that he needed to be bailed out by a Saudi national and you have to wonder how Trump would deal with America s debt. The last thing Americans need is to watch as their president sells the country off piece by piece to solve a debt that was created by Republican fiscal policies in the first place. And frankly, it s not hard to imagine that Trump would at least consider that option.Prince Alwaleed has previously called upon Trump to withdraw from the presidential race, and now he has given us even more reason to demand it as well.Featured Image: YouTube",0
8473, WATCH: Ted Cruz Opens The GOP Debate With A Wicked Burn On Donald Trump,"Fox News went completely predictable in opening tonight s Republican debate. Megyn Kelly addressed  the elephant not in the room,  asking Ted Cruz to comment on Donald Trump s absence. After some sleazy pandering to the people of Iowa, Cruz slung some mud at Trump with the kind of swagger and confidence of a boxer talking about his opponent at a press conference in his absence.Cruz got a nice chuckle from the crowd, and while his comments were witty, they were delivered by that screeching, whiny little voice through those annoying pursed lips. His egotistical little moment would probably have been smacked down with  you re not going to make America great  or something equally as clever juvenile had Trump been there.It was a fitting opening for the circus that was sure to come as another 2 hours of hate and fear was sold to the Republican base. Bravo, Senator. You managed to be responsible for the only 30 seconds of the debacle worth watching.Watch Ted Cruz take down Donald Trump below:Feature image via file photo",0
8474, SNL’s Rachel Dratch Exposes The Terrifying Lunacy Of Open Carry Laws In Less Than 2 Minutes (VIDEO),"Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America recently released their newest gun control PSA, and this one stars Saturday Night Live s Rachel Dratch. The commercial, which is less than two minutes long, starts out fine but takes a dark and terrifying turn at the end. The PSA is a satirical version of the life of a busy mom.The PSA is a satirical version of the life of a busy mom. It starts out with Dratch holding a laundry basket on the stairs in  her  house, saying: I woke up at 6:30 to walk the dog and pack a lunch for fourth grader with a peanut allergy and a seven-year-old who thinks bananas taste like butts! You then see her character s daughter walking past her with a pair of scissors in her hand. Rachel grabs the scissors to protect the little girl from getting hurt while continuing to talk about how busy she is. Her son rides by her on a scooter with no helmet on, so she doesn t miss a beat and puts one on his noggin.Basically, the first half of the commercial is a busy mom, protecting her children as best she can from being hurt in some sort of childhood related accident. At the end of the clip the family is at their favorite restaurant and suddenly the mood changes:The restaurant is filled with people drinking and they all have guns. The PSA is obviously targeting states like Texas where it is now legal for ammosexuals to bring their guns into eateries and scare the crap out of our children. What s worse is that this scenario is completely within the realm of possibility in states like Texas. According to Eater.com:Even though the open-carrying of weapons is still not allowed in bars and other establishments that make 51 percent of their revenue from alcohol sales, restaurants on the opposite side of the equation are left with a difficult question to answer.So if your local family restaurant makes less than 51 percent of its money on alcohol sales, crazy Bob from down the road can bring his weapon with him, get drunk and accidentally kill your kid with his penile extension. Murica.Featured image: video screenshot",0
8475, Republican Committee Passes Bill That Would Prohibit Almost All Abortions In Florida,"Florida Republicans  war on women is going strong this week. On Monday, Republicans in the House made the first step towards violating the Constitutional rights of every woman in the state by voting to allow a bill to progress that would ban nearly all abortions.The House Criminal Justice Committee voted 8-3 to pass House Bill 865, the  Florida For Life Act.  The bill defines life as starting at conception and would require two physicians to certify that an abortion is required to save the life of the mother. Chances of the bill actually making it to the House or Senate floor for a vote are slim, but Republicans claim they knew that when they voted on it. In fact, the only reason they proposed the bill was to appease Rep. Charles Van Zant. The lawmaker is in his final term and his filed the bill every year he has been in office.Rep. Ross Spano (R-Womanhaterville), who voted for the bill told the Associated Press that he was just wasting time by voting for it: The bill, probably, frankly, in all due respect, is never going to get a hearing in the Senate. Although this bill has a very small chance of making it through the other channels it needs to go through before it is brought to a full vote, there is a possibility that it may. Florida s is bleeding red at the state level and Republicans across the country have been chomping at the bit to destroy women s rights. The fake Planned Parenthood videos that were spread by alleged felons renewed the GOP s determination to outlaw abortions.According to the AP:The bill is one of several pieces of anti-abortion legislation now advancing in the Florida Legislature.Other bills that have received approval by at least one committee include measures that would prohibit Medicaid payments to any clinic where abortions are performed; require doctors who perform abortions to have local hospital admitting privileges; and require abortion clinics to meet the same construction standards and other licensing requirements as walk-in surgical centers; and prohibit use of fetal tissue resulting from an abortion for research.In other words, they are hitting women from every possible angle and trying to wedge their unwelcome elephant firmly in our uteri. They don t care that they are wasting time and therefore, wasting money by voting on these bills because ideology ALWAYS comes before the Constitution and fiscal responsibility in the mind of a Republican.Featured image: Instagram",0
8476, Whoopi Goldberg Opens Up A Can Of Whoop-A** On Trump (VIDEO),"At this point, America has become quite familiar with Donald Trump and his antics. He continues to show his racism and misogyny on a level unseen in the US political world since Jim Crow existed, when politicians were unchecked by political correctness. In his latest showdown with Megyn Kelly, Trump has decided to turn tail and run from the debates. Whoopi Goldberg, however, has a message for Trump. On ABC s the view, she said: You re a coward, Donald. You re a coward. If you re gonna be President of the United States, you have to go and talk to the people you may not like. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAlM_vT_frc] Coward  is definitely the right word to describe Trump, not only for skipping the debates but for being too afraid of doing what s right. Since the controversy with Kelly, tens of thousands of male Trump supporters have taken to twitter to call Kelly some of the worst names.  Bitch,  for example, was tweeted 423 times and counting. Trump doesn t have the courage nor the integrity to tell his supporters to have more class. In addition, Trump has shown a tendency of being afraid of strong women besides Kelly so hes reacts stupidly on multiple occasions.Joy Behar of the View pointed out that when women criticize him, Trump has a tendency to go ballistic.   The minute a woman does something to him, it makes his hair stand up straight,  said Behar, describing Trump s harsh reaction to her criticism of his hair as opposed to his silence when men criticized him.Referring to Kelly s questions and statements to Trump during the debates, Goldberg said: She didn t just attack Trump with just stuff she made up. This is stuff she said back to him. This is stuff he said and he couldn t take it. She got under his skin and he cut and ran. Only a coward cuts and runs. It s been apparent for a while that Trump is a certified coward.Featured image via Wikimedia Commons",0
8477, Michigan Silently Gave Clean Water To State Employees For Months Before Flint Crisis Broke,"Starting an entire year ago in January of 2015   long before the Flint water crisis broke into mainstream public awareness   the Michigan Department of Technology, Management & Budget determined that state employees needed an alternate source of clean drinking water. They began stocking water coolers on each floor of their offices for employee use.Flint residents were sent a notice that the level of trihalomethanes, which can cause liver and kidney problems, were exceeding federal limits   yet the city insisted the water was still fine and no actions needed to be taken to correct it. The notice followed two separate boil advisories in August and September of 2014. Despite assuring the citizens of the city that the water was safe, officials at the capitol gave state employees clean water to drink from coolers, instead of municipal sources like fountains and faucetsAccording to documentation, the coolers were to remain for employees to use  as long as the public water does not meet treatment requirements. via Progress MichiganThe residents of Flint, as you know by now, did not deserve such consideration. It took nearly an entire year for them to start being taken seriously by the state government. This came only after the story finally broke loose in the national media in a huge and embarrassing spectacle for state Republicans. If the media had not forced state Republicans  hands on this issue, people would still be drinking poison today. Water only started being distributed in January of 2016 in any kind of substantial way in the city, by the national guard.Even the excuse of  saving money  which was given by the Governor has been called into doubt. Recent emails which were released by Governor Rick Snyder under intense pressure by the media show that if Flint had simply stayed with Detroit water the city would have saved as much, if not more money, anyway.Featured image via pixabay",0
8478, This Chart Captures Every Sexist Slur Trump Supporters Tweeted At Megyn Kelly (IMAGES),"On Tuesday, Trump announced that he would be skipping Thursday night s GOP debate because Fox News host Megyn Kelly would be moderating it, and Trump is scared sh*tless of her even since she made him look like a complete idiot the first time moderated the GOP debate.Since Trump got his ego handed to him on a silver platter, Trump has kept himself busy with a mostly one-sided feud against Kelly, solidifying the very sexist, misogynistic behavior the Fox host called him out on during the first debate. It should come as no surprise that Trump s supporters are just like him   disrespectful with unhealthy, hateful views toward women. And it couldn t be any more apparent than their activity on social media.VocativVocativThe tweets from Trump s supporters are hardly surprising   these are the same people who routinely attack protesters at Trump s rallies   animalistic, violent behavior which Trump sometimes even encourages.Because Trump has refused to participate in the debate, Trump s fans have been demanding that Kelly be removed from her position as moderator after Trump s initial demand for her exclusion was denied. Trump s followers are all sexist, misogynistic babies and it s easy to see why Trump appeals to these people.Featured image is a screenshot",0
8479, Desperate A**hole Jeb Bush Exploits Image Of Terri Schiavo To Score Points With Far-Right (VIDEO),"Jeb Bush has raised well over $120 million with his utterly disastrous presidential campaign, successfully proving that money doesn t always buy support. On the upside, a lot of really wealthy conservatives pumped millions of dollars into a trainwreck campaign   money they ll never, ever see again.Currently, Jeb Bush is polling at four percent in Iowa, according to Nate Silver, and eight percent in New Hampshire.Knowing so much money is at stake, and that his campaign is perhaps the most pathetic effort on the GOP side, it s no wonder he resorted to a completely tasteless new commercial in which he exploits the image of Terri Schiavo to emphasize his pro-life record.TPM:Shiavo s husband, Michael, called the ad  disgusting  in a statement to the Tampa Bay Tribune. It is simply disgusting that Jeb Bush and his super Pac would exploit my wife s tragedy for his crude political gain,  Michael Schiavo said in the statement.  Shame on Jeb Bush. What the campaign video shows is that if he ever got his hands on the power of government again, he would do the same thing again, maybe next time to your family,  the statement continued.In case you don t know, Schiavo was a Florida resident who, due to a heart attack, lapsed into an irreversible persistent vegetative state. Her parents wanted to continue to keep her alive, while her husband vigorously pursued her wishes to die with dignity. When the story hit the news, the GOP scrambled to diagnose Schiavo from afar, turning her into a source of pro-life demagoguery.So, as if Schiavo and her husband weren t humiliated enough by Republicans, Jeb Bush chose to resurrect his party s shameless exploitation of a family caught in one of life s most harrowing episodes. All for the purpose of desperately trying to lift his failing campaign. The fact that it won t work illustrates how pointless it is.The only thing more disgraceful was the time Republicans used images of 9/11, including victims leaping from the World Trade Center to their deaths.[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9u-f9-wfs6c&w=420&h=315]Featured image via video screen grab.",0
8480, Veterans Send ‘Loser’ Trump A Brutal Message: Keep Your Donations (TWEETS),"On Tuesday, Republican front-runner Donald Trump shocked everyone by announcing that he was boycotting the Fox News GOP debate on Thursday, as it was being moderated by his nemesis, Megyn Kelly. And in his childish haste to get back at Fox News for giving Kelly another chance to make him look like an idiot, Trump sent the network a message of blatant disrespect: he would be throwing a competing event: a benefit for America s veterans on the very same day as the GOP debate.On Trump s event page for veterans and wounded warriors, the front-runner promised to raise money for the men and women who have been treated so horribly by our all-talk, no-action politicians . Well, it turns out that veterans have a message for Trump: We don t want your donations.On Wednesday, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America founder Paul Rieckhoff announced that his organization would not accept any contributions that came from Trump s event. He tweeted:TwitterTwo other veterans  groups have also decided they want nothing to do with Trump s publicity stunt. The Wounded Warrior Project, which has recently come under fire for using its donation money for wasteful purposes, has denied having any awareness of Trump s efforts to fundraise for the organization. VoteVets.org, however, was willing to send a more direct message to the GOPer. The organization, which boasts that it is America s largest progressive veterans group, issued a statement that said  Don t hide from Megyn Kelly behind us.  Iraq War veteran and chairman of the organization absolutely burned The Donald: Let me put this in language Donald Trump understands. You re a loser. You re a third-rate politician, who clearly doesn t understand issues, and is so scared of Megyn Kelly exposing it, that you re looking to use veterans to protect you from facing her questions. The veterans  scorn is honestly well-deserved   a look into Trump s past can easily prove that this is just a stunt for Trump and there s no sincerity in his charity event. The GOP front-runner has actually been whining about  homeless veterans  for decades, complaining that they bring his property values down. And before he ran for president, Trump actually wanted to get rid of America s troops. So don t be fooled by Trump s benefit for vets   he doesn t care about them and is just using them to gain more support.Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
8481, Sarah Palin Defends Trump Skipping ‘Ballyhooed Media Debate’ With Indecipherable Word Salad,"Rarely in life do you see people go so perfectly together. However, Donald Trump and Sarah Palin are made for one another. They are the peanut butter and jelly of political duos. Unfortunately for America, though, most of us are allergic to nuts.After Trump decided to throw his hissy fit and not attend the Fox News GOP debate being moderated by Megyn Kelly, because apparently he is allergic to her cooties, Palin decided to take to Facebook (as she does) and lay down her defense of the hotel magnate.She starts the post with,  Media: Here, Let Me Define For You a Genuine  Game Changer .  You tell  em, Sarah! I m sure they can t wait to read what you have to say. After all, your opinion is so relevant and paramount to all of politics, or for that matter, THE WORLD.Palin doesn t want Trump to get bullied by the  ballyhooed media debate game.  She goes on and on  and on, rambling in an indecipherable word salad. She says things like: Enough is enough; Trump s victory on this issue proves we have a choice. The courageous GOP frontrunner is speaking for us with his  screw it, biased media  the people deserve better  red line. Finally. Trump will now lead others with this empowerment to go around media filters and egos and everything else that s stood between people with a heart to serve and the voters. As well as: We can go elsewhere to seek truthful information that includes a candidate s voting record, their responsibility in spending other people s money and balancing budgets, their record of negotiating to win, their private sector acumen and personal accomplishments, who they re beholden to, if they ve incentivized more illegal aliens to flood our borders with gifts and freebies   making America much less secure  oh, and so much more! Yes, that s all one sentence. Oh, and what s better than starting a sentence with  Like ? Like, if politics is their profession in perpetuity, which is the antithesis of our Founders  vision. She then goes on to say that she s studied journalism. Which, I guess, technically she has. However, she apparently didn t learn much along the way.Palin finishes her post with  P.S.  that is just pure gold as she throws shade at Fox News and Megyn Kelly for not kowtowing to Trump s demands: (P.S. Is it just me, or if a debate host has made himself or herself the principal in a story they re expected to objectively cover for the edification of the public, and they even acknowledge they re the reason the frontrunner chooses not to participate, then isn t it common sense (and courtesy to the voting public) to simply, humbly allow someone else to moderate the debate? With all due respect, what a strange game at play. It s at the expense of straight-shooting candidates gunning in competition for the nation s top administrative position, and more importantly, at the expense of Americans who deserve to hear them instead of the cries from a pity-partying press with noses out of joint because someone finally took a stand for common sense and an even playing field. Sarah Palin really shouldn t be the one to talk about  common sense  considering she has no sense at all. This is probably one of her more bizarre posts where she apparently used the  talk to text  feature on her mobile device. If there s anyone out there willing to decipher or translate this, have at it.Without further ado, here s the word salad in all its glory: // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ <span class=""mceItemHidden"" data-mce-bogus=""1""><span></span>(function(d, s, id) {  var js, <span class=""mceItemHidden"" data-mce-bogus=""1""><span class=""hiddenSpellError"" pre="""" data-mce-bogus=""1"">fjs</span></span> = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&amp;version=v2.3"";  <span class=""hiddenSpellError"" pre="""" data-mce-bogus=""1"">fjs</span>.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', '<span class=""hiddenSpellError"" pre="""" data-mce-bogus=""1"">facebook-jssdk</span>')); // ]]&gt;Media: Here, Let Me Define For You a Genuine  Game Changer Regarding Donald Trump honoring our U.S. Veterans instead Posted by Sarah Palin on Thursday, January 28, 2016Featured image: Flickr/Flickr",0
8482, Cenk Uygur Lays The Smackdown On White Right-Wing Privilege (VIDEO),"The FBI is only just now beginning to take down the Bundy terrorists in Oregon, and Cenk Uygur is furious that it took them this long to take action.Ever since the redneck wannabe soldiers seized the federal buildings at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge on January 2nd, many have pointed out that if the militants weren t white, the occupation would have been put down harshly on day one and most of the gunmen would have been killed.But because Bundy and his buddies were white anti-government right-wingers, they were treated with kid gloves by the Justice Department and law enforcement, and only time will tell whether they are actually punished for their many crimes or just receive a slap on the wrist.Cenk Uygur, however, didn t hold back on Wednesday while laying the smackdown on the FBI for treating the militants as if there are separate laws for white gun-toting conservatives. He became particularly upset after one militant outright called for killing law enforcement officials, something that would almost certainly cause police to drop the hammer if the militant were a Muslim or a black man. We re going to have a conversation with these guys? They were free to come and go for three weeks, there was no perimeter. The FBI says,  Oh don t worry, we just set up a perimeter  Why didn t you set up a perimeter the first time they captured a federal building, armed, talking about how they re going to murder people who come and try to take it from them. And here are these guys on camera saying,  We re going to murder the cops if they come to get us.  You stole, sh*t, you criminal, you thug! The Young Turks host then went off on how much leeway law enforcement have given to Bundy and his militants over the last three weeks just because they are armed white guys on the political right-wing fringe, pointing out that if a left-wing environmental group had done the same thing they would have been instantly executed without getting the opportunity to exercise their right to go in front of a judge or being heard by a jury of their peers. Look at the white privilege here, and it s not just white. It s right-wing privilege. Because if left wingers had taken over, environmental groups had taken over and say,  Oh, we re going to do this and we re going to do that.  It doesn t matter if it s a Latino, a black group or it s just white Greenpeace or animal rights guys, nobody gets to come and go and threaten cops and talk about killing them! This is white privilege. You can steal stuff, you can steal federal stuff and they don t even arrest you for three weeks! This is insane, man. There s two different laws in the country and we walk around pretending it isn t. Here s the video via YouTube. Uygur s remarked begin at the 5:30 marker.He s right, of course. If the militants had been Muslim or black there would not have been a standoff at all. Law enforcement would have fired every bullet they could get their hands on into the compound until every single one of them were killed. Now, federal law enforcement should be applauded for waiting out the terrorists and taking them down with little bloodshed. But the point is that police should have the same tolerance and discipline no matter what color a person is or what religion or political views a person holds. If anything, this standoff demonstrated perfectly that we live in two separate Americas, one where police will do everything in their power to not kill you as long as you are a white gun nut, and one where police will become trigger-happy monsters when they come upon unarmed people of color and then hide behind their badges while they do everything to justify their unlawful actions.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
8483," If You Love Veterans So Much, Trump, Why Did You Try To Sweep Them Into The Gutter?","According to Donald Trump, he loves veterans. At least that s what he keeps telling people. And when you re running in an election for a party that constantly uses the service of men and women and uniform as political props, you re going to tout the line that you love veterans as much as possible. However, actions speak louder than words, and Trump apparently doesn t realize that people actually remember the actions he took back in 1991 when he tried to remove veterans from 5th Avenue in New York City. You see, Trump Tower is on 5th Avenue, and those gosh darn veterans trying to make a living as vendors were just too unsightly for Trump to have anywhere near his precious building.In a letter Trump wrote to the New York state Assembly in 1991, it said: While disabled veterans should be given every opportunity to earn a living, is it fair to do so to the detriment of the city as a whole or its tax paying citizens and businesses? Do we allow Fifth Avenue, one of the world s finest and most luxurious shopping districts, to be turned into an outdoor flea market, clogging and seriously downgrading the area? And then again to NYC Mayor Mike Bloomberg in 2004: Whether they are veterans or not, they [the vendors] should not be allowed to sell on this most important and prestigious shopping street he image of New York City will suffer  I hope you can stop this very deplorable situation before it is too late. And in case that s not bad enough for you, he also wanted to make sure no one sat down near his building that may have taken away from the  beautiful ambience.  According to the New York Times he had large planters placed on benches. He said in 1984: We have had tremendous difficulties with respect to the bench   drug addicts, vagrants, et cetera have come to the atrium in large numbers. Additionally, all sorts of  horrors  had been taking place that effectively ruined the beautiful ambience of the space which everyone loves so much. To be blunt, Donald Trump is exactly what s wrong with the United States of America, and for him to even remotely be coming close to gaining the Republican nomination for president is outright horrifying. He only loves veterans when it s politically convenient for him to do so. To pander to a bunch of folks who are apparently so dumb to think he would actually make a decent president. His actions in the past with veterans only prove the continuing line that Trump is only out for himself and what s best for Trump. He doesn t want America to be great, because guess what, America is already pretty damn great. Trump wants Trump to be great, and he wants to stroke his ego inside the Oval Office. Smart Americans know better, and we need to make sure he stays as far away from the White House as possible.Featured image: Flickr/Wikimedia/photoshop",0
8484, You Won’t Believe The Racist Image Trump Just Tweeted About Megyn Kelly (IMAGE),"Donald Trump is known for his controversial and often racist comments and he continues to be unrelenting. During his latest feud with Fox News and specifically Megyn Kelly, Trump tweeted an image of Kelly meeting with a Saudi prince and a woman dressed in niqab.@Drudge_Report_ @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/yjQSzw2GaR  Brad (@BradCross4) January 28, 2016As you can probably guess, the image is a fake and was retweeted by Trump from an unapologetic racist who has also tweeted images of Michelle Obama as a monkey and having sex with an ape.Not that Trump seems to care where he gets his information from.In the past, he has retweeted white supremacists, including fans of Adolf Hitler, and has promoted fake crime statistics fabricated by neo-Nazis, which he later defended as  very credible. In his latest racist tweet, Trump does what he does best which is to play on the fears of individuals. This time, just like many times before, Islam was used as a vehicle in which to do so. He has called for banning Muslims from entering the United States, stood by and did nothing while a Muslim woman was kicked out of one of his rallies for simply being a Muslim, and has attacked the religion and its followers to the point where there has been a surge in anti-Muslim hate crimes in the country because of his comments. Thus, the fake image of Megyn Kelly is designed to associate Kelly with Islam and Muslims, which in Trump s as well as his racist associates  warped minds means something terrible and something un-American.Trump is a disturbing and a disgusting individual who appeals to folks just like him. Let s hope that when all is said and done in terms of the elections, we can all look back and reminisce at the big bad joke that was Donald Trump running to be president of the United States.Featured Image Via Wikimedia Commons",0
8485, The Chilling Police Abuse Footage Oakland Cops Didn’t Want You To See (VIDEO),"On January 19, 2016, the city of Oakland, California, agreed to pay $450,000 to settle a wrongful death suit, filed by the family of Hernan Jaramillo, a 51-year-old man who was killed while being restrained by police.The Contra Costa Times obtained video of the moments before Jaramillo s death. The video shows the man repeatedly crying out for help, saying,  They re killing me!  and  I can t breathe. As one officer pressed his knee into Jaramillo s back, four others used their weight to hold the man down on the sidewalk. When Jaramillo cries out to his sister again, saying  They re killing me,  one officer responds  No-one s killing you. Before becoming unresponsive, Jaramillo again tells his sister  They know what they re doing. They re killing me. Jaramillo did not have a criminal record. Worse, he was not even accused of a crime at the time of his death.According to the family, Jaramillo s sister called police to report that her brother was being attacked by an intruder. When police arrived, they found him alone in his room.Although Jaramillo s sister insisted that he was not the intruder, police handcuffed him and led him to a waiting squad car.The officers claim that they wanted to take him in for a mental health assessment, but he  resisted  as they tried to get him into the police car. That s when they threw him to the sidewalk, compressing his body under their combined weight, until he stopped calling for help.Although Oakland police never released the footage, which was captured by one of the officers  body cameras, the video was leaked to Contra Costa Times this week. It was later published to YouTube by US Uncut.Watch the footage below.While the city of Oakland will pay $450,000 to settle the wrongful death suit filed by Jaramillo s family, the officers involved in this incident will never be held accountable.That s because the Alameda County District Attorney does not investigate in-custody deaths unless they involve officer shootings.This insane policy gives cops the green light to murder citizens, just as long as they don t use their guns to do it.The victim repeatedly told the officers that he couldn t breathe. Still they continued to press down on him, until he finally became unresponsive.At best, the officers involved in the death of Hernan Jaramillo are guilty of negligent homicide and reckless endangerment, if not deliberate murder. But the policies of the Alameda County DA s office enabled them to get away with it.Featured image credit: video screen capture via US Uncut",0
8486, MIC DROP: Watch Neil deGrasse Tyson SHRED Flat Earth Rapper B.o.B On The Nightly Show (VIDEO),"Rapper B.o.B. has recently gained some notoriety for his theories about why the Earth is actually flat. I won t get into reasons why the earth is not flat. It s too ridiculous to even deserve a proper debate.There may be a good chance that this is some elaborate trolling by B.o.B. because he doesn t limit himself to just thoughts about a flat earth. He also went on to talk about something called  Mark 2 REM driven clones and Synthetic Robotoids,  with the suggestion we all  look it up. Well, one person seemed to have looked up B.o.B. and that was Larry Wilmore of The Nightly Show. Wilmore took the rapper to task over the tweets that B.o.B. had sent out, such as  the horizon is always eye level,   where is the curve?  and  Once you go flat you never go back. A few individuals tried to explain over Twitter why he couldn t see the curvature of the earth while he was physically standing on it, but many more chimed in to defend his crackpot suggestions. Needless to say, Twitter alone was not taking care of things.That s when Wilmore called in the one and only Neil deGrasse Tyson to explain exactly why B.o.B. was so wrong. Not only did NDT set the rapper straight, but he went on a bit of a tirade about how we have developed a culture that is partially accepting of looney theories like this. Calling it a  growing anti-intellectual strain,  NDT correctly explained how  being wrong  becomes  being harmful  when you are both wrong AND have influence over others. A direct line can be drawn from his statement to the attitudes of so many famous people today. All the way from average D-list celebrities to presidential candidates, there is a rather unprecedented  uncoolness  for knowing things and being well-informed about how the world works.Watch Neil deGrasse Tyson s epic takedown of intentional ignorance below:featured image via video screen capture",0
8487, The ‘Baby Parts’ Video People Just Got The Worst News Of Their Lives,"Sorry, David Daleidin and Sandra Merritt, even if you don t like your first Grand Jury, you can keep it.On Wednesday, lawyers for the pair of anti-abortion activists who were recently indicted on multiple felony counts in a surprise twist to a case conservatives hoped would end Planned Parenthood forever, argued that the Grand Jury that handed out indictments was absolutely out of control. Unfortunately, things didn t quite go as the lying liars who produced the heavily edited, fraudulent  baby parts  videos that prompted Robert Lewis Dear to attack a Planned Parenthood facility in Colorado, and Carly Fiorina to redefine  stupid  in her almost incoherent ravings about the health organization, had planned.Harris County District Attorney Devon Anderson said that she does not intend to cave to the whims of the right-wing activists, explaining that  the inconvenient truth of a criminal investigation is that it doesn t always lead where you want it to go.  Anderson, a Republican who is against abortion, explained that she understands that every single one of her personal beliefs does not have to interfere with her ability to perform her job:While the Grand Jury indicted the activists the subject of the proceedings, Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast, was cleared of all wrongdoing.Reuters reports:Documents filed in Harris County court showed fake California driver s licenses for the pair when they were making the video. Lawyers for the two did not dispute the fake IDs.The court papers said the pair unlawfully used a fake government record  with the intent to defraud or harm others. They face up to 20 years in prison if convicted.Terry Yates, an attorney for the two, said in Houston:  The grand jury has over reached, obviously a runaway grand jury would do that. This decision, of course, is shocking in a state whose Republicans recently gutted Planned Parenthood s HIV prevention program in a desperate attack against the organization. Both Governor Greg Abbott and Attorney General Ken Paxton, who ordered their own proceedings, say that this latest vindication of Planned Parenthood will have no impact on their individual attempts to destroy the health organization. The fact remains that the videos exposed the horrific nature of abortion and the shameful disregard for human life in the abortion industry,  Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton told the Houston Press Monday.  The state s investigation of Planned Parenthood is ongoing. Planned Parenthood is celebrating this as a win.  It s great news because it demonstrates what we have said from the very beginning, which is that Planned Parenthood is following every rule and regulation, and that these people came into our buildings under the guise of health when their true intentions were to spread lies,  said Rochelle Tafolla, a spokeswoman for Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast, after the decision.Sorry, David and Sandra. It must be terrible not to have a choice in the matter.Featured image via Allen West Republic/LifeNews",0
8488, Gross: How GOP Candidates Are Using Military Vets As Human Shields (TWEETS),"At least two Republican campaigns are using veteran s groups as props for campaign debate stunts.The stomach-turning trend began with Super PACs backing Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX), who responded to Donald Trump pulling out of the officially sanctioned Republican presidential debate by offering a ransom for Trump to appear in a one-on-one event.Super PACs supporting Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz say they will donate $1.5 million to charities committed to helping veterans if rival Donald Trump agrees to a one-on-one debate with Cruz. Not only would this be a heck of a debate, but it would also be a terrific opportunity to generate millions of dollars for the veterans,  the Keep the Promise I and II PACs said in a joint statement Wednesday night.Former HP CEO Carly Fiorina, who is mired in the single digits in her campaign later chimed in, promising to donate $1.5 million to veterans to join in a Cruz-Trump debate, or $2 million to debate Trump at Drake University.My campaign will also donate $1.5 million to veterans' cause to join debate Saturday in Sioux City, @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump (1/2)  Carly Fiorina (@CarlyFiorina) January 28, 2016Upping the ante, I'm free tomorrow at 8pm, @realDonaldTrump. My campaign will give $2mm to veterans' cause to debate at Drake U. (2/2)  Carly Fiorina (@CarlyFiorina) January 28, 2016Neither stunt   and they are both publicity stunts that Trump will likely reject in all likelihood   managed to go into detail about what services nor relief would be provided to veterans, while also neglecting to mention that many of the warmongering policies supported by the candidates would create more, wounded veterans.The dueling offers also highlighted just how much the other candidates are yearning for a news cycle involving themselves and Trump, in order to raise their visibility and in theory help their performance in the Iowa caucus.The possibility of both the campaigns and Super PACs donating money to charitable veteran s causes no matter what Trump s campaign response is never came up.The frankly cavalier decision to use troops as a pawn does not appear to have attracted a detracting point of view within the Fiorina campaign or the Cruz PAC, with both entities furthering the crass campaign game without thinking of the big picture.Featured image via Flickr",0
8489, This Fox News Host Is Personally Begging Trump To Come To Their Debate (VIDEO),"The spectacle of Donald Trump rejecting Fox News  debate got even more ridiculous on Wednesday night as the network s highest rated host, Bill O Reilly, got involved in the clown show.Despite shunning Fox, Trump still decided to appear on The O Reilly Factor in a satellite interview with the host. Discussing Trump s public tantrum, O Reilly all but got down on bended knee and asked Trump to reconsider his decision: I m trying to convince you that your tack is wrong, because it s better for the folks to see you in the debate format,  Mr. O Reilly said.He pointed to Newt Gingrich using negative questions during the debate in South Carolina in 2012 to great effect as he pummeled the moderator John King of CNN in the Republican primary campaign. Mr. Gingrich later won the primary in the state.  I m telling you, that s the way to go here,  Mr. O Reilly said. This has to do with the stupidity of Fox and what they did,  Mr. Trump said.O Reilly even pointed to his cheek, asking the reality TV star and current Republican front-runner to turn the other cheek after being angered at the network for a combative press release reports indicate was personally written by network boss, Roger Ailes.Trump rebuffed the overture, telling O Reilly he is more in the mood for an eye for an eye, wounding Fox in his perspective by hurting the ratings for the network and its advertisers.In addition to Trump s direct refusal to engage, his campaign cronies have also been spreading the conspiracy theory that Fox is in cahoots with Hillary Clinton, despite the network s pivotal role over the last 20 years in attacking and smearing Democrats, particularly the former Secretary of State.Taking advantage of the chaos, fellow candidate Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) has asked Trump to hold a one-on-one Lincoln/Douglas style debate with him. Trump has refused, and some believe the gambit is Trump attempting to opt out of debates even if he is the Republican nominee, an unprecedented cowardly move.Featured image via YouTube",0
8490, Ammon Bundy Has Suddenly Had A Change Of Heart About That Whole ‘Dying For Freedom’ Thing,"On Tuesday night, seven of the Bundy militants that were previously occupying the Malheur Wildlife Refuge in Oregon were arrested by authorities. What started as a traffic stop devolved into a gunfight with the FBI, in which the  blue tarp man,  LaVoy Finicum, was killed. The five remaining militants with Bundy, one of whom was wounded but survived, were promptly arrested. There were two other militants that were arrested in separate incidents from the one that involved gunfire.That s when it seemed things suddenly became all too real for Ammon Bundy. He, along with his fellow rebels, was arraigned in federal court and held without bail while awaiting trial. The sudden realization of what was happening appeared to knock some sense into his head, prompting Ammon Bundy to call on the remaining militants at the refuge to surrender and leave the compound.Through attorney, Ammon Bundy is telling remaining occupiers in Burns to ""Go home. Hug your families. Let us take it from here.""  Jamie Wilson (@JWilsonreporter) January 27, 2016FBI Special Agent in Charge Greg Bretzing commented that the militants were given  ample opportunities  to leave the occupation peacefully.  Instead, they have chosen to threaten and intimidate the America they claim to love,  he said in a statement during a press conference regarding the arrests and shooting Wednesday.The remaining militants had previously made statements that they were going to resist arrest, with one of them recording a statement that he was going to die fighting while everyone was watching.A check on the militant s YouTube channel shows new video from the compound uploaded as of 1 hour ago at the time of approximately 8:15 pm EST on 1/27, with a live stream scheduled later. From videos uploaded previously, it seems that there is still a small group remaining on-site.Sheriff Dave Ward also made an emotional appeal for an end to the occupation:This has been tearing our community apart. It s time for everyone in this illegal occupation to move on. It doesn t have to be bloodshed in our community. If we have issues with the way things are going in our government, we have a responsibility as citizens to act on them in an appropriate manner. We don t arm up and rebel. We work through the appropriate channels.Source: opb.orgThere are only two ways to end this now. Hopefully the remaining few realize their lives are not worth throwing away.Featured image via flickr",0
8491, Black Chicago Teen Calls Cops 3 times For Help Before They Execute Him (VIDEO),"People always wonder why black people are so reluctant to call the police for help, but here is yet another example in a long line that demonstrates just why we are so wary of law enforcement, even when we are the victims.19-year-old Chicago resident Quintonio LeGrier called 911 three times in an emergency, only to have dispatchers hang up on him. When police arrived, as happens in so many of these cases, he was fatally shot by the very people charged with serving and protecting him. From The Root:According to ABC News, audio of the 19-year-old s 911 calls made Dec. 26 were released late Monday by Chicago s Independent Police Review Authority, which is investigating both LeGrier s death and the death of his neighbor Bettie Jones. Jones, 55, was also shot and killed by police after she opened their apartment building door to let police in.Earlier that day, LeGrier called 911 asking that a police officer be sent to his address. The first call was made at 4:18 a.m., and the last call was made three minutes later. There s an emergency, can you send an officer?  LeGrier can be heard saying on one of the calls.During one call, LeGrier didn t respond to the 911 operator s questions and the dispatcher hung up on the teen, ABC reports.However, instead of providing assistance, the cops came, after Quintonio s father, Antonio LeGrier, told a 911 operator, My son has freaked out. I need an officer. When the supposed  help  arrived, the child was shot dead. Police, of course, are covering their asses. The statement they released regarding the incident reads: Upon arrival, officers were confronted by a combative subject resulting in the discharging of the officer s weapon, fatally wounding two individuals. Quintonio LeGrier was not the only person the cops murdered that night. A woman named Bettie Jones, a 55-year-old mother with five children, was also executed.This is why black people do not trust the police. I don t care what kind of trouble I am in, they are the last people I d call for help   because said  help  just might cost me my life.Watch a video news report on the incident below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
8492, Leave It To Sesame Street To Teach America What A Jerk Donald Trump Truly Is (VIDEO),"For everyone other than maybe his investment partners, his wife, and his white nationalist supporters, most people look at Donald Trump with utter disgust. No, not because he s orange with something that can only be described as an endangered species on his head, but rather because of his attitude towards life and how he apparently thinks people and things should be treated. Just by listening to his hissy fit over the Fox News debate, he has to make it about ratings and how he s really the thing that drives the entire event. To put it mildly he s full of himself, to be absolutely accurate, he s an egomaniac with Narcissistic Personality Disorder.And this isn t anything new for Trump. The Republican frontrunner has always been this braggadocios character who sees himself as the absolute best at everything and thinks everything he touches turns to gold. If he had a nice personality, many people would be able to look past this sort of ego, but since he s also an ass, well, people are going to call him out on it.The folks over at Sesame Street did just that back in 2005 when they created the character  Donald Grump  that Oscar the Grouch and all the other trash-loving grouches looked up to and admired. They put the word  GRUMP  all over everything, just like Trump does with his name. Oscar the Grouch in the introduction leading up the appearance of  Grump  explains to show staple Maria: Donald Grump happens to have the most trash of any grouch in the world  His name is on every piece of trash in town. Then after a brilliant song completely satirizing Trump,  Donald Grump  emerges and is everything you d ever imagine the muppet to be, with lines like: Who s name equals TRASH, to you and to me?  and the Grump saying  Who do you wish you all could be? Elmo s even turned down from being Mr. Grump s helper because he s  too nice.  However, Grump changes his mind when he hears Elmo is  nice AND annoying.  Qualities both Grump and Trump know help manipulate people to his fancy. Grump also yells at Maria when he doesn t like what she says by saying,  Scram, you re fired!  And when she says,  you can t fire me  he says,  I just did.  Which is all very foreshadowing to the revelation that Trump truly wants all Latinos to scram.But enough of me explaining what happens. The entire thing is just pure comedy gold and absolutely accurate.Enjoy.Video/Featured image: YouTube",0
8493, Bristol Palin Wants Black Actors To Ignore Oscars’ Racism — ‘Not Everyone Gets A Trophy’,"Bristol Palin is no smarter than her mother, half-term governor of Alaska, Sarah. However, she sure does think she knows a lot about a lot of things. As if being an abstinence activist who has had two out-of-wedlock children weren t enough, Bristol has also decided that she is some kind of racism expert.Ever since black actors and their allies have decided to boycott the Oscars because, for the second year in a row, they have no black stars nominated for their prestigious awards, white folks all over the place have been telling Black America at large that there s no problem here, when we all know damn well there is. Now, Bristol Palin has added her voice to the mix.She said that she agrees with Fox contributor Stacey Dash, who wants to ride the world of pesky, racist institutions such as BET and Black History Month. This is bad enough coming from the Clueless star, who is black herself. To refresh, Dash said the following: Either we want to have segregation or integration. If we don t want segregation then we need to get rid of channels like BET and the BET Awards and the [NAACP] Image Awards. Now, lily-white Bristol Palin goes and blogs about something that in no way concerns her. Taking to her own blog, Bristol wrote: I have to admit, I don t know who  Waka Flocka  is, or what he sings, but I agree with him on this! Though [Ice Cube] didn t mention Stacey by name, isn t it interesting how he echoed her sentiments exactly? We shouldn t segregate ourselves or limit Black History Month to one month a year. I wish things were really colorblind. I don t know how other people think about it, but I hope my son sees early on   that not everyone gets a trophy. And this is the problem with people like Stacey Dash and Bristol Palin. Ignoring problems like racism doesn t make them go away; in fact, it always them to fester and grow under cover of dark. Exposing these things is how we rid the world of them. These actors and their supporters are taking on a systemic problem.No, you privileged, clueless little girl, this isn t about trophies and segregation. This is about uncovering the truth and telling it like it is, in an effort to right wrongs that are centuries old and counting.Then again, I don t expect you to know anything about that.Featured image via video screen capture",0
8494, Bernie Sanders Just Opened Up About Something That Will Make Conservatives’ Heads Explode,"In a recent candid interview with the Washington Post, Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders opened up about his religious faith in a way that many will probably find refreshing. Christian conservatives, on the other hand, might want to have a seat.Speaking with reporters Frances Stead Sellers and John Wagner, Sanders made it clear that not only is he not going to try to get votes by playing the religion card, he would rather politicians keep their faith out of politics altogether. As for himself, he freely admits he isn t interested in organized religion. I am not actively involved with organized religion,  Sanders said in a recent interview.Sanders said he believes in God, though not necessarily in a traditional manner. I think everyone believes in God in their own ways,   he said.  To me, it means that all of us are connected, all of life is connected, and that we are all tied together. In other words, Sanders is describing himself as a humanist.In an earlier interview with Jimmy Kimmel, Sanders spoke about how his fellow man, and not a holy book, make him want to be a positive force in the world. Well, you know, I am who I am. And what I believe in and what my spirituality is about is that we re all in this together. That I think it is not a good thing to believe that, as human beings, we can turn our backs on the suffering of other people In classic Sanders fashion, he went on to pivot from spiritual musings to railing against wealth inequality. Once again, we were reminded that when Sanders claims he would rather talk about the issues that face the country rather than his faith or lack thereof, he means it.This is a radical deviation from how most American politicians approach voters. For many, particularly on the right, religious pandering is front-and-center to their campaign strategy. For proof of that, one need only to look at how many Republican candidates have held rallies at Christian universities. Several even launched their campaigns at one.How singularly focused on religion are Republican politicians? Consider this: Trump, a man whose history of divorces, intolerance, and greed would make even Jesus strain to turn the other cheek, has managed to score a key religious ally by grovelling: Evangelical leader Jerry Falwell Jr. He couldn t wait to brag about it.Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 26, 2016Eager to compete, Ted Cruz found his own religious leader to endorse him, Pastor Mike Bickle. Unfortunately, the man turned out to be a raging anti-Semite who claimed Hitler was sent from heaven to kill Jews. The Lord says,  I m going to give all 20 million of them the chance to respond to the fishermen. And I give them grace.  And he says,  And if they don t respond to grace, I m going to raise up the hunters.  And the most famous hunter in recent history is a man named Adolf Hitler. Oops.Ironically, Sanders commitment to avoiding religion in the public square falls more in line with what the Founding Fathers had in mind when they laid out the Constitution that Republicans claim to adore. While many   but not all   of the founders were religious, they were deeply skeptical of letting religion dictate secular society and vice versa. Religion was a private matter; politics, a public one. Mixing the two diminished both.Politics aside, it s clear that Bernie Sanders is defying every rule that Christian conservatives insisted a politician must have. Far from being hurt by his openness about his lack of organized religion, Sanders is doing just fine by sticking with the issues. It seems that a genuine drive to make things better for people really does matter more than being able to say you pray really hard. On the flipside, politicians who are deeply religious, don t seem to have a better track record. Famously, George W. Bush said he spoke to God about the invasion of Iraq   either God has a sick sense of humor or the voice in his head was, in fact, Dick Cheney s.Feature image via Flickr",0
8495, GOP Continues Assault On Planned Parenthood Even After ‘Whistleblowers” Indictment,"If you thought the Republican Party was going to drop their Planned Parenthood witch hunt after the indictment of their criminal  whistleblowers  David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt, you don t know the GOP very well. Honest people might back away from the fraudulent baby parts videos and admit they d been had, but we all know that the right-wing Teapublican lawmakers aren t the brightest, nor most ethical, crayons in the box. Instead of dropping their investigation, lawmakers have decided to keep wasting your tax dollars   all while claiming the country is broke.According to the Huffington Post, Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-Tenn.) released a letter in the wake of the indictment and assured her fellow pro-fetusers that she would not give up the war against women: We will continue to gather information and get the facts about medical practices of abortion service providers and the business practices of the procurement organizations who sell baby body parts. These are issues of importance to the American people. We will study the laws on the books and follow the facts to defend life. What?This is how great the chasm between reality and fiction is for these people. She knows that the videos have been debunked, and yet she continues to insist that the beloved women s health organization is selling baby parts. Not even felony indictments can make her admit that her party was one hundred percent WRONG and she s not the only one. Rand Paul, Ted Cruz, Mike Huckabee and a plethora of other Republicans have all said that they support federal investigations into PP.Rep. Brian Babin (R-Texas) said he was  disappointed and shocked  by the grand jury s decision. He even went so far as to defend David Daleiden for his illegal behavior: It s deeply offensive and ridiculous that those who illegally sell aborted human body parts get a pass   while these two pro-life defenders are indicted for using aliases to expose Planned Parenthood s unlawful and disgusting practices of selling baby body parts. This decision begs the question: how else could they get the truth? The real question is: How much proof do Republicans need before they stop attacking Planned Parenthood and women across the country? I guess that s stupid of me to ask, after all, how many Benghazi hearings have we had?Perhaps the worst part of all of this is that they really don t care about decreasing the number of abortions in this country. If they did, they d support contraception and comprehensive sex education. If they were really  pro-life  they d fully support things like WIC, food stamps, free medical care and free education for all children. What it all really boils down to is that they loathe women and want to punish us in any way they possibly can   even if that means killing us by destroying a health care organization that provides critical care for millions of men too.Featured image via Twitter",0
8496, This Will Make You Think Twice Before Donating To The Wounded Warrior Project (VIDEO),"When you think about the sacrifice our men and women in uniform have undertaken for our country, one honestly can t put into words how grateful we are. They literally offer up their lives for service. When they come home, they should be treated with the utmost respect and grace, and most certainly should not be taken advantage of. However, one group that has been very vocal and outgoing in their supposed help of wounded veterans coming home seems to be using them to make money for themselves.The Wounded Warrior Project is one of the most visible groups out there raising money for veterans. They have commercials, big events, and publicity. On the surface, they look like a very reputable organization. However, as CBS News investigated, it looks as though they are, quite literally, wasting donation money, and they re not really hiding it either.According to CharityNavigator.org, Wounded Warrior Project only spends 60% of the money they take in on the actual services that help veterans. That may sound pretty great until you realize that other groups like Disabled American Veterans Charitable Service Trust (DAV) utilizes nearly 97% of their funds towards going directly to veterans.According to Army Staff Sergeant Erick Millette, who actually worked as a public speaker for Wounded Warrior project back in 2013: Their mission is to honor and empower wounded warriors, but what the public doesn t see is how they spend their money. Also telling CBS News: You re using our injuries, our darkest days, our hardships, to make money. So you can have these big parties  Let s get a Mexican mariachi band in there, let s get maracas made with [the] WWP logo, put them on every staff member s desk. Let s get it catered and have a big old party Going to a nice fancy restaurant is not team building. Staying at a lavish hotel at the beach here in Jacksonville, and requiring staff that lives in the area to stay at the hotel is not team building. A four-day conference for 500 staff members in Colorado for  team building  had a price tag of around $3 million. That s money that should be going to veterans. They are literally using the money to throw themselves lavish events instead of honor the veterans they are supposedly serving. The entire thing is almost obscene.Wounded Warrior Project s chief executive Steve Nardizzi even admits he runs the charity like a for profit company.  And while they are still raising money for veterans and using that money towards the needs and services of those who need them, please think twice before donating and perhaps donate to another group instead. If they are pulling in over $300 million, but only 60% is going towards veterans, that s nearly $120 million not going to veterans that should be.Wounded Warriors Project s mission is  To honor and empower Wounded Warriors.  However, where s the honor in skimming off the top of all their much-needed money to throw themselves parties all over the country?Watch here to see the CBS News investigation:Featured image: Jacksonville.com",0
8497, How Electable Is Bernie Sanders? A Skeptic’s Response To Robert Reich’s New Pro-Bernie Video,"The great Robert Reich posted a new whiteboard video this week in which he makes a case in support of Bernie Sanders by reacting to claims made by Bernie Sanders skeptics   Democratic voters who aren t convinced Bernie is The Guy. I hasten to underline that while I m a Bernie skeptic, I m not a Hillary Clinton supporter either, though I do intend to vote for either Bernie or Hillary in June s California primary, as well as for the Dem nominee in the general election. Obviously. I d also like to repeat that I think Reich is one of the great left-wing political thinkers of our time. Now that the obligatory qualifiers are out of the way, Reich is off base with several of his counterpoints to Bernie skeptics.Let s take a look.1)  He d never beat Trump or Cruz.  Reich s response suggests that Bernie does indeed have a polling advantage over the Republicans in the general election, more so than Clinton. Unfortunately, Politifact determined that Bernie s version of this assessment is flatly  False.  While Sanders and Clinton each lead Trump, specifically, in the general election according to an NBC/Wall Street Journal poll, Sanders trails both Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, while Clinton performs slightly better. PPP, meanwhile, shows Sanders losing to Trump, Cruz and Rubio while Clinton defeats all three. Additionally, and this is crucial to understanding the general election differences between the Democratic hopefuls, voters have been following Hillary Clinton for 35 years and yet she still performs better, scandals and all, than Sanders against the GOP in most polls. Sanders, meanwhile, is a relative unknown, so it s too early to tell how he ll do after the GOP begins to relentlessly attack him.2)  Congress would reject his ideas.  Reich reminds us that if Congress remains in the hands of the Republicans, Hillary Clinton wouldn t be able to do much legislatively either. Actually, that s not necessarily true. Clinton s agenda is decidedly more moderate, so while she s sure to run up against significant GOP opposition, it ll be easier for her to shake loose centrist and center-right Republicans, as well as blue dog Democrats who would otherwise oppose Sanders  significantly more leftist ideas.Reich goes on to say that Bernie could bring about a Democratic majority in Congress   if!   his political revolution works out. That s a super-colossal  if.  First of all, no revolution this year will change any gerrymandered districts. Secondly, let s suppose Sanders rides a massive wave of support into the White House with very long coattails. He d need a roughly 70-seat Democratic majority in the Senate to pass his single-payer proposal, for example.Why 70 and not 60? Blue dog Democrats. The blue dogs successfully killed the public option in 2009 and would surely join the Republicans in filibustering Bernie s single-payer legislation, hence the extra 10 votes above and beyond the 60 required to break the filibuster. Realistically, the only thing that might be able to spark a 70-seat majority (the House is totally different story, by the way) is another major financial crisis or another groundbreaking event that d compel voters to choose Democratic candidates across the board.3)  America would never elect a socialist.  Reich makes the off-the-shelf argument that there are many popular socialist programs in the United States, therefore Americans love socialism. Wrong. American voters love socialism, yes, but they don t know they do. And this argument about public schools and roads has been used since forever without successfully nudging very many voters leftward. Trust me, I ve tried it many, many times.Socialism, as we observed when Obama was falsely accused of pushing it in 2009, is still intensely demonized as being the same as communism (it s not) and, in some cases, Republicans have erroneously conflated it with the Nazis, aka  National Socialists.  (Just because  socialism  is in the name of the party founded by Hitler doesn t mean it s really socialist. Likewise, hot dogs don t contain actual dogs.)When the Republicans launch their relentless attack on Sanders  democratic-socialist platform, it ll be another swift-boating like we observed in 2004, only it ll be more relentless. Some undecided moderate voters in swing states   the people who decide elections in the polarized modern era   might be convinced to vote Sanders, but it s a long shot. These are picky, old-fashioned voters in states like Pennsylvania and Missouri. Bottom line: Softening the American voters  negative attitudes about socialism will take much longer than nine months.4)  His single-payer proposal would require raising taxes on the middle class.  I m with Reich and Sanders on this one. It s a bogus argument, pushed by skeptics and Hillary supporters alike. According to Sanders  numbers, middle class families would pay less per year for healthcare and therefore end up saving money in spite of a modest tax hike. The trouble, however, is getting Congress to support a tax hike on the middle class. See also #2.5)  His plan for free college tuition would mean colleges would be run by government rules.  I haven t heard any Democratic skeptics saying this, but I might ve just missed them. Nevertheless, I again agree with Sanders and Reich here. There s nothing in Sanders  proposal, or Obama s two-year-college plan, for that matter, showing that colleges would have to kowtow to the federal government.6)  He s too old.  Reich believes 74 is the new 64 and, honestly, I m not concerned about Bernie s age at all. As long as his would-be vice presidential nominee is strong, it s a non-issue. However, this will be an area the Republicans will use to attack Sanders, but it won t matter all that much. John McCain s age was only modestly relevant due to his battle with skin cancer. Sanders, on the other hand, seems quite energetic and healthy.So, all told, three of Reich s counterpoints to skeptics aren t particularly strong, while one counterpoint against middle class tax hikes is directed at hardline pro-Hillary people (not mere skeptics) as well as Republicans, and the final two are counterpoints to arguments I haven t really heard coming from Bernie skeptics.All in all, it still seems like a Sanders victory and a subsequent Sanders presidency would be a long shot. Not impossible, but risky from the standpoint of overcoming significant electoral and political hurdles, as well as the current status of the (obscenely gerrymandered) Congress. Democrats ultimately have to decide whether Sanders  agenda is worth risking a possible Republican victory in November.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Bernie skepticsHow to respond to Bernie skeptics? Watch our latest video to find out.Posted by Robert Reich on Tuesday, January 26, 2016Featured image via video screen grab",0
8498, Fox CEO Desperately Begs Donald Trump’s Wife And Daughter To Get Him Back In Debate (TWEET),"Fox News and Republican front-runner Donald Trump have been in a strange power struggle ever since Trump decided to boycott the network s Thursday night GOP debate because the business mogul can t stand to be in the same room as Fox host and debate moderator Megyn Kelly.Clearly shaken up since Kelly got the best of him the first time she moderated the Republican debate, Trump has decided to make the GOP lineup look like even more of a circus by skipping the debate. So far the network is standing by Kelly, stating that it wouldn t give into  terrorizations toward any of our employees.  But it appears that Fox might not be genuine, as it is still secretly trying to get Trump back in by using two secret weapons   Trump s wife and daughter.On Wednesday morning, Morning Joe host Joe Scarborough exposed Fox News CEO Roger Ailes for trying to get Ivanka and Melania Trump to change The Donald s mind about skipping the debate, but Trump refused to speak with him and insisted that he d only speak with network owner Rupert Murdoch. Scarborough stated: Per our sources, Roger Ailes was calling Ivanka, he was trying to get in touch with Trump, he was calling Melania, people that he s got a good relationship with, they love Roger. They have a great respect for him. But at this point, Trump s only gonna talk to Rupert, and they re going to figure it out. In response to Trump s childish boycott, there s been an outpouring of controversy in the media, even from Kelly s side. Earlier this week, Kelly welcomed liberal filmmaker Michael Moore onto her show, where the documentarian mocked Trump and congratulated the Fox host for scaring Trump out of the debate   a task that not even his Republican rivals could pull off. Moore said,  In all seriousness, let me say this, you ve done something that Jeb Bush, Chris Christie, Rubio, Cruz   none of them have been able to do. Which is to, essentially, frighten him. Meanwhile, Trump has continued to bash Kelly on social media, signaling that his immature, mostly one-sided feud with her is far from over. Solidifying Kelly s point during the first GOP debate that Trump had zero respect for women, Trump tweeted:TwitterFeatured image via Donald Trump Facebook",0
8499, Ted Cruz Lies About Tithing In Interview With Christian Journalist (VIDEO),"The Book of Leviticus is often cited by conservative  Christians  as examples of biblical law the nation must obey. Ted Cruz, however, doesn t practice what he preaches.According to Leviticus 19:11: Ye shall not steal, neither deal falsely, neither lie one to another. But that is exactly what the Texas Tea Party Senator did during a face to face interview with David Brody on the Christian Broadcasting Network.The interview addressed Cruz s past failure to tithe, an obligation important to the evangelical community in which Christians are required to give at least ten percent of their income to the church as set by the Bible. It s especially important to the pastors in the movement who need those hard-earned dollars to enrich themselves.And if Cruz wants the support of evangelical voters, you would think he would be honest and explain himself satisfactorily, or at the very least, beg for forgiveness. But not only did Cruz tell a fabricated story to cover his ass, he did so right in the face of a Christian journalist and all the Christians watching. Listen on the question of tithing, all of us are on a faith journey, and I will readily admit that I have not been as faithful in this aspect of my walk as I should have been,  Cruz said. That article focuses on ten years ago. We don t have the ability to go back and change what occurred ten years ago when Heidi and I were newly married and we d just started a family. But at the end of the day, being a Christian is not about holding yourself out as righteous. It s about beginning with the understanding that we are flawed sinners and we are saved not by deeds but by Christ s redemption. I am grateful that God is a patient and forgiving God and this area, as in many areas of my life I am working to do a better job walking in my faith. Here s the video via CBN.Mediaite s Tommy Christopher, who grew up in a fundamentalist household, fact-checked Cruz s story and discovered that it is nothing more than a tall tale.The story he references, first of all, doesn t focus on  ten years ago,  it covers Ted s tax returns for a five-year period that ended five years ago. From 2006 to 2010, Ted Cruz made $5,064,248.00 and gave $44,000.00 to charity. That s 0.86% of his income, or about 8.6% of a tithe. In 2006, when Cruz made  only  $350 grand, he and Heidi weren t  newly married,  they d been married for five years, and they weren t  starting a family,  they didn t have kids until 2008.In other words, the story Ted Cruz gave about he and his wife being something of a struggling couple with mouths to feed is bullshit. He made more money in five years than most Americans do in a lifetime, yet he couldn t be bothered to share his wealth with the church community he has been aggressively pandering to over the years. If Cruz had followed the general rule, his tithing would have totaled $500,000 over those five years.Once again, Ted Cruz gets caught being a liar and a total hypocrite.Featured Image: Nation of Change ",0
8500, Veteran’s Letter Thanking Bernie Sanders For Voting Against Iraq War Goes Viral (VIDEO),"A U.S. Marine s letter to Bernie Sanders that expressed the utmost gratitude for the Senator s position on not sending U.S. troops to Iraq has recently gone viral, and it s easy to see why.The letter surfaced on Tuesday morning, when Reddit user CharlieDarwinsFather created a post titled An open letter to Bernie Sanders from a Veteran of the Iraq War  in the subreddit SandersforPresident, where many of Sanders  supporters gather to share news about the Democratic presidential candidate. The letter s author had been based in North Carolina and had served in combat during the second battle of Fallujah in Iraq during 2005, 2006 and 2007.Having lived through those battles as a young adult and seeing the short and long-term effects that war had on his fellow marines, the author thanked the Vermont Senator with great sincerity for opposing the Iraq War, and said he wished that America had more politicians like Sanders who weren t afraid to fight for real peace. In his letter, the U.S. Marine wrote: Senator Sanders,I want to thank you. I want to thank you for exercising sound judgement even when everyone around you was beating the war drums.See I fought in the streets of Fallujah, Iraq. I saw more blood and death than any 19 year old ever should. The amount of friends I ve lost to war will likely be surpassed by the amount of friends I ve since lost to suicide.I know first hand the moral cost of war. One of the most painful truths that I must go through life with is that I fought in an unjust and unfounded war. While my intentions were good and I fought hard for the men to my left and to my right, and while I thought what I was doing what was right for the people of Iraq- I was wrong.You knew this. You knew this before we went to war and you fought, and you spoke truth to your peers and though your words largely fell on deaf ears, I am truly heartened to know that I now have a chance to vote for a man who exercised sound and moral judgement when the war drums were beating the loudest.I have a son. He is only one and a half years old but someday he will be 18 and I fear that if we continue to elect the same establishment politicians, he too will face the same decision that I did, and he too will go off to fight in an endless quagmire and that he too will come home, broken, and never fully returned or worse- never come home at all.So thank you, Senator Sanders, for being of sound mind and judgement. Thank you for being the only voice in this race that does not want to continue this legacy of warfare. Thank you for being the only voice that is and has been standing up for those of us that fought in these misguided wars. Thank you for giving me hope for a peaceful future. Sincerely, A U.S. Marine   0311 Operation Iraqi FreedomThe letter has gone viral, and it s easy to see why as Sanders  anti-establishment approach continues to win over Americans across the country. Now more than ever, we re becoming more aware of the affects that war has on our veterans, and just how common homelessness, suicide and mental illnesses like PTSD are.This letter is especially noteworthy because Sanders recently pointed out   during Monday s Democratic Town Hall on CNN   that presidential candidate Hillary Clinton had supported the war while Sanders rallied against sending troops to Iraq because he was afraid it would create more power for extremists (which he was right about).Sanders has been passionate about preserving peace for a long time   as this video of Sanders giving a passionate speech in 2002 reveals:Sanders, who is the former Chairman and a current member of the Senate Veterans  Affairs Committee, continues to fight for America s veterans and has made it a crucial part of his campaign. This mission is spelled out right on Sanders  website: Sen. Sanders believes that just as planes and tanks and guns are a cost of war, so is taking care of the men and women who we sent off to fight the war. It includes caring for the spouses and children who have to rebuild their lives after the loss of a loved one. It includes caring for the hundreds of thousands of veterans with multiple amputations or loss of eyesight, post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury. It includes veterans who are having difficulty keeping jobs in order to pay their bills, and it includes the terrible tragedy of veterans committing suicide. And regardless of whether or not you think America should go to war, it s impossible to argue with Sanders when he says: While serious people can have legitimate differences about when our country should go to war, there should never be a debate whether we fulfill the promises made to the men and women who served this country in the military. As a nation, we have a moral obligation to provide the best quality care to those who have put their lives on the line to defend us. Featured image via Fort Rucker / Flickr",0
8501, MUST-SEE: Protester Hurls Tomatoes At Donald Trump During Iowa Rally (VIDEO),"During a Wednesday rally at the University of Iowa in Iowa City, a protester hurled tomatoes at Donald Trump after the Republican presidential frontrunner referred to Bernie Sanders as a  communist. In a news release, officials said Andrew Joseph Alemao, 28, was observed throwing two tomatoes at Trump, the real estate mogul and front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination.Alemao has been charged with disorderly conduct, a simple misdemeanor punishable by a fine of up to $625 or 30 days in prison. He is currently being held in the Johnson County Jail.He was taken into custody by the Secret Service and the UIPD after throwing the tomatoes, the release said.At least three Sanders supporters were apparently escorted by security out of the rally, with Trump shouting,  Get  em outta here!  to the cheers of his fans in the crowd.Not one of the tomatoes actually hit Trump.But it shouldn t matter.Frankly, regardless of how vile, obnoxious and ultimately dangerous Trump might be, there s simply no excuse for anyone to engage in physical violence against him, or any public figures for that matter. It s childish, unacceptable behavior   especially for liberals who ought to know better. If activists are incapable of making an argument using words, evidence and reason, they should figure out how it s done, rather than embarrassing the rest of us (especially other Bernie supporters) by lashing out like an infant who refuses to eat and hurls his food at the wall in protest.The same goes for pie attacks against William Kristol and Ann Coulter, or red paint attacks against Condoleezza Rice. In fact, at the time, I wrote something similar when a protester attacked George W. Bush by throwing shoes at the former president. Feel free to applaud these kinds of attacks   I m sure it s cathartic   but know that by encouraging such atrociously violent, kneejerk behavior, you re only encouraging more of it.And, so, don t be surprised when conservative activists retaliate with the same thing against liberal leaders and celebrities, not unlike how a pissed off wingnut attacked Hillary Clinton back in 2014. Put another way: it s probably not difficult for Trump supporters to worm their way into Democratic rallies.Just to be clear: it s entirely possible that the tomato-tosser wasn t a Bernie supporter at all. Featured image via video screen grab.",0
8502," Sorry Republicans, LaVoy Finicum Didn’t Have His Hands Up When He Was Shot","As much as many conservatives would like to believe that the Bundy militia were merely innocent victims of the government, a picture is emerging that makes it clear the now-deceased LaVoy Finicum intentionally provoked a reaction from the law enforcement officers after trying to flee arrest.Finicum was part of a large group of the Bundy militants who were stopped by the FBI en route to yet another propaganda appearance in a nearby town. Rather than simply let the group go unimpeded, the authorities finally decided to act. It was a long time coming. The group had occupied a federal wildlife refuge for over a month, and with no end in sight and violent, paranoid extremists flooding into the region the situation was getting more out of hand by the moment.Sadly, it was not entirely surprising to learn that it was Finicum who resisted arrest. He had frequently claimed that he would rather die in a shootout than be arrested. Whether that was his intention on the night of his death is unclear, but his hostility towards law enforcement and his paranoia certainly contributed.Not everyone is convinced, however. Almost immediately after Finicum s death was announced, right-wing sympathizers began spinning a conspiracy that he had been executed with his hands up while his fellow  patriots  watched. The myth wasn t relegated to the backwaters of the internet, either. Soon, even sitting Republican politicians and Bundy s own Facebook page were repeating the tale.Michele Fiore, an anti-government conservative who   hypocritically  happens to work as a state representative in Nevada, repeated the lie to her Twitter followers.My heart & prays go out to LaVoy Finicum's family he was just murdered with his hands up in Burns OR.Ryan Bundy has been shot in the arm  Michele Fiore (@VoteFiore) January 27, 2016Jim Hoft, a conservative blogger who has been labeled the Stupidest Man on the Internet for consistently posting misinformation, ran with the story, repeating Cliven Bundy s baseless claim: LaVoy Finicum was murdered. Cold-blooded murder. They shot him with his hands up. Unfortunately for this convenient narrative, witnesses of the arrest say Finicum was the provoker. Melvin Lee was behind the Bundy convoy during the arrest. He recounts how Finicum tried to flee, and the wound up charging the officers. There happened to be some arguments between the guys in the truck. Somehow they got Ryan Payne pulled out of the truck, apparently. LaVoy had took off   he ended up hitting a snowbank, I guess, trying to get around the blockade. After he hit that snowbank, he came out of that truck and he charged at the law enforcement, as I understand it. A bodyguard of Ammon s said that Finicum crashed his car, then jumped out and began charging at the agents. He also concluded that this was entirely in Finicum s character. He was not on his knees, none of that. He was none of that nonsense. You know, that was a miscommunication on somebody else s part. But he went after them. He charged them. You know, LaVoy was very passionate about what he was doing up here. Finicum is said to have been radicalized by the Bundy s during the Nevada ranch showdown. In an interview, he once said that Cliven asked him to be the first  cowboy  to show up to what would become the standoff. I said Cliven, don t let them take your cows,  Finicum recalled in an interview with OPB.  He says saddle up your horse and be here early in the morning. I was the first cowboy to show up in the dark. In fall 2015, Finicum followed in Bundy s footsteps and chose to stop complying with his lease contract with the Bureau of Land Management, in spite of a long positive relationship with the agency.His death was the culmination of years of right-wing paranoia being relentlessly hurled at him from conservative politicians and media figures. They exploited his anxieties and played on his fears until eventually he decided to take action. There s no question that Finicum died believing he was in a struggle with a tyrannical government. His charge at authorities confirms that. Perhaps that is why the right-wing so desperately wants to prove that his hands were up. If he was innocent, than so are they.But he wasn t.Featured image via screen capture",0
8503, Two-Thirds Of Mayors In America Support Raising The Minimum Wage,"Republicans in Congress may not support raising the minimum wage, but most mayors in America say they want to do exactly that.A Politico survey reached out to 73 mayors in cities across the country asking them if they would consider raising the minimum wage like had been done in Seattle, Los Angeles, and New York City, all three of which approved a $15 minimum wage over the last two years.In a stunning result, 65 percent of the mayors surveyed said they would definitely consider raising the minimum wage. 37 percent said they would consider raising wages as high as $15 an hour while 28 percent said they consider raising wages but not quite as high as $15, suggesting they would support President Obama s call to raise the minimum wage to at least $10 an hour.29 percent of the mayors are like the Republicans who control Congress, in that they refuse to consider the idea of raising the minimum wage at all.Income inequality and poverty ranked as serious issues among the mayors with 80 percent identifying both as great challenges to overcome.Of course, raising the minimum wage would do a lot to close the income gap and provide families with more resources. And because families would spend that extra money, it would be a huge boost to the local economy. It would also help Americans pay for housing, which is getting much more difficult now. In addition, it would save the federal government millions of dollars because higher wages would mean less people needing federal aid such as food stamps to get by.Sadly, efforts to raise the minimum wage have been largely left to cities as Republicans in control of state legislatures and Congress refuse to take up the issue so as not to anger their corporate masters, despite the fact that studies from both sides of the aisle support wage hikes.Indeed, Republicans would rather eliminate the minimum wage all together so that corporate CEOs can pay their employees slave wages that would make America look more like it did during the Gilded Age, when workers were kept in poverty due to low wages, and the top 2 percent controlled more than a third of the nation s wealth.And once again, unless the issue of low wages and income inequality is addressed in a meaningful way, America will be repeating history, which means that the middle class will cease to exist and workers will struggle to keep their families and themselves afloat as the wealthy use their money to buy politicians to ensure that nothing ever changes.Raising the minimum wage and tying it to the rate of inflation has never been more important to achieve. And as Seattle, Los Angeles, and New York City have demonstrated, it can be done. But if we want it to happen across the entire nation, the 2016 Election would be a great place to start. Republicans think they can keep forcing Americans to work longer and harder with inadequate pay while they continue to make $174,000 a year working only for 110 days out of 365.Clearly, there is something terribly wrong when lawmakers can raise their own taxpayer paid salaries at will while they continue to reject the pleas of working people across the country to have their own efforts rewarded with a much needed wage increase.Featured Image: PR Watch",0
8504, Racists Explode As Death Of Bundy Militant Blamed On Jews And White Oppression (IMAGES),"On Tuesday night, the FBI finally stopped treating the Oregon militants with kid gloves and arrested several of them as they were on their way to terrorize another local town meeting. One of the militants, the ridiculous LaVoy Finicum aka  Tarp Man,  charged at the authorities after crashing his truck and was killed. This was confirmed explicitly by two of the militants who were at the scene. This will, in no way, stop right wing extremists from lying about it. They finally have their martyr:// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;LaVoy has left us, but his sacrifice will never be far from the lips of those who love liberty. You cannot defeat us. Our blood is seed.Posted by Bundy Ranch on Tuesday, January 26, 2016The reaction from the not-at-all-racist right wing was immediate and 100% predictable: They played the white victim card. Because white people are oppressed in America:// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;If these people were protesting in the city and were a different color the police and FBI would have left them alone to Posted by Kevin Bradshaw on Tuesday, January 26, 2016// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Remember when the police shot and killed the violent Ferguson protestors after they did millions in damage, looted, Posted by Dane Frederick Hoover on Wednesday, January 27, 2016In the alternate reality the right wing lives in, the cops went easy on the Ferguson protesters. They must have missed the part where the police showed up in full military gear like an invading army.Image courtesy of The Feminist WireThere were tanks in Ferguson. Fucking tanks against unarmed protesters. TANKS! Meanwhile, the armed militants in Oregon promised to kill anyone that tried to arrest them and they were allowed to hold fucking press conferences. Clearly, Bundy and his terrorists got the shaft.But it s OK! The White Crusaders at the not-at-all-racist Stormfront know who to blame! The Jews and America s anti-white hatred, of course:__________________Adolf Hitlist s S.O.F. (Statements Of Fact)1. The Jews want a world where life is lived in fear, and cowardice is how you survive. 2. Multi-racialism breeds racism. How can you hate minorities if you don t know any. 3. Trying to fight Communism with Democracy is like trying to stab someone who is shooting at you. 4. Black isn t the opposite of White! Jewish is!On the contrary, you should read the report that the USGS published about the area. I think the Jewmerican regime wanted to push everyone out so they can mine those metals, render it uninhabitable to whites at the same time, and sell the metals to China, Israel and anyone else who wants to harm, or kill us. They have driven everyone else off their land, Bundy was the last. Now we will see that the feds have no intention to leave that lands as a refuge for wildlife.I m furious. Absolutely enraged. This is a direct, frontal assault on White America by the hostile, occupation government in Washington, D.C. The authorities shoot and kill a White man for exercising civil rights while blacks, browns and their liberal enablers get protected and publicly lauded for exercising the same civil rights.A White patriot in Oregon gets a bullet. Non-white looters in Baltimore get  room to destroy.  The National Guard stands idly by and watches while blacks burn Ferguson. Politicians of both the GOP and Democrat varieties praise the non-white  protesters  causing chaos in cities all across America because, ya know,  Black Lives Matter.   White lives, however, are apparently expendable when the federal government wants to make a point about who s in charge.What s wrong with this picture, kinsmen?The obvious question to ask now is how many cops will be assassinated over the death of a right wing terrorist? Unlike the Black Lives Matter movement, right wing extremists ARE violent. Incredibly so. They re consumed with visions of a race war to  take back their country  from all of Those People and see anyone with a badge (or darker skin) as the enemy. The last time the FBI killed a right wing militant, they went on a rampage that ended with the Oklahoma City Bombing and dozens of dead children. The right is far more radicalized now and violence is inevitable.Will we continue to ignore right wing extremists and pretend that there isn t a burgeoning insurrection fueled by racism in America? Or will we finally start treating them like the terrorists they are only after the next federal building is blown up?Featured image via Facebook.",0
8505, Michael Moore Destroys Trump On Megyn Kelly’s Show (VIDEO),"Michael Moore made on appearance on the Megyn Kelly s show in time to mock Trump for boycotting the debates scheduled for Thursday night. Trump has thrown a hissy fit over what he says is Kelly s unfair treatment of him.  What s he afraid of? I m sitting here, I don t feel any fear,  said Moore. Speaking directly to Trump, Moore said: Donald, come now. Come sit beside me, I ll hold your hand, she s fine. She s fine. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VR8s32UCTd4] It was fun watching Moore revel in the glee of Trump and Fox News not getting along. He also enjoyed watching Kelly get under Trump s skin. He said: You have done something that Jeb Bush, Chris Christie, Rubio, Cruz, none of them have been able to do, which is to essentially frighten him, make him run, shut him down. Everyone s tried to do this for months and you did it! This is true. All of the candidates have been lame in standing up to Trump. His unprecedented domination of the debates has seen him not only lead the Republican pack for the nomination, but he has at times obliterated his opponents, especially the squirmy Jeb Bush.Yet, he chose to ditch the debates at crunch time. Moore said: To get elected President in this country, you have to come on this network. You have to play ball with this network. Donald Trump today said  I m not playing with this network.  That s an historic moment, and it s going to be interesting to see where the real power is. Trump thinks he doesn t need Fox News. I think Fox News probably has something else to say about that. Fox News and Donald Trump make a perfect couple. Let s hope the marriage made in hell continues to disintegrate.Featured Image Via YouTube Screenshot.",0
8506," Trump’s Words To Megyn Kelly In 2011 Just Came Back To Haunt Him, Big Time (VIDEO)","Donad Trump s words to Megan Kelly in a 2011 interview about the Republican debates are coming back to haunt him big time today, and reveal the real reason he s backing out. He s scared of her.Trump was railing at the quality of debate moderators at the time, stating that they were unaware of the big issues and failing to grill candidates sufficiently. Kelly asked: Do you really think you re a better moderator than I am? To which Trump responded: No, I could never beat you. That wouldn t even be close. That would be no contest. You have done a great job, by the way, and I mean it. Flash forward a few years, and when Kelly applied that no-nonsense moderation to Trump himself, he didn t feel quite so complimentary. In fact, he fully freaked out.First he began hate-tweeting her.Then he claimed she must have been on her period, on national television, in a bid to undermine her.And after refusing to end his relentless vendetta against her, now he is set to boycott Fox s Republican debate on Thursday night. He is literally unable to face Kelly. While happy to rail against her in the media, and launch playground bully-style hate-tweets at her on social media   when it comes to going up against her face to face, he s bailing.If Trump cannot face a few tough questions from Megan Kelly, how on earth would he handle tough talks with Putin, or Iran, or China or even Congress? The trust fund tycoon has lived the sort of pampered life where his cash normally protects him from dealing with those who hurt his ego or un-nerve him. As President of the United States, a far tougher skin and sureness of character is required   neither of which Donald Trump possesses.Featured Image via Screengrab",0
8507, Terry Schiavo’s Husband Is LIVID That Jeb Bush’s Super PAC Used Her Image In This Ad (VIDEO),"The lowest point in Jeb Bush s political career has to be the heartbreaking case of Terry Schiavo. Terry was pronounced brain-dead in 1990 after her husband Michael found her unconscious in their Florida home. Terry s parents, holding on for hope, refused to allow her to be removed from life support.A long and grueling legal battle ensued, with the courts eventually siding with Michael, on advice from doctors who confirmed that Terry was, in all sentient manner, gone and not coming back. It was time to let Terry go.In stepped Jeb Bush, then governor of Florida, and his  all life is sacred  political crusade to  save  a woman who had been gone for 15 years and was only alive through autonomic function and a breathing tube. Jeb took the case back to court, had legislation passed and even signed an executive order to keep Terry Schiavo s body functioning, denying her husband the closure he so desperately deserved.In the end, Terry was finally allowed to rest, despite the best efforts of  pro-life  Jeb Bush and the conservative right, who believe all life is sacred, except for the 21 people executed in Florida s death chamber under his watch.Now, 26 years after Michael Schiavo lived what would be anyone s worst nightmare, Jeb Bush s Right to Rise Super PAC is releasing a new campaign ad that spotlight s the tragedy of Terry Schiavo by using her image as they talk about  protecting life. Michael  is not happy. In an interview with Politico, Schiavo said that he found the ad  disgusting,  adding that it  sounds like a last-ditch effort to get the right-wing constituents.  How right he is. Bush, long considered the favorite to win the GOP nomination, has faltered in the polls, especially with the conservative base who favor lunatic Ted Cruz and sociopath Donald Trump. Jeb Bush s political aspirations, however, don t make using a family s tragedy OK.Schiavo added: Using his disgraceful intervention in our family s private trauma to advance his political career shows that he has learned nothing. He s proud of the fact that he used the machinery of government to keep a person alive through extraordinary artificial means   contrary to the orders of the court that were based on the court s determination, made over six years of litigation, that doing so would be against her wishes. What the campaign video shows is that if he ever got his hands on the power of government again, he would do the same thing again, maybe next time to your family. Extremely wise words from a man who has seen first hand what a Jeb Bush can do if given any kind of power.Watch the despicable ad below:Featured image by Gage Skidmore",0
8508," If You Vote Hillary In 2016, Look Who May Be Headed To The Supreme Court","Hillary Clinton has revealed the person she would  love  to appoint to the U.S. Supreme Court if she becomes president in 2016 is none other than current President Barack Obama.The prospect of a Justice Obama reared it s head during a campaign event in Deocorah, Iowa on Tuesday. A voter asked Mrs. Clinton is she would consider appointing Obama to SCOTUS if she were made President, and it put a huge smile on her face. She told the 450-strong crowd: Wow what a great idea I love that! Wow!  Adding later, I mean, he s brilliant, and he can set forth an argument, and he was a law professor. So he has all the credentials. Now we do have to get a Democratic Senate to get him confirmed so you re going to have to help me on that, OK? This isn t the first time that a future place on the Supreme Court for Mr. Obama has been raised. Sadly, he was a little cold on the idea, put to him by The New Yorker in 2014: I love the law, intellectually,  he said at the time. I love nutting out these problems, wrestling with these arguments. I love teaching. I miss the classroom and engaging with students. But I think being a Justice is a little bit too monastic for me. Particularly after having spent six years and what will be eight years in this bubble, I think I need to get outside a little bit more. But who knows? Once he s had a chance to get some quality time with the Obama women, played a lot of golf, and wound down from the presidency   that hunger that drove him to the White House might propel Obama onto the Supreme Court.What is certain is that the prospect of Justice Obama is going to strike fear into the heart of every gun-loving, woman-hating, gay-bashing, conservative in the country. First the notorious RBG, and now this.Featured Image via Flickr Creative Commons",0
8509, Bundy Militant Vows To Die In Gunfight With Feds: ‘You Guys Are Going To Watch Me Die LIVE’ (VIDEO),"Many of the terrorists who were participating in the armed occupation of a federal bird sanctuary in Oregon turned tail and fled after the FBI arrested their leaders and fellow  freedom fighters, killing the spokesman for the group of heavily-armed right-wing extremists,  Tarp Man  LaVoy Finicum, as he opened fire on law enforcement.Arrested were leaders Ryan and Ammon Bundy, right-wing internet radio host Pete Santilli,  Brian Cavalier, Shawna Cox and Ryan Payne, John Ritzheimer (who had fled home shortly before the crackdown to visit his family), and Joseph O Shaugnessy. Authorities say that everyone but Ryan Bundy and LaVoy Finicum cooperated. Bundy suffered a minor gunshot wound, and Finicum lost his life for his cause   something he recently said he would do rather than allow himself to be arrested.One of those men, an ISIS supporter who joined the Bundy clan as their  resident IT guy, decided to livestream from within the Bundy  militia  compound. David Fry confirmed that children had, indeed, been removed from Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. This is a good thing because of what he said next. Looks like this is it. This is gonna be the final stand here guys,  Fry says, asking people in the chat to say  Happy America.  His mood was joyful as he spoke of dying in a blaze of gunfire. Fry explains that the holdouts are surrounded and that a lot of the  rest of the guys  had  tucked tail and ran. We re not here to fight guys, we re here to defend,  he says to his audience.  I m defending my base. This is our base.  During the stream, some of his militants told their families they loved them and said goodbye, with one asking that viewers  tell my daughter why I died.  Fry turns the camera on himself: We died fighting for our Constitution. The law of liberty. You guys think this is fake? You guys think this is fake? Here s me, here s  ISIS boy,  here s uh,  Hitler acolyte,  and you guys missed it. They were actually calling me a Satan worshipper not too long ago. So I got called every name out there, and here I am   I m all boogied out and ready to go, and you guys are going to watch me die live. The feed cut out, but his threats seemed very honest   and he was loving every minute of it.Watch the chilling statement below:Featured image via screengrab",0
8510, Terrorist Jon Ritzheimer Uses Sobbing Daughters To Beg For Money Before Turning Himself In,"Jon Ritzheimer, infamous hater of Muslims and one of the terrorists responsible for the occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon, managed to escape the arrests made Tuesday by federal agents of ringleader Ammon Bundy and his band of right-wing nutjobs.According to a post on his Facebook page, Ritzheimer had returned to his home in Arizona to visit with his family:That was, of course, the real reason Ritzheimer was part of the occupation to begin with: Money. After his armed protest of a mosque in Arizona failed to bring in the $10 million he said he needed for  security upgrades,  Ritzheimer began appearing at idiotic  movements  all over the place. His last was the Bundy fiasco in Oregon. Ritzheimer has proven he will go out of his way to find a reason to beg for money, and this was no different. Before turning himself in, he released this video on his Facebook page, along with yet another plea for help for  legal fees  and for help for his family, who he clearly can t support.Ritzheimer has proven he will go out of his way to find a reason to beg for money, and this was no different. Before turning himself in, he released this video on his Facebook page. It s a real tear-jerker anytime you see a man who has repeatedly abandoned his family to fight for stupidity a thousand miles away:https://www.facebook.com/scrappyphx.rider/videos/474428609411611/?autoplay_reason=gatekeeper&video_container_type=0&app_id=6628568379Along with the video was yet another post, complete with a link for donations. Apparently Ritzheimer was pretty well prepared to NOT die for the cause:That s all he wants. A couple of weeks ago all he wanted was to die for the cause. Now all he wants is the government to play by his rules. Let s be honest, Jon   all you want is money.There s no official word yet on Ritzhewimer s arrest or bail requirements. Addicting Info will update this story as more information becomes available.Featured image via file photo",0
8511, Conspiracy Time: Why Trump Thinks Fox News Is Working For Hillary (TWEET),"As part of the Donald Trump campaign s public meltdown over the upcoming Republican presidential debate on Fox News,  senior adviser  Daniel Scavino Jr. made a bizarre allegation on social media.According to Scavino on Twitter, Fox News is feuding with Trump because it is apparently in bed with the Clintons?Fox News Corp. has donated over $3,000,000.00 to the Clinton's. Makes you wonder what goes on behind the scenes . pic.twitter.com/d7Z0aWRdO6  Daniel Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) January 27, 2016Yes, you read that right. Fox News Channel, the network that was launched in 1996 as part of an effort to undermine the Clinton presidency, tireless boosters of George W. Bush and the cheerleaders of efforts to delegitimize President Obama, are part of the vast left wing conspiracy!The temper tantrum from Team Trump about right-wing anchor Megyn Kelly s participation in the debate reached a fever pitch on Tuesday, with Trump issuing a press release claiming that he would not be involved in the debate. Trump is apparently still upset that Kelly, who has been the source of a series of attacks and conspiracy theories against the left, pointed out his misogynistic comments to figures like comedian Rosie O Donnell in the first debate televised on Fox.As is the case with so many of the Trump campaign s nonsensical assertions, this one is a belly-buster. Fox News has been the most reliable ally of the right in its campaign to take down the Clintons. Not a single assertion or crackpot conspiracy about the Clintons hasn t found its way to Fox News is in some shape.Fox has been the network of the Benghazi conspiracy theories, again and again pushing the disproven lie that Secretary Clinton or President Obama issued a stand down order for help when the U.S. compound in Libya was under attack.Fox was part of the team that brought you the Obama birth certificate conspiracy, and who for years broadcast Glenn Beck and his fevered dreams about how Obama was the second coming of Adolph Hitler.Now in the middle of a temper tantrum, in between attacking latinos and promoting the work of white power activists, the Trump campaign has decided that if it is at odds with Fox News, Fox is in league with the Clintons?And this is the campaign currently leading the Republican race for the presidency.Featured image via Flickr",0
8512," Ammon Bundy Arrested, Ryan Bundy And ‘Tarp Man’ Shot After Confrontation With Police (VIDEO)","The ammosexual terrorists currently staging an armed occupation in a federal bird sanctuary in Oregon are standing their ground amid reports that Ammon Bundy and three of their compatriots have been arrested. Monumental imbecile, godawful radio host, and wannabe journalist Pete Santilli s live feed cut out as he stood in front of a hospital near the Malheur Wildlife Refuge to announce that Bundy and others had been arrested, and two had been shot.Santilli says that one of the Faithful received a phone call from the FBI: The word is right now that everyone   and this is the message that they wanted to convey, and if anybody s watching this stream at the refuge   the FBI has conveyed a message: you are free to go, and you must leave now. The confirmation is as follows,  Santilli said.  It is reported that Ammon Bundy is in custody by police. The roads are on lockdown reports of shots being fired and the report that we re getting right now is that two people have been shot.   WRGB reports that one of the militants is dead: Officials said it all began with a traffic stop while Bundy and some of his followers were en route to a community meeting in John Day, about 70 miles away.Shots were fired after FBI agents, Oregon State troopers and other law enforcement agencies made the stop. CNN reports its unclear who fired first.Details of the arrest and confrontation remain unknown, but charges are pending related to the group s 25-day takeover of the wildlife refuge.According to Oregon Live, Ryan Bundy suffered a minor gunshot wound, and Santilli s staff reports that  Tarp Man  Lavoy Finicum, who once warned that he would take death over jail, was also struck by gunfire. The name of the deceased has not been officially released. However, Assemblywoman Michele Fiore says that Finicum is, indeed, dead: If in fact Ammon Bundy has been taken into custody,  he added,  It s not a good thing. Certainly not a good thing.  During the stream, Santilli received a phone call and the stream cut out shortly afterward.  According to Oregon Live, aside from Ammon and Ryan Bundy, the following were arrested:Ryan W. Payne, 32, of Anaconda, Mont., Brian Cavalier, 44, of Bunkerville, Nevada, and Shawna J. Cox, 59, of Kanab, Utah.They have all been charged with conspiracy to impede federal officers, a felony.It is unclear if the remaining domestic terrorists will go home, but it seems unlikely. Many have pledged to fight to the death, with the group begging for clean underwear, tampons, and snacks to survive a long stay at the refuge.  What this means for the occupation remains to be known, but we sincerely hope that Y all Qaeda recognize defeat, give up peacefully, and slink home with their tails between their legs before lives are lost.Watch Santilli report the arrest below:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2b-jYxOSnWY&w=560&h=315]The militants back at  base  are backing down, calling for  all patriots  to join them in defending their illegally-occupied land:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RoeNxjaShk]Militant Jon Ritzheimer posted a video of himself saying goodbye to his children.  FYI. I came home to AZ to visit my family,  he writes.  The feds know I am here and are charging me with Conspiracy to impede a federal officer. I need an attorney. My family needs help and I am hoping they grant me bail.  He added that he is in dire need of a lawyer.A friend of LaVoy Finnicum s confirmed that he is, indeed, dead. The unnamed man put out a call for help, anticipating a raid.[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uh8XKRnHs68?rel=0&showinfo=0&w=420&h=315]Featured image via screengrab",0
8513," Trump Won’t Be At The Fox News Debate, Underoos Officially In Wad (VIDEO)","Well, it looks like Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump is throwing his biggest temper tantrum yet. For days now, he s been complaining about the upcoming GOP debate on Fox News and the fact that Megyn Kelly will be moderating it. He even went to Twitter and Instagram to poll his followers about if he should even bother attending. Fox News responded, pretty much calling him a wimp, saying: Sooner or later Donald Trump, even if he s president, is going to have to learn that he doesn t get to pick the journalists   we re very surprised he s willing to show that much fear about being questioned by Megyn Kelly. However, Trump doesn t care if they call him a scaredy-cat or not, he s now completely pulling out of Thursday s Fox debate. Earlier in the day on Tuesday, he told the press: I probably won t be doing the debate. I m going to have something else in Iowa. Now Trump s refusal to attend has been confirmed by his campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, who told Washington Post: He s definitely not participating in the Fox News debate. His word is his bond. Apparently, he s boycotting the debate and instead holding an event elsewhere in Iowa to raise money for veterans, including the group Wounded Warriors. Trump said of Fox News: They re dealing with someone who s a little bit different. They can t toy with me like they toy with everybody else. And here s Trump s latest post on Instagram: Campaign Statement on Fox News Debate: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/trump-campaign-statement-on-fox-news-debateA photo posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Jan 26, 2016 at 6:16pm PST The hotel magnate is clearly extremely upset that Fox chose Megyn Kelly to moderate the debate, someone who he s had an ongoing heated kerfuffle. However, Fox News is clearly the one who will have the last laugh, as they told Mediaite earlier: We learned from a secret back channel that the Ayatollah and Putin both intend to treat Donald Trump unfairly when they meet with him if he becomes president   a nefarious source tells us that Trump has his own secret plan to replace the Cabinet with his Twitter followers to see if he should even go to those meetings. And Fox News  Roger Ailes stands behind Megyn Kelly, saying: Megyn Kelly is an excellent journalist and the entire network stands behind her   she will absolutely be on the debate stage on Thursday night. They re not about to get bullied around by Donald Trump and his obviously fragile ego, as well as his inability to be criticized to his face.So, to Trump, you go and hold your event. Hopefully, you raise a lot of money for veterans. However, if you want to be leader of the free world, sometimes you re going to have to do things you don t agree with, so maybe this proves now, more than ever, that you belong nowhere near the Oval Office. The debate, and the world, will go on.  Video/Featured image: WaPo",0
8514, FL Hearing Goes FULL RACIST: We Must Ban Abortion To Save ‘White Culture’ (VIDEO),"Florida Republicans have sponsored a bill that would literally ban all abortions except in cases where the woman s health and/or life is threatened by the pregnancy. If passed, the bill, HB 865, would make sure any and all abortion providers would spend up to 30 years in prison for defying the law.As if that weren t bad enough, the hearing for the bill featured a horrible racist by the name of Paul, who said that  white culture  was under threat due to legal abortion. The legislators in the chamber allowed this man to go on an absolutely racist rant, in which he said, in part: We see the destruction we re bringing upon ourself as a nation. The Muslims, they don t kill the babies. Paul then went on to say that white people do not live on an island  and  the Mexicans  breed faster because they don t believe in abortions. Then this absolutely crazy man went all in with a mix of nutty religion and disgusting racism: Their race is through the breeding of having families, children. And what happens is once you see the condition we re in, we re destroying ourselves and destroying our families, we ve accepted something in this country that the Creator   that we re going to pay for. You don t see us as a culture, as a white culture, pushing this agenda of abortion, women outside the home not having babies, everybody getting more and more and more? We re a sick nation and if we don t repent then the people leading our government, you are legislating morality by the laws you pass. You are legislating religion and morality by the laws that we pass as a people, and it s destroying us as a nation. After thanking the chamber for letting him speak, Paul reminded them to repent once more: It s either repent or perish America. That s the way it is. The scary part of this is the fact that the bill passed the committee with a whopping 8-3 vote. So, in other words, Florida is about to go back to the desperation of the pre- Roe v. Wade days,when women were dying in back alley chop shops and from self-administered coat hanger abortions.Watch the video of Paul s racist rant on this scary bill below:Featured image via screen capture from Raw Story",0
8515," THIS: After The Blizzard, Only One Group Of People Showed Up To Run The Senate","A blizzard fell upon Washington D.C. over this past weekend, basically shutting down the whole city, including the U.S. Capitol building. It left many people digging out for days, and some may still be trying to find their cars under the mounds of snow. However, not everyone took this as an excuse to sit at home. Some folks chose to put on their warm coats, lace up their boots, and get to where they needed to be. After all, the country needs them.Now, this may or may not be indicative of the future, but it seems women were they only ones to trudge through the snow to get to the Capitol to get back to work. Yes, women, at least in the Senate chamber.And because she was one of the few people who decided to show up to work on Tuesday, Sen. Lisa Murkowski (I-AK) took over the job of handling Senate business. And as she did so, she stated: As we convene this morning, you look around the chamber, the presiding officer is female. All of our parliamentarians are female. Our floor managers are female. All of our pages are female. Adding: Something is genuinely different   and something is genuinely fabulous. Murkowski was there alongside Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME) who was exercising control over the Senate gavel.Not to let the moment escape without something thoroughly honest being said, Murkowski also noted: Perhaps it speaks to the hardiness of women. That put on your boots and put your hat on and get out and slog through the mess that s out there. Damn right it does! Women know how hard it is for them to get elected, they aren t about to sit back and let a few snowflakes get in their way. They re going to show up, and they re going to get the job done.Featured image: Flickr",0
8516, Ted Cruz Continues To Market In Totally Full Of Sh*t Myths About The So-Called Liberal Media (VIDEO),"Arguably the most popular myth in the Pantheon of Republican fiction is the idea that there s somehow a liberal media conspiracy to suppress conservatism and elevate liberalism. Horseshit.But that hasn t stopped slippery dickface Ted Cruz from furthering the myth whenever possible. During an interview with Howard Kurtz, Cruz responded to a question about the candidate s base and its distrust of the  mainstream media.  I especially like the part about how Cruz s face scares small children. Which is probably true.Via Crooks & Liars:HOWARD KURTZ: When you bash the media, and you have been treated unfairly at times portrayed as somebody who scares little children, but isn t that in your interest to do that? Your base loves that. They don t like the mainstream media.TED CRUZ: There is a reason they don t like the mainstream media because they are partisan liberal democrats.KURTZ: Every single journalist?CRUZ: Almost without exception.KURTZ: Almost without exception?CRUZ: Almost without exception they have a partisan agenda. And we understand   let s take a substantive issue: police officers. If you have one police officer somewhere who does something he shouldn t have, the press will breathlessly report on this terrible, horrible police officer and all the democratic politicians will jump in and demonize and vilify the cops.Let me ask you something? How come the press doesn t tell stories of heroism?The great news is we don t live anymore in a world of three networks that have a stranglehold on information. We have got the internet. We have got the Drudge Report. We have got talk radio. We have got social media. We ve got the ability to go directly around, and directly to the people.Yes, Cruz believes every single journalist is a liberal with an agenda and therefore the news media is part of a liberal conspiracy. I suppose that might be true if you completely overlook the fact that the most popular cable news network in American history is decidedly conservative. Or that 50 percent of broadcast radio is controlled by conservative screechers. Or that most news media outlets are owned by conservative multinational corporations with little interest in liberal politics. Or that one of those corporations, NewsCorp, owns literally hundreds of news media outlets around the world. Even the so-called  liberal  cable news network, MSNBC, is anchored by a four-hour morning show, hosted by a conservative Republican former congressman.The GOP persecution complex is powerful   as powerful as toddlers who think toe-monsters are living under their beds.Featured image via video screen grab.",0
