id,title,text,label
19539,"OHIO ST UNIV TERRORIST Abdul Razak Ali Artan Played Victim In Recent Interview, Criticized College For Not Having Muslim Prayer Rooms On Campus","Abdul Razak Ali Artan, a Somalian refugee came to the US in 2014, and he is already a US Citizen. How does a Muslim refugee from Somalia become a US citizen so quickly? While others wait in line for years, refugees who come to the US through the State Dept. sponsored Refugee Resettlement program are given, food stamps, free health-care, free education, housing, a monthly stipend, in many cases, they are given free furniture, and best of all, they are fast-tracked to US citizenship. What was it that Trump was criticized about again? Wasn t it something about how we needed to stop the flow of Muslim refugees into America until we can find a better way to vet them? I m pretty sure most of the students on the OSU campus are rethinking their opposition to Trump s plan after today (at least those who were mowed down by his vehicle or stabbed by the butcher knife he was wielding during his planned attack). Authorities had previously confirmed that the suspect was a Somali refugee, legally residing in Ohio.Artan fled Somalia with his family in 2007 before landing in Pakistan.He moved to the United States in 2014, where he was granted legal, permanent status.It should be noted that Ohio State s online directory only lists one student with the name, Abdul Artan.Furthermore,  The Lantern    OSU s campus newspaper   ran an interview with Artan just a few months ago, in which he criticized the school for not having Muslim prayer rooms on campus. I wanted to pray in the open, but I was kind of scared with everything going on in the media,  he stated.  I m a Muslim, it s not what the media portrays me to be. I don t blame them,  he continued.  It s the media that put that picture in their heads so they re just going to have it, and it s going to make them feel uncomfortable. Authorities maintain that the attack was  done on purpose  and are treating the incident as a possible terrorist act.   DCMedia would like us to believe they are unsure of the motive behind his attack. ",0
19540,SMILING HOST Shows Women How To Apply Make-Up To Beaten Up Face In Country With 99% Muslim Population [VIDEO],"This video was filmed on Moroccan television, the same country who paid Hillary Clinton ( advocate for women rights ) $28 million through her Clinton Foundation for favors reportedly performed by our government that would benefit Morocco The smiling woman on the daily Moroccan television show spoke to viewers as if it were any other makeup tutorial, comparing brands and hues of face foundation and demonstrating how to apply it.Seated next to her was a woman with what appeared to be a black eye and bruises on her cheekbones.#aworldadrift Morocco TV. Makeup tutorial show how abused women can hide bruises.   pic.twitter.com/xk1AlCEkpT  CaLi-Bano  3  (@CurioGorilla) November 26, 2016 After the beating, this part is still sensitive, so don t press,  the host said in Arabic as she applied makeup on the woman s face, eventually concealing the woman s bruises. Make sure to use loose powder to fix the makeup so if you have to work throughout the day, the bruises don t show,  she said.The makeup tutorial, aired Wednesday on Moroccan state television, instructed viewers how to use concealer to  camouflage the traces of violence against women,  spurring outrage on social media that prompted an apology from the channel. The segment was broadcast two days before the U.N. International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, the Guardian reported. It s a subject we shouldn t talk about, but unfortunately that s what it is,  the segment s host, Lilia Mouline, said in the tutorial.  We hope that these beauty tips help you carry on with your normal life. Use foundation with yellow in it,  she said.  If you use the white one, your red punch marks will always show. WP ",0
19541,JILL STEIN’S PA Vote Recount Effort Not Looking Good For Crooked Hillary,"We mentioned in an article yesterday that the real objective behind this recount effort is probably not to find voter fraud, but to strip Trump of the electoral votes in the traditionally blue, must-win states of PA, WI, and MI. If these state are in the process of a recount effort, Trump cannot use their electoral votes in the final tally. A Republican majority Congress would then have to vote to allow Trump to use the votes. The hope is likely that this action would throw Trump s presidency into question with voters, thus setting him up as an illegitimate President in the minds of American citizens. The good news is, the possiblity of a recount in the state of Pennsylvania with 20 electoral votes, is not looking too good for Hillary right now Jill Stein s Hillary Clinton s effort to recount presidential votes in three swing states already appears to be sputtering in Philadelphia.While Stein, a former presidential candidate, has raised millions of dollars and filed for a recount in Wisconsin, the process in Pennsylvania is much more complicated. Candidates cannot file for a recount themselves. Instead, they either have to go to court and attempt to prove widespread voter fraud (there s no evidence of that at this point) or organize a voter-initiated recount effort.Stein s team is going for the latter, asking for thousands of volunteers across Pennsylvania to mobilize. For a voting division   also known as a precinct   to be recounted, three voters from that division must sign and file an affidavit.As of noon Monday, the Philadelphia city Board of Elections had received petitions for 35 of the 1,686 voting divisions in Philadelphia, according to City Commissioner Al Schmidt. He s spoken with organizers who expect another 15 to be filed. That means that only about 50 of the 1,686 voting divisions in Philadelphia, or about 3 percent, would be recounted as a part of Stein s effort.Stein needed more than 5,000 people in Philadelphia alone to sign petitions to file for a recount and would have had to mobilize about 30,000 people statewide to get a full recount going in Pennsylvania. She contends that though her campaign is targeting recounts in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan, it is not coordinating with the campaign of Hillary Clinton, who lost all three of those states to President-elect Donald Trump. The Green Party candidate has so far raised nearly $7 million to spearhead the recount.Wanda Murren, a spokeswoman for the Pennsylvania Department of State, said in a statement Monday afternoon that the state is  working to gather information from the 67 counties regarding their progress in certifying election returns.  She said some counties have already certified their elections, therefore closing the five-day window to petition at the county level for a recount.The deadline for voters to file for a recount is the end of the day today.Meanwhile, officials in Allegheny County have said they will delay certifying their election results as activists are filing petitions seeking a recount.   BillyPenn",0
19542,"GERMANY’S Anti-Trump, Open Borders ANGELA MERKEL Sees Re-election Poll Numbers Drop…Orders 100,000 Migrants To Be Deported…By Force If Necessary","In what has to be considered an historic about face, German Chancellor Angela Merkel announced that 100,000 migrants who recently arrived in Germany would be deported.For more than a year following the massive tide of humanity that flooded into Germany from Africa and the Middle East, Merkel stoutly defended her open border policy as being consistent with western values. A million migrants later, and a huge voter backlash due to overburdened local governments and a sky rocketing crime rate, Merkel has changed her tune.On November 9, 2016, Germany s Angela Merkel offered Donald J. Trump a public admonishment following his historic win against pro-amensty Hillary Clinton: Sunday Express:Ordinarily, a politician who tried to pull this off would be toast. But Merkel finds herself in a strong position because the alternatives to her are even worse.Recent polls show her coalition of the CDU/CSU comfortably ahead by 11 points over the Social Democratic Party   the leading left wing party in Germany   by 33-22%. The next strongest party are the Greens who poll at 12% and then the nationalist party AfD at almost 9%. Put simply, the German voter has nowhere else to go now that Merkel has flip flopped on immigration.There is a chance that the left wing parties will poll enough votes to fashion a majority, but given that the Social Democrats are determined to continue with a liberal immigration policy, it isn t likely.Merkel will probably pull off her switcheroo on open borders and win re-election. But she has already accelerated the timetable for a takeover of her country by people with no interest in promoting German or western values and ideas.   American Thinker ",0
19543,BOYCOTT TRUMP APP LIST BACKFIRES…Shoppers Using This List To BUY And Support Trump Companies And Supporters,"Here s the link to the app: BOYCOTT TRUMP This app has been promoted by the Democratic Coalition Against Trump This app is a first step in our larger Boycott Trump campaign, which will feature a unified grassroots movement centered on holding companies and individuals that help Trump in any way accountable,  Executive Director of Democratic Coalition Against Trump Nate Lemer told The Huffington Post.  The campaign is all about empowerment  By doing so we aim to give people a safe and productive way to voice their disapproval of Trump. We ve accepted Trump won the election but that doesn t mean we have to accept everything he stands for. We downloaded the app so you don t have to. We re asking that you use this list to do your shopping In other words, please shop at these 250 businesses to support Donald Trump and those who support him:    ",0
19544,"AWESOME! AMERICAN FLAG COMES BACK AFTER 1,000 VETERANS SHOW UP To Protest Removal Of American Flag From Hampshire College [Video]","GREAT UPDATE! Three weeks after Hampshire College removed the American flag from campus, the Stars and Stripes was raised again on Friday morning at the liberal arts school in Amherst.The flag s return comes after a torrent of calls, e-mails, and protests from people angered by its removal eight days after it was set on fire in an apparent protest of the election of Donald Trump as president. I ve received many e-mails, a lot of them extremely unpleasant,  Hampshire College president Jonathan Lash said by telephone on Thursday night.  Our phone lines have been clogged with people calling to express their anger. People can disagree with us, but we ve also received very explicit threats. For us, we raise the flag as a symbol of our hopes for justice, fairness and freedom,  Lash said.  I hope this is not the end of the dialogue about these issues. The underlying issues are very important for the country. ",0
19545,DID HILLARY Just Lose Her “Get Out Of Jail Free” Card?…Senior Trump Advisor: “Trump Has Not Ruled Out Criminal Probe” Against Hillary,"A senior Donald Trump adviser is calling Hillary Clinton s decision to join a recount effort  incredible  and noting that the president-elect has not ruled out pursuing a criminal investigation into his former Democratic rival.Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway told CNN s  State of the Nation  that Trump has not ruled out a criminal probe into Clinton s use of a private email server as secretary of state, even though Trump recently indicated he d rather not do so.Conway said,  He s been incredibly gracious and magnanimous to Secretary Clinton at a time when, for whatever reason, her folks are saying they will join in a recount to try to somehow undo the 70-plus electoral votes that he beat her by. She added,  The idea that we are going to drag this out now where the president-elect has been incredibly magnanimous to the Clintons and to the Obamas is pretty incredible. Trump took to Twitter Sunday morning to condemn the Green-Party backed recount effort as  a scam.  Clinton s team joined the effort in Wisconsin after Green Party nominee Jill Stein filed paperwork formally requesting a recount.  AP",0
19546,"“THEY’RE NOT LOOKING FOR FRAUD”…Vote Recount Could Nullify MI, WI, PA Electoral Votes","Federal law says that presidential recounts must be completed within 35 days after an election. Stein waited until 90 minutes before the Wisconsin deadline for filing a recount petition expired.All the votes have to be certified by December 13 according to a report on Friday. The electors meet on December 19.Wisconsin will almost certainly miss that deadline, since the last recount took more than a month. And that recount was for a state Supreme Court contest where only 1.5 million votes were cast.If Wisconsin misses the December 19 deadline, the electoral votes may not be counted.Stein is going to ask for a hand recount, which will slow the process even further.If Wisconsin s electoral votes are excluded on December 19, the state will then have to try and get Congress to include the votes in the January 6 count.They're not looking for fraud. They're seeking to delay the counting of the votes so that Trump won't have 270 on December 13. https://t.co/paDfPkY3hb  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) November 27, 2016They can't steal 100,000+ votes. They don't even have to. All they need to do is stall the electoral vote count for two weeks. https://t.co/8q2kmw0aYI  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) November 27, 2016According to Inquisitr:The statewide recount in the presidential election would require a recount of nearly twice as many ballots   about 3 million   and the process would become even more cumbersome if Stein is successful in requiring a recount by hand, as she has said she prefers.So the situation is actually much worse than most people think.Stein may successfully strip Trump of the electoral votes of Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania. If so, it ll be up to Congress to decide whether they include the votes or not.  Gateway PunditYou're letting them distract you. IT ISN'T THE VOTES. The goal is to the nullify the electoral votes by making the states miss the deadline. https://t.co/KACEVja6eD  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) November 27, 2016",0
19547,10 REASONS A VOTE RECOUNT Is A Really Bad Idea For America,"Watch Jill Stein explain why she s working to force a recount in 3 states that used to be Democrat strongholds:https://youtu.be/AjXjJ7R8uyUAs Ms. Stein starts in her answers during the CNN interview in the video above,  Why would anyone not want to count the votes, and to be sure that they were counted accurately? What we know is that there were lots of hacks taking place around this election.   Much of the equipment used is not only open to hacks, it basically invites hacks and malfeasance, tampering, human error, etc.  Here are 10 reasons this is a horrible idea:1) The votes were counted with integrity. The real experts do not believe a recount is needed. As described by the Detroit Free Press, The report says the scientists believe they have identified a questionable trend of Clinton performing worse in Wisconsin counties that relied on electronic voting machines, compared to paper ballots and optical scanners. It wasn t clear from the reports why Michigan and Pennsylvania were reportedly cited by the scientists.Chris Thomas, the longtime director of Michigan s Bureau of Elections, said Michigan doesn t use the electronic voting machines identified in the report as being the sources of potential hacking. We are an entire paper and optical scan state,  Thomas told the Free PressWednesday.  Nothing is connected to the Internet. 2) There s zero proof of any actual hacking, malware or illegal tampering with any votes in any of these states. The examples given in the report are hypothetical possibilities that were discussed well before the election, with known equipment limitations before this election took place. In Stein s own words:  Let me be very clear: We do not have evidence of fraud,  Stein says.  We do not have smoking guns. What we do have is an election that was surrounded by hacking. 3) Are politics the real motivation? If this recount were truly about the election s integrity and improving public confidence in the process, why not include recounts in New Hampshire and Nevada   which were states that Clinton won with very narrow margins? In New Hampshire, Clinton won by 2,700 votes  which is the smallest margin of victory in any state. In Nevada, the Hillary Clinton margin of victory was 26,000 votes  far less than the Trump margin of victory in Pennsylvania.4) The threshold for a recount will likely not be reached in Pennsylvania. There would need to be evidence of widespread voter fraud for a court-ordered recount in PA. For example,  A candidate can t actually file for a vote recount under Pennsylvania law. Instead, they would have to challenge a county board regarding its vote computations, and a state appeals judge would have to rule that a statewide recount is necessary. That means the Clinton campaign (or in this case Ms. Stein s team) would either have to request a recount by petition in every voting district or present a prima facie case showing voter fraud. (Prima facie is a lower threshold than beyond a reasonable doubt. A judge would just have to rule that fraud probably occurred in order to call for a recount.) However, Jill Stein said she does not have evidence of fraud.Further, as the article explains,  What should be most troubling for Clinton supporters who want her to ask for a Pennsylvania recount is that in the past, these recounts have yielded a shift of just a couple hundred votes, certainly not enough to overturn anything in Pennsylvania. Clinton s team would have to rely on proving massive voter fraud enough for a Pennsylvania court to rule the entire state invalid   an unprecedented and nearly impossible feat.5) People are giving millions of dollars to a cause that is a waste of their money, based upon many flawed assumptions, and some hopes and dreams that are unrealistic. No doubt these people want Hillary Clinton to win, and they see this as a longshot possibility. However, they are being deceived and misled based on generalities about election hacking risks that were known for many months prior to the election.Just because emails were hacked from Hillary Clinton s server or other emails accounts were hacked that related to the election does not in any way prove that voting machines were hacked or counts were tampered with in any state. To give false hope to these people is similar to collecting money to promise a white Christmas to the children in Miami. Some are even calling this a scam, although I would not go that far. This website points out:Then there is the fine print that will allow Stein s campaign to keep all of the money even if no recounts are done:We cannot guarantee a recount will happen in any of these states we are targeting. We can only pledge we will demand recounts in those states. If we raise more than what s needed, the surplus will also go toward election integrity efforts and to promote voting system reform.6) These recounts set up a dangerous precedent for future elections and potentially for many other areas of life where anyone can question any numbers based upon the view  maybe there was a hack  somewhere, somehow.  Almost any data can be questioned using this type of superficial analysis. The thinking goes along the lines,  if we turn over enough rocks, we re bound to find something, right? Yes   one fear is that this actually gives all cybersecurity pros a bad name if/when  experts  make these type of claims with huge caveats which create numerous opportunities to deny responsibility. Is our new threshold a  potential for hacking?  If we use that litmus test in other areas of life, what can be excluded?Or, in J. Alex Halderman s own words,  Were this year s deviations from pre-election polls the results of a cyberattack? Probably not. I believe the most likely explanation is that the polls were systematically wrong, rather than that the election was hacked. My reaction: Really? In that case, why did you go public? If I were to use that logic in any of my many cybersecurity roles regarding security incidents in government, I would be fired or at least sent back to reexamine the specific details before going public. Might this just be a PR stunt for these people to get more attention?7) The states involved have extensive certification processes and procedures which were followed. As I said back on Nov. 5, before we knew the election outcomes and when Hillary Clinton was leading in most of the polls, we should trust the vote for many reasons. I still believe this  unless specific facts show otherwise. Anyone who clams fraud or other election problems needs to come forward with real evidence. Polls being wrong is not evidence of election fraud.8) A recount will NOT improve integrity or confidence in this election, as Jill Stein is claiming. Imagine if this process does move forward and a recount is begun in one more or states. Numerous global reporters will rush to the state(s) involved to watch the process unfold on live TV. While (hopefully) the coverage will not be quite as intense and exhausting as the Florida recount of 2000, the focus will dominate the news for weeks. We will hear assorted experts offer theories, opinions and select facts regarding what is going on and what they expect to happen next and if Hillary Clinton could actually become our next president and not Donald Trump. Rabbit trails will be followed.I suspect that this extensive scrutiny may actually lower, not raise, the level of confidence in these elections  with no change in the overall outcome of the winner.9) Government resources will be diverted. Time energy, money, will be taken away from other government projects. Assuming the actual cost of the effort is paid by the money raised by Stein, government staff will still be required to be pulled off of other meaningful projects and priorities to complete the recount process. Just the coordination and project management will be immense, and there will an untold number of related impacts.As this article explains, the cost for paper ballot recounts in each precinct in Michigan will be $125 for Stein. Do you really think this total process can be completely done for $125 per precinct, with all government costs included? I think that extra money and time spent will come from somewhere else in government.10) The country will not move on to the important process of uniting, moving forward and focusing on governing with our next president of the United States. This effort is a major distraction and brings on more uncertainty at a time that we don t need it as a nation. Many on the right claim this recount effort is just coming from sore losers who can t admit defeat. I m not so sure, but whether you agree with that analysis or not, there is no doubt that these recounts will extend the election uncertainty for longer and fuel more anger.Final ThoughtsThe U.S. Department of Homeland Security under the Obama administration was helping state election teams in at least 46 states, and they have not come out and even implied any hacking of voter machines occurred. Don t you think that they would have raised red flags by now if they expected wrongdoing?Meanwhile, Jill Stein has every legal right to request these recounts, but that does not make it a smart (or the right) thing to do. These recounts will not have the results she is claiming.Worse than that, naming the Russians or pointing to (unknown) hackers as the reason for the recounts will open up governments to a plethora of current and future problems. We are witnessing a sad close to the 2016 presidential election, which is being driven by hypothetical hacking scenarios based on the lie that if pollsters didn t get the results they expected, someone must have been hacked.Finally, there is no doubt that all states need improvements to the voting machines used and the processes followed to count the votes. These improvements should begin immediately for upcoming elections in 2017 and beyond. Audits as described by Wired magazine make sense moving forward.Nevertheless, cybersecurity pros must be extra careful how often they cry  hacked,  and never throw in a  maybe  or  perhaps  to cover their tracks and deny accountability later.For entire story: Government Technology",0
19548,"CNN HOST To Jill Stein: “Have You Seen Any Direct Evidence That Anyone Hacked The Voting Systems In MI, WI And PA?”…”Um…no” [VIDEO] ","https://youtu.be/E2KFe_htBSA And I think the forensic computer experts have raised serious questions. What we do know is that this was a hack-riddled election. We saw hacks into voter databases, into party databases, into individual email accounts. Ironically, while talking to the station who helped to provide fake polls showing Hillary crushing Trump in the general, Stein blamed her suspicions in part on the fake polls.  So it s extremely vulnerable,  she continued.  Americans deserve to have confidence in our vote. Berman followed up by asking if she has evidence that a hack took place. No,  she replied.  We do not have a smoking gun.    Daily CallerWell, let s just turn our democratic voting process upside down and spend millions on a recount with no basis other than Hillary lost and we re gonna do everything we can to steal this election back from Trump. ",0
19549,GOOGLE Apologizes After Changing Name Of Trump Tower And Trump Hotel On Google Maps,"Google Maps was alerted to a  mysterious  change in name on Trump Tower and the Trump Hotel by users and immediately changed the names back. Some small-minded vindictive person changed the name to Dump Tower:Was this the work of a hacker or an inside job by a rogue Google employee? Google didn t say in their statement: Some inappropriate names were surfacing in Google Maps that should not be, and we apologize for any offense this may have caused. Our teams immediately took action and have fixed the issue,  a statement released by Google Maps said.Could the left be any more petty and immature? What they don t realize is that when they do things like this it only turns people off to them. Keep it up!Read more: bpr",0
19550,BREAKING: DEMOCRATS Get Bad News…Why PA Recount Case Won’t Be So Easy To Pull Off,"Tick tock! Time is running out for Hillary Clinton and George Soros to steal the Presidency from Donald Trump. Too bad they didn t get this little snag worked out ahead of time. It looks like it may not be as easy as Jill Stein, (the Green Party candidate who appears to be doing Hillary s dirty work, after getting only got 1% of the vote) thought it would be to throw the election Oops! Jill Stein forgot to mention to her donors that she cannot file a direct request for a recount in Pennsylvania.Stein would have to present a case showing voter fraud took place.Trump won Pennsylvania by 70 thousand votes. Stein would have to prove that fraud was  probable.  That does not seem likely. Then again, we are talking about the Clintons here.  GPThe Inquisitr reported, via Free Republic:Per Pennsylvania regulations, there is only one way remaining for Jill Stein to get a recount in Pennsylvania and it is a complicated process. BillyPenn reports that Stein would have to file for a court appeal and present a  prima facie case  showing that voter fraud took place. While prima facie has a lower burden of proof threshold than  beyond reasonable doubt,  it is still significant. Stein would have to prove in court that fraud was  probable.  This is going to be very difficult given that even the computer specialists recommending the recount say there is no proof of hacking or fraud. ",0
19551,WOW! HILLARY PRETENDED To Be Relaxing…But She’s Been Scheming To Steal Presidency From Trump Since Morning After Election,"Democratic Party presidential nominee Hillary Clinton may have publicly conceded the presidency to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump the morning after the November 8 election but behind the scenes she was scheming with an army of operatives to find ways to steal the presidency from Trump.Hillary Supporter Bumps Into the Clintons Walking in the Woods https://t.co/DY8gVMs5jQ #westchesterCounty pic.twitter.com/OyU5cL79Bn  Westchester Roundup (@WestchesterRU) November 16, 2016I am thankful for Hillary sightings!! At a grocery store in Chappaqua   pic.twitter.com/FkrBWxROnN  All Things Hillary (@AllThingsHill) November 24, 2016Clinton campaign lawyer Marc E. Elias gave the scheme away in an article published Saturday morning at Medium announcing Clinton would join the recount effort in Wisconsin by Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein and that Clinton would join Stein should she also file for recounts in Michigan and Pennsylvania.Elias wrote that starting the day after the election the Clinton campaign worked to find ways to reverse Trump s election.Those efforts continue through the present, Elias wrote, and now include joining the recount efforts by Stein.Elias  statement about Clinton s behind the scenes scheming excerpted from Medium:https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/802327573690744832 Gateway Pundit",0
19552,“PARTISAN DEMOCRAT” Will Oversee WI Presidential Recount: Was Part Of Corrupt “John Doe” Case…A “Vicious and unhinged political crusade against conservatives” [VIDEO],"The Wisconsin Elections Commission announced Friday that it would hold a statewide recount of the presidential vote. The move was in response to petitions from two candidates, the Green Party s Jill Stein and independent Rocky Roque De La Fuente.Federal law requires that all recounts be finished 35 days after the election, which is Dec. 13. One or both of the candidates will be required to pay for the recount. We have assembled an internal team to direct the recount, we have been in close consultation with our county clerk partners, and have arranged for legal representation by the Wisconsin Department of Justice,  said Wisconsin Elections Commission Director Mike Haas in a statement.  NPRHillary Clinton s camp finally made a public announcement that they were jumping into the recount effort, after admonishing Trump for the mere suggestion that he may not accept the result of the election. After a period of public silence about the results of the 2016 election, Hillary Clinton s top campaign lawyer said the campaign will play a role in the Wisconsin recount initiated Friday by Green Party candidate Jill Stein. The Clinton campaign will follow the same approach in Michigan and Pennsylvania if the third-party hopeful pursues recounts in those states. Because we had not uncovered any actionable evidence of hacking or outside attempts to alter the voting technology, we had not planned to exercise this option ourselves, but now that a recount has been initiated in Wisconsin, we intend to participate in order to ensure the process proceeds in a manner that is fair to all sides,  Marc Elias, Clinton s general counsel, wrote Saturday on Medium.   PoliticoWisconsin Elections Commission Director Mike Haas played a role in the Wisconsin  John Doe  affair, one of the most disgusting, strong-arm events against conservatives by Democrat government officials in the history of the United States.The Wisconsin John Doe affair is one of the more shameful episodes in modern American political history, in which a hyper-partisan Democrat district attorney weaponized the Wisconsin legal system against innocent families as part of a vicious and unhinged political crusade against conservatives. An assembly line of rubber-stamped search warrants and subpoenas, early-morning raids, threats from police officers to keep quiet, wanton property seizure:  I no longer feel safe,  one victim said,  and I don t think I ever will. The victims received such treatment simply because they dared to hold political opinions offensive to Wisconsin Democrats.Watch here to see the horrifying truth about what happened with the attack on conservatives in the WI John Doe case that WI Elections Commissions Director Mike Haas was involved in:Injecting a measure of sanity into the whole sleazy affair, the Wisconsin Supreme Court last year ordered the investigation halted and the seized evidence destroyed. It is utterly clear, wrote Justice Gableman,  that the special prosecutor has employed theories of law that do not exist in order to investigate citizens who were wholly innocent of any wrongdoing.  Later they would amend the order slightly: instead of destroying the evidence, it was to be sealed and turned over to the court.The court order was entirely reasonable. After they shockingly abused the investigatory apparatus of the Wisconsin state government, the John Doe squad s evidence could reasonably be considered corrupted.It is clear that someone involved in the John Doe investigation, incensed that a court had slapped down his or her gross abuse of state power, decided to disobey a court order and attempt one final time to destroy Walker s political career. It will not work, of course Walker appears to have done nothing actionable but the leak is nonetheless troubling, chiefly because it underscores yet again the persistent lawlessness of much of American liberalism.This is not an aberration. Much of modern American liberalism s tactics rest upon a vicious set of double standards and abuses of government power. The IRS s targeting of political opponents; its maltreatment of conservative advocacy groups; the targeting of conservative politicians; the proposals to persecute climate-change skeptics; the tactical lawsuits to punish pro-life advocacy it is all of a piece, all meant to silence conservative voices and stymie conservative political efforts.  The FederalistPerhaps recent revelations of partisanship by staff at the  nonpartisan  state Government Accountability Board should come as no surprise.At least not if you know from where those staffers come.The Wall Street Journal and Wisconsin Watchdog have reported on former GAB staff counsel Shane Falk s partisan emails related to the political John Doe investigation into dozens of conservative groups and the campaign of Gov. Scott Walker. That investigation, it is becoming increasingly clear, was driven in large part by the accountability board, Wisconsin s finance, election, and ethics law regulator. Falk was a big player at the agency and in the political probe.Falk, who in 2008 urged the GAB to find ways to  get around the constitutional right to free speech, once served as the Democratic appointee on the state elections board, the GAB s predecessor.Haas, long before he began working for the GAB in 2008, was an aide for then-Assembly Speaker Thomas A. Loftus, D-Sun Prairie, in 1989. And Haas was at the center of campaign finance controversy that pre-dated the so-called  Caucus Scandal more than a decade later and the more recent unconstitutional John Doe probe the state Supreme Court has ordered shut down.In September 1989, Wisconsin GOP chairman Donald K. Stitt accused Loftus of  subsidizing  his campaign for governor with state funds.By adding one of his campaign staffers as a part-time office worker, Loftus  has got his campaign hirelings feeding at the trough,  Stitt said, as quoted in a brief in the Sept. 20, 1989, edition of the Milwaukee Sentinel.The staffer in question? Haas, a Sun Prairie native and the future arbiter of Wisconsin election law.A Loftus spokeswoman at the time denied the charge, insisting Haas would work part-time as a  legitimate  aide to Loftus and  be off the public payroll  when he works for Loftus  campaign.A similar allegation led to a six-month sentence on a felony conviction in 2012 for former Walker aide Kelly Rindfleisch at the hands of John Doe prosecutors, led by a Democratic Milwaukee County district attorney.Rindfleisch, who is soon to conclude her sentence, was charged with  misconduct in office  for doing contracted campaign work for a candidate for lieutenant governor. She, like many other former aides and allies of Walker, was targeted in an ever-expanding secret John Doe investigation. Haas was not.As conservative talk show host Charlie Sykes pointed out in a 2003 investigative piecefor the Wisconsin Policy Research Institute, Loftus led a Democratic Caucus staff that devoted their time to political campaigns.Such activities were treated as felonies when prosecutors  in another secret John Doe  went after lawmakers like Loftus  Republican successor, former Assembly Speaker Scott Jensen.As Sykes wrote, a 1986 memo  proudly recounted how legislative staffers had run campaigns, helped raise money, written political commercials, developed campaign literature, operated  spy  phone banks, provided writing and research, orchestrated campaign swings, helped with mailings, and traveled to local districts to make campaign phone calls and go door-to door for candidates. The memo also makes clear that members of individual legislators  staffs played integral roles in the re-election campaigns of the incumbents,  Sykes wrote. One of our best assets in the incumbent campaigns was each legislator s staff,  the memo boasted.Haas  political work for Loftus, however, was missing from the GAB s press release in December 2012 when he was named elections division administrator.GAB director Kevin Kennedy simply noted that Haas joined the agency in 2008 as one of two staff attorneys who advised the board on legal matters. In the release, Kennedy praised Haas  legal advice and management skills in the agency s  successful processing of nearly 2 million recall petition signatures  in the bitter recall campaigns of 2012.Haas told the publication that working on Democratic campaigns for governor, president and Congress and then running for the Assembly seat  exorcised partisanship and any future run for office  out of my system. I turned out to be a better nonpartisan administrator than a politician,  Haas told the publication.Kennedy, at the time, said he knew of Haas  partisan past, but added that  everybody has a past. As elections administrator, Haas did not have the kind of involvement in the John Doe probe that others have. But the partisan backgrounds of GAB administrators and key staff members raise questions about their ability to remain nonpartisan amid revelations of partisan conduct.Late last month the Wall Street Journal s editorial board reported that GAB staff, including Kennedy, worked with John Doe special prosecutor Francis Schmitz and the Milwaukee County District Attorney s Office (run by a partisan Democrat) to  subpoena and intimidate the major conservative players in Wisconsin. Wisconsin Watchdog ",0
19553,LEFTISTS CALL FOR Ivanka Trump Brand Boycott…This Huge Retailer Is Sticking With Her,"Unhinged leftists are calling for a boycott of Ivanka Trump s fashion line but Nordstrom is sticking with her. Now customers are calling for a boycott of Nordstrom because they refused to ditch Ivanka Trump s brand.PLEASE LET NORDSTROM KNOW HOW MUCH YOU APPRECIATE THEM NOT CAVING IN TO THE LEFT: NORDSTROM FEEDBACK Nordstrom s social media pages have been flooded with shoppers threatening to boycott the retailer if it does not stop selling the president-elect s daughter s shoe, clothing, and handbag lines.The comment below shows how misinformed the gay community is and how much the press has pushed their false narrative that Trump is anti-gay: When I worked for this company, you were not afraid to take a stand on supporting the rights of the LBGT community. It made me proud to be called one of your team,  one comment on Nordstrom s Facebook page reads.  I went home and bragged about it to all my family. Now I will no longer shop at your stores. By continuing to sell Ivanka Trump s brand you are making a stand. You are saying YES to sexism, racism and bigotry.   I will no longer be a customer with your company because you do business with the Trump family. A family that supports toxic, sexist, homophobic, racist rhetoric,  another post reads.  I thought your company had better standards, it is sad to see I was wrong.  The so-called Grab Your Wallet movement has called for a boycott of Donald Trump s business empire and other companies that sell Trump products. In the days following Trump s presidential election, supporters of the movement circulated a spreadsheet listing companies that sell Trump products, including Amazon, Bloomingdales, and Macy s.Calls to boycott Nordstrom have grown loud enough that Nordstrom s co-president, Pete Nordstrom, sent an email to the company Tuesday night clarifying that the retailer planned to continue to sell Ivanka Trump s fashion lines, Fortune reported. We strive to be agnostic about politics and to treat all our customers with respect,  Nordstrom wrote in the email.  Every single brand we offer is evaluated on their results   if people don t buy it, we won t sell it. Nordstrom, the company, declined to comment beyond saying that its president s email  really speaks for itself. Read more: Business Insider ",0
19554,WHOA! IS GEORGE SOROS Secretly Funding Jill Stein’s [Hillary’s] Recount Effort To Steal The Presidency From Trump?,"A post on Reddit citing an investigative journalist reads as follows:  RED ALERT! JIM STONE DISCOVERS SOROS BOT FUNDING JILL STEIN S RECOUNT CAMPAIGN AT RATE OF $160,000/HOUR!!!! DO NOT FALL ASLEEP AT THE WHEEL, BIG TIME F*CKERY IS AFOOT!!! According to the post a donations to Jill Stein s election recount campaign are being made at a steady rate of $160,000 on the hour every hour of the day.The constant rate of donation, 24 hours a day, suggest that a computer program is being used to post the donations as opposed to real people making grassroots donation.However, the donations are being reported as grassroots donations from a myriad of online supporters to help her verify the integrity of the election.However, if real individuals are in fact making the actual donations they rate of the donations should drop over night when internet traffic is low.The rate should then steadily pick up during the course of the day up and then culminate during the  internet rush hour  when usage peaks, which is usually between 7 and 11 PM.For example the BBC,  the UK s equivalent of CNN, reports hourly average internet usage usage is as follows:If Jill Stein s recount campaign was real and donations are in fact coming in from real grass roots supporters then donations to the campaign should reflect this curve in some manner.However, they do not follow the curve of typical internet..Instead they are coming in at a constant hourly rate of $160,000 per hour every hour on the hour.To illustrate, HNN has compile this graph of Stein s donations per hour superimposed on the BBC s graph of internet usage per hour by device.The graph illustrates Jill Stein s recount donations in orange with a red outline which plots recount donations coming in at a constant rate of 4.16% per hour.It is impossible for Jill Stein s recount campaign to be receiving the same amount of donations from real online users every hour on the hour when real internet usage among devices varies widely hour to hour, specifically it peaks in the evening and becomes virtually non-existent between 1 am and 6 am in the morning.This clearly indicates the donations to the recount campaign are not from  grassroots internet users  but instead are the result of a computer programmed bot which is working behind the scenes to fund the campaign.It is almost as perplexing that Jill Stein s managed to raise in less than 24 hours more money than she has raised throughout her entire campaign but that is another story. Namely, Hillary Clinton is having Jill dirty her hands to demand a recount so Hillary is not implicated in not accepting the results of the election.It is still uncertain there is even a prima facie case for Stein to even demand a recount given she failed to capture more than 2% of the vote in any state. If Republicans stand their ground on this argument, Hillary will have to step out from behind her proxy and get her own hands hands dirty to force a recount to happen.Via Reddit:",0
19555,GREEN PARTY DOLT Struggles To Explain Wisconsin Election Recount [Video],"IAN JACKSON: People have been slightly concerned about the trail and as your last guest pointed out it s very decentralized.ED HENRYY: Uh-huh. When you say  slightly concerned,  that doesn t sound to me like there s widespread allegations or more importantly evidence of some sort of fraud. So is this giving Jill Stein supporters some sort of false hope?JACKSON: Well, I [pause] there s we re [pause] trying to find what the count is and [pause] I m not sure it s false hope. It s trying to find the truth behind the numbers. There has been these allegations by computer scientists but as your last guest pointed out, it was using different systems and using that, being engineers, um, I m a software engineer and we like our little [pause] models, but unless you actually count and check it, you don t know whether it s just a thoughy well, they used something different or if there s something to it.And you mentioned your show is all about finding truth.HENRY: Let s find that truth. My next question is, our last guest, who you cited several times, Craig Gilbert, also said, accurately, that in 2000 and 2004 the margin was even closer in the presidential race and there was no recount. So what s your case tonight?JACKSON: [pause] Well, the case [pause] tonight, you can see that there that was [pause] a real contentious election [pause], and, based on that there are people that have expressed concerns. So, it s best to find the truth and go through the process. And obviously people have been willing to put up millions of dollars [pause] to find out and count the ballots again.HENRY: Okay, so final question: if you really want to get at the truth can we get at another truth which is that it appears that Jill Stein has raised about $5 million for a recount that may or may not happen for fraud that may or may not have happened. If there s nothing found here and if there s not even a recount will you pledge tonight that you and others in the Green Party believe that that money should be refunded, so this is not just money being raised on false hope?JACKSON: Well, we re exploring that I m only treasurer for the Green-Rainbow party. We re certainly going   if it doesn t get used, we re certainly going to discuss with our donors what their desire is for that money. ",0
19556,WHY IS JILL STEIN Demanding A Recount? Is Hillary Camp Using Her In Desperate Effort To Stop Trump?…”Is Hillary Clinton Willing To Risk A Civil War In America?” [VIDEO],"Why a recount only in states that Trump won?Why a recount in Michigan, which is all paper ballot?@DrJillStein?https://t.co/hXRRg75qPW pic.twitter.com/xEpxFraDoi  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 25, 2016 This election, we are not only deciding what kind of world we will have, but whether we will have a world or not going forward,  Stein warned, explaining that Clinton s trigger-happy militarism  is a mushroom cloud waiting to happen. Stein blasted Clinton s  warmongering  that  almost singlehandedly  brought us the turmoil in Libya and could lead us into a nuclear war if Clinton were elected president. Hillary brought us Libya almost singlehandedly,  Stein explained in a Thursday Fox Business interview. She continued:And she has said that she will lead the charge with a no-fly zone in Syria, and that basically amounts to a declaration of war against Russia, who is there under international law, having been invited by the sitting government. Like it or not, Russia has the sanction of international law to be there. For us to go in and declare a no-fly zone means get ready for war with Russia. Both of us have 2,000 nuclear weapons on hair trigger alert. This is the most dangerous moment  according to the former president of the Soviet Union, Mikhail Gorbachev, who, two weeks ago, said this is the most dangerous nuclear moment ever.Stein elaborated on this view during a Facebook Live interview with progressive Marc Lamont Hill, who has endorsed Stein over Clinton:  In this election, we are not only deciding what kind of world we will have, but whether we will have a world or not going forward,  Stein said, adding:Not only in regards to climate, not only in regards to these expanding wars where Hillary has this proven track record   of the most pro-conflict military policy as possible, and she s calling for a no-fly zone in Syria, which means we re essentially declaring war on Russia if Hillary gets elected declaring war on Russia at a time when we have 2,000 nuclear weapons between us and the Russians on hair trigger alert. This is a mushroom cloud waiting to happen. So it s really important right now for us to stand up and start building a force to do the right thing.Paul Joseph Watson asks another great question for Americans. Why not count the states Hillary won by a small margin?:Why is there no recount in states that Hillary won with smaller margins than Trump won PA? #AuditTheVote pic.twitter.com/qYLw7pK3dv  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 25, 2016",0
19557,CNN’S WOLF BLITZER Gets A Tongue Lashing From RNC’s Spicer: “You’ve Asked Me Eight Times The Same Question!”,"CNN is Disgusting!You ve Asked Me Eight Times!Sean Spicer Blows Up When Wolf Blitzer (Wolfie the blinker) Pushes on Neo-Nazis #CrookedMedia pic.twitter.com/Gf57Wv6WyI  TRUMP ANOMALY (@ANOMALY1) November 23, 2016",0
19558,"SHERIFF CLARKE On Obama’s Final Days: “Obama’s Like A Tenant Who’s Been Evicted From A Property, And He’s Gonna Trash The Place On The Way Out The Door” [VIDEO]", ,0
19559,TRIGGERED? POLICE OFFICER Kicked Out Of Event For Wearing Uniform,"The city s first transgender police officer was kept out of an event at the San Diego LGBT Community Center because she was wearing her uniform.The Transgender Day of Awareness, an annual event to honor those who lost their lives to anti-transgender violence, was held Nov. 17 in the Hillcrest neighborhood. Officer Christine Garcia, who transitioned last year, helped plan the event and was part of the Police Department security detail that watched over a commemorative march down University Avenue. After the march, when Garcia tried to enter the event as a member of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer community, she was asked to leave because her uniform could upset others in attendance. When leaders at the center learned what had happened, they apologized to Garcia and San Diego Police Chief Shelley Zimmerman.  We do not wish to ever make any community member feel unwelcome   these officers are valued members of our community,  Delores Jacobs, chief executive officer of the LGBT center, said in a statement. Jacobs said the occurrence was a misunderstanding of the center s existing policy of inclusion, which seeks to acknowledge the concerns that members of the community may have without excluding others. Leaders have reviewed the policy with its staff since the event.  While we need to support those that are uncomfortable and honor their reactions to valid and understandable difficult previous experiences, we also need to explain that  our LGBTQ San Diego police liaisons are a valued part of our community,  Jacobs wrote. Longtime LGBTQ activist, City Commissioner Nicole Murray-Ramirez, said the incident was an outrage.  Any officer, be they gay or straight, should be welcomed into our community center in uniform,  he said.  They protect our community and neighborhoods and make San Diego a better place.Read more: San Diego Tribune",0
19560,EMAIL REVEALS UNIV Of Pittsburgh Telling Professors To Give Students “Extra Credit” For Protesting Trump [VIDEO],"Just imagine how many brilliant young American minds could benefit from their education if their teachers and professors put as much effort into actually teaching their students as they do indoctrinating them with their liberal web of mistruths and distortions An email encouraging extra credit for student participation at a liberal protest has prompted a conservative backlash at the University of Pittsburgh and an explanation from school officials.The email, sent out by a Student Services Specialist with the university s School of Social Work, was first made public by the university s Pitt Maverick newspaper on Thursday.Watch:The University of Pittsburgh is giving extra credit to students who attend an anti-trump protest! pic.twitter.com/Cyz2ZPn5Sa  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) November 23, 2016In the email, the administrator urges students and faculty to sign up for  A People s Agenda for Change: National Day of Action  rally slated for downtown Pittsburgh on Nov. 29. The email incorrectly contained the suggestion that  extra credit  be offered for attendance,  Miksch wrote.  The school does not allow this practice. That language was to have been removed from the communication before it was sent, but was not. The controversy comes at a politically sensitive time for the University of Pittsburgh and academic institutions across the nation. This as protests, arrests and even accusations of hate crimes continue to roil campuses on the heels of president-elect Donald Trump s victory.On Thursday, 2 were arrested when a Pitt protest aimed at Trump and other social issues saw clashes between the demonstrators and police.   PennLive ",0
19561,WOW! Leftist Bully ROSIE O’DONNELL PUSHES Horrible Rumor On Social Media…Suggests Barron Trump Has Mental Disorder [VIDEO],https://twitter.com/Rosie/status/800939338615824384,0
19562,"BREAKING: TRUMP CHOOSES Pro-School Voucher, Kasich Supporter, Billionaire Clinton Foundation Donor For Education Secretary","But parent activists are suggesting Trump is getting the wrong advice from his transition team.Writing at Townhall, Indiana activist and researcher Erin Tuttle and American Principles Project education fellow Jane Robbins assert Trump s transition team  may be ignoring the concerns of the most populist movement American politics has seen since Reagan: the parents and teachers fighting Common Core. Citing many of the reported potential candidates  associations with ardent Common Core supporter Jeb Bush, Tuttle and Robbins note:West Michigan Politics reported that, like Donald Trump himself, the DeVos family has donated to the Clinton Foundation:Bloomberg also reported in July of 2015 that former President Bill Clinton  often earned higher speech fees, especially abroad. Amway paid him $700,000 for a February 2013 speech in Japan. A report at the Detroit News in July states that DeVos, a former Michigan Republican Party chair, was an at-large delegate for pro-Common Core Ohio Gov. John Kasich. Kasich received a grade of  F  at The Pulse 2016 for his support of the controversial standards. The former presidential candidate referred to parent activists in his state fighting against the Core as a  runaway internet campaign. Let s just say that I will be a more than interested bystander at the convention,  DeVos said.Karen Braun who heads up Stop Common Core in Michigan wrote:  DeVos  involvement with GLEP which supports Common Core and with the Foundation for Excellence in Education should make any denunciation of Common Core from DeVos  lips suspect,  Vander Hart concludes.Braun also tells Breitbart News because DeVos refused to support Trump at the Republican National Convention, she is skeptical of whether she would commit to Trump s stated goal of removing the federal government from education. Disloyalty should not be rewarded with a cabinet post,  Braun asserts.  Her lobby group, GLEP, supports common core and P-20 competency based education or so called  school choice. I hope President-Elect Trump and the rest of the transition team think long and hard about this appointment. Many of you are asking about Common Core. To clarify, I am not a supporter period. Read my full stance, here: https://t.co/qB2nAXvX0B  Betsy DeVos (@BetsyDeVos) November 23, 2016Frank Cannon, president of American Principles Project, also released the following statement:For entire story: Breitbart News ",0
19563,KEY TRUMP ADVISOR: ELTON JOHN Will Perform At Inauguration For “First American president in US history that enters the White House with a pro-gay rights stance”,"Elton John will perform at Donald Trump s inauguration, claimed a key adviser, who championed the billionaire as the first president ever to enter the White House with a  pro-gay rights  stance. Elton John is going to be doing our concert on the mall for inauguration,  Anthony Scaramucci, a member of the presidential transition team executive committee as well as a vice chair of the presidential inaugural committee, told BBC s  HARDtalk. Having the  Rocket Man  singer perform, he continued,  shows our commitment to gay rights. John, 69, came out as gay in 1988. The glam pop icon married Canadian filmmaker David Furnish in 2014, when gay marriage became legal in England..@realDonaldTrump transition team member Anthony @Scaramucci says his boss supports gay rights and Elton John will play the Inauguration pic.twitter.com/mEyPZ5ZVZj  BBC HARDtalk (@BBCHARDtalk) November 22, 2016 This will be the first American president in US history that enters the White House with a pro-gay rights stance,  Scaramucci claimed.John s hope of eroding stigmas has led him into some unlikely alliances. After he agreed to perform at Limbaugh s wedding in 2010, the two men bonded over music and formed a friendship, despite Limbaugh s conservative views. He sends me the loveliest e-mails,  said John.  What I get from Rush privately and what I get from Rush publicly are two different things. I m just trying to break him down. Politico",0
19564,TALENTLESS Gigi Hadid Makes Ridiculous “Apology” For Mocking Immigrant Melania’s Accent: “I believe Melania understands show business”," Here s Gigi Hadid s ridiculous apology to Melania, where she basically says she s been mocked before too and Melania should understand and deal with it. Apparently no one ever taught Hadid how to offer an actual heartfelt apology:pic.twitter.com/6NuxjKx68o  Gigi Hadid (@GiGiHadid) November 22, 2016",0
19565,"BREAKING: HILLARY CAMP Looking To Challenge Vote…Suspects “Irregularities” In WI, MI And PA","Reports from several sources revealed on November 22 that Clinton campaign chief John Podesta was taking meetings with a group claiming it had discovered  irregularities  in several counties of some of the states that Trump won.Apparently a  group of prominent computer scientists and election lawyers  met with Podesta to express their belief that they  found persuasive evidence that results in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania may have been manipulated or hacked,  according to New York magazine.In order to overturn the election, these challenges would have to succeed in multiple counties and multiple states all at the same time to swing the Electoral College to Clinton, so it certainly seems like a desperate long shot.It is such a long shot that even the left s favorite numbers guru, Nate Silver, essentially dismissed the effort.To follow: some *very* quick analysis which suggests the claim here of rigged results in Wisconsin is probably BS: https://t.co/SYlE76bnmQ  Nate Silver (@NateSilver538) November 23, 2016",0
19566,STUDENTS BRAVELY DEFY Catholic College VP’s Warning To Reconsider “Offensive…Divisive…Harmful” AMERICA-THEMED Party,"Student government leaders at Loyola University Maryland faced a barrage of pressure from the university administration to change the theme of a senior class party described as  very alienating, divisive and harmful  and against the university s  core values,  according to emails provided to The Daily Caller. The theme? America.The theme for Loyola s annual  Senior 200s  party   one of four celebrations exclusive to seniors held throughout the year   was based upon a survey of Loyola seniors taken last summer. The party was held on Nov. 18 and went off without a hitch, according to students who attended, despite warnings that the administration might have to get involved if students were offended.Emails sent to student government representatives were provided to TheDC on condition of anonymity. Multiple student government representatives confirmed the emails  authenticity on condition of anonymity for fear of retaliation from the administration.Right before the presidential election, some student government members wondered if they should nix the America theme if Donald Trump won, according to internal SGA group chats shared with TheDC on condition of anonymity for the same reason.One representative claimed that  if Trump wins it will be bad,  while another argued it would be wrong to change the party theme simply because of disagreement with the president-elect s policies. The party was still on.The day after Trump s victory, a handful of students messaged SGA representatives to argue that   because of Trump s victory   an America-themed party was now inappropriate. One female student claimed she was  a victim of horrible hate words  and worried that similar mean things might be said at the party if the theme wasn t changed.When the possibility of unpleasant feelings wasn t enough to cancel a class-wide event, the administration got involved.The university s executive vice president, Susan Donovan sent an email to two SGA members claiming she  talked with a number of students and heard from faculty members  about the party.  None of it is positive and it sounds very alienating, divisive and harmful. Sheilah Horton, the university s dean of students also tried to pressure students to change the party theme, in a lengthy email that portrayed the students as insensitive for not canceling the America theme.Horton worried that the theme  provides an opportunity for students to dress or behave in a way that offends or oppresses others. Horton also said the administration would have to  deal with  any fallout from the party, which she worried would make students feel  unsafe.  She also worried that the America-themed party might keep potential students from attending Loyola and implied the event could be the  defining  incident of the senior class. Even one negative event, especially with social media can cause the campus community to feel unsafe; it can be shared with potential students which can have an effect on admissions and indeed can be the defining incident for the class of 2017,  she said. So, you have made a decision that in effect, has the potential to cause negative consequences for the university and even to the students whose behavior crosses the line,  she continued. Horton did not respond to TheDC s request for comment by press time. I was amazed and shocked at not only the reaction and lack of confidence of the administration in our class and SGA itself, but how they handled everything including some of the rude things said about our organization. It is quite disgusting how people feel and see the word  America  as something that is discriminatory,  said one student government representative, who wished to remain anonymous out of fear of retaliation from the administration. We should see the theme  America  as a way to forget political divide and come together as a country and class and celebrate all that we have accomplished. That is what ended up happening, yet we didn t have the support of people in our class and the administration itself.   Daily Caller ",0
19567,OOPS! CRYBABY HAMILTON STARS Who Lectured Pence Haven’t Voted In Years [VIDEO],"There are no records available for this year, so it s unclear if the cast members voted in 2016, but years prior show many were absent on Election Day.The Broadway smash hit players caused a controversy after Brandon Dixon, who plays Aaron Burr, read the message to Pence, who arrived on Friday to taken in the show with his family.Here is Dixon s disrespectful rant at Vice-President elect Mike Pence:Audience members booed Pence as he entered the theater and after the cast s curtain call, the statement was read.Dixon s message was written by show creator Lin-Manuel Miranda, director, Thomas Kail and lead producer, Jeffrey Seller, according to the New York Times. We, sir, we are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us, our planet, our children, our parents, or defend us and uphold our inalienable rights. We truly hope that this show has inspired you to uphold our American values and to work on behalf of all of us,  Dixon said, reading the message aloud.But cast members were able to give input. RadarOnline investigated whether or not the actors had voted and revealed many leads hadn t in years.Dixon s records show he didn t vote during president Obama s reelection bid in 2012.Javier Munoz, playing the titular role of Hamilton, registered to vote in 2006 and voted in the mid-term elections, but hasn t been on record as voting since.Seth Stewart, who plays Thomas Jefferson, voted in 2008 when Obama ran for the first time. He did not vote in 2012.Okieriete  Oak  Onaodowan, who players James Madison and Hercules Mulligan, registered to vote in 2005 but hasn t been on record voting since.Since the clash with the Hamilton cast, Pence told Fox News he wasn t offended by the message and said the booing  is what freedom sounds like . Daily Mail ",0
19568,"COMEDIAN TIM ALLEN On Hollywood Hypocrites: They Didn’t Like Trump Because He Was A Bully…But If You Support Trump, You Get Bullied [VIDEO]",https://youtu.be/0J4xPRYbsLU,0
19569,MA COLLEGE REMOVES And BURNS American Flag To Protest Trump’s Election [VIDEO],"These disrespectful crybabies are in for a rude awakening when they graduate from college and have to face a real and sometimes very harsh world. If the American flag offends them, perhaps they should try pledging their allegiance to the Cuban flag or the N. Korean flag, I m pretty sure both countries would be more than happy to accept them as citizens   The day after the election, some people at Hampshire College reacted to news of Donald Trump s victory by calling for removal of the American flag at the center of campus, saying it was a symbol of racism and hatred. That night, some lowered it. And the following night   sometime before dawn on Veterans Day   people burned it.The flag was quickly replaced, but the college board announced it would be flown at half-staff,  both to acknowledge the grief and pain experienced by so many and to enable the full complexity of voices and experiences to be heard. That didn t work, Jonathan Lash, the president of the small liberal-arts college in western Massachusetts said Monday.Lowering the flag to half-staff offended many, and the backlash was immediate, especially from veterans and military families who saw it as disrespectful of the tradition of national mourning.On Friday, Lash told the campus community that its efforts to convey respect and sorrow had had the opposite effect, and announced that the college would remove the flag entirely.He said there is a tremendous range of views on campus,  people for whom the flag is a very powerful symbol of fear they ve felt all their lives because they grew up as people of color, never feeling safe   and people for whom it s a symbol of their highest aspiration for the country.At Brown University, some students tore up and stomped on flags from an event honoring veterans last week, while others hurried to replace and protect the flags.At American University the day after the election, students upset about Trump s victory burned flags and shouted  F  white America! In an email to the campus community Friday, Lash wrote that college leaders hoped that removing the flag  will enable us to instead focus our efforts on addressing racist, misogynistic, Islamophobic, anti-immigrant, anti-Semitic, and anti-LGBTQ rhetoric and behaviors. He also wrote,  Some have perceived the action of lowering the flag as a commentary on the results of the presidential election   this, unequivocally, was not our intent. The decision was met with anger, outrage and derision from many on social media.Lash said in an interview that he is hopeful the college community will find a way to listen to one another s concerns in the next month or two while the flag is down, but acknowledged that may be difficult.  I don t think the country did it very well,  he said.  I m hoping we can as a campus. Lowell Sun ",0
19570,DONALD TRUMP Calls Meeting With Press…Dresses Down Real Fake News Networks: “Everyone at CNN is a liar and you should be ashamed”,"They had to know they had it coming Donald Trump scolded media big shots during an off-the-record Trump Tower sitdown on Monday, sources told The Post. It was like a f ing firing squad,  one source said of the encounter. Trump started with [CNN chief] Jeff Zucker and said  I hate your network, everyone at CNN is a liar and you should be ashamed,    the source said. The meeting was a total disaster. The TV execs and anchors went in there thinking they would be discussing the access they would get to the Trump administration, but instead they got a Trump-style dressing down,  the source added.A second source confirmed the fireworks. The meeting took place in a big board room and there were about 30 or 40 people, including the big news anchors from all the networks,  the other source said. Trump kept saying,  We re in a room of liars, the deceitful dishonest media who got it all wrong.  He addressed everyone in the room calling the media dishonest, deceitful liars. He called out Jeff Zucker by name and said everyone at CNN was a liar, and CNN was [a] network of liars,  the source said. Trump didn t say [NBC reporter] Katy Tur by name, but talked about an NBC female correspondent who got it wrong, then he referred to a horrible network correspondent who cried when Hillary lost who hosted a debate   which was Martha Raddatz who was also in the room. The stunned reporters tried to get a word in edgewise to discuss access to a Trump Administration. [CBS Good Morning co-host Gayle] King did not stand up, but asked some question,  How do you propose we the media work with you?  Chuck Todd asked some pretty pointed questions. David Muir asked  How are you going to cope living in DC while your family is in NYC? It was a horrible meeting. Here s a sampling of Trump hitting back at the dishonest media while he was on the campaign trail. Trump did something no other presidential candidate has ever done before, he won the election in a landslide, in spite of the entire fake news empire working together to take him down:Trump spokeswoman Kellyanne Conway told reporters the gathering went well. Excellent meetings with the top executives of the major networks,  she said during a gaggle in the lobby of Trump Tower.  Pretty unprecedented meeting we put together in two days. The meeting was off the record, meaning the participants agreed not to talk about the substance of the conversations.The hour-long session included top execs from network and cable news channels. Among the attendees were NBC s Deborah Turness, Lester Holt and Chuck Todd, ABC s James Goldston, George Stephanopoulos, David Muir and Martha Raddatz,Also, CBS  Norah O Donnell John Dickerson, Charlie Rose, Christopher Isham and King, Fox News  Bill Shine, Jack Abernethy, Jay Wallace, Suzanne Scott, MSNBC s Phil Griffin and CNN s Jeff Zucker and Erin Burnett. -Via: NYP ",0
19571,DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE Fines Sheriff For Excluding Illegals When Hiring,"From Wikipedia:The Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965: The Hart Celler Act abolished the quota system based on national origins that had been American immigration policy since the 1920s. The new law maintained the per-country limits, but it also created preference visa categories that focused on immigrants  skills and family relationships with citizens or U.S. residents. The bill set numerical restrictions on visas at 170,000 per year, with a per-country-of-origin quota. However, immediate relatives of U.S. citizens and  special immigrants  had no restrictions.The Denver Sheriff Department will accept a penalty from the Department of Justice after a federal probe found it wrongly made U.S. citizenship a job requirement during a recent hiring spree.The sheriff s department   the biggest sheriff s office in Colorado   will pay a $10,000 fine after it required applications for deputy sheriff jobs to be U.S. citizens when hiring from the beginning of 2015 through March 2016. The department went on a hiring spree of 200 deputies as part of its ongoing reform.The department will also have to go through old applications to find applicants who were eliminated because of their citizenship status and reconsider them for future jobs.The Justice Department made the announcement on Monday, saying the sheriff s department violated the Immigration and Nationality Act without having an exemption.Read more: WE",0
19572,DEAR DEMOCRATS AND LIBERALS…Stop Complaining About The Election…You’re The Ones Who Created “Us”,Ouch!,0
19573,TRUMP POISED TO REVERSE OBAMA’S Politicized “Global Warming” Policies…Plans To Bring Energy Jobs Back To Americans,"The President who shoved his radical agenda down the throats of Americans is about to watch his legacy unwind in favor of jobs and a stronger economy  President Obama s eight-year effort to rein in the energy and mining industries with environmental regulations will likely come to a halt under President-elect Donald Trump, who is poised to green-light key job-creating projects from the Atlantic Coast to Alaska.With the election of Donald Trump   and a transition team that includes GOP energy lobbyist Mike McKenna and outspoken climate change skeptic Myron Ebell   both sides now see their fortunes reversing amid Trump s promise to rescind Obama s signature Clean Power Plan and jump-start oil, and natural gas projects. I think 80 percent of President Obama s policies will be reversed very soon after Trump moves into the White House,  Robert McNally, the president of the Rapidan Group, the energy consulting firm, and former official in the George W. Bush administration, told FoxNews.com.  The Trump administration will reverse the global warming principles enacted under Obama and he will stop the politicization of infrastructure. This will definitely spur on the growth of the oil and gas industries. Here are three projects that could be revived soon after Trump takes office in January:Keystone XL PipelineOne of the biggest environmental flashpoints of Obama s presidency, the pipeline s final phase   which would create a shorter route for American and Canadian crude oil coming from Alberta to Nebraska   was rejected by Obama for not serving  the national interests of the United States. Keystone XL faced stiff opposition from environmental groups and a minority of U.S. lawmakers amid concerns of oil spills in highly sensitive ecological terrain and worries from the Environmental Protection Agency about large increases in greenhouse gas emissions from Alberta s carbon intensive oil sands.Throughout his campaign Trump vowed to  immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline    adding he believed it would have no environmental impact and would create hundreds of jobs   and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky is already pressing the president-elect to make it a priority in his first 100 days.If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline. No impact on environment & lots of jobs for U.S.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 18, 2015Reviving CoalCoal production has been on the wane for a number of years as Americans move toward cheaper, cleaner alternatives like natural gas and the industry struggles to cope with tighter environmental regulations imposed by the Obama administration.Saving the coal industry is part of Trump s 100-day action plan and, although he has not given any specifics so far, his campaign trail promises included rescinding the EPA s Clean Power Plan and the Mercury and Air Toxics Rule.Trump s campaign promises of reviving the coal industry helped him win over voters in places like Wyoming, West Virginia and other states hard hit by declining production of the energy source. Now as he readies to enter the White House, many of the voters are looking to see when   and, maybe more importantly, how   the incoming president will fulfill that promise.Trump has not weighed in on the issue, but Sarah Palin   Alaska s former governor who is rumored to be on Trump s short list for Interior Secretary   helped ease the path for what would be one of the world s largest open pit mines by appointing mining industry officials to lead her Department of Natural Resources and embracing resource extraction.Offshore Drilling in the AtlanticThe Obama administration recently moved to restrict drilling in waters off the Eastern Seaboard from 2017 to 2022, but environmentalists, fishermen and those in the East Coast s tourism industry want to make that restriction permanent before Trump comes into office.Despite his vocal stance on U.S. energy independence and support of increased oil and gas development, Trump s stance toward offshore drilling in the Atlantic has been vague   saying only that he backs it when  done responsibly    but if he green-lights drilling in the Atlantic it would make him many friends in U.S. oil and gas companies and could open the possibility to expand drilling other U.S. waters.Obama, however, could prevent this by invoking an obscure section of the 1953 Outer Continental Shelf Act that would make it difficult, maybe impossible, for future presidents to reverse the ban. He has used the act before to safeguard parts of Alaska s Bristol Bay and parts of the Arctic. That s the big question,  David Goldston, the director of government affairs at the Natural Resources Defense Council, told FoxNews.com.  Will the Obama administration go beyond the five-year ban? While a permananet ban is still in question, late last week Obama blocked the sale of new oil and gas drilling rights in the Chukchi and Beaufort seas north of Alaska for the next five years   a move that was praised by enviromentalists and largely scorned by oil industry represenatives. Once again, we see the attitude that Washington knows best   an attitude that contributed to last week s election results,  Randall Luthi, president of the National Ocean Industries Association, told The Assocuated Press in reference to Trump s surprise victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton.  FOX News",0
19574,STUNNING VIDEO: 80-Yr Old Man FORCED By Police To Provide Asylum For Refugees In Italian Hotel Against His Will, ,0
19575,RUSH TO FINISH: OBAMA SLAPS $5 BILLION In Regulations On America Before Exit,"Clyde Wayne Crews of the Competitive Enterprise Institute warns that Obama s manufacturing of regulations is not over. With the amount of time left in the year, the current pace of rule passage could bring many thousands of more pages. This is astonishing and should be of great concern, and intolerable, to policymakers.  Said Wayne Crews.  It is remarkable enough that the all-time record has been passed before Thanksgiving.  Read more: ZH This is either the beginning of a midnight uptick in regulation or an otherwise busy week for federal regulators,  Sam Batkins, the director of regulatory policy at the right-leaning American Action Forum, wrote in a report.Batkins, an expert on federal regulations, found federal agencies finalized 19 new regulations last week totaling $2.4 billion in costs, but only $623 million in benefits. Batkins also pointed to another two recently-finalized rules costing businesses $2.3 billion.The White House is increasing the number of rules it pushes out every week as federal agencies rush to finish regulations before President Barack Obama leaves office in January. The Obama administration s latest Unified Agenda had 1,019 final rules ready to be put on the books.Read more: Daily Caller",0
19576,BOOM! KELLYANNE CONWAY Shuts Down CNN’s Cuomo: “Why do you care?” [Video],"Kellyanne Conway defends Trump s  Hamilton  twitter scrap:  Why do you care https://t.co/11UIp8cKFi https://t.co/vnk4rOhY4m  CNN (@CNN) November 21, 2016",0
19577,"SELF-ADMITTED SEXUAL PREDATOR Who Supported Wife, Enabler Of Sexual Predator “Worries” About Sexual Predator In White House [VIDEO]","The hypocrisy of these liberal  entertainers  is astounding. They will criticize and label a man a  sexual predator with absolutely no proof or evidence, while simultaneously supporting a woman who is married to, and provides cover for a proven sexual predator Lena Dunham told a prestigious panel of women she is  terrified  that a  predator  will soon be moving into the White House, the socially aware celebrity.Dunham was discussing Donald Trump s surprise electoral victory during a panel at Glamour magazine s  Women of the Year  summit in Los Angeles. I think so many women are feeling scared, unsafe, ignored by the fact that somebody who is a predator, and is openly a predator, will soon be residing in the White House,  the HBO star said.  That s a very terrifying fact that we are all going to have to reckon with every single day.   Heat Street In 2014, in her collection of personal essays, Not That Kind of Girl, Lena Dunham describes experimenting sexually with her younger sister Grace, whom she says she attempted to persuade to kiss her using  anything a sexual predator might do.  In one particularly unsettling passage, Dunham experimented with her six-year younger sister s vagina.  This was within the spectrum of things I did,  she writes.In the collection of nonfiction personal accounts, Dunham describes using her little sister at times essentially as a sexual outlet, bribing her to kiss her for prolonged periods and even masturbating while she is in the bed beside her. But perhaps the most disturbing is an account she proudly gives of an episode that occurred when she was seven and her sister was one.   Truth Revolt",0
19578,"NBA CRYBABY COACH Worries About President-Elect Trump Insulting His Wife, Daughter…Defends Player Posting Picture Of His “Junk” On Social Media [VIDEO]"," It turns out the hypocrite, liberal, Golden State Warriors coach Steve Kerr doesn t just whine about calls, he also cried about Trump s win during a recent press conference. Besides the totally unfounded  racism  accusations he makes about Trump, it s interesting how offended Kerr is over Trump s private conversation he had with another single guy, that was secretly recorded. He must have forgotten his public defense of one of his players, Draymond Green after he was caught sending a picture of his penis to everyone on his snapchat list.Steve Kerr   ""this is my rant""   for 2+ minutes on the presidential election: ""Maybe we should've seen this coming"" pic.twitter.com/MJOcSdXxHH  Anthony Slater (@anthonyVslater) November 10, 2016Draymond Green got in trouble for hitting LeBron in the nuts when the Golden State Warriors played the Cavaliers during the NBA Finals. In July, Green was exposed for posting a  dick pic  on his public Snapchat story.The NSFW photo, which was quickly deleted, was, of course, captured by the internet for posterity. Green initially tried to play it off as a hacking a tactic that worked really well for disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner.Golden State Warriors head coach Steve Kerr has been fined $25,000 for public criticism of officiating, it was announced today by Kiki VanDeWeghe, Executive Vice President, Basketball Operations. How is it that everybody on Earth can see these traveling violations except for the three people that we pay to do the job? I don t get it. It s bizarre,  Kerr said on KNBR 680.  It s (traveling) a point of emphasis on one particular play and that s when you catch and go   it s just the one that the officials are taught to see. Kerr made his comments during a radio interview Thursday, Nov. 17.  NBA ",0
19579,#HAMILTON Star Makes Jokes On Twitter About “Black Dudes” Taking Sexual Advantage of Drunk “White Chicks”,"When not lecturing the Trump Administration form his bully pulpit, Hamilton star Brandon Victor Dixon is advocating rape, recently unearthed Tweets reveal. St. Patty s day weekend is like Christmas for black dudes who like white chicks. Happy holidays boys. @reesewaters #seasonsgreetings. St. Patty's day weekend is like Christmas for black dudes who like white chicks. Happy holidays boys. @reesewaters#seasonsgreetings  Brandon Victor Dixon (@BrandonVDixon) March 17, 2012Here s how one Twitter user responded after Mike Cernovich uncovered Dixon s vile tweet (above):https://twitter.com/JenThePatriot/status/800442947359543296Via: Danger and PlayDixon retweeted this vile tweet in July, 2013 about turning a  white, married, suburban housewife & mother into a  jump off  by a racist actor friend J Lee:What did they mean by this? pic.twitter.com/1Ehb2qHcqy  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) November 20, 2016",0
19580,WORLD’S MOST FAMOUS VICTIMS Purchase Stunning Number Of Luxury Homes…Not A Bad Payout For A Couple Who Divided Our Nation,"The Obamas are moving into a nine-bedroom mansion in the Kalorama section of Washington   the posh neighborhood of diplomats and DC old money   while younger daughter Sasha finishes high school at Sidwell Friends. But they have apparently been buying real estate elsewhere, too.According to sources, the Obamas have purchased a house in Rancho Mirage, Calif., not far from Sunnylands, the former Annenberg estate, which presidents use as a getaway and which is thought of as the unofficial West Coast Camp David.Rancho Mirage, where Gerald Ford retired, is a top destination for golf   a favorite pastime of President Obama. The local daily newspaper, the Desert Sun, has reported rumors of such a sale for more than a year. But sources say now it s a done deal. Via: NYPThe Obamas, who also own a home in Chicago, will rent the  8,200-square-foot property while their youngest daughter, Sasha, finishes high school.  MG ",0
19581,BRAVO! LAURA INGRAHAM DESTROYS JUAN WILLIAMS On Calling Trump’s Picks “Team Of Radicals” [Video],"Vid: @IngrahamAngle decimates @TheJuanWilliams for  team of radicals  charge.  Why people despise  DC. #FNS #TTT16 pic.twitter.com/WK0QLbSgxu  Brent Baker (@BrentHBaker) November 20, 2016",0
19582,MUSLIM SCHOLAR CRITICIZES OBAMA…Explains Why Americans Need To Give President-Elect Trump A Chance [VIDEO],".@MissDiagnosis: ""He's our president and I think it's very important as a citizen for us to support him."" pic.twitter.com/QV6XUi89Le  Fox News (@FoxNews) November 20, 2016",0
19583,CEO Who Threatened To Kill Trump With Sniper Rifle Says Life Has Been Turned Upside Down [VIDEO],"The former CEO of a local cybersecurity firm is talking first to 10News   about his threat to shoot President-elect Donald Trump.Team 10 Investigator Allison Ash sat down with Matt Harrigan Tuesday afternoon. He tells Allison he s been getting death threats since the posts went viral and he and his family have relocated until the storm settles.Harrigan was the CEO of PacketSled until he resigned his position Tuesday morning. He said he s sorry for his words, and he wants his side of the story told.Harrigan wrote the series of Facebook posts on election night. They were words that he thought only his friends would see. He wrote,  I m going to kill the president. elect  and  Bring it, secret service.  He even mentioned getting a sniper rifle and targeting the White House once Donald Trump was living there.Harrigan said his Facebook friends shared the post on Twitter and that s how it went viral. He says, he s ashamed of what he wrote. I m incredibly apologetic, for that. I don t know,  Harrigan said.  It was [a] very, very dumb thing to do, and I regret it very much  and I would take it back if I could. Harrigan said he was drunk when he wrote the  absurd comments  on election night before Donald Trump won the election. He said most of his friends knew he was just being  over the top  with his  distasteful joke .At least one of those friends wasn t amused, sharing the disturbing messages outside their circle of Facebook friends.  It started to trend very, very quickly and started spiraling and I was blown away,  Harrigan admittedThe Secret Service spent two hours interviewing Harrigan inside his Del Mar home. They did not say whether criminal charged would be filed against the married father of two.Harrigan said his family has been forced out of their home by death threats from people unhappy with his remarks. Although he said the threats he made against Donald Trump were  a joke , he is taking the threats against his family seriously.  ABC 10 News",0
19584,JUDGE JEANINE Scorches Cast Of Hamilton: “Out and out reverse racism and teed up hate” [Video], ,0
19585,EPIC! TUCKER CARLSON Demolishes NYC Councilman Over Sanctuary Cities [Video], ,0
19586,ALMOST 100 YEARS LATER…Donald Trump Sounds A Lot Like Theodore Roosevelt On Immigration…And What It Means To Be An American [VIDEO], ,0
19587,LOL! BRITISH WIFE Of LIB ACTOR Who Said: “There Will Never Be A President Donald Trump”…Warns Americans About President-Elect Trump [VIDEO],"Political activist and Hillary supporter Amal Clooney traveled to Texas to warn Americans about our elected President Donald J. Trump and his tough immigration policies. Maybe she didn t get the memo Trump s tough immigration stance is what catapulted him to the top of the heap in the crowded pack of GOP primary contenders. It wasn t too long ago that her arrogant liberal husband announced with great confidence,  There will never be a President Trump . Perhaps Amal should ve traveled to some of the border towns if she wanted to get a clear picture of how illegal immigration is affecting our nation. Aliens crossing our borders illegally have destroyed the property of American ranchers, and threatened the safety and security of American citizens living in homes in or near the US -Mexican border towns Amal Clooney has warned that many of president-elect Trump s proposals would be  violations of international law. Speaking at the Texas Conference For Women at the Austin Convention Center on Tuesday, the international human rights lawyer, and wife of George Clooney, said she had concerns about America s reputation under the real estate mogul s plans.She noted that Trump s comments during his campaign,  that there should be a religious test imposed on entering the U.S. or the fact that there should be state-sponsored torture or that families of suspected terrorists should all be killed   all of those things are violations of international human rights law and the values that underlie that. The 38-year-old wife said America s reputation as a country with a strong human rights record and high moral standing was at risk. I think there s some concern from abroad as to,  Are these things actually going to happen? , or is the U.S. going to lose some of the moral standing that it has internationally,  according to the Hollywood Reporter.Perhaps its time to put our nation s security and sovereignty before we worry about what people in other countries around the world think of us Both Amal and her Hollywood actor husband George, a staunch Hillary Clinton supporter, have spoken out against Trump in the past.Earlier this year, Amal Clooney called for Trump to be challenged on his extreme views.Watch George Clooney here whine about press giving Trump too much favorable press: When you listen to what the leading candidate on the Republican side has been saying about building walls, about excluding Mexicans and a complete shutdown of all Muslims entering in, and if you actually look at what he specifically said in that now infamous speech about Muslims, he kept saying,  They only want jihad. They don t believe in our way of life. They don t respect our system,  Clooney said. Via: Daily Mail ",0
19588,RACE OBSESSED MTV Host Mocks Trump Supporters: “how you gonna #BoycottHamilton when you can’t afford tickets in the first place?” [VIDEO],"Here's Pence getting booed as he gets to his seats at Hamilton pic.twitter.com/IRQG68x1sB  David K (@dkipke12) November 19, 2016Yes #MikePence was at @HamiltonMusical here's what we had to say pic.twitter.com/YIjt7JZ3gF  G R E G O R Y (@ghaney22) November 19, 2016#BoycottHamilton. @MikePenceVP I amTotally disgusted that ppl in myOwnCntry wouldBhave inThis most disrespectful way 2 r new Vice President  Carolina Covfefe (@TweetiePieKC54) November 19, 2016#BoycottHamiltonTrump Flash Mob at Hamilton Theater Today! 226 W 46th St, NYC pic.twitter.com/ljEX964rZJ  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) November 19, 2016how you gonna #BoycottHamilton when you can't afford tickets in the first place?   Franchesca Ramsey (@chescaleigh) November 19, 2016the KKK endorsed our future President. is that specific enough for you? @LilPrincessSoSo  Franchesca Ramsey (@chescaleigh) November 9, 2016Here are a couple examples of Ramsey s racist videos used to white shame young viewers: ",0
19589,CAR TORCHED AND SPRAYED WITH “F*CK TRUMP” Because Of Pro-Trump Sticker,"THE VICTIM SPEAKS OUT   THIS IS SHAMEFUL! KPTV   FOX 12A car was spray-painted with anti-Donald Trump graffiti and then set on fire in southeast Portland.A reward up to $1,000 is being offered to catch whoever did it.Police and firefighters responded to Southeast 9th Avenue and Ash Street at 12:28 a.m. Friday.They arrived to find a Ford Mustang on fire. After the fire was put out, investigators found  FK Trump  spray-painted on the side of the car.The car had a small sticker on it in support of the the president-elect, according to police.A Volvo parked in front of the burned Mustang had also been tagged with similar graffiti.A witness told police that he heard a possible explosion and saw a person jumping in place several times next to the Mustang. The person near the car then ran away southbound on 9th Avenue. ",0
19590,HOW TO HANDLE Thanksgiving After The 2016 Election [Video],The video below might be a great one to show the Hillary supporters bitter much?The Holderness family makes the funniest videos and this one is no exception! ,0
19591,MIKE PENCE BOOED By Bitter Liberals At Broadway Show Hamilton…Lectured To By Lead Actor [Video],"Here s Pence getting booed as he gets to his seats at Hamilton pic.twitter.com/IRQG68x1sB  David K (@dkipke12) November 19, 2016Yes #MikePence was at @HamiltonMusical here s what we had to say pic.twitter.com/YIjt7JZ3gF  G R E G O R Y (@ghaney22) November 19, 2016",0
19592,BOOM! LIBERAL COLUMNIST Gets DESTROYED By Tucker Carlson When He Can’t Answer Why He Lied About Senator Jeff Sessions [VIDEO], ,0
19593,LOL! Lawless HS Snowflakes Try To Bust Out Of School For Anti-Trump Protest…School Locks Them In! [VIDEO],"It s about time an adult steps up and takes control of these lawless, out-of-control students. We all know 99% of them were just looking to break out of school early anyhow BUSTED: Students at MD High School Attempt Walkout, School Locks Them In pic.twitter.com/TFGf68eaLP  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) November 18, 2016You get a detention!And YOU get a detention!And YOU get a detention! https://t.co/KqdMMzeLP5  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) November 18, 2016CONFUSED? Students at Northwestern High in MD Protest US Presidential Election with Flags of Foreign Countries pic.twitter.com/GZ6r6CcLkY  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) November 18, 2016https://twitter.com/AyyeeDanielle/status/799652287757090816 ",0
19594,"MEET CONSERVATIVE MUSLIM Steve Bannon Hired For Key Position At Breitbart: Only Thing Left Knows Are “Smears, lies, hate, libel, defamation, and an abdication of decency”","In the course of hosting Thursday s Breitbart News Daily, Breitbart London Editor-in-Chief Raheem Kassam stood up for departed Breitbart News Executive Chairman Steve Bannon, who has been under sustained attack from the Left since becoming first Donald Trump s campaign chairman and now chief White House strategist.Kassam recalled how he was a 27-year-old with his own website when he met Bannon in late 2013. He came to me and he said,  You know, I hear great things about you. Can you do what you do from inside Breitbart?  At the time Breitbart was not a very well known name in the U.K. I admit to being skeptical   what was the commitment going to be? Would I be taken care of? Would I have editorial freedom? Why do they want me, or trust me?  he said. But I knew of Breitbart from my trips to CPAC   there s only ever been about 12 Brits at CPAC, in any one year, but I was always one of them,  he continued. In 2013 I took Bannon at his word, and my life has just become a remarkable journey since. And that s why they re calling him one. They re projecting. The liberal media, who has decided amongst themselves what the world should look like   through their ideology   sees people who stand athwart history yelling  stop  as the biggest threat to their androgynous, zombie civilization. Stephen K. Bannon is the man who flew to London to hire me, this brown guy called Raheem Kassam from a Muslim family to run his London operation, and he s now put him in the seat on his radio show. Swallow that, liberals. Swallow that, CNN. Swallow that, New York Times.   Breitbart ",0
19595,MOCK ASSASSINATION OF DONALD TRUMP Sparks Outrage At Texas School,"A San Antonio, Texas school is under fire for an outrageous skit portraying the assassination of President-elect Donald Trump by two 10th grade students. The skit provoked outrage from the parents of a student who watched it unfold last week. Harold and Melinda Bean said that in the skit, entitled  The Assassination of Donald Trump,  one of the boys made a gunfire sound effect with his cell phone as the other boy, portraying Trump, fell to the ground in mock death.Melina Bean made a great point when she explained her concern that the boys weren t punish enough: Younger children using their hands to simulate guns on the playground have been suspended, she said, and this was far worse.    Melinda BeanAll of the students were required to submit descriptions of their English class presentations beforehand to be approved by their teacher, the parents said, but these two students in particular changed their skit afterward. Appropriate action  was taken to reprimand both boys and their teacher, said Northside ISD spokesman Barry Perez. The parents, however, believe more should have been done, including suspending the two students.   Honestly I have run out of words to describe how angry I am and how shocked I am that they re still in school today,  Melinda Bean said.Younger children using their hands to simulate guns on the playground have been suspended, she said, and this was far worse. The teacher apologized Monday, Harold Bean said, but that wasn t enough.  I don t understand how the teacher can repeat an apology and be right there back at work on Monday morning,  he said.  Though we understand she is apologetic, it does not make the situation right.  Perez said campus officials investigated the incident and found that the teacher didn t condone it and stopped the skit. But Harold Bean questioned why she allowed it to start once she heard the title.  Pardon my language but I think that it s a bunch of B.S. if they re going to tell you the kids were stopped,  Harold Bean.Via: mySA",0
19596,CONSERVATIVE FOX News Houston Host FIRED For Saying What We All Think About Obama’s Race War On Facebook,"The Left s suppression of speech and viewpoints by conservatives has never been more dangerous. Let s hope this new administration is able to reverse this very scary trend. I prayed for the best leader that will turn this country that has become more violent and racist under the Obama administration than ever   into the America I once knew , she wrote in a post that was later deleted. I hate to say it   but the number of African Americans killing one another far outweighs the number of them being killed by whites , she said. ",0
19597,STARBUCKS EMPLOYEE Calls Police On Man Wanting Coffee Name To Be “Trump”…#TrumpCup [Video],"Starbucks SJWs call cops on customer for requesting  Trump  name on his coffee cup. pic.twitter.com/WlBoXgZEZF  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 18, 2016Via: Paul Joseph Watson",0
19598,OUR CRYBABY COMMUNITY ORGANIZER Makes A Fool Of Himself In Germany…Thanks To Conservatives In Social Media [VIDEO], ,0
19599,BOOM! The Truth About “FAKE NEWS” Websites: “The butt-hurt and the rigged media is desperate to salvage some scrap of credibility” [VIDEO], ,0
19600,"CELEBRITY CRUISE LINE CEO Makes Political Statement With Stunning Open-Borders, Trump Bashing Ad [VIDEO]","Perhaps Celebrity Cruises didn t get the memo Donald J. Trump won the election. Trump won the election in large part because people are sick and tired of the unchecked invasion of illegal aliens and refugees from countries who hate us into our country. Here is the transcript from this insane anti-Trump ad.  Far from the talk of building walls, far from the threats of keeping people out, far from the rhetoric of fear is a world of differences. Differences that expand and enrich us. Because after all, our lives aren t made better when we close ourselves off to the world, they re made better when we open ourselves up to it Celebrity Cruises. If that language sounds targeted to one specific candidate, that s no mistake   but it s also not the whole point. It s in response to the rhetoric around the world,  Lisa Lutoff-Perlo, president and CEO of Celebrity Cruises, told Skift. She named the Brexit vote, the rise of hate crimes in the UK, and the plight of refugees in France as examples.Closest to home for the Miami-based cruise line   which gets the majority of its passengers from the United States   are the positions that Trump has taken, such as calling for the building of a wall between the U.S. and Mexico and for ideological tests to be given to visitors. If people want to choose [to view] this statement as a political statement, I can t control that,  Lutoff-Perlo said. She said she has thought about whether some potential passengers might be turned off by the spot, but she hasn t worried about the possibility. I believe anybody that truly looks at this and says,  We re not going to sail on Celebrity again,  they re probably not sailing on Celebrity,  she said.  I hope I get more people than I lose. Lutoff-Perlo continued:  Is there a risk? Sure. At some point in time you have to take a stand.   SkiftConservative Twitter user @MightyBusterBro created this video to expose the real message behind Celebrity Cruise Lines anti-Trump ad:https://youtu.be/CioVjCyP-lI",0
19601,TRUMP PROTEST ORGANIZER Destroyed In Debate On Illegals: “Do you think people have a right to lock their doors?” [Video],"Imagine going over 80k into debt for your children to be even stupider than before their  education  pic.twitter.com/1um9rY2MA8  Viktor LePen (@ViktorFiel) November 17, 2016",0
19602,BEGGIN’ MEGYN KELLY’S New Book Ripped To Shreads In Amazon Reviews…Karma!,"Megyn Kelly started out like a shooting star as an anchor on FOX News but is now crashing down in so many ways. Here s the latest epic failure She s been out hawking her new book all over the place but the people just aren t buyin  it. What s even better is they re totally ripping her in the Amazon reviews and giving her one out of five stars (see below).We d like to say that a big dose of karma has hit Ms. Kelly and we can t think of a more deserving person.She literally used her position against Donald Trump to promote her book and career. Who knows if her accusations that Donald Trump screamed at her are true. How can he defend himself from the horrible things she s said about him?We think his supporters have done a great job of helping him out. Amazon is on fire with one star reviews for Kelly. We think she should rename her book  Settle for More  to  Settle for One Star Real, Raw Gimme a Break! ",0
19603,OBAMA’S LIST OF 21 MEDAL OF FREEDOM Recipients Reads Like A Who’s Who Of The Far Left, ,0
19604,Meet The LEFTIST Assistant Professor Who Made Up Bogus List Of “Fake” Conservative Websites That Went Viral,"Approximately one year ago, my business partner sent me a screen shot of a list of  phony  or  not to be trusted  websites  that was going around Facebook. Our website (100percentfedup.com), along with several other conservative websites like Breitbart, IJ Review, Infowars, Biz Pac Review and The Blaze were included on this list. Most of the websites listed had a considerable amount of traffic and cumulatively reach hundreds of millions of readers. I told her to ignore it, that it was clearly created by some leftist organization who was trying to discredit conservative websites. One year later, a list that has striking similarities has been revived. This time however, the list has been amended to include ONE liberal website,  Occupy Democrats  and has a new author, Melissa Zimdars. After all, a list of 90  phony  or  misleading  websites wouldn t be legitimate if at least one of them wasn t a liberal site right?While some of the websites on the list are fake and should be called out as such, there are WAY more legitimate conservative sites on this list who work very hard to vet their sources and to bring their readers truthful news they won t find in the mainstream media. After the election results came in, many on the Left were inconsolable and were lashing out at conservative news sites as the reason Hillary lost. It didn t take long for the Left to realize they had finally met their match with driven conservatives who were not going to roll over and let the Left drive the narrative this time around. Thus the list by Leftist activist Melissa Zimdars, that is being used to discredit many of us who take our jobs very seriously, and are doing all that we can to fight back against a biased media complex.We were curious about Melissa and her political leanings. Could this list have anything to do with wanting to  pay back  the sites who helped to topple Hillary? We did a little research on Melissa and found that her Twitter account is on lock-down. We found this to be slightly ironic considering she appears to be all about transparency. Thanks to Way Back Time Machine, we were able to find out a little bit about Melissa:Melissa is a follower of The Radical  Chicago Rising  and  The End Of Protest  who describes their group as  A new playbook for revolution by Micah White, co-creator of Occupy Wall Street: Melissa is big fan of Black Lives Matter, and was helping to promote the BLM march that threatened the safety and security of many innocent people in Chicago:Here s the real reason why Zimdar likely has her Twitter account on lockdown. She wouldn t want to let everyone know she just published a list of conservative sites that she suggests,  should never be trusted  and allow her hatred for Donald Trump to be exposed at the same time. Besides her hatred for Trump and Karl Rove (see below), she apparently gets  goosebumps  when she hears Bernie Sanders  name. I know what you re thinking She s sounding more  objective  all the time right?Melissa retweeted Hillary s angry tweet about Trump:She s no fan of Dr. Ben Carson and his belief that the government shouldn t be able to force employers to pay an arbitrary minimum wage:Melissa s story became popular after she posted it to her Facebook page, which should come as no surprise given the  friends  who are actively suggesting names of other conservative sites they detest that  Melissa needs to add to the her list. Even though Breitbart is on her  list , Zimdar s friend asks her,  Where s Brietbart? Other friends want to know how they can submit conservative sites that can be added to her list:And of course, what kind of conservative media  hit list  would be complete without Fox News? This friend suggests she needs to put FOX News at the  top  of the list:This Hillary supporter tells Zimdar she d like to use this list as a teaching tool in her class:Just another liberal agitator who plans to use this list to teach her students about honest journalism.Here is Zimdar admitting that not every site is always unreliable, that some,  waffle back and forth . But what the heck she ll leave them there anyhow: ",0
19605,"COMMUNIST SYMPATHIZER NYC MAYOR DEBLASIO Encourages Anti-Trump Protesters To Keep Going: “the more people fight back, the more it takes away his power”","Pointing to Donald Trump s recent comments on abortion and controversial appointment of an extremist right favorite to the White House, Mayor de Blasio on Monday urged all Americans to continue protesting the President-elect.De Blasio, speaking after days of roiling protests against the country s yet-to-be-sworn-in 45th president have sprung up in New York and other cities, said resistance is necessary, especially since Trump is likely to lose the popular vote   and therefore doesn t have a mandate to rule.De Blasio said,  We need to hold Trump accountable for anything he does that encourages hate and division   The more extreme he is, the more people fight back, the more it takes away his power. With Bill de Blasio making headlines for fanning the flames of racial tension between police and protesters it s worth recalling newsworthy information about the New York City mayor s dark past; that he was an active supporter of a brutal communist regime well known as one of the worst human rights abusers in Latin America.Judicial Watch uncovered and reported the scandalous details last year. De Blasio was an active supporter of the communist Sandinista regime in Nicaragua in the 1980s. He was so enamored with Soviet-backed revolutionaries that he traveled to the capital city of the war-torn country, Managua, to aid their cause by participating in a relief mission. Upon de Blasio s return to the United States, he joined the Nicaragua Solidarity Network of Greater New York (NSN).-JWThe mayor also said that Trump s comments on the campaign trail about stepping up stop and frisk wouldn t happen in New York as long as he s mayor. That s not going to happen on my watch,  the mayor said.  NYDN",0
19606,TRUMP SETS THE RECORD STRAIGHT: Slams NYT Then Tweets Directly To Supporters, ,0
19607,DANIEL HANNAN Tells “The Generation Of The Safe Spaces” To Get Over Themselves [Video], ,0
19608,WHAT DONALD TRUMP WILL DO For Christmas Now That He’s President-elect [Video], ,0
19609,LOL! Most Arrested Soros Protesters Didn’t Even Vote…Listen To Hilarious Reason They’re Protesting [VIDEO],"When asked why they re protesting, these foolish young rioters responded with,  Because it s a community kind of thing.  and  Right now is how you gotta show your support for someone else.  These young lawless radicals and others just like them across the United States, with no direction or understanding of who they re harming with their violent behavior, helped to convince Americans why it was so important to vote for a President who promised to restore law and order in America.More than 70 percent of the 112 protesters arrested in Portland last week didn t vote in Oregon, according to state election records. The other approximately 30 percent did cast a ballot in Oregon or in another state.At least seventy-nine demonstrators either didn t turn in a ballot or weren t registered to vote in the state.Following Tuesday s presidential election of Donald Trump, thousands of people took to the streets in downtown Portland for five straight notes. The activity included at least one night that the police declared to be a riot, with more than $1 million in property damage. The bulk of the arrests happened on Friday and Saturday evenings as protesters faced off against police.  KGW8",0
19610,BUH-BYE! GLENN BECK Places Final Nail In His Coffin…And His Former Fans Won’t Miss Him [VIDEO],"Glenn Beck has just proven once again, (to anyone who still gives a darn about what he has to say) how little he cares about shaking things up in DC and in doing so, has proven how irrelevant he really is to conservatives who used to believe in him. From Jim Hoft of Gateway Pundit, who was also a close friend of Andrew Breitbart: It s only a matter of days now before Glenn Beck announces his allegiance to the Democrat Party, Barack Obama and Nancy Pelosi.He has allowed his hatred and pride to consume him.And now that Donald Trump won the election he is doing all he can to make sure Trump fails.  Wow.On Monday Glenn Beck said Steve Bannon has ties to white nationalists. This is a complete lie. Check out this Dec. 12, 2011 interview with Andrew Breitbart where he exposes Glenn Beck as a race-baiter, a liar and a  coward :Andrew Breitbart exposed USDA S Shirley Sherrod after she made extremely racist comments, bragging about how she used her power as a government official to discriminate against a white farmer in a room packed with blacks. The controversy was real, but the mainstream media and Glenn Beck, who we believe has always been jealous of Andrew Breitbart s ability to with connect with conservatives and more specifically, the Tea Party tried to destroy Andrew over this video. Watch:Watch Andrew Breitbart destroy Glenn Beck here:",0
19611,TRUMP GIVES BRUTAL WARNING To Lawless Sanctuary Cities…There’s A New Sheriff In Town [Video],".@KrisKobach1787: Trump has made clear that sanctuary cities could lose federal grants if the mayors continue to defy federal law pic.twitter.com/mGrYjDCdFi  FOX & Friends (@foxandfriends) November 15, 2016",0
19612,WOW! WHITE Liberals Suggest Blacks Are Too Stupid To Get ID’s…Can’t Figure Out How To Use Internet [VIDEO], ,0
19613,TRUMP’S BRINGING Churchill’s Bust Back To Oval Office…Wait Till You See Who Barack Obama Replaced Him With,"Trump will bring Churchill back to the White House after Obama embarrassed himself and our nation by removing the bust and replacing it with a picture of himself on the cover of the radical leftist rag, The New Yorker.Barack Obama removed the Churchill bust from the Oval Office in 2009. This weekend British Ukip leader Nigel Farage told reporters Donald Trump will re-install the bust of Churchill into the Oval Office.Obama replaced the Churchill bust with a photo of himself walking on water.Express.co reported:NIGEL FARAGE has revealed that Donald Trump will re-install a bust of Winston Churchill removed from the Oval Office by Barack Obama   in a clear sign of the friendship the new President wishes to foster with Britain.The interim Ukip leader said Mr Trump has already pushed Britain to the front of the queue for a favourable trade relationship and added that he is the man to forge stronger ties with the US as he flew to visit the business tycoon in his first days as President Elect. The Ukip leader described Donald Trump as an  anglophile  and said his re-installation of the Churchill statue was a clear sign of his appreciation for the historically warm relationship between the allies.-Gateway Pundit ",0
19614,AMERICANS EXPECTED OBAMA TO CALL FOR CALM…Instead Used Press Conference To Bash Trump [Video],"Isn t it the job of the CURRENT president to call for calm? These are his supporters rioting in the streets!Pres. Obama says he told Trump,  It s really important to try to send some signals of unity  https://t.co/hU5i7GUcPS https://t.co/3WMFDS12Sb  CNN (@CNN) November 14, 2016Here s the entire press conference if you would like to listen. You have to skip over the reporters in the beginning to get to Obama and better volume. It s pure torture  ",0
19615,"TOMI LAHREN’S Rant Against Anti-Trump Rioters Goes VIRAL: “A Bunch Of Sore Losers Gathered Together Isn’t A Protest, It’s A Tantrum” [VIDEO]",Share this with every offended snowflake in America clamoring for a  safe space ,0
19616,TRUMP WARNED AMERICANS We’d Be “Sick Of Winning”…CNN Cries Trump Is Making Stock Market Rise Too Much…Could Hurt His Chances For Re-election [VIDEO],"Trump warned us we d be sick of winning Who knew CNN would be sick of winning before Trump even officially assumes his role of President? The big surge on November 7 snapped a nine-day losing streak for stocks that many attributed to Donald Trump s newfound momentum. Wall Street had decided Clinton was going to be the next president   and they wholeheartedly approved.So the fact that the market continued to rally last week after Trump won is, in some respects, even more surprising than the fact that he won in the first place.A Republican in the White House and Republicans keeping control of Congress increases the chances of a bill being passed that would lead to more infrastructure spending. There may also be less regulations on health care stocks and financials.Trump s anti-immigration stance could also be a big problem for U.S. tech companies, which have attracted a lot of talented foreign workers due to the H1-B visa program. Will Trump seek to end that?That may be one of the reasons why big tech giants Apple (AAPL, Tech30), Amazon (AMZN, Tech30), Facebook and Google owner Alphabet all fell last week. Silicon Valley is very wary of Trump   and probably with good reason.After all, Trump waged a Twitter war with Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos because he wasn t happy with the coverage he was getting from the Bezos-owned Washington Post.A Trump war on tech could be bad news for the market and economy. The tech sector is now one of the most important industries in the United States. Apple, Google, Facebook and Amazon are among the most valuable companies on the planet.So even though tech stocks zigged while the rest of the market zagged last week, that probably can t go on indefinitely. Prolonged weakness for big tech companies would have a negative impact on the whole market over the long haul. There s also the issue of how much Trump will actually be able to accomplish.Yes, Republicans control Congress. But House Speaker Paul Ryan wasn t exactly the biggest Trump supporter during the campaign. There could be more roadblocks to Trump s plans than expected on Capitol Hill. It is also hard to believe that Trump won t experience opposition in implementing policy. Trump and opposition are words that go hand in hand,  said Mike O Rourke, chief market strategist of JonesTrading, in a report Monday.The title of O Rourke s report also summed up the rapid shift in sentiment.  Trumpageddon to Trumptopia. Now this isn t to say that the market definitely is due for a crash during the Trump administration. But experts think investors may now need to take a step back and remember that there still isn t a lot that the market knows about possible Trump policies. There remains a great deal of uncertainty over what type of president Trump will actually be. In an election that was dominated by coverage of tweets, videos and emails, policy questions received surprisingly little airtime,  said Andrew Sheets, a strategist with Morgan Stanley, in a report Sunday. Those questions are now crucial for markets. To a remarkable extent, investors we ve spoken to both before and after November 8 disagree on what President-elect Trump will actually do,  Sheets added.That is scary.  CNN Money",0
19617,LOCK HIM UP! CEO Threatens To Assassinate Trump With Sniper Rifle At White House,"But Is Threatening Trump On Social Media Considered A Serious Crime? Will he be locked up? (Read below to find answer to this question)Matt Harrigan at PacketsledMatt Harrigan is the CEO of PacketSled and Critical Assets and a board member for OWASP is calling for an assassination. Call the police, FBI, and the Secret Service! RIGHTVia Reddit The Donald:Harrigan wants Trump dead.Here are screen shots of his messages on social media:Harrigan later posted an apology on Facebook:My recent facebook comment was intended to be a joke, in the context of a larger conversation, and only privately shared as such. Anyone who knows me, knows that I do not engage in this form of rhetoric with any level of seriousness and the comment most certainly does not represent my real personal views in any regard. I apologize if anything that I said was either taken seriously, was offensive, or caused any legitimate concern. Best Regards, Matt Harrigan  GPTwo weeks before the 2008 election, a California man left a vicious message about Barack Obama on a Yahoo finance message board.  Re: Obama fk the niggar, he will have a 50 cal in the head soon.  He followed it up with another ugly post, which began simply:  Shoot the nig. There was more to come. On Election Day, the same poster sent disturbing emails about shooting someone that, as one court put it,  would appear to confirm the malevolent nature of the previous statements    as well as the poster s  own malignant nature. One of the message board participants reported the initial postings, and the Secret Service investigated. With Yahoo s help, it traced the messages to the home computer of Walter Bagdasarian, now 49, a resident of La Mesa, Calif. When agents searched his house, they found that he had weapons in his home, including a .50 caliber muzzle-loading rifle   the caliber of bullet the post said would soon be in Obama s head.In July of 2009, Bagdasarian was convicted of violating 18 USC s 879(a)(3), a federal law that makes it a felony to threaten a major presidential candidate with death or bodily harm. Last week, a federal appeals court in California reversed his conviction   which had gotten him sentenced to 60 days in a halfway house   ruling that his posts did not fall under the law, and that his speech was protected by the first amendment.United States v. Bagdasarian was the latest attempt by the federal courts to police the blurry line between criminal threats and protected speech   a line that has become more important than ever as the Internet has given rage-filled people unprecedented opportunities to spew hate.Regardless of how offensive it can often get, the courts are rightly reluctant to let political speech be criminalized. To be convicted under 879(a)(3), it is not enough that someone has made menacing statements. They have to have intended to threaten injury or death, and people viewing the words objectively have to regard them as threatening. In addition to these requirements under 879(a)(3), there is a separate first amendment test: the speaker s words must be a  true threat    which in this case the court defined as  a statement which, in the entire context and under all the circumstances, a reasonable person would foresee would be interpreted by those to whom the statement is communicated as a serious expression of intent to inflict bodily harm upon that person. The San Francisco-based U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit ruled, by a 2-1 vote, that Bagdasarian s posts did not meet these tests. The majority was deeply unhappy with Bagdasarian    an especially unpleasant fellow,  the court said   and his words. But the judges in the majority also insisted that the posts were not illegal. There was not enough evidence, they said, to find that Bagdasarian actually intended to put Obama at risk, or that a reasonable observer would think that he did. What s more, the posts were not  true threats.  The court contrasted Bagdasarian s words with those from another case, in which an enraged discharged employee posted threats like  I will kill you  and  I will personally send you back to the hell from where you came. For entire story: TimeI m no fan of Barack Obama, but I would never want to see someone threaten his life or the life of his family on social media, and believe strongly anyone who does should be punished accordingly. ",0
19618,PRICELESS! ANTI-TRUMP RIOTER THROWS TANTRUM When Arrested: “I want…I want…I want!” [Video],"Woman arrested at anti-Trump protest in Fort Lauderdale after throwing water on Trump supporters.pic.twitter.com/MxGe5QooYI  Breaking911 (@Breaking911) November 14, 2016",0
19619,TRUMP SUPPORTER Whose Brutal Beating By Black Mob Was Caught On Video Asks: “What Happened To America?” [VIDEO],https://youtu.be/kKFQ5i9jXmA,0
19620,"TRUMP MIC DROP MOMENT From 60 Minutes Interview: “I’m very good at this, it’s called construction”","The best part of the 60 Minutes interview was when Trump told the dumb@@ Leslie Stall this when asked if he would build the wall: What we are going to do is get the people that are criminal and have criminal records, gang members, drug dealers, where a lot of these people, probably 2 million, it could be even 3 million, we are getting them out of our country or we are going to incarcerate,  he said in the interview, to air on  60 Minutes   But we re getting them out of our country; they re here illegally. Only then, Trump said, will he figure out a plan to deal with the  terrific people  who are in the U.S. illegally but have otherwise clean criminal histories. Securing the border, he said, is a prerequisite for any other action on immigration One unchanged part of his immigration platform has been his plan for the construction of a wall along America s southern border with Mexico, something he said he would force the Mexican government to pay for by threatening to cut off the flow of money from immigrants to their families south of the border. Trump said Sunday that while an actual wall will be necessary along some portions of the border, a mere fence will suffice in others. I m very good at this; it s called construction,  he said.President-elect Donald Trump says the wall on the Mexican border may have fence segments, tonight on #60Minutes: https://t.co/n4ZKu8f3mk pic.twitter.com/bCmtXgcyFh  60 Minutes (@60Minutes) November 13, 2016 ",0
19621,WOW! AMERICA IS UNDER ATTACK By These 187 Organizations Directly Funded By George Soros,"There have been many articles written about George Soros and his collectivist activism. Soros is a business magnate, investor, philanthropist, and author who is of Jewish-Hungarian ancestry and holds dual citizenship. He is chairman of Soros Fund Management. Discover the Networks has published a comprehensive list of organizations funded by Soros and his Open Society Institute.Some of these groups have actively opposed Donald Trump for president and may be part of the recent levels of violence and chaos seen at his rallies. Many of the groups favor: open borders, amnesty, giving illegals voting rights, Muslim migration and social justice.Advancement Project: This organization works to organize  communities of color  into politically cohesive units while disseminating its leftist worldviews and values as broadly as possible by way of a sophisticated communications department.Air America Radio: Now defunct, this was a self-identified  liberal  radio network.All of Us or None: This organization seeks to change voting laws   which vary from state to state   so as to allow ex-inmates, parolees, and even current inmates to cast their ballots in political elections.Alliance for Justice: Best known for its activism vis a vis the appointment of federal judges, this group consistently depicts Republican judicial nominees as  extremists. America Coming Together: Soros played a major role in creating this group, whose purpose was to coordinate and organize pro-Democrat voter-mobilization programs.America Votes: Soros also played a major role in creating this group, whose get-out-the-vote campaigns targeted likely Democratic voters.America s Voice: This open-borders group seeks to promote  comprehensive  immigration reform that includes a robust agenda in favor of amnesty for illegal aliens.American Bar Association Commission on Immigration Policy: This organization  opposes laws that require employers and persons providing education, health care, or other social services to verify citizenship or immigration status. American Bridge 21st Century: This Super PAC conducts opposition research designed to help Democratic political candidates defeat their Republican foes.American Civil Liberties Union: This group opposes virtually all post-9/11 national security measures enacted by the U.S. government. It supports open borders, has rushed to the defense of suspected terrorists and their abettors, and appointed former New Left terrorist Bernardine Dohrn to its Advisory Board.American Constitution Society for Law and Policy: This Washington, DC-based think tank seeks to move American jurisprudence to the left by recruiting, indoctrinating, and mobilizing young law students, helping them acquire positions of power. It also provides leftist Democrats with a bully pulpit from which to denounce their political adversaries.American Family Voices: This group creates and coordinates media campaigns charging Republicans with wrongdoing.American Federation of Teachers: After longtime AFT President Albert Shanker died in in 1997, he was succeeded by Sandra Feldman, who slowly  re-branded  the union, allying it with some of the most powerful left-wing elements of the New Labor Movement. When Feldman died in 2004, Edward McElroy took her place, followed by Randi Weingarten in 2008. All of them kept the union on the leftward course it had adopted in its post-Shanker period.American Friends Service Committee: This group views the United States as the principal cause of human suffering around the world. As such, it favors America s unilateral disarmament, the dissolution of American borders, amnesty for illegal aliens, the abolition of the death penalty, and the repeal of the Patriot Act.American Immigration Council: This non-profit organization is a prominent member of the open-borders lobby. It advocates expanded rights and amnesty for illegal aliens residing in the U.S. American Immigration Law Foundation: This group supports amnesty for illegal aliens, on whose behalf it litigates against the U.S. government.American Independent News Network: This organization promotes  impact journalism  that advocates progressive change. American Institute for Social Justice: AISJ s goal is to produce skilled community organizers who can  transform poor communities  by agitating for increased government spending on city services, drug interdiction, crime prevention, housing, public-sector jobs, access to healthcare, and public schools.American Library Association: This group has been an outspoken critic of the Bush administration s War on Terror   most particularly, Section 215 of the USA Patriot Act, which it calls  a present danger to the constitutional rights and privacy rights of library users. The American Prospect, Inc.: This corporation trains and mentors young leftwing journalists, and organizes strategy meetings for leftist leaders. Amnesty International: This organization directs a grossly disproportionate share of its criticism for human rights violations at the United States and Israel.Applied Research Center: Viewing the United States as a nation where  structural racism  is deeply  embedded in the fabric of society,  ARC seeks to  build a fair and equal society  by demanding  concrete change from our most powerful institutions. Arab American Institute Foundation: The Arab American Institute denounces the purportedly widespread civil liberties violations directed against Arab Americans in the post-9/11 period, and characterizes Israel as a brutal oppressor of the Palestinian people.Aspen Institute: This organization promotes radical environmentalism and views America as a nation plagued by deep-seated  structural racism. Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now: This group conducts voter mobilization drives on behalf of leftist Democrats. These initiatives have been notoriously marred by fraud and corruption.Ballot Initiative Strategy Center: This organization seeks to advance  a national progressive strategy  by means of ballot measures state-level legislative proposals that pass successfully through a petition ( initiative ) process and are then voted upon by the public.Bill of Rights Defense Committee: This group provides a detailed blueprint for activists interested in getting their local towns, cities, and even college campuses to publicly declare their opposition to the Patriot Act, and to designate themselves  Civil Liberties Safe Zones.  The organization also came to the defense of self-described radical attorney Lynne Stewart, who was convicted in 2005 of providing material support for terrorism.Black Alliance for Just Immigration: This organization seeks to create a unified movement for  social and economic justice  centered on black racial identity.Blueprint North Carolina: This group seeks to  influence state policy in North Carolina so that residents of the state benefit from more progressive policies such as better access to health care, higher wages, more affordable housing, a safer, cleaner environment, and access to reproductive health services. Brennan Center for Justice: This think tank/legal activist group generates scholarly studies, mounts media campaigns, files amicus briefs, gives pro bono support to activists, and litigates test cases in pursuit of radical  change. Brookings Institution: This organization has been involved with a variety of internationalist and state-sponsored programs, including one that aspires to facilitate the establishment of a U.N.-dominated world government. Brookings Fellows have also called for additional global collaboration on trade and banking; the expansion of the Kyoto Protocol; and nationalized health insurance for children. Nine Brookings economists signed a petition opposing President Bush s tax cuts in 2003.Campaign for America s Future: This group supports tax hikes, socialized medicine, and a dramatic expansion of social welfare programs.Campaign for Better Health Care: This organization favors a single-payer, government-run, universal health care system. Campaign for Youth Justice: This organization contends that  transferring juveniles to the adult criminal-justice system leads to higher rates of recidivism, puts incarcerated and detained youth at unnecessary risk, has little deterrence value, and does not increase public safety. Campus Progress: A project of the Soros-bankrolled Center for American Progress, this group seeks to  strengthen progressive voices on college and university campuses, counter the growing influence of right-wing groups on campus, and empower new generations of progressive leaders. Casa de Maryland: This organization aggressively lobbies legislators to vote in favor of policies that promote expanded rights, including amnesty, for illegal aliens currently residing in the United States.Catalist: This is a for-profit political consultancy that seeks  to help progressive organizations realize measurable increases in civic participation and electoral success by building and operating a robust national voter database of every voting-age American. Catholics for Choice: This nominally Catholic organization supports women s right to abortion-on-demand.Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good: This political nonprofit group is dedicated to generating support from the Catholic community for leftwing candidates, causes, and legislation.Center for American Progress: This leftist think tank is headed by former Clinton chief of staff John Podesta, works closely with Hillary Clinton, and employs numerous former Clinton administration staffers. It is committed to  developing a long-term vision of a progressive America  and  providing a forum to generate new progressive ideas and policy proposals. Center for Community Change: This group recruits and trains activists to spearhead leftist  political issue campaigns.  Promoting increased funding for social welfare programs by bringing  attention to major national issues related to poverty,  the Center bases its training programs on the techniques taught by the famed radical organizer Saul Alinsky.Center for Constitutional Rights: This pro-Castro organization is a core member of the open borders lobby, has opposed virtually all post-9/11 anti-terrorism measures by the U.S. government, and alleges that American injustice provokes acts of international terrorism.Center for Economic and Policy Research: This group opposed welfare reform, supports  living wage  laws, rejects tax cuts, and consistently lauds the professed achievements of socialist regimes, most notably Venezuela.Center for Reproductive Rights: CRR s mission is to guarantee safe, affordable contraception and abortion-on-demand for all women, including adolescents. The organization has filed state and federal lawsuits demanding access to taxpayer-funded abortions (through Medicaid) for low-income women.Center for Responsible Lending: This organization was a major player in the subprime mortgage crisis. According to Phil Kerpen (vice president for policy at Americans for Prosperity), CRL  sh[ook] down and harass[ed] banks into making bad loans to unqualified borrowers.  Moreover, CRL negotiated a contract enabling it to operate as a conduit of high-risk loans to Fannie Mae.Center on Budget and Policy Priorities: Reasoning from the premise that tax cuts generally help only the wealthy, this organization advocates greater tax expenditures on social welfare programs for low earners.Center on Wisconsin Strategy (COWS): Aiming to redistribute wealth by way of higher taxes imposed on those whose incomes are above average, COWS contends that  it is important that state government be able to harness fair contribution from all parts of society   including corporations and the wealthy. Change America Now: Formed in December 2006, Change America Now describes itself as  an independent political organization created to educate citizens on the failed policies of the Republican Congress and to contrast that record of failure with the promise offered by a Democratic agenda. Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington: This group litigates and brings ethics charges against  government officials who sacrifice the common good to special interests  and  betray the public trust.  Almost all of its targets are Republicans.Coalition for an International Criminal Court: This group seeks to subordinate American criminal-justice procedures to those of an international court.Common Cause: This organization aims to bring about campaign-finance reform, pursue media reform resembling the Fairness Doctrine, and cut military budgets in favor of increased social-welfare and environmental spending.Constitution Project: This organization seeks to challenge the legality of military commissions; end the detainment of  enemy combatants ; condemn government surveillance of terrorists; and limit the President s executive privileges.Defenders of Wildlife Action Fund: Defenders of Wildlife opposes oil exploration in Alaska s Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. It condemns logging, ranching, mining, and even the use of recreational motorized vehicles as activities that are destructive to the environment.Democracy Alliance: This self-described  liberal organization  aims to raise $200 million to develop a funding clearinghouse for leftist groups. Soros is a major donor to this group.Democracy 21: This group is a staunch supporter of the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002, also known as the McCain-Feingold Act.Democracy Now!: Democracy Now! was created in 1996 by WBAI radio news director Amy Goodman and four partners to provide  perspectives rarely heard in the U.S. corporate-sponsored media,  i.e., the views of radical and foreign journalists, left and labor activists, and ideological foes of capitalism.Democratic Justice Fund: DJF opposes the Patriot Act and most efforts to restrict or regulate immigration into the United States   particularly from countries designated by the State Department as  terrorist nations. Democratic Party: Soros  funding activities are devoted largely to helping the Democratic Party solidify its power base. In a November 2003 interview, Soros stated that defeating President Bush in 2004  is the central focus of my life     a matter of life and death.  He pledged to raise $75 million to defeat Bush, and personally donated nearly a third of that amount to anti-Bush organizations.  America under Bush,  he said,  is a danger to the world, and I m willing to put my money where my mouth is. Demos: This organization lobbies federal and state policymakers to  addres[s] the economic insecurity and inequality that characterize American society today ; promotes  ideas for reducing gaps in wealth, income and political influence ; and favors tax hikes for the wealthy.Drum Major Institute: This group describes itself as  a non-partisan, non-profit think tank generating the ideas that fuel the progressive movement,  with the ultimate aim of persuading  policymakers and opinion-leaders  to take steps that advance its vision of  social and economic justice. Earthjustice: This group seeks to place severe restrictions on how U.S. land and waterways may be used. It opposes most mining and logging initiatives, commercial fishing businesses, and the use of motorized vehicles in undeveloped areas.Economic Policy Institute: This organization believes that  government must play an active role in protecting the economically vulnerable, ensuring equal opportunity, and improving the well-being of all Americans. Electronic Privacy Information Center: This organization has been a harsh critic of the USA PATRIOT Act and has joined the American Civil Liberties Union in litigating two cases calling for the FBI  to publicly release or account for thousands of pages of information about the government s use of PATRIOT Act powers. Ella Baker Center for Human Rights: Co-founded by the revolutionary communist Van Jones, this anti-poverty organization claims that  decades of disinvestment in our cities    compounded by  excessive, racist policing and over-incarceration    have  led to despair and homelessness. EMILY s List: This political network raises money for Democratic female political candidates who support unrestricted access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand.Energy Action Coalition: Founded in 2004, this group describes itself as  a coalition of 50 youth-led environmental and social justice groups working together to build the youth clean energy and climate movement.  For EAC, this means  dismantling oppression  according to its principles of environmental justice.Equal Justice USA: This group claims that America s criminal-justice system is plagued by  significant race and class biases,  and thus seeks to promote major reforms. Fair Immigration Reform Movement: This is the open-borders arm of the Center for Community Change.Faithful America: This organization promotes the redistribution of wealth, an end to enhanced interrogation procedures vis a vis prisoners-of-war, the enactment of policies to combat global warming, and the creation of a government-run heath care system.Feminist Majority: Characterizing the United States as an inherently sexist nation, this group focuses on  advancing the legal, social and political equality of women with men, countering the backlash to women s advancement, and recruiting and training young feminists to encourage future leadership for the feminist movement in the United States. Four Freedoms Fund: This organization was designed to serve as a conduit through which large foundations could fund state-based open-borders organizations more flexibly and quickly.Free Exchange on Campus: This organization was created solely to oppose the efforts of one individual, David Horowitz, and his campaign to have universities adopt an  Academic Bill of Rights,  as well as to denounce Horowitz s 2006 book The Professors. Member organizations of FEC include Campus Progress (a project of the Center for American Progress); the American Association of University Professors; the American Civil Liberties Union; People For the American Way; the United States Student Association; the Center for Campus Free Speech; the American Library Association; Free Press; and the National Association of State Public Interest Research Groups.Free Press: This  media reform  organization has worked closely with many notable leftists and such organizations as Media Matters for America, Air America Radio, Global Exchange, Code Pink, Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting, the Revolutionary Communist Party, Mother Jones magazine, and Pacifica Radio. Funding Exchange: Dedicated to the concept of philanthropy as a vehicle for social change, this organization pairs leftist donors and foundations with like minded groups and activists who are dedicated to bringing about their own version of  progressive  change and social justice. Many of these grantees assume that American society is rife with racism, discrimination, exploitation, and inequity and needs to be overhauled via sustained education, activism, and social agitation.Gamaliel Foundation: Modeling its tactics on those of the radical Sixties activist Saul Alinsky, this group takes a strong stand against current homeland security measures and immigration restrictions.Gisha: Center for the Legal Protection of Freedom of Movement: This anti-Israel organization seeks to help Palestinians  exercise their right to freedom of movement. Global Centre for the Responsibility to Protect: This group contends that when a state proves either unable or unwilling to protect civilians from mass atrocities occurring within its borders, it is the responsibility of the international community to intervene   peacefully if possible, but with military force if necessary.Global Exchange: Established in 1988 by pro-Castro radical Medea Benjamin, this group consistently condemns America s foreign policy, business practices, and domestic life. Following the 9/11 terrorist attacks, Global Exchange advised Americans to examine  the root causes of resentment against the United States in the Arab world   from our dependence on Middle Eastern oil to our biased policy towards Israel. Grantmakers Without Borders: GWB tends to be very supportive of leftist environmental, anti-war, and civil rights groups. It is also generally hostile to capitalism, which it deems one of the chief  political, economic, and social systems  that give rise to a host of  social ills. Green For All: This group was created by Van Jones to lobby for federal climate, energy, and economic policy initiatives. Health Care for America Now: This group supports a  single payer  model where the federal government would be in charge of financing and administering the entire U.S. healthcare system. Human Rights Campaign: The largest  lesbian-gay-bisexual-transgender  lobbying group in the United States, HRC supports political candidates and legislation that will advance the LGBT agenda. Historically, HRC has most vigorously championed HIV/AIDS-related legislation,  hate crime  laws, the abrogation of the military s  Don t Ask, Don t Tell  policy, and the legalization of gay marriage.Human Rights First: This group supports open borders and the rights of illegal aliens; charges that the Patriot Act severely erodes Americans  civil liberties; has filed amicus curiae briefs on behalf of terror suspect Jose Padilla; and deplores the Guantanamo Bay detention facilities.Human Rights Watch: This group directs a disproportionate share of its criticism at the United States and Israel. It opposes the death penalty in all cases, and supports open borders and amnesty for illegal aliens. I lam: This anti-Israel NGO seeks  to develop and empower the Arab media and to give voice to Palestinian issues. Immigrant Defense Project: To advance the cause of illegal immigrants, the IDP provides immigration law backup support and counseling to New York defense attorneys and others who represent or assist immigrants in criminal justice and immigration systems, as well as to immigrants themselves.Immigrant Legal Resource Center: This group claims to have helped gain amnesty for some three million illegal aliens in the U.S., and in the 1980s was part of the sanctuary movement which sought to grant asylum to refugees from the failed Communist states of Central America.Immigrant Workers Citizenship Project: This open-borders organization advocates mass immigration to the U.S. Immigration Advocates Network: This alliance of immigrant-rights groups seeks to  increase access to justice for low-income immigrants and strengthen the capacity of organizations serving them. Immigration Policy Center: IPC is an advocate of open borders and contends that the massive influx of illegal immigrants into America is due to U.S. government policy, since  the broken immigration system [ ] spurs unauthorized immigration in the first place. Independent Media Center: This Internet-based, news and events bulletin board represents an invariably leftist, anti-capitalist perspective and serves as a mouthpiece for anti-globalization/anti-America themes.Independent Media Institute: IMI administers the SPIN Project (Strategic Press Information Network), which provides leftist organizations with  accessible and affordable strategic communications consulting, training, coaching, networking opportunities and concrete tools  to help them  achieve their social justice goals. Institute for America s Future: IAF supports socialized medicine, increased government funding for education, and the creation of an infrastructure  to ensure that the voice of the progressive majority is heard. Institute for New Economic Thinking: Seeking to create a new worldwide  economic paradigm,  this organization is staffed by numerous individuals who favor government intervention in national economies, and who view capitalism as a flawed system.Institute for Policy Studies: This think tank has long supported Communist and anti-American causes around the world. Viewing capitalism as a breeding ground for  unrestrained greed,  IPS seeks to provide a corrective to  unrestrained markets and individualism.  Professing an unquestioning faith in the righteousness of the United Nations, it aims to bring American foreign policy under UN control.Institute for Public Accuracy: This anti-American, anti-capitalist, anti-Israel organization sponsored actor Sean Penn s celebrated visit to Baghdad in 2002. It also sponsored visits to Iraq by Democratic Congressmen Nick Rahall and former Democrat Senator James AbourezkInstitute for Women s Policy Research: This group views the U.S. as a nation rife with discrimination against women, and publishes research to draw attention to this alleged state of affairs. It also advocates unrestricted access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand, stating that  access to abortion is essential to the economic well-being of women and girls. International Crisis Group: One of this organization s leading figures is its Mideast Director, Robert Malley, who was President Bill Clinton s Special Assistant for Arab-Israeli Affairs. His analysis of the Mideast conflict is markedly pro-Palestinian.J Street: This anti-Israel group warns that Israel s choice to take military action to stop Hamas  terrorist attacks  will prove counter-productive and only deepen the cycle of violence in the region Jewish Funds for Justice: This organization views government intervention and taxpayer funding as crucial components of enlightened social policy. It seeks to redistribute wealth from Jewish donors to low-income communities  to combat the root causes of domestic economic and social injustice.  By JFJ s reckoning, chief among those root causes are the inherently negative by-products of capitalism   most notably racism and  gross economic inequality. Joint Victory Campaign 2004: Founded by George Soros and Harold Ickes, this group was a major fundraising entity for Democrats during the 2004 election cycle. It collected contributions (including large amounts from Soros personally) and disbursed them to two other groups, America Coming Together and the Media Fund, which also worked on behalf of Democrats.Justice at Stake: This coalition calls for judges to be appointed by nonpartisan, independent commissions in a process known as  merit selection,  rather than elected by the voting public.Latino Justice PRLDF: This organization supports bilingual education, the racial gerrymandering of voting districts, and expanded rights for illegal aliens.Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law: This group views America as an unremittingly racist nation; uses the courts to mandate race-based affirmative action preferences in business and academia; has filed briefs against the Department of Homeland Security s efforts to limit the wholesale granting of green cards and to identify potential terrorists; condemns the Patriot Act; and calls on Americans to  recognize the contribution  of illegal aliens.League of United Latin American Citizens: This group views America as a nation plagued by  an alarming increase in xenophobia and anti-Hispanic sentiment ; favors racial preferences; supports the legalization of illegal Hispanic aliens; opposes military surveillance of U.S. borders; opposes making English America s official language; favors open borders; and rejects anti-terrorism legislation like the Patriot Act.League of Women Voters Education Fund: The League supports taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand; supports  motor-voter  registration, which allows anyone with a driver s license to become a voter, regardless of citizenship status; and supports tax hikes and socialized medicine.League of Young Voters: This organization seeks to  empowe[r] young people nationwide  to  participate in the democratic process and create progressive political change on the local, state and national level[s]. Lynne Stewart Defense Committee: IRS records indicate that Soros s Open Society Institute made a September 2002 grant of $20,000 to this organization. Stewart was the criminal-defense attorney who was later convicted for abetting her client, the  blind sheikh  Omar Abdel Rahman, in terrorist activities connected with his Islamic Group.Machsom Watch: This organization describes itself as  a movement of Israeli women, peace activists from all sectors of Israeli society, who oppose the Israeli occupation and the denial of Palestinians  rights to move freely in their land. MADRE: This international women s organization deems America the world s foremost violator of human rights. As such, it seeks to  communicat[e] the real-life impact of U.S. policies on women and families confronting violence, poverty and repression around the world,  and to  demand alternatives to destructive U.S. policies.  It also advocates unrestricted access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand.Malcolm X Grassroots Movement: This group views the U.S. as a nation replete with racism and discrimination against blacks; seeks to establish an independent black nation in the southeastern United States; and demands reparations for slavery.Massachusetts Immigrant and Refugee Advocacy Coalition: This group calls for the expansion of civil rights and liberties for illegal aliens; laments that illegal aliens in America are commonly subjected to  worker exploitation ; supports tuition-assistance programs for illegal aliens attending college; and characterizes the Patriot Act as a  very troubling  assault on civil liberties.Media Fund: Soros played a major role in creating this group, whose purpose was to conceptualize, produce, and place political ads on television, radio, print, and the Internet.Media Matters for America: This organization is a  web-based, not-for-profit   progressive research and information center  seeking to  systematically monitor a cross-section of print, broadcast, cable, radio, and Internet media outlets for conservative misinformation.  The group works closely with the Soros-backed Center for American Progress, and is heavily funded by Democracy Alliance, of which Soros is a major financier.Mercy Corps: Vis a vis the Arab-Israeli conflict, Mercy Corps places all blame for Palestinian poverty and suffering directly on Israel.Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund: This group advocates open borders, free college tuition for illegal aliens, lowered educational standards to accommodate Hispanics, and voting rights for criminals. In MALDEF s view, supporters of making English the official language of the United States are  motivated by racism and anti-immigrant sentiments,  while advocates of sanctions against employers reliant on illegal labor seek to discriminate against  brown-skinned people. Meyer, Suozzi, English and Klein, PC: This influential defender of Big Labor is headed by Democrat operative Harold Ickes. Midwest Academy: This entity trains radical activists in the tactics of direct action, targeting, confrontation, and intimidation.Migration Policy Institute: This group seeks to create  a North America with gradually disappearing border controls   with permanent migration remaining at moderate levels.  Military Families Speak Out: This group ascribes the U.S. invasion of Iraq to American imperialism and lust for oil.Missourians Organizing for Reform and Empowerment: This group is the re-branded Missouri branch of the now-defunct, pro-socialist, community organization ACORN.MoveOn.org: This Web-based organization supports Democratic political candidates through fundraising, advertising, and get-out-the-vote drives.Ms. Foundation for Women: This group laments what it views as the widespread and enduring flaws of American society: racism, sexism, homophobia, and the violation of civil rights and liberties. It focuses its philanthropy on groups that promote affirmative action for women, unfettered access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand, amnesty for illegal aliens, and big government generally.NARAL Pro-Choice America: This group supports taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand, and works to elect pro-abortion Democrats.NAACP Legal Defense and Education Fund: The NAACP supports racial preferences in employment and education, as well as the racial gerrymandering of voting districts. Underpinning its support for race preferences is the fervent belief that white racism in the United States remains an intractable, largely undiminished, phenomenon.The Nation Institute: This nonprofit entity sponsors leftist conferences, fellowships, awards for radical activists, and journalism internships.National Abortion Federation: This group opposes any restrictions on abortion at either the state or federal levels, and champions the introduction of unrestricted abortion into developing regions of the world.National Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty: This group was established in 1976 as the first  fully staffed national organization exclusively devoted to abolishing capital punishment. National Committee for Responsive Philanthropy: This group depicts the United States as a nation in need of dramatic structural change financed by philanthropic organizations. It overwhelmingly promotes grant-makers and grantees with leftist agendas, while criticizing their conservative counterparts.National Committee for Voting Integrity: This group opposes  the implementation of proof of citizenship and photo identification requirements for eligible electors in American elections as the means of assuring election integrity. National Council for Research on Women: This group supports big government, high taxes, military spending cuts, increased social welfare spending, and the unrestricted right to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand.National Council of La Raza: This group lobbies for racial preferences, bilingual education, stricter hate-crime laws, mass immigration, and amnesty for illegal aliens.National Council of Women s Organizations: This group views the United States as a nation rife with injustice against girls and women. It advocates high levels of spending for social welfare programs, and supports race and gender preferences for minorities and women in business and academia.National Immigration Forum: Opposing the enforcement of present immigration laws, this organization urges the American government to  legalize  en masse all illegal aliens currently in the United States who have no criminal records, and to dramatically increase the number of visas available for those wishing to migrate to the U.S. The Forum is particularly committed to opening the borders to unskilled, low-income workers, and immediately making them eligible for welfare and social service programs.National Immigration Law Center: This group seeks to win unrestricted access to government-funded social welfare programs for illegal aliens.National Lawyers Guild: This group promotes open borders; seeks to weaken America s intelligence-gathering agencies; condemns the Patriot Act as an assault on civil liberties; rejects capitalism as an nonviable economic system; has rushed to the defense of convicted terrorists and their abettors; and generally opposes all U.S. foreign policy positions, just as it did during the Cold War when it sided with the Soviets.National Organization for Women: This group advocates the unfettered right to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand; seeks to  eradicate racism, sexism and homophobia  from American society; attacks Christianity and traditional religious values; and supports gender-based preferences for women.National Partnership for Women and Families: This organization supports race- and sex-based preferences in employment and education. It also advocates for the universal  right  of women to undergo taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand at any stage of pregnancy and for any reason.National Priorities Project: This group supports government-mandated redistribution of wealth   through higher taxes and greater expenditures on social welfare programs. NPP exhorts the government to redirect a significant portion of its military funding toward public education, universal health insurance, environmentalist projects, and welfare programs.National Public Radio: Founded in 1970 with 90 public radio stations as charter members, NPR is today a loose network of more than 750 U.S. radio stations across the country, many of which are based on college and university campuses. (source)National Security Archive Fund: This group collects and publishes declassified documents obtained through the Freedom of Information Act to a degree that compromises American national security and the safety of intelligence agents.National Women s Law Center: This group supports taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand; lobbies against conservative judicial appointees; advocates increased welfare spending to help low-income mothers; and favors higher taxes for the purpose of generating more funds for such government programs as Medicaid, food stamps, welfare, foster care, health care, child-support enforcement, and student loans.Natural Resources Defense Council: One of the most influential environmentalist lobbying groups in the United States, the Council claims a membership of one million people. New America Foundation: This organization uses policy papers, media articles, books, and educational events to influence public opinion on such topics as healthcare, environmentalism, energy policy, the Mideast conflict, global governance, and much more.New Israel Fund: This organization gives support to NGOs that regularly produce reports accusing Israel of human-rights violations and religious persecution.NewsCorpWatch: A project of Media Matters For America, NewsCorpWatch was established with the help of a $1 million George Soros grant to Media Matters.Pacifica Foundation: This entity owns and operates Pacifica Radio, awash from its birth with the socialist-Marxist rhetoric of class warfare and hatred for capitalism.Peace and Security Funders Group: This is an association of more than 60 foundations that give money to leftist anti-war and environmentalist causes. Its members tend to depict America as the world s chief source of international conflict, environmental destruction, and economic inequalities.Peace Development Fund: In PDF s calculus, the United States needs a massive overhaul of its social and economic institutions.  Recently,  explains PDF,  we have witnessed the negative effects of neo-liberalism and the globalization of capitalism, the de-industrialization of the U.S. and the growing gap between the rich and poor  People for the American Way: This group opposes the Patriot Act, anti-terrorism measures generally, and the allegedly growing influence of the  religious right. People Improving Communities Through Organizing: This group uses Alinsky-style organizing tactics to advance the doctrines of the religious left.Physicians for Human Rights: This group is selectively and disproportionately critical of the United States and Israel in its condemnations of human rights violations.Physicians for Social Responsibility: This is an anti-U.S.-military organization that also embraces the tenets of radical environmentalism.Planned Parenthood: This group is the largest abortion provider in the United States and advocates taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand.Ploughshares Fund: This public grant making foundation opposes America s development of a missile defense system, and contributes to many organizations that are highly critical of U.S. foreign policies and military ventures.Prepare New York: This group supported the proposed construction of a Muslim Community Center near Ground Zero in lower Manhattan   a project known as the Cordoba Initiative, headed by Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf.Presidential Climate Action Project: PCAP s mission is to create a new 21st-century economy, completely carbon-free and based largely on renewable energy. A key advisor to the organization is the revolutionary communist Van Jones.Prison Moratorium Project: This initiative was created in 1995 for the express purpose of working for the elimination of all prisons in the United States and the release of all inmates. Reasoning from the premise that incarceration is never an appropriate means of dealing with crime, it deems American society s inherent inequities the root of all criminal behavior.Progressive Change Campaign Committee: This organization works  to elect bold progressive candidates to federal office and to help [them] and their campaigns save money, work smarter, and win more often. Progressive States Network: PSN s mission is to  pass progressive legislation in all fifty states by providing coordinated research and strategic advocacy tools to forward-thinking state legislators. Project Vote: This is the voter-mobilization arm of the Soros-funded ACORN. A persistent pattern of lawlessness and corruption has followed ACORN/Project Vote activities over the years. Pro Publica: Claiming that  investigative journalism is at risk,  this group aims to remedy this lacuna in news publishing by  expos[ing] abuses of power and betrayals of the public trust by government, business, and other institutions, using the moral force of investigative journalism to spur reform through the sustained spotlighting of wrongdoing. Proteus Fund: This foundation directs its philanthropy toward a number of radical leftwing organizations.Public Citizen Foundation: Public Citizen seeks increased government intervention and litigation against corporations   a practice founded on the notion that American corporations, like the capitalist system of which they are a part, are inherently inclined toward corruption.Public Justice Center: Viewing America as a nation rife with injustice and discrimination, this organization engages in legislative and policy advocacy to promote  systemic change for the disenfranchised.  Rebuild and Renew America Now (a.k.a. Unity  09): Spearheaded by MoveOn.org and overseen by longtime activist Heather Booth, this coalition was formed to facilitate the passage of President Obama s  historic  $3.5 trillion budget for fiscal year 2010. Res Publica: Seeking to advance far-left agendas in places all around the world, RP specializes in  E-advocacy,  or web-based movement-building.Secretary of State Project: This project was launched in July 2006 as an independent  527  organization devoted to helping Democrats get elected to the office of Secretary of State in selected swing, or battleground, states.Sentencing Project: Asserting that prison-sentencing patterns are racially discriminatory, this initiative advocates voting rights for felons.Social Justice Leadership: This organization seeks to transform an allegedly inequitable America into a  just society  by means of  a renewed social-justice movement. Shadow Democratic Party: This is an elaborate network of non-profit activist groups organized by George Soros and others to mobilize resources   money, get-out-the-vote drives, campaign advertising, and policy initiatives   to elect Democratic candidates and guide the Democratic Party towards the left.Sojourners: This evangelical Christian ministry preaches radical left-wing politics. During the 1980s it championed Communist revolution in Central America and chastised U.S. policy-makers for their tendency  to assume the very worst about their Soviet counterparts.  More recently, Sojourners has taken up the cause of environmental activism, opposed welfare reform as a  mean-spirited Republican agenda,  and mounted a defense of affirmative action.Southern Poverty Law Center: This organization monitors the activities of what it calls  hate groups  in the United States. It exaggerates the prevalence of white racism directed against American minorities.State Voices: This coalition helps independent local activist groups in 22 states work collaboratively on a year-round basis, so as to maximize the impact of their efforts.Talking Transition: This was a two-week project launched in early November 2013 to  help shape the transition  to City Hall for the newly elected Democratic mayor of New York, Bill de Blasio.Think Progress: This Internet blog  pushes back, daily,  by its own account, against its conservative targets, and seeks to transform  progressive ideas into policy through rapid response communications, legislative action, grassroots organizing and advocacy, and partnerships with other progressive leaders throughout the country and the world. Thunder Road Group: This political consultancy, in whose creation Soros had a hand, coordinates strategy for the Media Fund, America Coming Together, and America Votes. Tides Foundation and Tides Center: Tides is a major funder of the radical Left.U.S. Public Interest Research Group: This is an umbrella organization of student groups that support leftist agendas.Universal Healthcare Action Network: This organization supports a single-payer health care system controlled by the federal government.Urban Institute: This research organization favors socialized medicine, expansion of the federal welfare bureaucracy, and tax hikes for higher income-earners.USAction Education Fund: USAction lists its priorities as:  fighting the right wing agenda ;  building grassroots political power ; winning  social, racial and economic justice for all ; supporting a system of taxpayer-funded socialized medicine; reversing  reckless tax cuts for millionaires and corporations  which shield the  wealthy  from paying their  fair share ; advocating for  pro-consumer and environmental regulation of corporate abuse ;  strengthening progressive voices on local, state and national issues ; and working to  register, educate and get out the vote   [to] help progressives get elected at all levels of government. Voto Latino: This group seeks to mobilize Latin-Americans to become registered voters and political activists.We Are America Alliance: This coalition promotes  increased civic participation by immigrants  in the American political process.Working Families Party: An outgrowth of the socialist New Party, WFP seeks to help push the Democratic Party toward the left.World Organization Against Torture: This coalition works closely with groups that condemn Israeli security measures against Palestinian terrorism.YWCA World Office, Switzerland: The YWCA opposes abstinence education; supports universal access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand; and opposes school vouchers.  Secondary  or  Indirect  Affiliates of the George Soros NetworkIn addition to those organizations that are funded directly by George Soros and his Open Society Institute (OSI), there are also numerous  secondary  or  indirect  affiliates of the Soros network. These include organizations which do not receive direct funding from Soros and OSI, but which are funded by one or more organizations that do. -Dr. Rich SwierFor the entire list of secondary groups affiliated with George Soros, go HERE ",0
19622,RIOTERS CHASE DOWN Trump Supporter’s Truck…Attack Him While Screaming “Peaceful Protest”…Throw Bricks,"Portland rioters have been chasing a Trump supporters truck for 8 blocks. pic.twitter.com/ZjYr5c5h5x  Just Call Me Mister (@MisterMetokur) November 11, 2016The rioters then track down the Trump supporter at another light, continue to attack him while screaming  peaceful protest  and throwing bricks:Portland rioters track down Trump supporter at another light, continue to attack him while screaming  peaceful protest  and throwing bricks. pic.twitter.com/zzG91B1aX8  Just Call Me Mister (@MisterMetokur) November 11, 2016",0
19623,"EPIC LIBERAL SMACKDOWN: “Burning Up The Streets, Blocking Roads, Making People Late For Work…I’m Glad I Don’t Live In NYC, Washington, Oregon Because I’d Run Your A*S Over!” [VIDEO]", ,0
19624,DWAYNE ‘THE ROCK’ JOHNSON’S Awesome Message To Americans After The Election: “Lead by example…We got this!”, ,0
19625,FLASHBACK 2015: ANTI-GUN OBSESSED White House Gives Tips On How To Talk About “Gun Control” At Thanksgiving [VIDEO],"Nothing says  Thanksgiving  or  family  like a room full of brain washed liberals sitting around the dinner table talking about ways to strip Americans of their Constitutional rights This Thanksgiving, the Obama administration wants Americans to talk about why Congress won t pass more gun control   but not about Obama s foreign policy failures.During the White House press briefing, Press Secretary Josh Earnest continued to press a narrative set up by gun control activists in response to the terrorist attacks in Paris. As people sitting around the Thanksgiving table talking about these issues as they should and I m sure they will all across the country, I hope that s a question that will be raised and asked by members around the table,  Earnest said, referring to a bill supported by Democrat to ban people on the no-fly list from purchasing a gun.Earnest attributed opposition to the bill from Republicans and some Democrats to  fear  of the National Rifle Association.But as Breitbart News gun reporter AWR Hawkins has noted, the campaign is misguided as the no-fly list is imprecise. A law based on that list could would block innocent individuals from exercising their Second Amendment right to purchase firearms.Via: Breitbart NewsAnd for those who choose to take the pro-American side of the Second Amendment argument, here s a little video you might want to share with your guests:",0
19626,HILLARY JUST CAN’T STOP LYING…Even after she lost the election,"The chance encounter a mother hiking with her daughter had with Hillary Clinton the day after losing the election may not be what it has been made out to seem.Margot Gerster was out hiking with her daughter when she ran into Hillary and Bill Clinton in the upstate New York town of Chappaqua, where the Clintons have a home. She took a photo with the former first lady who beamed from ear to ear, appearing to have had the weight of the world lifted from her shoulders as she stood next to Gerster. Clinton was said to have been out walking her dogs with former president Bill Clinton, when Gerster spotted them.The chance encounter Gerster had with Clinton gained national media attention as it was the first time Clinton had been photographed after losing the election. However, some critics allege that their meeting while hiking was staged and not random at all. Adding more fuel to those claims is the fact that it s actually not the first time they ve met. When Gerster was in high school, her mother held a fundraiser for Clinton at Crabtree s Kittle House in Chappaqua. Gerster and her sister posed for a photo with Clinton inside the restaurant which happens to be one of the politician s favorites, as the siblings smiled next to a beaming Clinton. The fundraiser their family hosted may have been during the period of time Clinton was running for senator or when she served as senator for New York. Read more: DAILY MAIL",0
19627,WOW! Why Florida Jews Deserted Hillary…Helped Trump To Win Florida,"Hillary Clinton matched President Obama s historically low percentage of the Jewish vote, driving a third of Jews into the Republican camp, an unheard of percentage before Obama s pro-Iran policies. Obama also turned Jews off by his blatant personal antipathy to Israel s prime minister, so the question was whether Jews would come back as a voting bloc for Clinton, who is thought of as a friend to Israel by many Jews, merely by association with her husband.The answer is no, Jews did not return to the Democratic fold.The retired Democratic Jews of Florida were a crucial demographic Clinton had to carry, and she didn t, according to Lori Lowenthal Marcus, co-founder of jewschoosetrump.org.Experienced political strategist Dan Rodriguez, founder and CEO of the MGR Group, spent the run-up to Election Day and the big day itself in Florida. In the aftermath of the election, he has been traveling to boards of elections in heavily Jewish voting districts. He explained that from raw data, Jewish votes are difficult to distinguish because they get lumped in with white votes. Yet Clinton  received only 32 percent of the white votes (into which Jewish votes are lumped) in Miami-Dade [County], whereas Obama took 37 percent,  Rodriguez told me. In addition, he said,  voters 45 or older, a significant portion of whom are Jewish, went strongly for Trump, 56 percent to Clinton s 42 percent. Trump also won the support of passionately pro-Israel Las Vegas casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, who may have donated more than $75 million to fuel a much needed ad campaign, which ran on all the sports channels and elsewhere in the final two weeks before the election.   American Thinker ",0
19628,WOW! SCRUBBED 1998 GEORGE SOROS Video Resurfaces!…Admits He Confiscated Property From Jews In WWII…Hung Out With Hillary In Haiti [VIDEO],"Knowing there were problems ahead for the Jews, Soros  father, who was a successful lawyer, bribed a government official to take 14 year old George Soros in and say he was his Christian godson. While hundreds of thousands of Hungarian Jews were being shipped off to the death camps, George Soros accompanied his appointed  godfather  around confiscating property from Jews. George admitted it wasn t difficult at all to take part in taking property from the Jews. Kroft asked Soros if it bothered him?Soros: It created no problem at all.Kroft: No feeling of guilt? Soros: No.Soros makes it very clear in the interview that it didn t really bother him at all. He said he was 14 years old, and that s when his character was formed.Soros: I would say that that s when my character was made. It was a tremendous threat of evil. It was a very personal experience of evil.  Kroft: Do you believe in God?Soros:No.Kroft: Soros told us God was created by man, not the other way around. Here is the video that was just uncovered only hours ago:",0
19629,SORRY LIBERALS…You Can Stop With The Petitions…Hillary Did NOT Win The Popular Vote,"Okay, let s address this  Hillary might win the popular vote, isn t that Electoral College situation just awful  thing head on.No, it s not awful. It s great, and it protects the importance of your vote. It s also uniquely American and demonstrates yet again the once-in-creation brilliance of the Founding Fathers.First of all, she s probably not going to win the actual number of votes cast. She may win the number of votes counted, but not the votes cast.States don t count their absentee ballots unless the number of outstanding absentee ballots is larger than the state margin of difference. If there is a margin of 1,000 votes counted and there are 1,300 absentee ballots outstanding, then the state tabulates those. If the number of outstanding absentee ballots wouldn t influence the election results, then the absentee ballots aren t counted.Who votes by absentee ballot? Students overseas, the military, businesspeople on trips, etc. The historical breakout for absentee ballots is about 67-33% Republican. In 2000, when Al Gore  won  the popular vote nationally by 500,000 votes and the liberal media screamed bloody murder, there were 2 million absentee ballots in California alone. A 67-33 breakout of those yields a 1.33- to 0.667-million Republican vote advantage, so Bush would have gotten a 667,000-vote margin from California s uncounted absentee ballots alone! So much for Gore s 500,000 popular vote  victory.  (That was the headline on the N.Y. Times, and it was the lead story on NBC Nightly News, right? No? You re kidding.)Getting back to the  win the popular vote/lose the Electoral College  scenario: Thank G-d we have that, or else California and N.Y. would determine every election. Every time.But the Electoral College brilliantly smooths out the variances in the voting proclivities among states and regions. Farmers in the middle of the country and importers and exporters on the shore get roughly equal say, as do Madison Ave. execs and factory workers in Tennessee.Shortcomings? Sure. The E.C. can make an R vote meaningless in a very few heavily D states or vice versa. But without the Electoral College, the country s entire population is subject to the disproportionate voting preferences of the few most populous states.  American Thinker ",0
19630,26 BASEMENT DWELLERS ARRESTED In Oregon Riots…Police Post Pictures Of Suspects…Ask For Help To Identify Pro-Hillary Rioters,"Thanks to George Soros, at least 26 couches in the basements of Oregon parents will be vacant for a while. Anarchists and rioters paid by Soros organizations and Democrat sore losers will spend some time in jail and will be facing charges for their violent and destructive behavior. Of course the sentences these radicals get will depend on the judges who hear their cases. This action is following burning projectiles being thrown at officers.  Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) November 12, 2016Can You IDME? Riot Vandalism & Assault Suspect https://t.co/QJ4kiAHyzd #CanYouIDME pic.twitter.com/zBQBkuxzxW  Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) November 12, 2016Police are looking for this guy who caused over $200,000 in damages: Can You IDME? Riot Vandalism Suspect https://t.co/AfynIElcbz #CanYouIDME pic.twitter.com/c92umDftsm  Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) November 12, 2016Can You IDME? Vandalism Riot Suspect https://t.co/IbSCEsWL9f #CanYouIDME pic.twitter.com/ZnGYZkFh1G  Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) November 13, 2016These thugs are likely not going to be missed by their parents:25 People Arrested in Thursday Night Riot in Portland (Photo) https://t.co/oas2XpzoHw pic.twitter.com/ikipWaoqB1  Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) November 11, 2016",0
19631,HOT OR NOT? Are Trump Properties Selling Like Hotcakes? [Video],"One agent   Gilad Azaria   has 7 listings in Trump buildings, and since the election he s had 4  serious buyers  in the $3 million range. He also says 2 of his clients who already live in Trump properties want to trade up in the same buildings to more expensive places. The agents with whom we spoke say the Trump properties are top quality, and the brand is now stronger than ever. Celeb agents Josh and Matt Altman say it s a no-brainer   living in a building owned by the president is awesome   and a super good investment. Via: TMZ",0
19632,"KICK BUTT MOM Sends BRUTAL Message to Rioting, Crybaby Anti-Trump Punks: “If you’re on any government assistance…I would cut you off!”","This isn t the first time outspoken conservative grandmother Peggy Hubbard has offered her opinion on organized groups of thugs who disrupt cities, roadways and residential areas in an attempt to gain sympathy for their cause. Here she is 2 years ago giving the Ferguson rioters a piece of her mind:",0
19633,HERE’S HOW ONE MAN Stopped Huge Riot Ready To Attack His Apartment Building [Video],Watch the video below and you ll understand that this man did exactly what any armed person should do. Great job!Via: Legal Insurrection,0
19634,VICIOUS! PORTLAND RIOTERS ATTACK Pregnant Woman With Baseball Bat [Video], ,0
19635,ROBERT DENIRO Wanted “To Punch Trump In The Face”…Supports Anti-Trump Rioters…Now Wants Americans To Support His New Movie [VIDEO],"Robert De Niro gave anti-Donald Trump protesters across the United States his backing Friday as he spoke about how  depressed  the tycoon s win in the presidential election had made him.The 73-year-old star was on the red carpet at the world premiere of his new film  The Comedian  in Los Angeles when he was asked how he was coping with Trump s victory over Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. How am I doing? I m very depressed,  the famously laconic  Raging Bull  actor told reporters. We have to just wait and see how things go and keep our eyes ever vigilant on the new government. Asked if he thought the protests were an appropriate response to the outcome of Tuesday s election, he replied:  Yes, absolutely. Things aren t being done right. Demonstrators took to the streets in Miami, Los Angeles, New York and other US cities for a third straight night on Friday.In Manhattan, they held signs reading  Your Wall Can t Stand in Our Way    a reference to the anti-immigration barrier the billionaire has promised to build on the US border with Mexico.De Niro hasn t minced his words in his criticism of Trump, describing him as  a punk,   a pig  and  an idiot. I d like to punch him in the face,  he said before the election.Earlier in the day a town in southern Italy where De Niro s grandparents came from offered the actor a means of escape. If, after the disappointment of Trump, he wants to take refuge here, we are ready to welcome him,  said Antonio Cerio, the mayor of Ferrazzano. The Comedian,  De Niro s passion project which took him eight years to bring to the big screen, was part of this year s program for the American Film Institute s annual AFI Fest in Los Angeles.   YahooHere s a clip of Trump-hater Megyn Kelly promoting DiNero s hateful rant against Donald J. Trump:",0
19636,SEVEN BRUTAL REALITIES OF LIFE Crybaby Millennials Need To Learn…NOW!,"THE SEVEN HARSH REALITIES THAT THE MILLENNIAL SNOWFLAKES NEED TO LEARN:1. Your Feelings Are Largely Irrelevant2. You Cannot Be Whatever You Want To Be3. Gender Studies Is A Waste Of Money4. If You Live In America, You re Already In The 1%5. You Don t Have A Right To It Just Because You Exist6. You DO Have The Right To Live As You Please   But Not To Demand People Accept It7. The Only Safe Space Is Your HomeRead more: Zero Hedge",0
19637,SHOCKING ATTACK: High School Girl Brutally Beaten For Supporting Trump [Video],"The leftist teachers and the press are part of the HUGE problem of misinformation about Donald Trump. They are partly to blame for the violence and hate out there. Here s a perfect example: A self-described mentor for the girl who attacked Jade urged compassion for the suspended student.  We don t want a mistake during a highly emotional and intense time to affect her long-term future,  said Khabral Muhammad, a life coach at Live in Peace, a nonprofit group supporting East Palo Alto youth. WOODSIDE, Calif.   One Peninsula high school student s support of Donald Trump may have made her a target.The Woodside High School student and her family are shocked something like this could happen. The girl said all of her friends were posting about the election last night, but her post got her beat up.Cellphone video captured the moment a female student attacked sophomore Jade Armenio. This girl comes up to me and she said,  Do you hate Mexicans?  and I was like,  no,  and she said,  You support Trump. You hate Mexicans.' Armenio says the girl hit her, threw her to the ground, pulled out her earrings and hair. She was left with a bloody nose and scratches and bruises. Before the results came in on election night, Armenio had posted on Instagram that she hoped Trump would win. I don t think I could name one person on any of my accounts who didn t say their opinion last night,  Armenio said.Armenio s parents say they re mortified about what happened. My husband and I don t put our political views on social media. Kids still do it. That s their life. We tell them don t do it, but even if she does she should never be hit like that,  said Gina Armenio.The principle of Woodside High School issued a statement that reads in part the recorded incident was investigated in conjunction with law enforcement and appropriate disciplinary action has been taken.Armenio says she s also now the target of social media hate mail but she s taking it in stride. In high school if you really care about what every person thinks you re going to get torn apart,  Armenio said.Armenio parents say they are keeping her out of school until they know she ll be safe.If only this poor pro-Trump child had just worn #safetypins perhaps this wouldn't have happened pic.twitter.com/w07rO9OOo2   ia?GiveMeTears? (@nia4_trump) November 12, 2016 ",0
19638,HUNDREDS VOTING FROM THE GRAVE In This California County Stirs Investigation [Video],"A comparison of records by David Goldstein, investigative reporter for CBS2/KCAL9, has revealed hundreds of so-called dead voters in Southern California, a vast majority of them in Los Angeles County. He took a lot of time choosing his candidates,  said Annette Givans of her father, John Cenkner.Cenkner died in Palmdale in 2003. Despite this, records show that he somehow voted from the grave in 2004, 2005, 2006, 2008 and 2010.But he s not the only one.CBS2 compared millions of voting records from the California Secretary of State s office with death records from the Social Security Administration and found hundreds of so-called dead voters.Specifically, 265 in Southern California and a vast majority of them, 215, in Los Angeles County alone.The numbers come from state records that show votes were cast in that person s name after they died. In some cases, Goldstein discovered that they voted year after year.Across all counties, Goldstein uncovered 32 dead voters who cast ballots in eight elections apiece, including a woman who died in 1988. Records show she somehow voted in 2014, 26 years after she passed away.It remains unclear how the dead voters voted but 86 were registered Republicans, 146 were Democrats, including Cenkner. He s a diehard Democrat, and I was thinking that if somebody was voting under his name, he s probably rolling in his grave if they were voting Republican,  Givans said.She said her dad always voted at the polls, only now records show someone else may be casting his vote. It just astounds me. I don t understand how anybody can get away with that,  she said.And then there s Julita Abutin.Records show she voted in Norwalk in 2014, 2012, 2010 and 2008 though she died in 2006.Abutin s daughter, Marivic, says it s impossible that her mother voted.But the Los Angeles County Registrar confirms they have signed vote-by-mail envelopes with her mother s name for the 2014 and 2012 election, though she died 10 years ago.Edward Carbajal Jr. s father died in La Puente in 2001 but state records show a vote was cast in his father s name in eight elections after he passed away.It s possible as a junior, election officials mistakenly attributed the vote to his father. There is no way to tell from CBS2 s data but he wonders why his dad is still registered. I mean, that should be something that everybody that s involved with these types of things should know who s alive and who isn t,  he said.The Los Angeles County Registrar told CBS2:  We remove 1200 to 2000 deceased records from the database per month. But the news station checked all of the dead voters from LA County on the Registrar s website and found 212 of the 215 were still registered and eligible to vote in next month s presidential primary election. It s very troubling because it basically dilutes the voice of the lawful voter,  said Ellen Swensen with the  True the Vote,  a nationwide voter-rights group. What it does is every single vote that s cast by a dead voter actually cancels out a vote of a lawful voter cause if they voted for one candidate and you voted let s say for another, your vote got canceled out,  she said.As Goldstein reports, it was all supposed to change after the hanging chads incident in Florida in the 2000 presidential election. Congress passed the Help America Vote Act in 2002, which mandated sweeping reforms, including a statewide voter registration system that would eliminate ineligible voters.But California is the only state that s still not compliant with the act. Secretary of State Alex Padilla hopes to have it compliant later this year.  The problem is California has been the most derelict state in the country in implementing statewide databases that are required under federal law. They just blew it off for over a decade,  said Adams.Read more: CBSLA",0
19639,WOW! ONE COURAGEOUS MAN Stands Against Rioters Holding Best Sign Ever!, ,0
19640,JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO: Rioters Need To Pay The Price With Prosecution! [Video], ,0
19641,PORTLAND RIOTS: Is Obama Risking A Dangerous Game Of Violence And Anarchy? [Video], ,0
19642,"AFTER 8 Years Of Silence From Obama On Cop Killings, Race Riots, Burning Cities To Ground…NYT’s Calls On Trump To “Denounce Hate” [VIDEO]","Here s just one of many discussions of assassinating Trump onTwitter: Here s a sweet little girl on Twitter who appears to be Hispanic with a vile anti-Trump message, showing a picture of a bloodied and body-less  Trump head  that appears to be sitting on a bed:Even this writer, who allegedly works for The Guardian was openly calling for Trump s assassination: Here s a touching story about an 11 year old boy who was beaten by his classmates after he admitted to voting for Trump in a mock-election at school:https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/796883706950676480And unbelievably, the media weighs in on the  fear  that pro-Hillary Americans are feeling right now.That's strange, Harry Reid, because all I've seen over the last 48 hours is Trump supporters being violently attacked. pic.twitter.com/GDrp9GPtCa  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 11, 2016In his victory speech early Wednesday morning, Donald Trump pledged that he  will be president for all Americans,  and he asked those who did not support him  for your guidance and your help so that we can work together and unify our great country. Here s some guidance right off the bat, Mr. President-elect: Those sentiments will have more force if you immediately and unequivocally repudiate the outpouring of racist, sexist, xenophobic, anti-Semitic and homophobic insults, threats and attacks being associated with your name. Do this in a personal plea to people who supported your candidacy. Tell them this is not what you stand for, nor is it what your new administration will tolerate.Explicit expressions of bigotry and hatred by Trump supporters were common throughout the campaign, and they have become even more intense since his election. On a department-store window in Philadelphia, vandals spray-painted  Sieg Heil 2016  and Mr. Trump s name written with a swastika. In a Minnesota high-school bathroom, vandals scrawled the Trump campaign slogan,  Make America Great Again,  and next to it,  Go back to Africa.  There are many more reports pouring in of verbal and physical harassment of Muslims, Latinos and other members of minorities. Though not all are verifiable, the atmosphere of intimidation and fear is unquestionably real and will keep growing. Mr. Trump may not be able to stop it by himself, but he must do everything he can.The problem, of course, is that Mr. Trump s campaign was based on appeals   some explicit, some coded   to racial and ethnic resentment and division. His followers heard it starting with his speech declaring his candidacy, warning of Mexican immigrant  rapists,  continuing to a rally last weekend where he promised to bar all Syrian refugees because they  will import generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism into your schools and throughout your communities.  These statements emboldened and even encouraged those who have been looking for a license to lash out against immigrants, refugees, minorities and anyone else they find threatening. They take his victory as vindication of their feelings.Here are paid protesters and anarchists destroying public property and fighting with each other. Men are openly punching women as other women beg them to stop. But this is probably Trump s fault. He should just come out and denounce the  hate  against him and they ll all go home to their parents basements .right?Smashing an electrical box with a baseball bat while dozens of people stand nearby.The Alt-Left in action. #TrumpRiot pic.twitter.com/Gx2PWSEWgw  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 11, 2016And finally, from the NYT s:As a candidate, Mr. Trump could get away with ignoring racist and sexist abuse by his supporters. But as the president-elect, he has the moral duty to reject it in the most aggressive terms. There should be no space in American political discourse for violent or abusive behavior. And that includes, of course, acts of vandalism and other violence by anti-Trump demonstrators. ",0
19643,WHY Ugly HATE And DIVISION In America Is Actually Obama’s Fault [VIDEO],"This is Obama s legacy of hate and division, and the acceptable use of strong-arm tactics to silence the opposition ",0
19644,UPDATE ON MONSTER MOM Who Kicked Little Boy Out Of Home For Voting Trump At School…”We don’t do Donald Trump here!” [VIDEO],"JUSTICE FOR CHILDREN WITHOUT VOICES: We have spoken to Detective Luerra with Arcola Police Department and confirmed that the children seen in the video are safe and a case now has been opened. Arcola Police Department is diligently working with CPS and the District Attorney s Office. We want to send a HUGE thank you to Deputy Fisherhill and Detective Luerra for the fast response in making sure these children are safe. And a huge thank you to all of our members who gave this child a voice and helped us get the info to the correct investigating department. We look forward to working with this department, and with all of you, in the future as we advocate for our children and ensure them a voice! Thank you!  When in the course of raising awareness, alarmism occurs, we would do well, as a civilized society, to acknowledge those alarming statistics and act accordingly. We should never allow ourselves to believe falsely that awareness is enough when action is required.  ~Quote By: Justice For Children Without Voices You wanna hmmmm vote for him? Imma show you! Evan get your suitcase and get out! We don t do Donald Trump here. Bye! https://twitter.com/realVivaEuropa/status/797066325030014977",0
19645,NAILS IT! MIKE ROWE On Why Trump Won…Hillary Supporters Won’t Like This! [Video],"This is fantastic! Mike Rowe tells a fan why Trump won nails it! Here is Rowe s post from his Facebook page:Hey Mike. You ve been very quiet. Everything OK? I just wanted you to know that I voted for you. I was also hoping you might explain what the hell happened on Tuesday, and say something to make me feel better about my fellow man. Thanks,Carol SavoyWell, Mike answered Carol and he did so in a very thorough fashion.Hi CarolLast Friday, my dog posted a video that featured a man licking a cat with the aid of a device that s designed for the specific purpose of making it easier for people to lick their cats.I ve been silent ever since, because frankly, I couldn t think of a better way   metaphorical or otherwise   to express my feelings about this election cycle. The entire country it seems, has been preoccupied with finding a way to lick a cat without actually putting their tongue on it.Too oblique? Too weird? Ok, how about this analysis:Back in 2003, a very unusual TV pilot called Dirty Jobs, Forrest-Gumped its way onto The Discovery Channel and found an audience   a big one. For Discovery, this was a problem. You see, Dirty Jobs didn t look like anything else on their channel. It wasn t pretty or careful. It took place in sewers and septic tanks, and featured a subversive host in close contact with his 8-year old inner child who refused to do second takes. Everyone agreed that Dirty Jobs was totally  off-brand  and completely inappropriate for Discovery. Everyone but the viewers. The ratings were just too big to ignore, so the pilot got a green-light, and yours truly finally got a steady gig.But here s the thing   Dirty Jobs didn t resonate because the host was incredibly charming. It wasn t a hit because it was gross, or irreverent, or funny, or silly, or smart, or terribly clever. Dirty Jobs succeeded because it was authentic. It spoke directly and candidly to a big chunk of the country that non-fiction networks had been completely ignoring. In a very simple way, Dirty Jobs said  Hey   we can see you,  to millions of regular people who had started to feel invisible. Ultimately, that s why Dirty Jobs ran for eight seasons. And today, that s also why Donald Trump is the President of the United States.I know people are freaked out, Carol. I get it. I m worried too. But not because of who we elected. We ve survived 44 Presidents, and we ll survive this one too. I m worried because millions of people now seem to believe that Trump supporters are racist, xenophobic, and uneducated misogynists. I m worried because despising our candidates publicly is very different than despising the people who vote for them.For what it s worth, Carol, I don t think Donald Trump won by tapping into America s  racist underbelly,  and I don t think Hillary lost because she s a woman. I think a majority of people who voted in this election did so in spite of their many misgivings about the character of both candidates. That s why it s very dangerous to argue that Clinton supporters condone lying under oath and obstructing justice. Just as it s equally dangerous to suggest a Trump supporter condones gross generalizations about foreigners and women.These two candidates were the choices we gave ourselves, and each came with a heaping helping of vulgarity and impropriety. Yeah, it was dirty job for sure, but the winner was NOT decided by a racist and craven nation   it was decided by millions of disgusted Americans desperate for real change. The people did not want a politician. The people wanted to be seen. Donald Trump convinced those people that he could see them. Hillary Clinton did not.As for me, I m flattered by your support, but grateful that your vote was not enough to push me over the top. However, when the dust settles, and The White House gets a new tenant, I ll make the same offer to President Trump that I did to President Obama   to assist as best I can in any attempt to reinvigorate the skilled trades, and shine a light on millions of good jobs that no one seems excited about pursuing.Like those 3 million  shovel ready  jobs we heard so much about eight years ago, the kind of recovery that Donald Trump is promising will require a workforce that s properly trained and sufficiently enthused about the opportunities at hand. At the moment, we do not have that work force in place. What we do have, are tens of millions of capable people who have simply stopped looking for work, and millions of available jobs that no one aspires to do. That s the skills gap, and it s gotta close. If mikeroweWORKS can help, we re standing by.If not, I suppose we ll just have to find another way to lick the cat.MikeBe sure to check out Mike s Facebook page. ",0
19646,SEATTLE CITY COUNCILWOMAN Incites Riot…Vows To Shut Down Trump Inauguration [Video], ,0
19647,BOOM! This Is How President Reagan Handled Protesters: “Negotiate? What is there to negotiate?” [Video],Ronald Reagan shut down the Berkeley protests many years ago THIS is how you do it! ,0
19648,PORTLAND POLICE Call Violent Anti-Trump Protesters “Anarchists”…Upgrading Protests To Full-Blown “RIOTS…One Person Hit By Car…KILLED,"Here s what the election map for Crooked Hillary vs. Trump in Oregon looked:Due to extensive criminal and dangerous behavior, protest is now considered a riot. Crowd has been advised.  Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) November 11, 2016Those not wanting to be associated w/anarchists should leave the area immediately. Peaceful protesters encouraged to go to Pioneer Square  Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) November 11, 2016Finally .police are not saying the woman who was hit by a car and killed was part of the anti-Trump protests, but the accident did happen near area of protests according to Twitter users. ",0
19649,DEAR ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTERS: “Your Behavior Is Why Trump Won In The First Place” [VIDEO]," You re carrying Mexican flags while chanting,  Trump is not my President.  You know that this is America right? ***Language warning***",0
19650,WOW! LIBERAL ELECTION FRAUD EXPERT: Trump Landslide Was Enough To Counter Potential Massive Voter Fraud Effort By Hillary Campaign [VIDEO], ,0
19651,HILLARY SUPPORTER SAYS MURDERS WILL HAPPEN At Anti-Trump Riots: “There Will Be Casualties On Both Sides….People Have To Die To Make A Change…” [VIDEO],"Keep in mind, a group funded by one of Hillary and Barack Obama s largest campaign contributors globalist, George Soros is advertising to pay people to attend these violent rallies.https://youtu.be/Td4-UeLqikc",0
19652,BOOM! MATH SHOWS Trump Would Have Beaten Obama In Romney-Obama Election,"It s easy to glance at Tuesday s popular vote   which, with 92 percent of all precincts reporting, shows Hillary Clinton with six million fewer votes than Barack Obama won in 2012   and reach the conclusion that Clinton lost the White House because she failed to turn out the Democratic base. But the truth is much more complicated. While she underperformed relative to Obama s 2012 totals in several Midwestern states   Ohio, Michigan, Iowa, and Wisconsin   Clinton ran virtually even with Obama in the battlegrounds of Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Virginia, Nevada, and New Hampshire. What s more, she far surpassed Obama s 2012 vote total in Florida, the country s biggest swing state. Yet somehow, while Obama carried Florida, Clinton lost it. Which brings us to an important question: Was Donald Trump just good enough to beat a bad Democratic opponent on Tuesday, or does he deserve far more credit?A review of vote totals in the past two elections reveals that Trump 2016 would have defeated Obama 2012 in the electoral college. (Disclaimer: This obviously is an apples-to-oranges exercise because no two elections are the same, nor are any two electorates. Still, unlike debating whether the 2016 Cubs would defeat the 1927 Yankees, this is not an entirely abstract argument; a comparison of their respective performances in the country s most competitive states shows Trump edging Obama in a hypothetical head-to-head matchup.) The math might seem impossible. After all, Obama won nearly 66 million votes in 2012; Trump is currently at 59.5 million and should finish around 60 million, which will actually be one million fewer votes than Mitt Romney won. How, then, could Trump have topped Obama in the electoral college? The answer: Republican turnout lagged in certain parts of the country but shot through the roof in the nation s most critical battleground states. Let s look at them individually, in descending order by population, and do the electoral-vote math. The 2016 totals aren t yet final because not all precincts have reported.FLORIDA   29 EVs   98 percent reportingObama 2012: 4,235,270Clinton 2016: 4,485,745Romney 2012: 4,162,081Trump 2016: 4,605,515Conclusion: Trump beats Obama by some 370,000 votes and wins Florida. (Note: Clinton herself won 250,000 more votes in Florida than Obama did in 2012.) PENNSYLVANIA   20 EVs   97 percent reportingObama 2012: 2,907,448Clinton 2016: 2,844,705Romney 2012: 2,619,583Trump 2016: 2,912,941Conclusion: Trump squeezes past Obama by a margin of some 5,000 votes and wins Pennsylvania. (Note: Clinton runs about 60,000 votes behind Obama, but would ve had more than enough to defeat Romney in 2012.) OHIO   18 EVs   94 percent reportingObama 2012: 2,697,260Clinton 2016: 2,317,001Romney 2012: 2,593,779Trump 2016: 2,771,984Conclusion: Trump edges Obama by roughly 75,000 votes and wins Ohio. (Note: Clinton s worst battleground state showing was Ohio, winning 380,000 [!] fewer votes than Obama.)Stop right there and crunch the numbers: Florida (29) + Pennsylvania (20) + Ohio (18) = 67 EVs.Romney finished with 206 EVs. By protecting all of those, and then taking 67 from Obama, Trump would hit 273 and win the presidency.The question: Did Trump 2016 defeat Obama 2012 in all of the states Romney won? Yes. Here s a look at the competitive ones:  NORTH CAROLINA (98 percent reporting):Trump 2,339,603  Obama 2,178,388  ARIZONA (73 percent reporting):Trump 947,284  Obama 930,669  GEORGIA (93 percent reporting):Trump 2,068,623  Obama 1,761,761  UTAH (78 percent reporting):Trump 360,634  Obama 229,463A review of the Romney 2012 states confirms that Trump, in this hypothetical matchup, would have carried every single one against Obama. It doesn t matter that Obama would have trounced Trump by nearly 300,000 votes in Michigan; by more than 200,000 in Wisconsin; by 175,000 in Virginia; and by 160,000 in Colorado. It s similarly meaningless that Obama would have narrowly defeated Trump in Iowa, Nevada, and New Hampshire. The 44th president carried all of those states in 2012, and in this hypothetical contest, he would successfully defend all of them. But it wouldn t be enough. The electoral college would produce a razor-thin margin: Trump 273, Obama 265.Via: National Review ",0
19653,RIDICULOUS! NBC STIRS UP FEAR Of A Trump Presidency With Zero Credible Reasons…They Think We’re Stupid,"During the first half of their extended post-election coverage Wednesday evening, NBC Nightly News seemed to be setting the ground work for four years of a President Donald Trump all while stoking the left s anxieties.  There were gasps around the world. Headlines,  Trumpocalypse  and  Disunited States  hyped NBC s Chief Foreign Correspondent Richard Engel as he delved into the ridiculous,  But there are deeper concerns tonight that the world s shining light of democracy has gone dark. You cannot look at President Trump and call the American president the leader of the free world  fretted the leftist Eurasia Group President Ian Bremmer to Engel,  Because America has increasingly abdicated its legitimacy to that title. Engel claimed that the only world leaders to welcome a President Trump was a vast array of some of the world worst despots,  Those welcoming the most were right-wing parties, who rushed to embrace Trump as their new hero.  Engels was eager to tie as many of them to Trump as possible: He s like me,  joked the Filipino president, accused of turning his police into anti-narco death squads. Egypt s General Sisi, who came to power in a coup bragged he was the first foreign leader to congratulate Trump. And Hungary s Victor Orban who did wall out his country to keep out refugees called Trump  great news.  And of course, Russia s Vladimir Putin. ",0
19654,BREAKING: 5 People Shot At Anti-Trump Protest…All Are In Critical Condition [VIDEO],"This is 1 of 7 anti-Trump rallies raging across America. Wouldn t it make sense for Obama and Soros to prey on the anger so many Americans are feeling right now over Trump s win?According to social media posts by KOMO-TV and other sources, multiple people were shot Wednesday in Seattle during protests over election results.At least five people have reportedly been shot and all are said to have critical injuries.Seattle Asst. Chief says that a lone suspect was in a crowd near or watching the anti-Trump protests, when an argument of some sort developed. One of the people in the argument stepped away, fired back into the crowd at the person or people with whom he was arguing.At least some of the wounded are believed to be innocent bystanders waiting for a bus. Only one man is seriously injured. The four other injuries are believed to be to the lower extremities.VICTIM UPDATE: All five people shot were taken to Harborview Medical Center in Seattle. Hospital spokeswoman Susan Gregg told The Associated Press that two men and one woman were in critical condition and that two men were in serious condition Wednesday night. Later Wednesday, Gregg said the condition of the woman had been upgraded to serious.Authorities were on the scene within 60 seconds, as police and EMS were staged just down the street due to the protests.The suspect is still at large.   Bearing ArmsSEATTLE, WA   NOW REPORTED 5 SHOOTING VICTIMS   ALL REPORTED W/CRITICAL INJURIES   MCI DECLARED #BREAKING https://t.co/7c1rakpPAg https://t.co/DFFUsmar4M  Alertpage Inc. (@alertpage) November 10, 2016LIVE on #Periscope: Anti-Trump protest takes to the streets in downtown Seattle #komonews https://t.co/QclXVo02ol  KOMO News (@komonews) November 10, 2016Here is a Craig s List  ad that was sent to us looking for Hillary supporters to join protesters to join them in NYC: ",0
19655,SPECTACULAR! LEFTIST MEDIA MELTS DOWN When They Realize America Didn’t Buy Their Lies…Elected Trump Anyhow [VIDEO],"They pulled every trick in the book. From manufactured polls designed to discourage Trump supporters from going to vote on election day, to an all-out assassination attempt on his character, you ve gotta hand it to these propagandists, there wasn t a dirty trick they didn t try. Trump took abuse by the media like no other Presidential candidate before him. Even after our dishonest media was caught working behind the scenes with Crooked Hillary, her campaign and the DNC, they still came at Trump with a shameless vengeance like we ve never seen. What the media didn t understand however, was that every time we saw Trump alone in the ring against a mob of unruly leftist  journalists  fighting back with everything he had, it only strengthened our resolve.In Trump, Americans saw something that s been missing from our politicians for decades, we saw someone who was actually willing o fight for our nation on our behalf. We saw someone who wasn t going to concede to political correctness, or to give our lying media respect they didn t deserve. Every time he called them out for their dishonesty, Americans cheered.  Every time they hit Trump with another lie, or worked in unison to impugn his character, he always managed to come back even stronger than before.Trump wasn t interested in playing by the media s rules, and they did everything in their power to punish him for not playing along. Along the way, he brilliantly exposed them as nothing more than an extension of Hillary Clinton s campaign. And so it is, with great pleasure we share with you some of the best liberal media meltdowns post-Trumpocalypse MSNBC s Rachel Maddow typically has a very arrogant way about her. Funny, the attitude seems to have disappeared:Yes, this is real life . https://t.co/NEU67a7U1o  Maddow Blog (@MaddowBlog) October 8, 2016NBC s Chuck Todd and Lester Holt were two of Hilary s biggest cheerleaders. They just can t seem to figure out how they failed to convince America we needed Hillary as our next President:.@chucktodd on Trump: ""He blew all of our predictions, and models, and you name it out of the water."" #ElectionNight https://t.co/kt1fOMHXWu  MSNBC (@MSNBC) November 9, 2016It s bad enough that MSNBC s Chris Matthews has to deal with a Republican President, but how will he EVER be able to deal with a  xenophobic  Republican majority House and Senate?What will a Trump presidency mean for the future of our immigration laws? https://t.co/KqtMftSfwU  Hardball (@hardball) November 10, 2016Debate hack Martha Raddatz was in full meltdown mode:CNN s Dana Bash explains to Brooke Baldwin how people who voted for Trump really don t like him.",0
19656,LOL! LIBERALS ACCUSE MAN Of Voter Intimidation For Reminding ILLEGAL ALIENS It’s Against The Law To Vote [VIDEO], ,0
19657,CALIFORNIA PROTESTS HEAT UP: Students Walk Out Of Class Claim “Trump Isn’t Our President”," Thousands of students from Berkeley High School walked out of class and flooded the UC Berkeley campus Wednesday morning in protest of Tuesday night s general election victory for Republican nominee Donald Trump.The outraged reaction to the announcement of Trump s victory follows the chaotic scene earlier this morning, when a crowd of about 200 people   comprising largely UC Berkeley students   marched from campus down Telegraph Avenue to Oakland City Hall.NOTE THE MEXICAN FLAGS: Students planned to begin a different protest against Trump beginning Wednesday at noon, while activist group BAMN also announced an  Emergency Response Protest  later in the evening.Students from BHS and UC Berkeley swelling at the base of the Campanile chanted,  Trump loves hate  and  Not our president  while a news helicopter circled overhead. I m here because Trump discriminates against many, many minorities, but if we can unite together, then we ll make a majority against him, which is what we need to do to survive this,  said Gigi Mancuso-Jackson, a BHS freshman at the protest.Via: DailyCal",0
19658,“STOP BLAMING WHITE PEOPLE For Trump’s Win Last Night…America Voted For Actual Change” [VIDEO],"Stop blaming white people for Trumps win last night. America voted for actual change. pic.twitter.com/UlISJcOIIg  Stacy Washington (@StacyOnTheRight) November 9, 2016",0
19659,"AL SHARPTON Blames Racism For Trump Victory, Then Says He’s Not Gonna Blame Anyone [VIDEO]"," I think we are in a real moment like Nixon ??? He [Trump] did all of the dogwhistles. This is not Bernie Sanders populism, this is George Wallace populism that he s doing. But he cannot say he did not run a campaign that has created a lot of racial fears and a lot of divisiveness and he played to the crowd and he knew what he was playing to. [Is he talking about Obama?]I know him here in New York. He knew exactly what he was doing. He was playing to the worst elements. The question is now what are you going to do? ",0
19660,OBAMA’S COMMUNIST CRONY Van Jones Worries About What He’ll “Tell His Children” Now That America Won! [VIDEO], ,0
19661,OBAMA UNLEASHES HUNDREDS Of Intelligence Agents To “Protect Elections” From Outside Forces…Hacker known as “Guccifer 2.0” Warns Of Threat “From INSIDE The System”,"We all know by now that the biggest threat to the integrity of our vote is our very own President, the Democrat Party and their operatives. LOL! Russians are the least of our concerns The U.S. government is gearing up for an unprecedented effort to protect Tuesday s presidential election from cyber attack, U.S. officials told NBC News. There are a lot of eyes on this presidential election   more than there normally would be,  a senior Obama administration official said.Cyber centers at the Department of Homeland Security, the Justice Department and the FBI   as well as the Pentagon, the CIA and other intelligence agencies   will be on alert, with extra staff hunting for any possible threat, officials say.The concern is so high, intelligence officials told NBC, that for the first time, hundreds of military and intelligence cyber experts who work out of top secret facilities, including underground bunkers, will be monitoring intelligence about a U.S. presidential election. They will react to any threat to the federal government s communication and command systems. It s all hands on deck,  a senior intelligence official said.U.S. officials have accused Russia of using cyber operations to meddle in the election, hacking into Democratic Party accounts and leaking the material to embarrass the Hillary Clinton campaign.American officials are worried Russia will use its cyber capabilities to try to disrupt the presidential election itself, possibly by releasing fake documents and creating bogus social media accounts designed to spread misinformation.On Tuesday, former NATO commander Admiral James Stavridis told CNBC his concerns about possible Russian activity included a dump of false documents and an attack on the U.S. power grid. There is maybe a one in three chance of this happening but it s not insignificant,  said Stavridis.On Friday the hacker known as  Guccifer 2.0    which U.S. officials say is a front for Russian intelligence   tweeted a threat to monitor the U.S. elections  from inside the system.    NBC",0
19662,UNDERCOVER JOURNALIST In Burka Is Offered Huma Abedin’s Ballot [Video], ,0
19663,SPEAKER SCHEDULED TO Praise Hillary Totally Trashes Her…Taken Off Stage By Security [Video],"A Bernie Sanders supporter who slammed Hillary Clinton at her own rally in Iowa was kicked off stage after urging attendees not to vote for Clinton because you can t trust her.Kaleb Vanfosson, president of Iowa State University s Students for Bernie chapter, trashed Clinton s ties to Wall Street and lack of empathy for the average American. She is so trapped in the world of the elite that she has completely lost grip on what it s like to be an average person,  Vanfosson said, as cheers erupted from the audience.  She doesn t care.  He s no Trump fan but this was supposed to be a glowing endorsement of Hillary Clinton  Read more: BPR",0
19664,ONE DEMOCRAT WHO REFUSES To Cast Electoral Vote For Crooked Hillary Could End It All For Her [VIDEO],"Trump is going to win in a landslide, but wouldn t it be a delicious irony to see a male Bernie supporter have the power to keep her from assuming a role she stole from his guy several months ago It s the Electoral College that determines the President, not the popular vote. And the Electoral College is made up of Electors.Usually, the Electoral College is a formality. Electors vote for whomever won their state.This year, there s a hiccup. A Democrat Elector in Washington state says he won t vote for Hillary.Washington state is almost certainly going for Hillary.If this man won t vote for Hillary, he could keep her from getting the 270 electoral votes needed to win the Presidency.Here s what he said:Robert Satiacum is a Bernie fan. He thinks the Democrat primary was rigged. He thinks Hillary cheated. So he won t vote for her.Watch Satiacum letting everyone know he s not joking around:The Seattle Times reported: No, no, no on Hillary. Absolutely not. No way,  said Robert Satiacum, a member of Washington s Puyallup Tribe who had supported Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders as the Democratic presidential nominee. He had earlier told various media outlets he was wrestling with whether his conscience would allow him to support Clinton and was considering stepping aside for an alternate elector. But on Friday, he sounded firm, even if the election is close.  I hope it comes down to a swing vote and it s me,  he said.  Good. She ain t getting it. Maybe it ll wake this country up. And the Seattle Times says there s another Elector in Washington state who might do the same thing:Bret Chiafalo, a Democratic elector from Everett who is also a Sanders supporter, said he is considering exercising his right to be a  conscientious elector  and vote for the person he believes would be the best president.  I have no specific plans, but I have not ruled out that possibility,  he said. Via: American Lookout",0
19665,HEY VOTERS…IT’S NOT OVER! Pay-To-Play Hillary And Her “Non-Profit” Foundation Are STILL Under FBI Investigation,"Republican National Committee (RNC) Chairman Reince Priebus reacted to FBI Director James Comey s letter on Sunday informing Congress the agency will not change its previous decision to not recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton in the e-mail probe.Priebus released the following statement reminding voters the FBI continues to investigate the Clinton Foundation: The FBI s findings from its criminal investigation of Hillary Clinton s secret email server were a damning and unprecedented indictment of her judgment. The FBI found evidence Clinton broke the law, that she placed highly classified national security information at risk and repeatedly lied to the American people about her reckless conduct. None of this changes the fact that the FBI continues to investigate the Clinton Foundation for corruption involving her tenure as secretary of state. Hillary Clinton should never be president. Last week, Fox News cited two sources with intimate knowledge of the FBI s investigations as saying the agency s probes into the Clinton Foundation continue to be a  very high priority  among local agents on the ground.Fox News further reported:Agents have interviewed and re-interviewed multiple people on the foundation case, which is looking into possible pay for play interaction between then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation. The FBI s White Collar Crime Division is handling the investigation.There is a split, however, between local investigators and FBI headquarters, as well as with the Justice Department.Here is the full text of Comey s letter on Sunday informing lawmakers of the FBI s decision to not alter the agency s conclusion reached last July that it will not recommend charges against Clinton in the email case:I write to supplement my October 28, 2016 letter that notified you the FBI would be taking additional investigative steps with respect to former Secretary of State Clinton s use of a personal email server.Since my letter, the FBI investigative team has been working around the clock to process and review a large volume of emails from a device obtained in connection with an unrelated criminal investigation.During that process, we reviewed all of the communications that were to or from Hillary Clinton while she was Secretary of State.Based on our review, we have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in July with respect to Secretary Clinton.I am very grateful to the professionals at the FBI for doing an extraordinary amount of high-quality work in a short period of time.  Breitbart News",0
19666,EVIL HILLARY SUPPORTERS Yell “F*ck Trump”…Burn Truck Of Daddy Fishing With 2 Yr Son Over Of Trump Bumper-Stickers [VIDEO],"These people are sick and evil. They will stop at NOTHING to get their way. Laws mean nothing to them, because they mean nothing to their President and his regime A California man says a stranger hurled expletives and set his truck on fire Thursday after seeing a pro-Donald Trump sticker on the bumper.Hao Lee had taken his 2-year-old son fishing on a pleasant November afternoon in Sacramento. He parked his white Dodge Ram truck with a pair of Trump stickers on the bumper along Garden Highway. About a couple hours into fishing I heard someone yelling out  F  Trump,  Lee told KTXL.Lee and his son were only about 50 yards from where his truck was parked, near the edge of the river.Their peaceful fishing trip was about to take an abrupt and scary turn. After that I heard glass breaking, I called 911 and a couple of minutes later I saw smoke,  he said.Lee said his first concern was the safety of his son, so he decided to stay put, near the water. When the voices and commotion were gone, Lee approached his truck. But it was too late. Flames were shooting out the windows. The truck was a complete loss. I didn t think anyone would do this kind of stuff over bumper stickers. It s not right,  he said.  Q13FOXWATCH:",0
19667,3 PEOPLE LINE UP TO SEE Tim Kaine Speak In A CLASSROOM…Mike Pence Packing LARGE VENUES Across America [VIDEO],"The only way Hillary and Tim Kaine can win this election at this point, is through massive voter fraud. The enthusiasm for Trump and Pence has been enormous from the beginning and has only increased, while Hillary and Tim can barely fill a phone booth only days before the general election Tim Kaine was speaking in Room 102 of Building U at Florida SouthWester State College s Thomas Edison (Lee) Campus.NBC called these three people a  small line. Small line forming at Tim Kaine event venue at FSW campus in Fort Myers. @NBC2 is here! pic.twitter.com/YJktz4VT0p  DeliaDAmbraTV (@DeliaDAmbraTV) November 5, 2016By the time the doors opened to a tiny room inside the college, there were a dozen people ON A COLLEGE CAMPUS who were enthusiastically waiting to see Hillary s lapdog VP:Line growing at Tim Kaine event in Ft Myers @NBC2 pic.twitter.com/TmqejZLj5O  DeliaDAmbraTV (@DeliaDAmbraTV) November 5, 2016Via: Gateway PunditCompare Tim Kaine s lackluster response to his rallies to Trump s VP candidate Mike Pence, who s packing large venues with supporters. Check out the support Pence is getting in critical swing states across America.Michigan:Great morning in Holland, MI! With just 3 days to go, we're heading to WI and VA to deliver our closing argument to the American people. pic.twitter.com/sfMhiiudxK  Mike Pence (@mike_pence) November 5, 2016Virginia:Huge crowd tonight at George Mason University! We're on the path to victory, and Virginia is ready for Election Day! #MAGA pic.twitter.com/mt9GElZ5L3  Mike Pence (@mike_pence) November 6, 2016Florida:Thank you Miami! A @realDonaldTrump administration will be on the side of freedom & a better life in this hemisphere #Cuba #Venezuela pic.twitter.com/R1HzSE9s9E  Mike Pence (@mike_pence) November 5, 2016North Carolina:Thank you Greenville! Great to have the 'Women for Trump' bus tour join us this afternoon at our rally as they crisscross North Carolina pic.twitter.com/JYujYul0QJ  Mike Pence (@mike_pence) November 4, 2016Pennsylvania:Great rally in Pennsylvania! @realDonaldTrump will fight for a government of, by and for the people. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! pic.twitter.com/8abi3CYVO6  Mike Pence (@mike_pence) November 4, 2016",0
19668,HILLARY Mentions Support For Country She And Bill Screwed…Starts Coughing Again…”It Chokes Me Up” [VIDEO],Watch:Here s the truth about the Clinton Foundation and how they  helped  the Haitians:https://youtu.be/26GC23zZi2A ,0
19669,BREAKING! NEW Wikileaks Email: Confidential Auditor’s Report States Clinton Foundation Is Engaging In ILLEGAL Conduct,"The report exposed in an email shared by Wikileaks shows the results of a review that was completed in 2011, by Jennifer Reynoso, a New York lawyer. The report states that the Clinton Foundation  is missing several policies/procedures that are required by law (e.g.,record retention policy). The report goes on to give the following recommendation:In addition to pointing out that employees of the Clinton Foundation are underpaid as compared to comparable  positions in other companies, the email also states that the overall morale of the company is low and the staff would like to see more structure.  STAFF MORALE IS LOW AND STAFF IS HUNGRY FOR MORE STRUCTUREIronically, the staff complained about a policy not being made available for an employee to  blow the whistle  on potential wrongdoings within the  non-profit. Given Bill Clinton s history as a sexual predator and his role in the Clinton Foundation, it shouldn t come as a surprise that there isn t a strong  Sexual Harassment  policy in place.",0
19670,COMEDIAN DAVE CHAPPELLE Stuns NY Audience: SLAMS Hillary…Compares TRUMP To The Terminator:”Most Gangsta Candidate Ever”,"Comedian Dave Chappelle has been prepping for his November 12 hosting slot on Saturday Night Live with a series of surprise shows at The Cutting Room in New York. On Friday night, he shocked the crowd with a 60-minute set largely devoted to slamming Hillary Clinton.He was particularly agitated about what he believes was Clinton s role in leaking a surreptitiously recorded conversation between Republican nominee Donald J. Trump and TV personality Billy Bush.  What I heard on that tape was gross,  Chappelle said.  But the way I got to hear it was even more gross. You know that came directly from Hillary.  He stated this had put him off a candidate he had already known was  not right.  He likened voting for her to a hypothetical situation of actress Halle Berry breaking wind in his face during sexual relations.  I m still going to go for it,  he said.  But I wish she hadn t done that thing. Chappelle further shocked the New York crowd by defending Trump. He took issue with the media stating as fact that Trump had admitted committing sexual assault in the recorded conversation.  Sexual assault? It wasn t. He said,  And when you re a star, they let you do it.  That phrase implies consent. I just don t like the way the media twisted that whole thing. Nobody questioned it. The comedian stated that Trump s resilience in the face of the leak had impressed him. Comparing Trump to The Terminator, Chappelle said,  That would have devastated anybody else.  Chappelle added that Trump s handling of the debate immediately following the controversy had won him over. Referring to Anderson Cooper and Martha Raddatz s hostile questioning, he said,  Something about this was backward. A gay white man and a white woman asking a multi-billionaire how he knows the system is rigged and insisting it s not. Does that sound right to you? It didn t seem right to me. And here s how you know Trump is the most gangsta candidate ever. They asked him how he knows the system is rigged and he said,  Because I take advantage of it.  He may as well have flashed his membership card for the Illuminati right then. Noting that he voted early in rural Yellow Springs, Ohio before heading to New York, Chappelle said he  didn t feel good  about voting for Clinton.  She s going to be on a coin someday. And her behavior has not been coin-worthy,  he said.  She s not right and we all know she s not right. Chappelle noted that he d been present at a late October going-away party at the White House, sponsored by BET.  Everyone there was black   everyone except Bradley Cooper,  he said. Chappelle listed attendees including Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayer, singer Usher, DNC chairwoman Donna Brazile, and DJ D-Nice, who performed at the hush-hush soiree. He claimed that, at the end of the night, he grabbed the mic and waxed lyrical about Frederick Douglass, concluding that even though the current election has been  gross,  he still loves the United States of America.The comedian wasn t feeling so much love for women s rights, gay rights, and transgender rights activists, saying,  They should not be having that conversation in front of black people. You go ahead and feel something about your rights. But if you re putting sexism and homophobia and transphobia in front of racism, you should be ashamed of yourself.  Chappelle still slammed North Carolina legislation stating that transgender people must use the public restroom that aligns with the sex stated on their respective birth certificates.  If you need to show your birth certificate to take a dump at a Wal-Mart in North Carolina, that s insane.  Chappelle noted he would rather not have  a woman with a dick  stand next to him at a urinal. He also said he wasn t happy about rumors that Caitlyn Jenner would pose nude for Sports Illustrated.  Sometimes I just want to read some stats. Chappelle is slated to host SNL on November 12, but said,  You know there s a pool going on whether or not I show up. I got $100,000 that says I won t.    Observer",0
19671,BREAKING SCARE: DONALD TRUMP RUSHED OFFSTAGE After Protester Tackled To The Ground [Video],"Secret Service agents rushed Donald trump offstage on Saturday evening during a rally in Reno, Nevada after they determined a protester in the audience posed a threat to the Republican presidential candidate.  Go! Go!  agents shouted as they whisked him away and a combination of local police and private security wrestled the suspect to the ground. Thousands of people scattered like a sea of bodies, screams rang out and authorities dragged the man away as he kicked and strained after someone shouted  gun  in the audience, causing the ensuing chaos. Read more: Daily Mail",0
19672,ARCHITECT OF MASS VOTER FRAUD: Hollywood Producer Tells Stunning Story Of How Obama Stole Election In 2008,"The Clintons were the original  birthers,  Viviano told WND in an interview in Los Angeles. Everybody who has called this a conspiracy from the Republicans or the tea party, they need to know who started it   the Democrats,  she said. It was Hillary and Bill, and it percolated up from there,  said Viviano, who had access to the campaign through a documentary she produced on the claims of delegates that Obama and the Democratic National Committee were stealing the nomination from Hillary.Viviano said that she was on a conference phone call during the primary season in the spring of 2008 in which she heard Bill Clinton refer to Obama as ineligible for the presidency.In the course of the phone conversation with Hillary delegates, she recalled, Bill Clinton spoke of Obama as  the non-citizen. In the world we were in, with [Hillary s] super-delegates and delegates, it just was,  He s not legit   that s the end of it, period, end of story.  It wasn t up for discussion,  Viviano said.Michele Thomas, a Hillary campaigner from Los Angeles, confirmed to WND that she learned from  many people who were close to Hillary  that Obama  was not eligible to be president. Thomas led a nationwide petition drive among delegates to force a vote on Hillary s nomination at the convention after then-DNC Chairman Howard Dean announced her name would not be put into nomination and Obama would be declared the winner by unanimous acclamation.Viviano said that it was understood that Bill Clinton would eventually go public with his contention that Obama was ineligible for the presidency. He, I believe, was frothing at the mouth to tell the truth about Obama,  she said.In the meantime, she recalled, the former president would make ironic references in public in which he  teetered  on revealing he position. He would go on camera,  Viviano said,  and jokingly make comments about, you know,  Is Obama qualified to be president? Well, if he s 35 and a wink, wink, United States citizen, I guess he s qualified. She claimed, however, that Bill Clinton s intention to unequivocally state to the public that Obama was ineligible was stopped in its tracks by the murder of a close friend of the Clintons, Arkansas Democratic Party Chairman Bill Gwatney, just two weeks before the Democratic National Convention in Denver.Gwatney was killed Aug. 13, 2008, when a 50-year-old man entered Democratic Party headquarters in Little Rock and shot him three times. Police killed the murderer after a chase, and investigators found no motive.The Clintons said in a statement that they were  stunned and shaken  by the killing of their  cherished friend and confidante. Viviano said a campaign staffer who was close to Hillary, whose name she requested be withheld for security reasons, told her Gwatney s murder was a message to Bill Clinton. I was told by this person that that was  Shut up, Bill, or you re next,  she said.The campaign adviser, according to Viviano, said that despite the intimidation and threats, Bill Clinton was prepared to speak out about Obama s eligibility And then,  Viviano said, paraphrasing the staffer,  they went in and said,  OK, it s your daughter, now, we ll go after. And then Bill never said anything. Others in the campaign who believe Gwatney s murder was a message to the Clintons think it had to do with the fact that Gwatney was resisting an effort by the Obama campaign and the party to intimidate Hillary delegates into voting for Obama.But Viviano argues that California delegates also were rebelling, and she says her source told her the same story two years later.Since the 2008 campaign, Clinton has insisted publicly that Obama is eligible for the White House.He weighed in on the issue in an April 2011 interview with ABC s  Good Morning America,  when Donald Trump was urging Obama to release his long-form birth certificate to the public. If I were them, I d be really careful riding that birther horse too much,  Clinton said.  Everyone knows it s ludicrous.    WNDWatch Bettina tell Jerome Corsi her story here:Watch the clips rom the groundbreaking documentary  We Will Not be Silenced,  and WND investigative reporter Jerome Corsi s ongoing investigation of Barack Obama. Democrats explain how massive voter fraud was committed to ensure a win for Barack Obama: ",0
19673,PHONY HILLARY PULLS THE WOMAN CARD AT JAY-Z/BEYONCE GIG: “We have a glass ceiling to crack…” [Video], ,0
19674,"HYSTERICAL! TRUMP LIFE: “There ain’t a brother bigger, stronger, and more Gangsta than Donald J. Trump” [VIDEO]","#SourcesHaveConfirmed that Trump will lock her ass up! pic.twitter.com/DEovU9eDzV  MAGS for ?MAGA? (@magnifier661) October 25, 2016",0
19675,WIKILEAKS EMAIL: CLINTON FAN BOY Says He “Knows” Trump-Hater Megyn Kelly…Offers To Arrange Softball Interview For Hillary,"For all the hate Democrats openly express for FOX News, it s good to know that Hillary surrogates like Lanny Davis can rely on good Trump-hater Megyn Kelly to prop up Crooked Hillary The latest Wikileaks dump includes an email from Lanny Davis tries to convince Catholic hater Jennifer Palmeiri that it would be a good idea for Megyn Kelly to interview Hillary, giving her a chance to explain the mistake she made withe her private email server. He even offers to arrange a friendly interview for Hillary with Megyn. Here is the text from the email:Dear Jen,I know what I m about to propose is very risky and will be instinctively viewed negatively on the first reaction. But because of the high advantages that I see, perfectly aware of the risks, I think this proposal should be considered.I propose that the Secretary be on the Megyn Kelly File show for at least 30 minutes. I believe I can reduce the risks, since I know Megyn and Roger Ailes very well, by ensuring that the Secretary will have an opportunity to answer tough questions on emails and other issues without interruption. In fact, I believe it is in the interest of Secretary Clinton as well as Fox for the questions to be tough, something we should not fear as long as she has an opportunity to answer. I know she will do well with adequate preparation, and especially after yesterday s excellent statement taking full responsibility for mixing personal an official business on a single email device.I still believe the issue of the wiping out of the private server still needs to be dealt with   e.g., simply stating that was done primarily to protect personal privacy on personal emails but she made the mistake of mixing personal with official on the server because she was using a single device, and she should have been more transparent shortly after she left office. This interview has the potential to be a ratings and media bonanza. I have confidence she would hit a political home run and have a massive audience to deliver her message without a filter. Of course there is a risk that Megan will try to show how tough she can be, even tougher than on Trump. I am assuming the worst case on that risk. But if we have a guarantee, which I believe We will get, that she will have an uninterrupted chance to respond to every question, and we have time to prepare, I think this could be a major plus and even a game changer in the various negative narratives about the Secretary being largely inaccessible and sometimes testy with the media.Here is a screen shot of the original email:",0
19676,WHOA! FLASHBACK VIDEO Of ANDREW BREITBART: “What’s In Your Closet John Podesta?”,"**Language warning***Many people don t know this, but Andrew Breitbart was the person responsible for outing Anthony Weiner. Andrew s name and reputation were drug through the gutter by every mainstream media outlet known to modern man, but Andrew fought back. He was a modern day Goliath. If Andrew Breitbart  didn t expose Anthony Weiner years ago, there wouldn t be any reopening of the FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton s email.",0
19677,WOW! WHISTLEBLOWER TELLS CHILLING STORY Of Massive Voter Fraud: Trump Campaign Readies Lawsuit Against FL Sec Of Elections In Critical District [VIDEO],"This is truly a chilling story of organized voter fraud We reported on a massive voter fraud operation was discovered in Democratic Broward County, Florida ealier this week:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/793890171058085888The amazing citizen journalist Mike Cernovich broke this story this morning at Danger and Play. Florida residents have been complaining that they re not getting their absentee ballots. Chelsey Marie Smith, was working full-time at Broward County Supervisor of Elections main office blew the whistle on the voter fraud scheme:LIVE on #Periscope: Breaking news! Voting fraud uncovered in Florida #MAGA3X https://t.co/q7jeEz6Rgh  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) November 4, 2016The Florida State Attorney is actively investigating the fraud case that involves Secretary of Elections Brenda Snipes: Source: FL State Attorney investigators are actively reviewing Broward County Voter Fraud Case  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) November 4, 2016 Democrat Dr. Brenda Snipes was appointed by Jeb Bush in 2003 and is no stranger to controversy. On October 20, the Sun Sentinal reported that former Oakland Park Commissioner Anne Sallee noticed something troubling about her vote-by-mail ballot. It is missing Constitutional Amendment 2, the medical marijuana question.Sallee, now Broward chapter director of the Florida Restaurant and Lodging Association, knows her way around government. Yet she said she spent a week unsuccessfully trying to get someone at the Broward elections office to pay attention to her complaint.She was cleared on Wednesday of another election snafu, the early posting of primary election results. Her office also was criticized for sending out inaccurate voter ID cards, and for printing ballots for November that include the word  no  in the  yes  line on the county s transportation sales surtax question.There were multiple reports that Hillary personally met with Brenda Snipes days ago:There were multiple reports Hillary personally met with Brenda Snipes days ago. No photos, but where there's smoke  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) November 4, 2016According to a former Secretary of Elections Department employee, there is a secret room where Democrat insiders fill out those absentee ballots.The woman provided her sworn testimony via affidavit.The affidavit by Chelsey Marie Smith accuses Broward County officials of filling out blank absentee ballots to officials who she saw filling the ballots out at the Supervisor of Elections headquarters. Via: GP Page 1:Page 2: Source: FL State Attorney investigators are actively reviewing Broward County Voter Fraud Case  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) November 4, 2016 ",0
19678,BREAKING! Wikileaks’ Julian Assange Explains Why “Trump Won’t Be Permitted To Win” And Proof That ISIS Was Bankrolled By People Who Gave Money To Clintons [VIDEO],"Julian Assange met with John Pilger of Dartmouth Films to discuss what he thinks is the most significant revelation of all in his Wikileaks email dumps related to the Clinton s.Here is a stunning portion of their exchange:Assange:  ISIL and ISIS are funded by Saudi Arabia and Qatar, the governments of Saudi Arabia and Qatar. I think this is the most significant email in the whole collection. Pilger:  ISIL or ISIS is created largely with money from the very people who are giving money to the Clinton Foundation. Assange:  Yes. Pilger:  That s extraordinary! RT reporter:  There it is in startling new simple terms. Julian Assange is saying he has proof that the world s most brutal terrorists and the Clinton Foundation have been bankrolled by the same people ",0
19679,WOW! HILLARY CAUGHT ON VIDEO In 2000 Saying She Doesn’t Like Emails Because You Can’t Hide Them From Investigators,"Too bad for Hillary she wasn t actually telling the truth that time WATCH: Hillary Clinton saying in 2000 that She doesn't like emails because you can't hide it from investigators. pic.twitter.com/dhR7cNZ8bc  The Vice President (@MikePenceVP) July 31, 2016*As a disclaimer, this tweet is not from the official Mike Pence Twitter account. This is a parody account used to expose Hillary and the rest of her crime family ",0
19680,HILLARY’S “OH SH*T” MOMENT: FBI Reveals Emails Found On Weiner’s Laptop Are NOT Duplicates [VIDEO],"The FBI reportedly has found emails from Hillary Clinton s private server on the laptop computer seized from Anthony Weiner   and they are not duplicates of those already found in the server probe, according to CBS News.It was not clear, however, if the emails were related in any way to the Clinton server scandal or how many new messages were found.Weiner s estranged wife, Huma Abedin   who is Clinton s top aide   has claimed she had no knowledge of the existence of any Clinton emails on her husband s laptop.The FBI on Monday obtained a warrant to look through the  laptop s 650,000 emails.   NYP ",0
19681,"WATCH OBAMA AWKWARDLY AND ANGRILY Tell Audience To ‘Choose Hope!’ Six Times In A Row…Looks nervous, doesn’t he?","Obama awkwardly and kind of angrily tells the audience to  choose hope!  six times in a row. Looks nervous, doesn t he? ? #HillaryIndictment pic.twitter.com/ItYOYmPq9C  Comrade AJ (@asamjulian) November 3, 2016",0
19682,WOW! BREAKING NEWS: Proof Obama LIED To Press….Was Notified 6 Different Times That Hillary Changed Email Address [VIDEO],"The most  transparent administration in history  will go down in history as the most corrupt President Obama only learned of Hillary Clinton s private email address use for official State Department business after a New York Times report, he told CBS News in an interview.CBS News senior White House correspondent Bill Plante asked Mr. Obama when he learned about her private email system after his Saturday appearance in Selma, Alabama. The same time everybody else learned it through news reports,  the president told Plante.Mr. Obama s comments follow a long week of media scrutiny surrounding Hillary Clinton s private email address and the  home-brewed  server that hosted it. The policy of my administration is to encourage transparency, which is why my emails, the BlackBerry I carry around, all those records are available and archived,  Mr. Obama said.  I m glad that Hillary s instructed that those emails about official business need to be disclosed. Despite widespread criticism from Republicans who believe Clinton acted inappropriately, the president continued to defend his former Cabinet member s record. Let me just say that Hillary Clinton is and has been an outstanding public servant. She was a great secretary of state for me,  Mr. Obama said.Watch here:The president reiterated his support of these actions. I think that the fact that she is putting them forward will allow us to make sure that people have the information they need,  Mr. Obama said.   CBS But Catherine Herridge of FOX News has a new bombshell report destroying every lie  the most transparent  President told in the interview above: H/T: Gateway Pundit",0
19683,"BLACK AMERICAN On How I Became A Republican: “If You’re Voting’ Democrat, It’s Cuz You Want The (Food) Stamps…Get Your A*S Up And Get To Work, ******* Make America Great Again” [VIDEO]","***WARNING***GRAPHIC LanguageThis video contains very graphic language, but his message is spot on!Bentley Brandon, a conservative citizen journalist on Facebook conducted an interview with a random black man sitting on his front porch. Although his language is very rough, his message couldn t be more accurate.  How did you become a Republican? You know, when I was in the first grade, my teacher asked me,  Do you know who was the party of the Presidency when he signed the Emancipation Proclamation?  And I said who?  He was a Republican and his name was Abe Lincoln.  I said,  Shit!  well I m votin  with the Republicans then. So I falls back on, only thing mother F*cker, if you voting  Democrat mother f*cker, that s because you want some g*d damn stamps. You know what I m saying? You want some mother f*ckin food aid and assist. You don t wanna get off your g*d damn ass and don t wanna get no more g*d damn ass and get some g*d damn work. Get your ass up and get to work mother f*cker, and make America great again! Can you please explain to me the time and era when America was great? When everyone was working WATCH:",0
19684,"BREAKING: SECRET RECORDINGS About Clinton Foundation Caused Hostility, In-Fighting Between FBI Agents","Wow Peter Schweizer, author of  the chilling  Clinton Cash  book better make sure he has bodyguards wherever he goes, because his book could be the reason for the  collapse of the Clinton Crime family s house of cards .Secret recordings of a suspect talking about the Clinton Foundation fueled an internal battle between FBI agents who wanted to pursue the case and corruption prosecutors who viewed the statements as worthless hearsay, people familiar with the matter said.Agents, using informants and recordings from unrelated corruption investigations, thought they had found enough material to merit aggressively pursuing the investigation into the foundation that started in summer 2015 based on claims made in a book by a conservative author called  Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich,  these people said.The account of the case and resulting dispute comes from interviews with officials at multiple agencies.Starting in February and continuing today, investigators from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and public-corruption prosecutors became increasingly frustrated with each other, as often happens within and between departments. At the center of the tension stood the U.S. attorney for Brooklyn, Robert Capers, who some at the FBI came to view as exacerbating the problems by telling each side what it wanted to hear, these people said. Through a spokeswoman, Mr. Capers declined to comment.The roots of the dispute lie in a disagreement over the strength of the case, these people said, which broadly centered on whether Clinton Foundation contributors received favorable treatment from the State Department under Hillary Clinton. Senior officials in the Justice Department and the FBI didn t think much of the evidence, while investigators believed they had promising leads their bosses wouldn t let them pursue, they said.These details on the probe are emerging amid the continuing furor surrounding FBI Director James Comey s disclosure to Congress that new emails had emerged that could be relevant to a separate, previously closed FBI investigation of Mrs. Clinton s email arrangement while she was secretary of state.On Wednesday, President Barack Obama took the unusual step of criticizing the FBI when asked about Mr. Comey s disclosure of the emails.Amid the internal finger-pointing on the Clinton Foundation matter, some have blamed the FBI s No. 2 official, deputy director Andrew McCabe, claiming he sought to stop agents from pursuing the case this summer. His defenders deny that, and say it was the Justice Department that kept pushing back on the investigation.WSJ   The political organization of Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, an influential Democrat with longstanding ties to Bill and Hillary Clinton, gave nearly $500,000 to the election campaign of the wife of an official at the Federal Bureau of Investigation who later helped oversee the investigation into Mrs. Clinton s email use.Campaign finance records show Mr. McAuliffe s political-action committee donated $467,500 to the 2015 state Senate campaign of Dr. Jill McCabe, who is married to Andrew McCabe, now the deputy director of the FBI.The Virginia Democratic Party, over which Mr. McAuliffe exerts considerable control, donated an additional $207,788 worth of support to Dr. McCabe s campaign in the form of mailers, according to the records. That adds up to slightly more than $675,000 to her candidacy from entities either directly under Mr. McAuliffe s control or strongly influenced by him. The figure represents more than a third of all the campaign funds Dr. McCabe raised in the effort.Mr. McCabe s supervision of the Clinton email case in 2016 wasn t seen as a conflict or an ethics issue because his wife s campaign was over by then and Mr. McAuliffe wasn t part of the email probe, officials said.Much of the skepticism toward the case came from how it started with the publication of a book suggesting possible financial misconduct and self-dealing surrounding the Clinton charity. The author of that book, Peter Schweizer a former speechwriting consultant for President George W. Bush was interviewed multiple times by FBI agents, people familiar with the matter said.The Clinton campaign has long derided the book as a poorly researched collection of false claims and unsubstantiated assertions. The Clinton Foundation has denied any wrongdoing, saying it does immense good throughout the world.Mr. Schweizer said in an interview that the book was never meant to be a legal document, but set out to describe  patterns of financial transactions that circled around decisions Hillary Clinton was making as secretary of state. As 2015 came to a close, the FBI and Justice Department had a general understanding that neither side would take major action on Clinton Foundation matters without meeting and discussing it first. In February, a meeting was held in Washington among FBI officials, public-integrity prosecutors and Leslie Caldwell, the head of the Justice Department s criminal division. Prosecutors from the Eastern District of New York Mr. Capers  office didn t attend, these people said.The public-integrity prosecutors weren t impressed with the FBI presentation, people familiar with the discussion said.  The message was,  We re done here,    a person familiar with the matter said.Justice Department officials became increasingly frustrated that the agents seemed to be disregarding or disobeying their instructions.Following the February meeting, officials at Justice Department headquarters sent a message to all the offices involved to  stand down,  a person familiar with the matter said.The FBI had secretly recorded conversations of a suspect in a public-corruption case talking about alleged deals the Clintons made, these people said. The agents listening to the recordings couldn t tell from the conversations if what the suspect was describing was accurate, but it was, they thought, worth checking out.For entire story: WSJ ",0
19685,"LOL! WHEN YOUR CLIENT, Hillary Clinton Is Under Investigation By The Law Again [VIDEO]", ,0
19686,BOMBSHELL: Hillary’s Democrat Niece Is “100 Percent” Behind Her Choice For President…And It’s Not Her “Selfish” Aunt Hillary,"Her husband s overseas in the military, and she s home working in a local salon. She s the  everyday American  woman Hillary claims to be the champion for. There s only one problem she s doesn t believe that  selfish Auntie Hillary should be anywhere the White House Hopeless Hillary Clinton s own family has turned against her   and endorsed Donald Trump for president! In a bombshell world exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com, the only daughter of Bill Clinton s druggie brother, Roger, revealed she s voting for Hillary s Republican rival instead of her  selfish  aunt!Hairstylist Macy Smit has never met Hillary. Her father   the former first lady s brother-in-law   was a deadbeat dad who walked out on her mom when she was pregnant. Something tells me the Clinton side of the family looks at me and my mother as not good enough, but we re hard-working!  Macy, 25, said from her home in Tampa, Fla.  I support Donald Trump   100 percent! I have been a Democrat my entire life, but Trump is what we need right now   somebody who is going to stand up for us. I think at this point Hillary just wants it for the history books   to be the first woman president for selfish reasons. Macy works 10 to 12-hour days at a salon, while husband Derrick Smit, 25, is a meteorologist with the U.S. Air Force. He s on active duty in Kuwait, where he helps coordinate air operations into Iraq. He was deployed in July and will return in January. Last year, pregnant Macy suffered heartbreaking tragedy when she lost her baby. At the time, her husband was deployed and she claims she was abandoned by the Clintons.Macy said,  They re not as good as everyone thinks they are. I went through some very personal things [without their support]. The Clintons are all talk!  Macy s mother Martha, 50, told Radar.  Hillary says she s all about family, but she s got a niece she s never met and never acknowledged. The Clintons have never helped us out.  According to Macy, she has a distant relationship with her father. Although they talk regularly, Macy said Roger, 60, constantly makes promises he doesn t keep   just like Hillary!  Radar Online ",0
19687,BREAKING: ACLJ Files Lawsuit Against Obama’s Corrupt Attorney General For Secret Bill Clinton Meeting On Plane During Hillary Investigation [VIDEO],"Are the most criminal, brazen and crooked group of people to ever act as  public servants  in our government watching their house of cards fall? I told you about the Obama Justice Department s incompetence and corruption when, over four months ago, I called for Attorney General Loretta Lynch s resignation.Remember when Attorney General Loretta Lynch and the husband of the former Secretary of State met on a plane on the tarmac:I told you about General Lynch s decision to hold a secret meeting on her airplane with former President Bill Clinton   just days before the FBI interviewed his wife, the former Secretary of State, as part of a criminal investigation; and just days before General Lynch announced the former Secretary of State would not be indicted. Here s what I said in June:Misconduct. Dishonesty. Impropriety. No matter what word you choose, Attorney General Lynch s secret meeting with former President Bill Clinton was flat-out wrong. She s clearly disqualified from participating in the investigations into former Secretary of State Clinton s private email server.And she must resign.I m leading our senior litigation team preparing to file legal demands and ethics complaints. If the DOJ doesn t respond and she doesn t resign, we ll be back in federal court. As promised, we took action. We sent Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests to the Obama Justice Department and the FBI, demanding answers on how such a careless and perhaps intentionally underhanded meeting was allowed to happen.The FBI acknowledged our FOIA requests, and even granted our request for expedited processing by determining that we had shown our requests concerned  [a] matter of widespread and exceptional media interest in which there exist possible questions about the government s integrity which affect public confidence.  The Justice Department remained silent.Then, last week s earth-shattering news hit that the FBI   a component of the Justice Department   was reopening the underlying criminal investigation.And early this week, the FBI advised the ACLJ Government Accountability Project that  [n]o records responsive to your request were located.  Hard to believe. What may be even harder to believe, though, is the fact that the Department of Justice completely ignored our lawful requests for records. Or maybe that s just par for the course.So today, we re forcing their hand. We re taking the Obama Administration to federal court. Again. We re filing a lawsuit against the Department of Justice, to ensure true justice. If the corruption and flippant disregard for the law won t stop, neither will our Government Accountability Project, and neither will our lawsuits.As we explained in our Complaint, we re demanding records like this:Any and all records containing the names of any DOJ official, staff or employee who participated in any discussion regarding the meeting between General Lynch and Bill Clinton that occurred on Monday, June 27, 2016, at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix, Arizona.Any and all records, communications or briefings prepared, sent, received or reviewed by General Lynch or any other DOJ official, staff or employee, at any time, containing any discussion of or in any way regarding the meeting between General Lynch and Bill Clinton that occurred on Monday, June 27, 2016, at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix, Arizona.Any and all records of any communication or briefing received by General Lynch, any DOJ official, staff or employee from Bill Clinton or his staff regarding the meeting between General Lynch and Bill Clinton that occurred on Monday, June 27, 2016, at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix, Arizona, regardless of whether the communication or briefing was received before, during, or after the meeting.For entire story: ACLJ ",0
19688,WOW! TX Congressman On IMPEACHMENT And REMOVAL Of Hillary If She Wins Election,"Fox News host Bill Hemmer asked Congressman Michael McCaul (R-TX),  If she wins next Tuesday, what happens to that investigation? McCaul:  Well that s something I ve been talking about that hasn t been mentioned very much, and that is, this investigation will continue whether she wins or not. But assuming she wins, and the investigation goes forward, and it looks an indictment is pending, at that point and time under the Constitution, the House of Representatives would engage in an impeachment trial, they would go to the Senate and impeachment proceedings and removal would take place https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/793918006359298048",0
19689,BREAKING FL VOTER FRAUD ALERT: “Tens Of Thousands” Of Mail-In Ballots Have ILLEGALLY Been Opened And Counted Before They’ve Been Verified [VIDEO],"https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/793890171058085888Here is a screen shot of the letter in a  tweet from FOX News with a copy of the entire letter (harder to view):#BREAKING: @FloridaGOP & @BlaiseIngoglia alleging ""violations"" by Broward Co. Election Office w/ ballot-by-mail counting. Letter attached: pic.twitter.com/Muu483fIfl  Heather Lacy (@Heather_Lacy1) November 2, 2016",0
19690,"BUSTED! ONE OF NATION’S BIGGEST POLITICAL DONORS Caught Funneling Money To Hillary, Other Crooked Democrats [VIDEO]","I wonder if they ll get the same treatment Dinesh D Souza got for doing one 1/10th of what these criminals did Hillary Clinton s campaign is returning thousands of dollars in donations linked to what may be one of the largest straw-donor schemes ever uncovered.A small law firm that has given money to Sen. Elizabeth Warren, Sen. Harry Reid, President Obama and many others is accused of improperly funneling millions of dollars into Democratic Party coffers. The program was exposed by the Center for Responsive Politics and the same team of Boston Globe investigative reporters featured in the movie  Spotlight. The Thornton Law Firm has just 10 partners, but dollar for dollar, it s one of the nation s biggest political donors, reports CBS News correspondent Tony Dokoupil.Federal law limits partnerships, like the Thornton Law Firm, to a maximum donation of $2,700 per candidate. But campaign finance watchdogs say the firm used its individual partners as straw donors, allowing it to funnel money to campaigns well above that legal limit. Straw donor reimbursement systems are something both the FEC and the Department of Justice take very seriously, and people have gone to jail for this,  Center for Responsive Politics editorial director Viveca Novak said.  The Spotlight team and the Center for Responsive Politics looked at donations from three of the firm s partners from 2010 to 2014. The trio and one of their wives gave $1.6 million, mostly to Democrats. Over the same period, they received $1.4 million back in bonuses. Through its employees, the firm gave to Democrats running in some of this year s most hotly contested races   ones that could determine control of the U.S. Senate.For entire story: CBS",0
19691,WHOA! 3 WELL-KNOWN Democrats Go NUCLEAR On Hillary Clinton And Her Supporters [VIDEO],"Wow!  Thrill up his leg  for Obama, Chris Matthews does a stunning 180 on his support for Hillary and boldly calls out any person who is still planning to support her. He accuses her supporters of being  too dainty  to stand up for America. Watch him tell his liberal viewers that the only chance we have to turn this nation around is to vote for Trump. If you like the way things are the way they are headed in this country. If you d like to continue the destruction of our manufacturing base, and the jobs that went with it. If you like the uncontrollable immigration, if you like the string of stupid wars from Iraq to Libya to Syria. If you want to say yes to all of that, if you want to keep this all the way it is, fine then vote for Hillary Clinton. If you don t like the way things are headed, you ve got a chance to really shake the system at its roots. If you wake up on Election Day and it s the same as it is today, if it s the same 4 or 5 or 8 years from now, remember you had a chance really change it up but you were too dainty to do it. https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU7/status/793323182262358017Liberal champion of union members Michael Moore stunned liberals and union bosses everywhere when he came out with this passionate support for Donald Trump:***Language warning***Former Democratic pollster for Hillary makes a stunning admission to Fox News host Harris Faulkner that he won t support Hillary:  I still share her worldview and am much closer to her approach to policies than I am to Donald Trump. That said, with America facing a potential constitutional crisis after her election, I am not able, under the circumstances we are now facing, to vote for Secretary Clinton. ",0
19692,BREAKING HIDDEN VIDEO Exposes Racist Dems Comparing Black Republicans To Jews Who Helped Nazis [Video],"A longtime Clinton ally and donor has a theory about black Republicans: They re like the Jewish guards in concentration camps who tried to save their own skins by helping the Nazis kill Jews. In a hidden-camera video released Wednesday by Project Veritas Action, author and academic Benjamin R. Barber compared black Republicans to the  Sonderkommandos  during a Sept. 19 fundraiser for North Carolina Senate candidate Deborah Ross. He described the Sonderkommandos as  Jewish guards who in effect helped murder Jews in the camps so they could live a little longer.   So there were even Jews who were helping the Nazis murder Jews. So blacks who are helping the other side are seriously f***ed in the head,  said Mr. Barber in undercover footage. Mr. Barber, a Rutgers University professor emeritus and City University of New York senior research scholar, isn t some fringe figure: He served as an informal consultant on civic affairs to President Bill Clinton, wrote a book about the Clinton administration, and donated to Hillary Clinton s presidential bids in 2008 and 2016.Read more: WT",0
19693,HOPE FOR FORGOTTEN AMERICA…Why Trump Is Last Chance For This Steel Town Where 94% Of Jobs Have Gone [VIDEO],"In 2008 Barack Obama promised to shut down the coal industry:Hillary also promised to shut down the coal industry as part of her campaign platform. When politicians like Barack Obama and Hillary put special interests and lobbyists who are using phony climate change to collect billions in federal  green subsidies  over working Americans, you know these people are no longer  public servants  but instead, self-servants. Watch:There was a time, not so long ago, when this city on the Ohio River employed up to 15,000 people in the steel mills whose rusting warehouses still line the streets. Now the figure is closer to 800.First, it was costs associated with the repeated regulations imposed by the Environmental Protection Agency. Then, after 1994 and the passing of the North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) it was cheaper competition from places such as Mexico. In the end, there was no way Weirton could compete, and an industry that has fed and clothed the city for generations essentially died. Her husband introduced Nafta,  said a former steel worker, sitting at the the bar of the Columbia Club, located at one was once Gate No 1 of the Weirton Steel Corporation s main factory. He had worked at the plant for 34 years.  If anyone in this in this state votes for her, they re crazy. It is communities such as this that Donald Trump has been targeting hard with his pitch about the evils of Nafta and the need to bring jobs   well-paid manufacturing jobs in particular   back to America. Polls collected by RealClearPolitics suggest he leads Hillary Clinton in West Virginia by between 18 to 27 points.While his policy is not hard on detail, Mr Trump has vowed repeatedly to bring jobs back from places such as Mexico and China.But in places such as Weirton, down to fewer than 20,000 people from a peak of 33,000 it is hard not to feel that while some parts of the country may have seen the benefits of global trade, this hardscrabble community, with its fast-food joints and strip bars, has been passed by.Ed Sutton, a city government worker who said he would be voting for Mr Trump, said that  nothing had replaced the steel jobs .  They talk about creating all these jobs. But they re just retail jobs that pay minimum wage, or just above,  he said.Ms Clinton, meanwhile, said this spring, in a comment she came to quickly regret, she was going to  put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business .  IndependentTrump s appeal is vast and broad for many blue-collar workers and former workers across America. Listen to these former steel workers in PA, living in a Democrat stronghold explain how they never imagined they would be voting for a Republican:",0
19694,YIKES! Is Something Big About To Happen? Michelle Obama Erases Any Trace Of Hillary From Twitter Account,"Michelle Obama has scrubbed any reference to Hillary from her Twitter account What? Like with a cloth or something? LOL!Seriously though, it looks like Mooch is trying get rid of any evidence of something she posted to Twitter between March 4, 2013 and now. Hmmm wonder if it has anything to do with a certain presidential candidate s FBI investigation? Michelle Obama has scrubbed all references to Hillary Clinton from both of her Twitter accounts as news breaks that Clinton is under two different FBI investigations involving four FBI offices.Has @MichelleObama deleted her tweets for the past 3 and a half years?  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 1, 2016Barrack Obama's Husband Michelle Scrubs Hillary Clinton From Twitter History.The tide has turned.#MAGAhttps://t.co/dmH239cdiv  General Halley   (@HalleyBorderCol) November 1, 2016The @FLOTUS account has been wiped clean of all traces of Hillary, and @MichelleObama, a verified page with almost six million followers, has been scrubbed all the way back to 2013. Your News Wire h/t Gateway Pundit",0
19695,HERE’S HOW THE CLINTONS’ Free Private Jet Scam Works: “It’s highly illegal”," It s highly illegal and it s likely that the owners of these aircraft took tax deductions as a gift to the Clinton Foundation,  Charles Ortel, a Wall Street analyst and critic of the Clinton FoundationIra Magaziner, the CEO of the Clinton Health Access Initiative, asked former President Bill Clinton to thank Morocco s King Mohammed VI for  offering his plane to the conference in Ethiopia. CHAI would like to request that President Clinton call Sheik Mohammed to thank him for offering his plane to the conference in Ethiopia,  Magaziner gushed in a November 22, 2011 email released by WikiLeaks.Clinton frequently has expected free, luxurious private jet travel during his post-presidential life. Clinton, his wife and daughter have artfully secured free air travel and luxurious accommodations since they left the White House. It s an effective way to accept gifts of great value without declaring them for the Clinton Foundation. It s highly illegal and it s likely that the owners of these aircraft took tax deductions as a gift to the Clinton Foundation,  Charles Ortel, a Wall Street analyst and critic of the Clinton Foundation.In the Moroccan case, Clinton was able to fly for free, jetting 3,367 miles from Rabat, Morocco, to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia on the King s specially equipped 747-400 jumbo jet.Not including the flight, King Mohammed has donated at least $28 million to the Clinton Foundation. Clinton was traveling to attend a conference organized by Sheikh Mohammed Hussein Al-Amoudi, an Ethiopian-Saudi billionaire who is the second wealthiest man in Saudi Arabia. The sheikh has donated up to $10 million to the Clinton Foundation. But neither the Clinton Foundation nor CHAI have listed any  non-cash contributions    such as free jumbo jet travel   on their 2011 tax return for the free use of the aircraft.Via: Daily Caller ",0
19696,BREAKING: OBAMA APPOINTED JUDGE Demands RNC Reveal Trump’s Plans To Prevent Voter Fraud,"Just look away. The Democrats don t have any plans to steal your vote. If you don t believe us, ask this Obama appointed judge who s making it his business to make sure Republicans don t get involved protecting the sanctity of the vote for every American A federal judge is ordering the Republican National Committee to detail any agreements it has with Donald Trump s campaign to engage in  ballot security  efforts in connection with next week s election   something the national GOP has been banned from doing for decades without court approval.The order also instructs the RNC to explain by 5 p.m. Tuesday what Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway and GOP vice presidential nominee Mike Pence were talking about in recent comments when they said that Trump s campaign was working closely with the RNC to make sure there is no fraud at the polls. Newark, N.J.-based U.S. District Court John Vazquez issued the order Monday after the Democratic National Committee went to court last week to allege that the RNC was violating consent decrees from the 1980s settling a case alleging that GOP pollwatchers sought to intimidate minority voters in a practice then known as  caging. The agreements allow the RNC to organize poll watchers, but prohibit any effort to intimidate voters as they enter a polling place or to challenge individual voters, except as part of a program approved in advance by the court.Here s a little reminder (video below) of how the New Black Panthers intimidated voters outside of a polling place in Philadelphia. But by all means, the RNC and the Trump campaign should just look away The RNC insists it has worked to ensure compliance with the agreement and submitted to the court a series of memos sent to its personnel, national committee members and others from August through this month reminding them about the consent decree and the need to remain at arms length from all ballot security efforts. The memos tell RNC workers, officials and volunteers not to engage in poll watching efforts at all, not to take video or audio recordings at polling places and not to mention ballot fraud concerns on social media sites like Facebook and Twitter.However, in August, Pence appeared to indicate there was a joint effort by the Trump campaign and the RNC to combat voter fraud.  The Trump Campaign and the Republican National Committee are working very, very closely with state governments and secretaries of state all over the country to ensure ballot integrity,  Pence said at a town hall meeting in Denver in August.In addition, Conway reportedly told the Washington Post last month that the Trump campaign is  actively working with the national committee, the official party, and campaign lawyers to monitor precincts around the country.    Politico",0
19697,BREAKING EMAIL LEAK: “Bernie needs to be ground to a pulp…Crush him as hard as you can”,"Hey Bernie how s that whole Queen of Wall Street/ Democrat mob boss endorsement working out for you?Wikileaks has released another batch of emails. One of those emails is likely from Joel Johnson, the Managing Director of The Glover Park Group, a Washington DC firm specializing in strategic communications and government relationsThe email was sent on Feb. 2, 2016 to John Podesta with the subject matter: Friendly advice. No mercy. From:Joel@gpg.com To: john.podesta@gmail.com Date: 2016-02-22 00:09 Subject: Friendly advice. No mercy.Bernie needs to be ground to a pulp. We can t start believing our own primary bullshit. This is no time to run the general. Crush him as hard as you can. Other than that, hope all is well and congrats on Nevada!Only 4 days ago, The Hill named GPG s Joel Johnson as one their  Top Lobbyists  or  Hired Guns  for 2016:Joel Johnson, The Glover Park GroupClients have a trusted guide in Johnson, a former Clinton administration official who leads the advocacy efforts of the public relations powerhouse.Buzzfeed   In September 2015, Susan Brophy, managing director of the Glover Park Group, emailed top Clinton aide Cheryl Mills on Oct. 4, 2011, telling her that a planned speech before a joint session of Congress by the Korean president was running into some hurdles. Brophy suggested that the State Department could move things along in Congress.The only problem was, Brophy was representing a country she wasn t registered to represent.Foreign Agent Registration Act rules require individual lobbyists to register the clients they represent, and lobbying firms are required to file their contacts on behalf of those clients.Brophy is a former Clinton White House official, and has raised money for Ready for Hillary, a pro-Clinton super PAC that shut down when the former secretary of state announced her presidential campaign. The Clintons attended her wedding to lawyer and diplomat Gerald McGowan in 1998.The speech by then-president Lee Myung-bak did proceed and took place on Oct. 13, 2011.Joel Johnson, a managing director for Glover Park Group, told BuzzFeed News that Brophy had in fact been on the team working on the South Korean account and that she should have been listed as doing so in their FARA documents. She absolutely was working on the account and had been throughout, and the fact that she had somehow not been listed directly as the principal working on the account was an administrative error,  Johnson said.Johnson also said that Brophy  should have reported that that contact had been made to the State Department and for whatever reason that was not included in our list of activities and it should have been, and I ll go back and make sure we do whatever is appropriate to amend that. Blah blah blah Is anyone else sick and tired of the Clinton s and anyone attached to the Clinton s not having to follow the same rules and laws the rest of America is expected to follow, or face the consequences of our actions? We take these reporting requirements seriously and we are as diligent as we ever can be, but in that case there s no question that the email she sent to [Mills] have been included  in the list of contacts Glover Park Group had made on behalf of South Korea, he said.Yep So are we to believe you took Grounding  Bernie to a pulp  seriously? ",0
19698,WOW! Governor Kasich Just Revealed How He Did His Part To Make Hillary Clinton Our Next President,"Ohio Governor John Kasich, who signed a pledge to support the Republican candidate no matter who it was, is clearly not a man of his word. He has been an open crybaby critic of Trump since he found himself polling at 1% while Donald was on a meteoric rise to the top of the GOP ticket. So many of these  sour grapes  GOP contenders who have been outspoken, or have quietly skulked away, refusing to endorse Trump or half-heartedly endorsing him, have lost supporters who would likely have helped them to win their reelection bids in their respective states. America chose their nominee, and politicians like John Kasich chose to put their own petty difference ahead of the American voter by essentially checking the box for  Hillary.  If the polls aren t rigged and Trump cleans up in Ohio, someone s gonna have a little egg on their face John Kasich proudly announced today, that he has written in a vote for the liberal war-hawk, John McCain who got creamed in the general election against Barack Hussein Obama.The Ohio governor s write-in vote for the 2008 GOP nominee, confirmed by a spokesman, won t count. Ohio law requires write-in candidates to file with the secretary of state more than two months before Election Day.With the vote for McCain, Kasich, who failed in his own presidential bid this year, issued a final rebuke of Trump.The Ohio governor has long said he finds Trump s policy positions and behavior troubling. This month, he confirmed he would not vote for the controversial New York billionaire, despite having signed a pledge last year to support the Republican nominee, no matter who it was.  Cincinnatti.com ",0
19699,BREAKING: FINALLY! New Wikileaks Email…”We are going to have to dump all those emails”,"This latest Wikileaks email is evidence of more than just  smoke where Hillary s concerned it places her in the middle of the fire. Will the FBI finally take the appropriate actions and give Hillary the same treatment every other American would receive, if they were caught in a major cover-up and the destruction of evidence while under subpoena? With her hacker-friendly private email servers that appear to have been penetrated by foreign intelligence agencies, Clinton is now in the company of Aaron Burr, Bradley Manning, and Edward Snowden all of whom betrayed the public trust. The failure to hold her accountable is yet more proof that the Clintons are above the law. No matter what they do the legal system always treats them with kid gloves.   FrontpageIn today s, 25th, Wikileaks release of hacked Podesta emails, one of the notable highlights is a March 2, 2015 exchange between John Podesta and Clinton aide Cheryl Mills in which the Clinton Campaign Chair says  On another matter .and not to sound like Lanny, but we are going to have to dump all those emails. The email, which may indicate intent, was sent just days before the NYT story revealing the existence of Hillary s email server, and Hillary s press conference addressing what was at the time, the stunning revelation that she had a personal email account, and server, in her home.Mills  response:  Think you just got your new nick name. It is unclear which Lanny is referred to: the infamous former DOJ staffer Lanny Breuer who quit in January 2013 after telling Frontline that some banks are too big to fail, or, more likely Lanny Davis, special counsel to President Bill Clinton, and spokesperson for the President and the White House on matters concerning campaign-finance investigations and other legal issues.Lanny Davis is the former special counsel for the Clinton White House and one of Clinton s most dogged public defenders. He also referred to the former presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as  nasty.  (So Trump apparently doesn t have the market on that word.) When Clinton s team turned down an April invite from Fox News Sunday to defend her from allegations in Peter Schweitzer s book Clinton Cash, Davis stepped up to the plate, unflinching in his devoted defense of his old boss and his old boss s wife. He also took a co-starring role in the emails from her private server that the State Department has released, regularly offering obsequious praise and imploring her for favors.It is also unclear for now which emails Podesta is referring to in the thread, but Podesta adds:  better to do so sooner than later.  We can hope that a subsequent response, yet to be leaked by Wikileaks, will provide more color.This is the first time that particular exchange has emerged among the Podesta emails.The fact that Mrs. Clinton destroyed email evidence   evidence subject to a congressional subpoena, no less   is already evidence in itself that she obstructed justice through spoliation of evidence. Spoliation means you can take as evidence the fact that evidence has been destroyed. Courts are entitled to draw spoliation inferences and convict an accused person on that basis alone.And in a separate email sent out just days later by Clinton campaign communications director, Jennifer Palmieri, we get yet another confirmation that the president actively mislead the public when he said he didn t know Hillary was using a private email address:Suggest Philippe talk to Josh or Eric. They know POTUS and HRC emailed. Josh has been asked about that. Standard practice is not to confirm anything about his email, so his answer to press was that he would not comment/confirm. I recollect that Josh was also asked if POTUS ever noticed her personal email account and he said something like POTUS likely had better things to do than focus on his Cabinet s email addresses.Perhaps while the DOJ/FBI is taking a second look into Huma Abedin s emails, it can also take a repeat look at some of these, especially the ones involving POTUS.Via   Zero Hedge",0
19700,"BREAKING: HILLARY’S CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN On Close Friend, Top DOJ Official In Hillary FBI Probe: He “Kept Me Of Jail”","It s good to know Hillary s Campaign Chairman has such extraordinary ties with a top official involved in the reopening of Hillary s FBI probe Will this woman ever get the justice she deserves for decades of criminality? With all of her ties and crooked connections, is it even a possibility? The Justice Department official in charge of informing Congress about the newly reactivated Hillary Clinton email probe is a political appointee and former private-practice lawyer who kept Clinton Campaign Chairman John Podesta  out of jail,  lobbied for a tax cheat later pardoned by President Bill Clinton and led the effort to confirm Attorney General Loretta Lynch.Peter Kadzik, who was confirmed as assistant attorney general for legislative affairs in June 2014, represented Podesta in 1998 when independent counsel Kenneth Starr was investigating Podesta for his possible role in helping ex-Bill Clinton intern and mistress Monica Lewinsky land a job at the United Nations. Fantastic lawyer. Kept me out of jail,  Podesta wrote on Sept. 8, 2008 to Obama aide Cassandra Butts, according to emails hacked from Podesta s Gmail account and posted by WikiLeaks.Kadzik s name has surfaced multiple times in regard to the FBI s investigation of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for using a private, homebrewed server. After FBI Director James Comey informed Congress on Thursday the FBI was reviving its inquiry when new evidence linked to a separate investigation was discovered, congressional leaders wrote to the Department of Justice seeking more information. Kadzik replied. We assure you that the Department will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible,  Kadzik wrote on Oct. 31.The DOJ is responsible for approving the bureau s warrant applications and ultimately for convening a grand jury.Fox News has previously confirmed the Justice Department was opposed to Comey making public the latest Clinton revelations. FOX News",0
19701,THREATS TO BUSINESS TO REMOVE TRUMP SIGN Prompts Even Better Pro-Trump Display [Video],"Please go to the BEST MULCH Facebook page and give them a thumbs up!Thank you all for the overwhelming support! We have gone viral! Please feel free to stop by and take pictures with Hillary! She will be out from dusk until dawn!Originally I only had the TRUMP sign posted in front of my business, within 2 hours of the sign being placed out front we received a voice mail from a blocked phone number which is played during the video. I will not be bullied into removing the TRUMP sign simply because it offended someone. My Country is just as important as my business, I will assume that the sign was to large and to high for her to destroy or steal. The voicemail was what prompted me to make the sign more noticeable and take an even more dramatic approach by adding Hilary to the jail cell. #Trump2016 Video by: Michael J Makowski Multimedia",0
19702,NARCISSIST OBAMA Stops Mid-Speech To Admonish Little Boy For Taking “Selfie” While He Talks [VIDEO],"It s okay he was probably just a racist white kid with Republican parents On a positive note, this is the last time America will see these two racist community organizers at a White House halloween party Barack has probably already forgotten the humiliation he caused every American when he took this infamous selfie with a few friends at Nelson Mandela s funeral ",0
19703,BOOM! FLORIDA PAPER Makes Unprecedented Apology After “Uncomfortably Sizable Number Of Readers” Complain About Anti-Trump Coverage,"Is this apology too little too late? After one year of bashing Trump, and with only one week left before the election, does this apology really matter now?A central Florida newspaper has apologized to its readers for the decidedly anti-Donald Trump coverage that has been published during the election.The Daily Commercial published an editorial titled  The media, the election and bias  on Oct. 23 that explained the paper is reliant on wire services for much of its election coverage and those reports are weighted heavily against Trump. The Daily Commercial hasn t done enough to mitigate the anti-Trump wave in the pages of this paper,  it wrote.  You deserve a more balanced approach to the coverage of elections and other weighty issues. In what it described as an  open letter  that it described as  part explanation, part reflection and part mea culpa  the paper apologized to its readers.",0
19704,ABSOLUTELY STUNNING VIDEO Shows How One Hacker Can Totally Change The Outcome Of Our Elections [VIDEO],"This video shows the frightening ease with which a hacker is able to completely change the outcome of an election. At the end of the video, Bev Harris, the founder of BlackBoxVoting.org gives a few suggestions about how we can help to fight and identify voter fraud. Please don t let this video discourage you from voting. Not every vote is going to be hacked, and not every precinct is using a GEMS system. If you live in a precinct that has an electronic voting machine, remember you may ask to vote with a paper ballot.Here is the full version of the video that has been shortened (below). The only fault in this video is that Bev Harris is working under the premise that the only people who steal votes are primarily white Republicans.We ve worked as poll challengers in Pontiac, Michigan in a polling place that housed 3 voting precincts. We witnessed unbelievable voter fraud that appeared to be strictly in favor of the Democrat party candidates. Voter fraud is not a Republican, Democrat, Independent, White, Black, Hispanic or Asian issue it s an issue that every American citizen should be concerned about. We should all be willing to take whatever action is necessary to protect the sanctity of our vote. Get involved. Be a poll challenger or poll watcher. Find out if you can be a witness to counting the absentee ballots in your area. Becoming active in thwarting voter fraud has never been more important than it will be in this upcoming election.Here is the shortened version:",0
19705,YIKES! Former Dem Pollster Makes Bold Prediction: “The Dam Is About To Break” [VIDEO],"Jimmy Carter s Democrat pollster Pat Caddell is predicting a Trump Tsunami, reminiscent of the Carter-Reagan election. Carter was ahead in all of the polls leading up to the election and Reagan shocked the world when he crushed him in a landslide Watch:",0
19706,BREAKING: WORLDSTAR HIP HOP Site Releases Rap Video…Blames “Hypocrite” Hillary For Not Acknowledging Bill Clinton’s Black Son…Doesn’t Care About Blacks [VIDEO],"Here is Danney Williams tragic story. There is something very sweet and sincere about this young man. He comes across as very credible, which is why so many media outlets have been willing to put his story out for everyone to see:What about @danney_williams Black Life. @IAmSteveHarvey @megynkelly @FoxNews @TheView @WendyWilliams @RealDLHughley Re-Tweet#DeadBeatDad pic.twitter.com/BGfMDtTpFR  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) October 12, 2016",0
19707,CNN FIRES BLACK DEM Party Chair: New Wikileaks Email Exposes SECOND Question Donna Brazile Gave To Crooked Hillary In Advance Of Debate,"You just can t make this up! CNN fires black Democrat operative/Chairman for getting caught giving debate question she got from CNN to Hillary prior to the debate. We re just wondering out loud, (since we know its the first logical conclusion the Left would come to) if CNN s management are just a bunch of ugly  racists ?Hillary supporters should be asking themselves why their candidate didn t  out  Brazile when she cheated the system? Update: Politico reports that in yet another statement, CNN spokeswoman Lauren Pratapas said that on Oct. 14, the network accepted Brazile s resignation.Here is the Wikileaks email:In a tweet, Brazile thanked CNN and her former colleagues there. On October 14th, CNN accepted Donna Brazile s resignation as a CNN contributor. (Her deal had previously been suspended in July when she became the interim head of the DNC.  In a tweet, Brazile thanked CNN and her former colleagues there. Thank you @CNN. Honored to be a Democratic Strategist and commentator on the network. Godspeed to all my former colleagues,  she wrote.Thank you @CNN. Honored to be a Democratic Strategist and commentator on the network. Godspeed to all my former colleagues.  Donna Brazile (@donnabrazile) October 31, 2016As we detailed earlier, it seems DNC Chair Donna Brazile is hoping for rescue by a higher power as the net narrows around her lies and obfuscation. Following more examples of Brazile passing debate questions to the Clinton Campaign, CNN spokesperson Lauren Pratapas said in a statement that:CNN  never gave Brazile access to any questions, prep material, attendee list, background information or meetings in advance of a town hall or debate. We are completely uncomfortable with what we have learned about her interactions with the Clinton campaign while she was a CNN contributor. While there has been no official statement from the DNC, here is Donna Brazile s latest tweet Please God, let this end soon  Donna Brazile (@donnabrazile) October 30, 2016 Zero Hedge",0
19708,"BREAKING: WHY DID OBAMA JUST Break Democrat Ranks, Throw Hillary Under The Bus On FBI Investigation?","Of course, we all know that Obama is not a man of integrity or character. There has to be something in it for him. Did FBI Director James Comey cut a deal with Barack? Why is every other Democrat calling for Comey s head? It s unprecedented for Democrats to break ranks on something this important. Stay tuned President Barack Obama does not believe FBI Director James Comey is attempting to influence this year s presidential vote, Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Monday. The President doesn t believe that he s secretly strategizing to benefit one candidate or one political party,  Earnest said.  He s in a tough spot, and he s the one who will be in a position to defend his actions in the face of significant criticism from a variety of legal experts, including individuals who served in senior Department of Justice positions in administrations led by presidents in both parties. The White House had no role in Comey s decision to inform Congress he was investigating new emails related to Hillary Clinton s private server, Earnest added.Earnest said he would neither  defend nor criticize  the decision. He s aiming to preserve the integrity of the review into whether additional emails discovered on a laptop belonging to Anthony Weiner are relevant to an investigation into Clinton s use of a private email server while she was secretary of state.Earnest said that norms about making information public should be followed.Amid outcry about Comey s decision, Earnest called the FBI director a man of  integrity and good character.   CNN ",0
19709,HALLOWEEN HORROR: Mom Dresses Her Son Up As Hillary Clinton: “Our 8-year-old son is with you”,"Same-Sex Marriages, 10 Years LaterDGR @DebbersGar Writer producer creative director wife of a lady mom to two master of a pup. Not necessarily in that order.The Backstory: Our 5 yo daughter had no costume. We said: How about HRC? Daughter: Nope. Son: Well someone s gotta be Hillary!",0
19710,LOL! PHOTO Accompanying Google Search Of “Pathological Liar” Says It All,"The truth hurts  The idea that there are people in America who would willingly vote for a person to be our next President, that most of America considers to be a  Pathological Liar  is really quite stunning Why would anyone want to associate  pathological lying  and Hillary Clinton?For more than an hour as of approximately 11:50 p.m. Sunday, a Google search for the terms  pathological lying  was producing a picture of Mrs. Clinton.The picture appears as the illustration for what Google calls a special  featured snippet block  at the top of the page. The snippet quotes from, and includes a link to, the Wikipedia article for  pathological lying. By early Monday morning, the image had been removed from the Google search.Part of what makes the result odd is that while Mrs. Clinton has been accused of dishonesty and dissembling for the entire quarter-century since she became a national political figure as first lady, the Wikipedia article itself doesn t mention her or any specific cases of dishonesty by her.   Washington Times",0
19711,IF THESE CELEBRITIES ARE “With Her” Then Why Is Hillary Paying Them Big Bucks After Performing At Fundraisers?,"Hillary gives pay-to-play a whole new meaning Lady Gaga, Katy Perry and Tony Bennett all have one thing in common every one of them got paid after performing to raise money for Hillary. So are they  with her  or are they only  with her  if she pays up?  Of course, this begs the question,  besides Chelsea, is anybody really  with Hillary ? Pop star Lady Gaga cashed a $21,000 check from Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign, campaign finance records show.Gaga is a public backer of Clinton, and performed at a fundraiser for the former secretary of state at Manhattan s luxurious Plaza Hotel in June 2015, an event that carried a price tag of $2,700 per head.During the fundraiser, Clinton snapped a picture alongside Gaga and singer Tony Bennett, who also performed at the event. The picture shows Gaga holding up a shirt that read,  Yaaas Hillary!  Hillary posted the photo to her Instagram account.Two months after the event, on Aug. 25, 2015, Hillary for American made a $21,088 payment to Mermaid Touring Inc. for  event production  in Los Angeles, California. The company is registered in the state of New York and lists Stefani Germanotta, the birth name of Lady Gaga, as its chief executive officer.Gaga urged her New York-based fans on Twitter to get out and vote for Clinton in the Democratic primaries. Hillary for America s New York primary day blog highlighted the tweet on its website.Tony Bennett, also an open Clinton backer, called the Democratic candidate the  most qualified person to ever run for president  shortly before the New York primaries. He has received two separate payments from the Clinton campaign, Federal Election Commission records show.The first check to Bennett was dated for July 17, 2015 in the amount of $2,052 for  event production  purposes and came one month after the fundraiser.On Jan. 7, 2016 nearly seven months after the fundraiser another check was cut to Bennett in the amount of $4,421, also for  event production. This is not the first time that a celebrity who publicly backs Clinton has received payments from her campaign.The Washington Free Beacon previously reported that pop star Katy Perry s company, Kitty Purry, Inc., was given $70,000 from Hillary for America.In total, $97,561 in payments was dished out between Gaga, Bennett, and Perry from the campaign.Clinton s campaign did not return a request for comment on why the payment was issued to Gaga by press time.  WFB",0
19712,WHOA! CHICAGO TRIBUNE: “If Nation Was More Important To Democrats Than Power”…They Would “Ask Her To Step Down Now”,"This is hands down the best commentary yet on the Democrats and the crooked, defiant and arrogant Hillary. The Democrats are notorious for being a party that refuses to back down, and they re not backing down now, even if it means losing the respect and trust of an entire nation. Party first. That s how its always been with the Dems, and their circle of protection, including lie after lie that is being told to defend her only proves that there are no exceptions to that rule Has America become so numb by the decades of lies and cynicism oozing from Clinton Inc. that it could elect Hillary Clinton as president, even after Friday s FBI announcement that it had reopened an investigation of her emails while secretary of state?We ll find out soon enough.It s obvious the American political system is breaking down. It s been crumbling for some time now, and the establishment elite know it and they re properly frightened. Donald Trump, the vulgarian at their gates, is a symptom, not a cause. Hillary Clinton and husband Bill are both cause and effect.FBI director James Comey s announcement about the renewed Clinton email investigation is the bombshell in the presidential campaign. That he announced this so close to Election Day should tell every thinking person that what the FBI is looking at is extremely serious.This can t be about pervert Anthony Weiner and his reported desire for a teenage girl. But it can be about the laptop of Weiner s wife, Clinton aide Huma Abedin, and emails between her and Hillary. It comes after the FBI investigation in which Comey concluded Clinton had lied and been  reckless  with national secrets, but said he could not recommend prosecution.So what should the Democrats do now?If ruling Democrats hold themselves to the high moral standards they impose on the people they govern, they would follow a simple process:They would demand that Mrs. Clinton step down, immediately, and let her vice presidential nominee, Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia, stand in her place.Democrats should say, honestly, that with a new criminal investigation going on into events around her home-brew email server from the time she was secretary of state, having Clinton anywhere near the White House is just not a good idea.Since Oct. 7, WikiLeaks has released 35,000 emails hacked from Clinton campaign boss John Podesta. Now WikiLeaks, no longer a neutral player but an active anti-Clinton agency, plans to release another 15,000 emails.What if she is elected? Think of a nation suffering a bad economy and continuing chaos in the Middle East, and now also facing a criminal investigation of a president. Add to that congressional investigations and a public vision of Clinton as a Nixonian figure wandering the halls, wringing her hands.The best thing would be for Democrats to ask her to step down now. It would be the most responsible thing to do, if the nation were more important to them than power. And the American news media   fairly or not firmly identified in the public mind as Mrs. Clinton s political action committee   should begin demanding it.But what will Hillary do?She ll stick and ride this out and turn her anger toward Comey. For Hillary and Bill Clinton, it has always been about power, about the Clinton Restoration and protecting fortunes already made by selling nothing but political influence.She ll remind the nation that she s a woman and that Donald Trump said terrible things about women. If there is another notorious Trump video to be leaked, the Clintons should probably leak it now. Then her allies in media can talk about misogyny and sexual politics and the headlines can be all about Trump as the boor he is and Hillary as champion of female victims, which she has never been.Remember that Bill Clinton leveraged the  Year of the Woman.  Then he preyed on women in the White House and Hillary protected him. But the political left   most particularly the women of the left   defended him because he promised to protect abortion rights and their other agendas.If you take a step back from tribal politics, you ll see that Mrs. Clinton has clearly disqualified herself from ever coming near classified information again. If she were a young person straight out of grad school hoping to land a government job, Hillary Clinton would be laughed out of Washington with her record. She d never be hired.As secretary of state she kept classified documents on the home-brew server in her basement, which is against the law. She lied about it to the American people. She couldn t remember details dozens of times when questioned by the FBI. Her aides destroyed evidence by BleachBit and hammers. Her husband, Bill, met secretly on an airport tarmac with Attorney General Loretta Lynch for about a half-hour, and all they said they talked about was golf and the grandkids.And there was no prosecution of Hillary.That isn t merely wrong and unethical. It is poisonous.And during this presidential campaign, Americans were confronted with a two-tiered system of federal justice: one for standards for the Clintons and one for the peasants.For entire article: Chicago Tribune",0
19713,CROOKED HARRY REID Threatens FBI Director James Comey In Letter…Last Paragraph Of Letter Says It All,"Scumbag Senator Harry Reid (D-NV) lays bare how Democrats handle anyone who opposes them in his arrogant, threatening  letter to FBI Director James Comey. Funny, I don t remember Comey getting a public admonishment from Harry Reid when he essentially let Hillary off the hook. Hillary should ve been taken away in handcuffs, but she walked right back onto the campaign trail without missing a beat. Where was Harry s outrage then? Why wasn t he  reminding  Comey who put him in his powerful position several months ago? The crooked Democrats house of cards is falling and its almost funny (almost) how they re blaming the Russians, Donald J. Trump and now James Comey for their inability to keep their crookedness hidden from the public. The top Democrat in the Senate on Sunday accused FBI director James Comey of violating federal law by showing favoritism to  one political party over another  by publicly stating that he had been made aware of new evidence in the Clinton email investigation. I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act,  Senator Minority Leader Harry Reid s (D-Nevada) letter to Comey reads. Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law,  Reid said.The Democrat also accuses Comey of suppressing negative information related to the Republican presidential candidate   Donald Trump. In my communications with you and other top officials in the national security community, it has become clear that you possess explosive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump, his top advisors, and the Russian government,  the letter reads. The public has a right to know this information   And yet, you continue to resist calls to inform the public of this critical information,  he said, referring to the  explosive  ties he accuses Trump having with Russia.Reid goes on to accuse Comey of  tarring Secretary Clinton with thin innuendo  by writing his letter to Congress informing the lawmakers of new evidence in the Clinton investigation. You rushed to take this step eleven days before a presidential election, despite the fact that for all you know, the information you possess could be entirely duplicative of the information you already examined which exonerated Secretary Clinton,  he wrote.- NYPHere is the last paragraph of Reid s letter to Comey. In a typical Chicago-like thug tactic, Harry Reid reminds Comey how he got to be the director of the FBI and how he owed Reid more for sticking his wretched old neck out for him:Here is Reid s letter in its entirety to James Comey:",0
19714,BREAKING BOMBSHELL: WEINER IS COOPERATING…FBI Didn’t Need Warrant…NOT Good News For Crooked Hillary [VIDEO],"One can only imagine what kind of relationship Hillary has with her very close top aide s soon to be ex-husband Fox News Sunday reported this morning that Anthony Weiner is cooperating with the FBI, which has re-opened (yes, lefties:  re-opened ) the investigation into Hillary Clinton s classified emails. Watch as Chris Wallace reports the breaking news during the panel segment near the end of the show:https://youtu.be/x13hBwS9q2cAnd the news is breaking while we re on the air. Our colleague Bret Baier has just sent us an e-mail saying he has two sources who say that Anthony Weiner, who also had co-ownership of that laptop with his estranged wife Huma Abedin, is cooperating with the FBI investigation, had given them the laptop, so therefore they didn t need a warrant to get in to see the contents of said laptop. Pretty interesting development. Targets of federal investigations will often cooperate, hoping that they will get consideration from a judge at sentencing. Given Weiner s well-known penchant for lying, it s hard to believe that a prosecutor would give Weiner a deal based on an agreement to testify, unless his testimony were very strongly corroborated by hard evidence. But cooperation can take many forms   and, as Wallace indicated on this morning s show, one of those forms could be signing a consent form to allow investigators to review the contents of devices that they could probably get a warrant for anyway. We ll see if Weiner s cooperation extends beyond that.Via: Red State",0
19715,DRUNKS and EMPTY SEATS: Crooked Hillary Panders To Patrons At Florida Bar…Speaks To Empty Seats In Ft Lauderdale Baptist Church [VIDEO],"The woman whose criminal investigation has been reopened by the FBI is speaking to a sparsely populated black church in Ft. Lauderdale Florida. We are only 9 days away from the election people and this woman still can barely fill a phone booth with legitimate supporters Hillary Clinton at mount olive baptist church Fort Lauderdale pic.twitter.com/czgRUBR9sn  Amy Sherman (@AmySherman1) October 30, 2016Maybe the attendance was low because good Christian people probably have better things to do on a Sunday then go to church to listen to a sociopathic liar or maybe blacks just don t like being insulted by Hillary, like in this email released by Wikileaks.BOMBSHELL Racist Hillary Clinton Calls "" Blacks, Muslims and Rom*** Never Do Wells "" !!#PodestaEmails #TrumpTapes pic.twitter.com/7nJL2fZWjz   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) October 8, 2016Hillary Clinton has just arrived at New Mount Olive Baptist Church in Fort Lauderdale, FL for Sunday church service (of course) pic.twitter.com/McRUE3mCmR  Liz Kreutz (@ABCLiz) October 30, 2016Her speech in church followed an early afternoon stop at a local bar where Hillary was drumming up support from drunks:https://twitter.com/NCSBM/status/792759839495639041",0
19716,SEX OBJECTS FOR HILLARY…Jennifer Lopez Shakes A*S On Stage In Thong For Crooked Hillary…You Can’t Make This Stuff Up! [VIDEO],"Pop star Madonna got raunchy while introducing comedian Amy Schumer at a performance in New York City Tuesday night, promising the crowd sexual favors in exchange for their support of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. If you vote for Hillary Clinton, I will give you a blowjob. OK?  the 58-year-old Rebel Heart singer told an audience at New York s Madison Square Garden Tuesday night.  I m really good. I m not a douche, and I m not a tool. I take my time, I have a lot of eye contact, and I do swallow.   BreitbartWatch the classless Lopez  perform  for Hillary here:.@JLo booty shake @HillaryClinton GOTV concert Miami Florida pic.twitter.com/zrFokjtKpH  Tamara Gitt (@tamaragitt) October 30, 2016And then there s this special act in Lopez s concert for Hillary. Every mom supporting Hillary will want to teach her daughters to try this at home How to spin this.https://t.co/iKfSnjDf7c pic.twitter.com/D0HDStnGiA  Arma Obscurum (@ShootingHipster) October 30, 2016J-Lo campaigns with Hillary at last night's rally in Miami. pic.twitter.com/Dr6yqCdBH8  Steve Milloy (@JunkScience) October 30, 2016And finally, the  Champion of Women  joined da ho and her ex on stage:Hillary Clinton joins Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony on stage https://t.co/jnBiRtZ1BD pic.twitter.com/xNaA2XNLoj  Miami Herald (@MiamiHerald) October 30, 2016 ",0
19717,ANTI-HILLARY HALLOWEEN HOUSE Gets Violent Threats You Won’t Believe…This Woman Is So Brave! [Video],Via: TMZ,0
19718,DEMOCRATS CAUGHT Paying Halfway House Patients $300 To Vote For Hillary [VIDEO],A lawless party whose end always justifies the means Why wouldn t everyone want another lawless President residing over our nation from a party with no morals or respect for the laws of our nation?https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU7/status/792465012585406464,0
19719,TRUMP LEAVES CLINTON PUPPET George Stephanopoulos Wishing He Wouldn’t Have Asked That Question…[VIDEO],"The days of the leftist media controlling the narrative are officially over Donald Trump and Melania Trump held and interview with George Stephanopoulos from ABC News. Stephanopoulos always tries to come across as some sort of intellectual non-biased journalist but this is far from the truth.Stephanopoulos worked for the Clintons in the 1990 s and was the White House communications Director from 1992 through 1996.George also donated to the Clinton Foundation and was noted in WikiLeaks as one of the many media  journalists  doing all they can to get Hillary elected.But he got Trumped   at the 18 min 40 second mark of the interview he asks Trump if he would have done anything different and Trump s response was epic.George Stephanopoulos: When you look back over the sweep of this campaign, going back to last June, is there anything you regret?Donald Trump: Oh absolutely I would have loved to have done certain things over but you can t. You can t. But that s true in life. I would have loved to have done in life certain things over I guess. And you would have too.George Stephanopoulos: Give me one.Donald Trump: You would loved not to have contributed to the Clinton Foundation as an example. There are things you wish you wouldn t do  But George all you can do is put your head down and move forward.   Gateway Pundit",0
19720,UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS Warns Of 29 Offensive Halloween Costumes Not To Wear Or Else!,"Leave your cowboy boots and Hawaiian leis at home this Halloween unless you want to hear from University of Texas-Austin administrators.Sorority and Fraternity Life, part of the Office of the Dean of Students, issued its updated  costume and theme resource guide  last week, instructing UT Greeks to avoid Halloween party costumes and themes that may  appropriate another culture or experience. It s one of many school-sponsored guides or checklists recently given to the nation s college students, particularly members of fraternities and sororities, telling them what they can and can t wear in the runup to Halloween.Though schools generally don t list penalties for wearing a costume considered offensive, a Greek official at Pennsylvania s Gettysburg College went so far as to warn fellow Greeks their chapters could be shut down if they wear the wrong costumes.Don t think about  sensationalizing  transgender celebritiesThe UT-Austin document informs students right away that their costume and theme choices will be scrutinized year-round, not just for Halloween.It advises them to keep themed social events  safe, appropriate, and fun,  and to avoid offending other subcultures by obeying a 29-point checklist.The guide encourages students to avoid  exotic  or  unique  themes, especially those which may reference a  living culture  or  current subculture.  It suggests that  sensationalizing  transgender celebrities such as Laverne Cox and Caitlyn Jenner will be frowned upon. Have we consulted with  experts?  Is it educational?  the guide advises students in the event they decide to portray a culture. Such  experts  include  community leaders or faculty. Students should also be careful to avoid  utilizing generic store-bought costumes  that may not be fully  authentic  if the theme is cultural, the guide says. It suggests hosting a  non-social event  if students want to  educate  each other about a culture.It lists 11 separate  harmful  themes, including any  generalized representation  of Asian culture or  Indigenous  cultures, such as  Cowboys and Indians,  as well as  tropical  or  fiesta. Read more: The College Fix",0
19721,THREE THEORIES On Why FBI’s Comey Reopened Clinton Email Probe…Why Now?,"NBC reports:The FBI is reviewing a new batch of Hillary Clinton emails, bureau director James Comey said in a letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee on Friday: In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation   I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation,  he wrote.The very first thing to note is that Comey made no mention of a grand jury. The emails whose existence he learned of may have been the result of a subpoena in another investigation (Anthony Weiner). It was announced ten days ago that grand jury would be convened to investigate Weiner s sexting  by the end of the month.  The timing of Comey s letter strongly suggests that the devices containing new emails were obtained through a grand jury subpoena, with no immunity deals or evidence destruction needed. If that is the case, further subpoenas are quite possible, a tool that was left unused in the investigation to date.There are 3 competing theories as to why he might be doing this now that come to mind. He might be seeking to restore his badly damaged reputation, recognizing that the damage he has inflicted on the FBI is substantial. Three days ago, American Thinker published an open letter from a retired FBI Agent, Hugh Galyean, that laid out some of the damage Comey has inflicted on the institution he leads. There is little doubt that this reached many in the FBI family, putting in print what people have only whispered about. If those silenced voices start speaking out, Comey could face a serious loss of face. In this scenario, he is heading off a staff rebellion, possibly including mass resignations.  Rush Limbaugh today discussed an alternative theory, that by announcing an FBI Investigation resuming, Comey is putting a lid on further attention to Wikileaks. I guess this means that Clinton forces will argue we must wait for the investigation to be complete (after the election) before speaking about what the evil Russians are planting into our politics.  It is possible that something so dramatic came up in the pertinent emails that postponing a public reaction by not announcing the reopening of the investigation would, be regarded as political interference by covering up a smoking gun until after the election. In this scenario, Comey is assuming the evidence cannot be suppressed, and that he would be held accountable after it comes out.This scenario also indicates that we could be headed for a constitutional crisis, involving the possible indictment of a president-elect before an election. Or the evidence being turned over to the House of Representatives for impeachment hearings. Read more: American Thinker",0
19722,WHOA! 2006: HILLARY CLINTON CAUGHT Expressing Regret About Not Rigging Palestinian Elections,"Crooked Hillary has always been crooked. She s just been better than anyone America s ever seen at not getting caught On September 5, 2006, Eli Chomsky was an editor and staff writer for the Jewish Press, and Hillary Clinton was running for a shoo-in re-election as a U.S. senator. Her trip making the rounds of editorial boards brought her to Brooklyn to meet the editorial board of the Jewish Press.The tape was never released and has only been heard by the small handful of Jewish Press staffers in the room. According to Chomsky, his old-school audiocassette is the only existent copy and no one has heard it since 2006, until today when he played it for the Observer.The tape is 45 minutes and contains much that is no longer relevant, such as analysis of the re-election battle that Sen. Joe Lieberman was then facing in Connecticut. But a seemingly throwaway remark about elections in areas controlled by the Palestinian Authority has taken on new relevance amid persistent accusations in the presidential campaign by Clinton s Republican opponent Donald Trump that the current election is  rigged. Speaking to the Jewish Press about the January 25, 2006, election for the second Palestinian Legislative Council (the legislature of the Palestinian National Authority), Clinton weighed in about the result, which was a resounding victory for Hamas (74 seats) over the U.S.-preferred Fatah (45 seats). I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake,  said Sen. Clinton.  And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win. Chomsky recalls being taken aback that  anyone could support the idea offered by a national political leader, no less that the U.S. should be in the business of fixing foreign elections. Some eyebrows were also raised when then-Senator Clinton appeared to make a questionable moral equivalency.For entire story: Observer",0
19723,VOTING MACHINES FOR HILLARY! MD Woman Reports Voting Straight Ticket…Watched Machine Flip To Hillary [VIDEO],"A woman in Hollywood, Maryland is the latest in a number of early voters to claim that her ballot was switched to Hillary Clinton after she had tried to vote for Donald Trump.Maryland Trump Supporter: They Switched My Vote to Hillary   https://t.co/FkNiEUOZHH pic.twitter.com/dalY9KBWtj  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) October 28, 2016Noting that she had seen reports on the news of votes being flipped, the woman said,  I went in and voted a straight Republican ticket and thank God I went back and checked and they had switched my vote from Trump to (Hillary).  She said that she had to get the vote changed back by alerting election officials, who simply told her to vote for a second time.  I went back the second time and made sure they didn t change it,  she concluded.  As we reported earlier this week, voters in numerous areas of Texas have made a series of complaints that votes are being switched from Trump to Clinton.One election official responded by claiming the problems were caused by voters not understanding how to use the machines properly. Typically, we ve found it s voter error with the equipment,  Frank Phillips, Tarrant County s election administrator, told WFAA.  Sometimes they vote straight party and then click on other candidates   or do something with the wheel .There is not an issue with the equipment. However, Trump supporters continue to point to the reports as evidence that vote fraud may be taking place.   InfoWars ",0
19724,CLINTON SUPPORTER CARL BERNSTEIN : FBI Found A “Real Bombshell” [Video], ,0
19725,"BREAKING: FBI DIRECTOR JAMES COMEY Re-Opens Investigation Of Hillary’s Private Server, As New Details Emerge","The Federal Bureau of Investigations will reopen the investigation into Hillary Clinton s use of a private email server exclusively during her time as Secretary of State.In a letter to Congress, FBI director James B. Comey revealed that the bureau had learned of more emails connected to the investigation. I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed by on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation,  Comey wrote.Previously, Comey testified that the investigation was closed, but said that  recent developments  caused him to  supplement  his testimony.Comey did not give a timeline for the conclusion of the investigation.House oversight committee chairman Jason Chaffetz reacted to the news on Twitter.FBI Dir just informed me, ""The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation."" Case reopened  Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016 Case reopened,  he commented, citing Comey s letter.Via: Breitbart",0
19726,HORRIFIC: THE HUMANITARIAN CRISIS Our “Open Borders” President Doesn’t Want You To Know About,"Barack Obama and Hillary are both advocates of open-borders. They privately use their position on open-borders and amnesty to gain support from Catholics and bleeding-heart liberals. The pretend to be a champion of the Hispanic community. But are leaders who encourage people from other nations to cross over our borders illegally really committing an act of compassion? Children are being moved across our borders with total strangers posing as parents or relatives and being left for our government to figure out how to care for them. Citizens from other countries infected with deadly diseases cross our borders and then move around freely in our society, infecting any legal American who comes in contact with them, including innocent school children. And what about the illegal aliens who pay the worst kind of vermin to get them across our borders? How many of those illegal aliens are found dead by ranchers with property on or near our borders? Instead of feeling compassion Americans are left feeling outraged. Bob Price of Breitbart News shares some of the stunning consequences of open-borders here:  The dead bodies of 53 illegal immigrants have been found in one Texas county after crossing the border this year. The remains of the 53, mostly Mexican and Central American nationals, represent an increase over 2015 numbers despite an effort by local, state, and federal law enforcement officials.The Brooks County Sheriff s Office informed Breitbart Texas on Thursday night that they had recovered the remains of yet another dead illegal immigrant in the fields of a ranch located roughly 80 miles north of the Mexican border. Brooks County is not a border county but is the location of a Border Patrol checkpoint on one of the main human smuggling routes from to inland cities like Houston, San Antonio, and Dallas. These cities are transportation hubs for the human smuggling networks operated mostly by Mexican drug cartels. The surge of illegal immigrants coming up from the border is once again resulting in an increase in deaths,  Brooks County Sheriff s Office Chief Deputy Benny Martinez told Breitbart Texas in an exclusive interview.  What is happening to these people is truly a humanitarian crisis. The Border Patrol operates a checkpoint in the middle of Brooks County on Highway 281. Human smugglers attempting to move their cargo northward must either smuggle the illegal immigrants through the checkpoint or, move them on foot around it through neighboring ranches. Forced marches through very hazardous conditions are what has led to the deaths in most cases. In addition to the heat and lack of water, the smuggled aliens must also travel through terrain consisting of sand so soft that 4-wheel-drive vehicles can get stuck. They must also avoid poisonous snakes, scorpions, cactus and thorns   all of which can debilitate a hiker, causing the coyotes to abandon them. These coyotes are ruthless, callous people who care nothing about what happens to the people they are moving through our county,  Martinez explained.  If you can t keep up with them on the trail because you have become injured, dehydrated, overheated, or exhausted, they just abandon you and leave you to die. Go here for entire story: Breitbart News",0
19727,"LOL! HOW TO TRIGGER A LIBERAL On Halloween: “Make Your Costume The Most Tasteless, Triggering Sh*t…And Post It All Over Social Media” [VIDEO]",It probably explains why we love this guy so much!***Strong language warning***,0
19728,GUESS WHO’S BEHIND Sickening Ad Showing Boy Being Bullied Because His Dad Didn’t Vote [VIDEO],"This ad is disgusting in so many ways. The video shows a group of kids bullying and name calling another kid because his dad didn t vote. We ve seen these tactics used before with union members and other leftists in the Democrat Party. But at a time when schools and parents are being asked to be more vigilant about bullying, what makes this group who supports Hillary, and spends money to ensure Trump doesn t win the election think this is okay? America is starting to discover through a series of Hillary s campaign manager s emails, and undercover videos exposing the corrupt nature of Hillary s campaign, those who support her through various radical groups and organizations and of course, the Democratic Party.This video, from  non-profit  Civic Innovation Works, also has a Super PAC with the same name that supports Hillary to children everywhere sends a clear message: If you know of a kid who s parents aren t planning to vote, it might be a good time to start bullying them Watch:This ad was funded by a Civic Innovation Works whose officer is the same person who is named as the treasurer on the radical Civic Innovation Super PAC. Sounds pretty harmless right? Well actually, they re a group who funds ads for Hillary and ads against Trump. One of their top contributors is co-founder of Facebook, Dustin Moskovitz.The billionaire who made a fortune off of Facebook, a social media platform that was created for users of all races, ages and political backgrounds has committed to spending $20 million to defeat Trump in the upcoming election. You ll never hear about him and his desire to affect the outcome of the election by funding a campaign against Donald J. Trump.Daniel Hausman is the treasurer of the leftist group, Civic Innovation USA. Here are screen shots of a few of their recent expenditures. The organization that promotes bullying of kids by other kids supports Hillary:They also spent money to defeat Trump:How much more evidence do American voters need to see the Democratic Party is not their grandparents, or even their parents party? ",0
19729,"BREAKING VIDEO: HILLARY CLINTON STUMBLES Up Stairs On Plane…Microphone Catches Her Asking, “Why Can’t You Go Any Closer?”","Ladies and gentlemen  the Democrats have dumped an unfit candidate on its party for the highest office in our nation If this woman can t even walk up a short ramp, and complains about having to walk the distance between her vehicle and the ramp to her private plane how the heck is she supposed to be fit enough to run our nation? Hillary Clinton s vehicle pulled up to within about 3 feet from the ramp leading to her private plane. You can hear her ask  Why can t you go any closer?  Really? Is she really not able to walk 3 feet to the ramp?  Watch, as she very carefully navigates the stairs without assistance from her typical handlers and stumbles. She was then seen mumbling to herself.My 99 year-old grandmother had more energy and confidence in her ability to walk than Hillary ",0
19730,CNN HACK ATTEMPTS “GOTCHA” Moment With Trump…Immediately Regrets It [VIDEO],"Watch CNN, Dana Bash ask Donald a question she wishes she didn t:Trump shuts down Dana Bash after questioning him for ""taking time off"" to attend his hotel's grand opening.   pic.twitter.com/LtLAu1jkbQ  Asa J   (@asamjulian) October 26, 2016",0
19731,MUST WATCH: Trump Supporter Unleashes Truth On Fox Pundits: “Americans are tired of fighting other people for jobs!”,"Brunell Donald-Kyei:  We want tougher immigration. To make sure that our borders are safe! That we are not fighting illegal aliens and refugees for jobs! Americans are tired of fighting other people for jobs! That frustration is real. That hurt is real. And for the pols and different people to dismiss that? It s not right! The most important issue to me is economics. Because the last eight years   the economy   the poor people of this nation have suffered. The middle class has suffered. And let me tell you something: The American people don t want to be dealing with a President going into office with all the baggage, with all the investigations that are going to be on top of Hillary Clinton.Our nation needs to heal. We want to heal. We want peace between the races. We want to make sure that our youth, whether they re white, black, Hispanic   have jobs! We want to make sure that the Constitution is protected! Those are American issues! that has absolutely nothing to do with your race. That s to protect this nation! And we want tougher immigration. To make sure that our borders are safe! That we are not fighting illegal aliens and refugees for jobs! Americans are tired of fighting other people for jobs! That frustration is real. That hurt is real. And for the pols and different people to dismiss that? It s not right!  TRUST US! YOU WILL LOVE THIS!Americas Sweetheart @brunelldonald jus took down Krauthammer Elitist Panel! Everything u need 2know on why Donald Trump NOT Hillary Clinton pic.twitter.com/tnKEXjWmSJ  DEPLORABLE TRUMPCAT (@Darren32895836) October 26, 2016Via: GP",0
19732,"DO WOMAN WANT TO ELECT A BULLY Whose Campaign Works With Shady Operatives To Incite Violence Against Women, Children And Senior Citizens? [VIDEO]","As a mother of three young girls, Hillary is the last person I would consider a role model for women. She is cold, calculating and has a long history of disrespect and accounts of  violent behavior towards her subordinates and even her husband Bill. More than one secret service agent has come forward to tell the truth about Hillary and her violent temper. One of her secret service agents tells of the disrespect Hillary showed for  the secret service agents who risked their lives to keep her safe by greeting them with,  F**k off! It s enough that I have to see you shit-kickers every day, I m not going to talk to you too!! Just do your G*damn job and keep your mouth shut. (From the book  American Evita  by Christopher Anderson, p. 90- Hillary to her State Trooper bodyguards after one of them greeted her with  Good morning. ) In  The Clintons  War On Women  (Skyhorse), out Oct. 13, political strategist Roger Stone details Hillary s abusive behavior   dating back to the Clintons  days in Arkansas, where Bill served as governor. Hillary Clinton has a long history of being domestically violent with Bill,  Stone writes.  Hillary has beaten Bill, hit him with hard objects, scratched and clawed him, and made him bleed. When you spend your whole life acting like a bully, it should come as no surprise to anyone that Hillary would approve of the kind of hateful behavior we ve seen from her supporters towards the only man who has the ability to take away the one goal she s worked for her entire life. Effective leaders inspire movements that exist only when people choose to move in the same direction. Without a leader, movements fragment and get nowhere. The leader s job is to inspire people to work together in the service of something greater than themselves. Does anyone really believe that Trump supporters deserved to be sucker punched, kicked, beaten, or have objects lobbed at their heads and bodies? What if the reason innocent Trump supporters were randomly attacked is because a certain  leader  of the Democratic Party feels her grip on the American people slipping away by an outside force she never counted on?What if Hillary actually condoned violence against Trump supporters, as a way to intimidate them, hoping they d be afraid to attend future Trump rallies? What if the massive number of Trump supporters showing up at his rallies caused Hillary to panic and  fear she may have to explain to the press why she couldn t even fill a high school gym with her supporters?What if Trump represented all that the Left has fought so hard to erase from American history and culture?  And what if Hillary was working in conjunction with our current President and other underground figures actually condoned this kind of violence against Trump supporters even paid for it?If you ve seen any of the recently released Project Veritas videos, you d know that this is not only a possibility, but a shocking reality. Even some of the most ardent supporters of Hillary should be sickened by the actions this woman and her party are willing take in order to maintain their power.Here are a few videos every American should see before stepping into the voting booths or mailing in their absentee ballots. Every American needs to ask themselves if they want to see a leader who inspires violence, division and hate or, if they desire a true leader of all people, who has one goal to make Make America Great Again Here s Donald Trump on the violence committed against his supporters:Here s Hillary committing psychological warfare against Trump and his supporters, as she attempts to blame Donald for the violence being committed against his followers:https://youtu.be/lAoYEY6DSscThese violent anti-Trump activists will harm anyone who gets in the way of them achieving their goals, even an 8 and 11 year old girl:Our very own Vice President Joe Biden says he d like beat up Donald Trump behind the gym. Hmmmm .sounds like another Democrat inciting violence #HillarysBullies are the worst of America pic.twitter.com/jCOi57likH  Hardhat Patriot (@Hardhat_Patriot) October 26, 2016Who can forget the young man who was walking down the sidewalk holding a Trump sign and was sucker punched in the back of his head, then was chased down by a Muslim man who tackled to the ground? He barely got away from this angry mob who descended on him and threatened his life over his support for Trump:Here s a Hispanic senior citizen who was attacked by what appears to be a mob of angry Hispanic Hillary supporters (likely illegal aliens):We did a story in March about a disabled veteran who walked 3 miles with a cane to get to the Trump rally after anti-Trump activists shut down the road that led to his rally:Finally, a compilation of attacks on Trump supportershttps://youtu.be/FvBH7f6KJeU",0
19733,"WOW! NEW VIDEO BLOWS UP CORRUPTION Between Obama, Democratic Operative, Hillary Campaign “Consultant” Bob Creamer [VIDEO]","These videos, by James O Keefe and friends at Project Veritas bust the corrupt nature of Hillary Clinton s campaign, the Democratic Party and the underbelly of their operations wide open. James O Keefe has taken a sledge hammer to this well-organized criminal machine. If American voters are not shocked to the core by the level of corruption used to elect Hillary, they no longer have a conscience . Watch Bob Creamer admit to undercover agent for Project Veritas that Obama is trying to make America more like GUN-FREE Britain at the 15 min. mark.Bob Creamer on Obama:  He s a pro I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues, helping to run issue campaigns that they ve been involved in like immigration reform campaigns, for the health care bill, for the ah to try to make America more like Britain on Gun issues. In the effort to prove the credibility of the undercover donor featured in the videos and to keep the investigation going, Project Veritas Action made the decision to donate twenty thousand dollars to Robert Creamer s effort. Project Veritas Action had determined that the benefit of this investigation outweighed the cost. And it did. In an unexpected twist, AUFC president Brad Woodhouse, the recipient of the $20,000, heard that Project Veritas Action was releasing undercover videos exposing AUFC s activities. He told a journalist that AUFC was going to return the twenty thousand dollars. He said it was because they were concerned that it might have been an illegal foreign donation. Project Veritas Action was pleased but wondered why that hadn t been a problem for the month that they had the money.One of the key figures in O Keefe s report is convicted felon and husband of Rep. Jan Schakowsky ( D-IL), Robert Creamer who oversaw a check-kiting scheme so elaborate that his employees followed a written manual   complete with detailed instructions on when and where to float checks totaling millions of dollars.As it turns out, convicted felon Robert Creamer was a frequent visitor of the White House. Between 11/21/2009 and 6/24/2016, Robert Creamer appears to have visited the White House 342 times, 340 times as  Robert Creamer  and twice as  Bob Creamer . He logged in times and was either a guest of Barack Obama or his lovely wife Michelle. One can only wonder what business Michelle had with this criminal. Hmmm ",0
19734,WOMAN INTRODUCING HILLARY Refuses To Say “One Nation Under God”…Hillary Laughs [VIDEO],"Watch Hillary laugh when the woman who is introducing her at one of her tiny rallies, intentionally pauses to make sure everyone notices her omission, then skips the  one nation under God  part of her speech.Hey Hillary .This might not be a good time for you to disrespect God. Who knows, you may need him someday Watch her choke on ""Under God"" & ""indivisible"" This is #HillarysAmerica #VoteTrump & #DrainTheSwamp#TrumpTheEstablishment #MAGA3X pic.twitter.com/kKESSW2pUC   MAGA Mama  (@tteegar) October 25, 2016",0
19735,CROOKED SOROS: Trump Will Win Popular Vote In LANDSLIDE…Trump Will Lose Electoral Vote…Hillary Is “Done Deal” [VIDEO],Very interesting remarks from a guy who is in up to his neck with the underbelly of the Democrat Party https://youtu.be/_7LzLNgExYk,0
19736,BERKELEY COLLEGE THUGS Form Human Chain To Stop White Students From Attending Class [VIDEO],"Students at the University of California, Berkeley held a day of protest on Friday to demand the creation of additional  safe spaces  for transgender and nonwhite students, during which a human chain was formed on a main campus artery to prevent white students from getting to class.The demonstrators were caught on video blocking Berkeley s Sather Gate, holding large banners advocating the creation of physical spaces segregated by race and gender identity, including one that read  Fight 4 Spaces of Color. Protesters can be heard shouting  Go around!  to white students who attempt to go through the blockade, while students of color are greeted with calls of  Let him through! Students turned away by the mob are later shown filing through trees and ducking under branches in order to cross Strawberry Creek, which runs underneath the bridge.   Washington TimesI m pretty sure this is illegal but then again, we are living in lawless times. Hey, I ve got a great idea let s elect Hillary so we can just have complete anarchy in our streets and on our college campuses. Who needs rights anyhow? ",0
19737,WOW! Hillary’s VP Pick Tim Kaine Gets Only 30 People At Rally [Video],"BREAKING: #TimKaine rally only about 30 people show up. Her campaign is dead in #Florida nobody wants #HillaryClinton Serial Liar Corrupt pic.twitter.com/vgnWGHxXgs  Trump Street Team FL (@ChatRevolve) October 24, 2016HILLARY CAMPAIGN FREAKING OUT AT TRUMP SUPPORTERS:This was halfway during the event still empty and Hillary staff freaking out over us shouting facts #Trump2016 #NV #NC #Ohio @jetsfan255 pic.twitter.com/JLvgGJWYUL  Trump Street Team FL (@ChatRevolve) October 25, 2016",0
19738,DRAIN THE SWAMP! EPA Wastes Millions To Make Sure Employees Feel “Included”…”Advisory Bodies” = Scam,"The Environmental Protection Agency is looking to hire 15  Diversity and Inclusion Specialists,  each of whom will make $100,000 or more per year.The agency will hire employees to set up diversity and inclusion  advisory bodies  across the country, according to a government job posting. Earth Day is every day at EPA!  the agency said.  At EPA, you can protect human health and the environment of all Americans, and you ll discover that EPA is one great place to work! We offer great benefits and work flexibilities, and our diverse workforce connects to more than just a career we share a common passion to promote a cleaner, healthier environment,  the EPA said.The salary range for Diversity and Inclusion Specialists is between $99,785 and $146,570 per year. If all 15 positions are filled, the hires would cost taxpayers between $1,496,775 and $2,198,550 each year.The employees will be in charge of implementing a  diversity strategy  within the EPA s Office of Research and Development. Other duties include analyzing recruitment and retention, as well as setting up diversity and inclusion advisory boards.Read more: WFB",0
19739,LOL! Clinton News Network (CNN) SHUT DOWN At Trump Rally By Pro-Trump Deplorables [VIDEO],"A group of  deplorables  who are clearly sick and tired of the propaganda being passed off as  truth  by the Clinton News Network (CNN) managed to effectively shut down their pre-coverage of the Virginia Beach Trump rally. You gotta love the big guy wearing the Infowars Bill Clinton  Rape  t-shirt. You can hear the Trumpers yelling,  CNN sucks  and  no integrity.  Liberal media has no idea the genie that Trump let out of the bottle. Watch:",0
19740,BUSTED! ABC/WASHINGTON POST POLL Showing Hillary Clinton Leading Trump By +12 Is FAKE,"Those who were  shocked  by the latest ABC / Washington Post goal seeking report (aka  poll ) that shows Hillary opening up a 12-point lead with likely voters after the latest debate last Wednesday need to look a little further. Ironically, this  poll  farce was  embargoed for release after 9 a.m.  EST on Saturday, which made it a dominant topic of conversation on all the morning talk shows.Of course, like many of the recent polls from the likes of Reuters, ABC and The Washington Post, something curious emerges when you look just beneath the surface of the headline 12-point lead.Meanwhile, with huge variances in preference across demographics one can easily see how simple it is to  rig  a poll by over indexing to one group vs. another. While the pollsters release the the split of the sample pool by political affiliation, they do not share the split by any of the following demographics which are just as important to determining the outcome of the poll.  Zero Hedge METHODOLOGY   This ABC News poll was conducted by landline and cellular telephone Oct. 20-22, 2016, in English and Spanish, among a random national sample of 874 likely voters. Results have a margin of sampling error of 3.5 points, including the design effect. Partisan divisions are 36-27-31 percent, Democrats   Republicans   Independents. As we ve pointed out numerous times in the past, in response to Reuters  efforts to  tweak  their polls, per the The Pew Research Center, at least since 1992, democrats have never enjoyed a 9-point registration gap despite the folks at ABC and The Washington Post somehow convincing themselves it was a reasonable margin.Rush Limbaugh weighed in on the suspicious outlier poll that came out on Saturday night: I don t care what network you watch, maybe with Fox exempted, although certain places at Fox you ll find the same sentiment. It s over. And they all cite these polls. They all cite the polls that show Hillary up 10 to 12 points. And even take the low point at 10, I just saw somebody on CNN, a conservative Republican say,  At 10 points with two weeks it s over, there s no way you can reverse that, it s history. So they all believe the polls. In fact, their belief in the polls is biblical. I think these people have a greater confidence and faith in the polls than they do in the Bible. So it s over. And, furthermore, to show you just how over it is, the Democrats are actually now in red states where Trump may win those states, but they re in there and they re working down the ballot and they re gonna win back the House, they re gonna win back the Senate, and Chuck-U Schumer is gonna end up a majority leader in the Senate.And you Republicans, you are toast, do you understand? You Republicans, it s toast, and you Republicans had better start doing your postmortems right now, and you had better starting figuring out why this happened. You lost this because you saw to it that Trump was nominated, and if you weren t for Trump, you better find out who made it possible for Trump to be nominated, and you better do something about those people. Americans who are sick and tired of a corrupt media and the corrupt politicians they prop up, need to ignore these manufactured polls. Instead of wasting time reading this drivel, Americans need to be out knocking on doors and contacting friends, to explain to them why we need a President like Trump to DRAIN THE SWAMP!There has never been a better time to ignore Hillary s media and stay focused on the prize ",0
19741,THE LIST OF 65 MAINSTREAM MEDIA “Journalists” You Should Never Trust: Wikileaks Busts Media Hacks Working With Hillary’s Top Advisors,"Many of the hacks on this list like Rachel Maddow, Mark Halperin, Diane Sawyer and George Stephanoplous are expected, as they pretty much openly pander to Hillary and Bill Clinton. However, some of the names on this list provided by Wikileaks, who have colluded with the Clinton camp in some way, may surprise you A few of the  journalists  meeting offline with Hillary advisersThanks to Wikileaks we now know that at least 65 mainstream reporters were working closely with the Clinton campaign this election year. They were invited to top elitist dinners with Hillary Campaign Chairman John Podesta or Chief Campaign strategist Joel Benenson.NO FOX NEWS REPORTERS MADE THE LIST!These 65 mainstream reporters CAN NEVER BE TRUSTED:As previously reported  At least 38 top national reporters attended a different dinner at John Podesta s house in April 2015.The Clinton campaign sent out invites to New York reporters in April 2015 on their off-the-record meeting on how to sell Hillary Clinton to the public.These 38 reporters should NEVER BE TRUSTED! Via the Intercept: Another group of 25 mainstream reporters were invited to a dinner at Jhn Podesta s house on April 9.Here is the current RSVP list to the Thursday Night (4/9) dinner at Podesta s. As a reminder, this is with the 25 reporters more closely following HRC (aka the future bus). Via: Gateway PunditYes ABC   Liz KreutzYes AP   Julie PaceYes AP   Ken ThomasYes AP   Lisa LererAURN   April RyanYes Bloomberg   Jennifer EpsteinYes Buzzfeed   Ruby CramerYes CBS   Steve ChagarisYes CNBC   John HarwoodYes CNN   Dan MericaYes Huffington Post   Amanda TerkelNO (Panama)LAT   Mike Memoli YesLAT   Evan Handler YesMcClatchy   Anita Kumar YesMSNBC   Alex Seitz-Wald YesNational Journal   Emily Schultheis YesNBC   Mark Murray YesNPR   Tamara KeithNYT   Amy Chozik YesNYT   Maggie Haberman YesPolitico   Annie Karni Politico   Gabe DebenedettiYes Reuters   Amanda BeckerThe Hill   Amie Parnes YesWashington Post   Anne Gearan YesWSJ   Laura MecklerYes WSJ   Peter NicholasYes WSJ   Colleen McCain NelsonSo there it is, the list of corrupt players/ journalists  who bring Americans their  unbiased  news every day. Do you still believe the polls? ",0
19742,PRESIDENT OF RADICAL GROUP Advised Hillary On How To Fake Concern For Parents Of Black Lives Matter Victims…Blame Cops For Pain [VIDEO],"Wikileaks released an email from Center for American Progress President Neera Tanden, coaching Hillary on how to best gain the trust of the Black community by going directly to the victims being held up by Black Lives Matter movement as heroes, and faking empathy with the parents. She also mentions it would be a good idea to use the idea that their grief should be magnified because it happened at the hands of law enforcement officers (the state). The email was forwarded by Jen Palmieri who is the same person who was busted criticizing Catholics. Karen Finney, Hiilary s Senior Advisor for Communications and Political Outreach, & Senior Spokesperson for Hillary for America was also copied on the suggestion about how to fake concern for parents of Black Lives Matter victims.Here is an excerpt from the Wikileaks email:Hillary clearly took her advice, as she can been seen milking her phony support for mother s of Black Lives Matter victims by giving them a chance to appear at the DNC as her  special guests  to chant :Ever the actress, here s Hillary appealing to the black community with her newfound black dialect:",0
19743,WOW! WIKILEAKS Emails Shows How Hillary Will Bankrupt Gun Manufactures By Executive Order [VIDEO]," Clinton s radicalized rhetoric has championed both bans on what she calls  weapons of war,  and the  Australian model  of gun buybacks under the threat of government force.Actual  weapons of war machine guns and selective-fire firearms have not been manufactured for the civilian market for 30 years, and cannot be, due to the Hughes Amendment to the Firearm Owners Protection Act of 1986 (FOPA).Yes, you heard that correctly. Despite serial lies by Democrats and the mainstream media, actual military rifles are not manufactured for the American market and haven t been on over a generation.What Clinton actually wants to ban are the most common firearms sold in the United States. This includes common hunting rifles, target rifles, many popular handguns, standard rifle and pistol magazines, and if Clinton follows Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey s deranged lead, could result in the majority of firearms designed in the past 100 years being banned.The threat of new federal gun laws is even more pronounced if gun owners unhappy with their choice of Presidential candidates, opt to sit the 2016 elections out entirely, and Democrats manage to gain seats in the House and Senate, or even win majorities outright.In the 1990s and early 2000s, the Brady Campaign (former called the National Council to Control Handguns and Handgun Control, Inc.) used deep-pocketed gun control supporters to finance what was known as  lawfare. Anti-gun attorneys would look for people to use as patsies to serve as plaintiffs in frivolous civil lawsuits against gun dealers, distributors, and manufacturers. The goal of these suits were always transparent, and always the same. These gun control supporters didn t really care if they won or lost their cases, or if their plaintiff patsies were ripped to emotional shreds; their goal was then (and remains now) to force gun dealers, distributors, and manufacturers to have to hire expensive attorneys and spend hundreds of thousands to millions of dollars in legal fees to defend themselves in court.PLCAA was passed into law specifically to keep a handful of gun control supporting billionaires from bankrupting the American gun industry from top to bottom with frivolous lawsuits. Hillary Clinton wants to repeal PLCAA so that her allies, such as Michael Bloomberg, can then finance wave after wave of lawsuits to bankrupt gun companies with exorbitant legal fees.If Clinton is successful in her goal of repealing PLCAA which she could very conceivably do if she is elected in a  wave  that sees Democrats pick up seats in the House and Senate then no gun dealer or manufacturer, or sporting goods store, or ammunition company, would be immune to frivolous lawsuits, and all would be sued out of business.You would not be able to buy new guns, because there would be no manufacturers or importers after they were targeted, one-by-one.In many states where universal background checks are required, you would not be able to buy, sell, or trade existing guns, as dealer after dealer would be sued out of business.You would not be able to buy ammunition for your existing guns, as ammunition companies would also be targeted for extermination, as Brady tried to do against Lucky Gunner as recently as last year (only to have their case struck down by a judge citing PLCAA).This truly is an  all or nothing  election, folks.If you own any firearm of any kind, for any reason, or ever want to own a firearm for any reason, electing Hillary Clinton is simply non-viable.I know that there are Republicans, Democrats, third-party voters and political agnostics who aren t thrilled with their choices of Presidential candidates this year. I m certainly not.I will tell you that if she is elected, Hillary Clinton will seek to destroy not just your right, but your ability to own, trade, and shoot the most common firearms in the United States.All of them, without exception.This includes your bolt-action deer rifle, your pump shotgun, your grandfather s heirloom revolver, the pistol you purchased for self defense, and the little .22 rifle you learned to shoot as a kid.Consider yourself warned, and vote strategically to protect the Constitution and the right to bear arms against the most dangerous and corrupt candidate to ever be nominated for President.  Bearing Arms",0
19744,DON’T BELIEVE MEDIA LIES…Wildly Unpopular Hillary Gives Speech In NH…Here Are Uncensored Facebook Users Responses From Live Feed…LOL!,"  This Facebook user s comment about  Donald Duck  is in reference to new video that was just released today by Project Veritas, showing direct collision with Hillary Clinton and underground Dem group who admits to committing massive voter fraud: While you re at it Hillary, you may want to look into an assisted living arrangement. We re pretty sure neither one of you are in any shape to be without constant medical supervision ",0
19745,BREAKING: HILLARY CAMPAIGN Planned Fake “GRASSROOTS” Millennial Movement To Steal Bernie Followers,"Wikileaks released another email showing how phony Hillary s campaign has been from the start. Americans should never believe the polls. Hillary has NEVER given Americans a reason to want to get behind her. Its why she and her camp, with the help of the media are constantly manufacturing what appears to be (but really is not) support for her candidacy. The most HILL-larious part of this whole story is that Hillary s camp planned to use the young Tallahassee Mayor, Andrew Gillum to launch Hillary s fake  grassroots  group after he gave a speech at the DNC about how  trust  in government  can be restored! Here is the attachment to an email addressed to Hillary s campaign manager, John Podesta:CONCEPT PAPEROBJECTIVE:Mobilize young voter participation for the 2016 election in support of Hillary ClintonSTRATEGY: Use young elected officials and entertainers to build a  grassroots  movement of under 40 voters as a vehicle to migrate support for Bernie into activism for Hillary.OPERATIONAL GOALS: Identify young elected officials (YEOs)across the country to become the face of a new organization that is focused on a progressive future. These young elected officials would promote both the organization, the ideas embraced by it and the need for civic engagement with an immediate focus on involvement in the 2016 election. They would be seen as the faces of a new progressivist movement that combines noble goals with political realities resulting in real progress.The organization would be built around a group of ideas or concepts as opposed to parties or individuals. The ideas should always reinforce the message that the under 40 generation needs to engage politically to shape their own future. Building the New Economy, Creating an Empowerment Society, Transitioning to a Sustainable World, Tearing Down Barriers are all phrases which might be included in the messaging. Support for the Hillary would be included in the messaging but initially as tangential to it, i.e.  if you support these things then there really isn t another choice but her . Over time the messaging would transition more into the actionable item of involvement in the campaign and support for its efforts.The organization should be built around a Ready for Hillary type model: grassroots driven, limited engagement of the principal, both an organizational and small dollar fundraising component, centered on-line and in venues frequented by under 40 s   college campuses, with a big emphasis on community colleges, nightclubs, athletic events, etc.The group should be branded separately from the campaign so people who engage with it feel like they created and own it as opposed to feeling swallowed by an organization that defeated them. A distinct name, artwork, website, spokespeople etc would be desired.TACTICS:The program should be launched initially in one state and then expand out. It should be seen as growing and spreading. We want people calling and asking if they can set one up in their state as opposed to forcing the model on them.The YEO s in that state would announce the formation of their group stating theirs goal to help elect a progressive President and engage young people with a goal of making sure their voices are heard and they are ready to participate. It should feel almost like  we got together and decided to do this on our own . Depending on the organizational model, they could say they all support Hillary and are doing it to help but there are bigger and longer term objectives here, etc. Ideally you could say something like the campaign is providing limited resources but has agreed any funds you raise will be directed into youth outreach.They would then do a series of event which would be a college campus  town hall  during the day and a club type event that night. The  town hall  with students would be informal with talking with students about goals, dreams, political reality, how government can make things happen, how sometimes it doesn t, etc. It would end in a pitch for them to become engaged politically to build a progressive future. Later in the evening, these YEO s would attend and speak briefly at a campaign event in a bar/club featuring a local DJ or entertainer and has a nominal contribution as part of attendence. The campus event will be used to build buzz for the second event as well as the campaign itself. As momentum grows for the organization, bigger names would be brought in for the  town hall  events as well as bigger artists for the  club  events, furthering the momentum. Eventually, HRC/WJC/CVC as well as VP and Spouse would be integrated into these events but it should be seen as them coming to the  movement  as opposed to them trying to take it over.RECOMMENDATIONS:This program be launched by Mayor Andre Gillum in Florida. Goal would be early AprilTarget is to have 10 people at launchDo events in Miami, Palm Beach, Gainesville, Jacksonville, Tampa and Orlando in April.Convene a group of National YEO s in May/June to discuss their involvement.Have organization functioning in 5 battlegound states by June 1   Florida, Colorado, Virginia, North Carolina?",0
19746,"BREAKING: CROOKED VA GOVERNOR, Close Hillary Friend Gave Wife Of FBI Official Overseeing Hillary Email Investigation $467,500","How much more criminal activity are American voters willing to overlook? Have we, as Americans gotten to the point that no crime committed by Hillary or anyone attached to Hillary will disqualify her from being elected to the highest office in our nation? Are we willing to accept that we can no longer trust anyone working for a government organization in America? The political organization of Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, an influential Democrat with longstanding ties to Bill and Hillary Clinton, gave nearly $500,000 to the election campaign of the wife of an official at the Federal Bureau of Investigation who later helped oversee the investigation into Mrs. Clinton s email use.Campaign finance records show Mr. McAuliffe s political-action committee donated $467,500 to the 2015 state Senate campaign of Dr. Jill McCabe, who is married to Andrew McCabe, now the deputy director of the FBI.The Virginia Democratic Party, over which Mr. McAuliffe exerts considerable control, donated an additional $207,788 worth of support to Dr. McCabe s campaign in the form of mailers, according to the records. That adds up to slightly more than $675,000 to her candidacy from entities either directly under Mr. McAuliffe s control or strongly influenced by him. The figure represents more than a third of all the campaign funds Dr. McCabe raised in the effort.Mr. McAuliffe and other state party leaders recruited Dr. McCabe to run, according to party officials. She lost the election to incumbent Republican Dick Black.A spokesman for the governor said he  supported Jill McCabe because he believed she would be a good state senator. This is a customary practice for Virginia governors  Any insinuation that his support was tied to anything other than his desire to elect candidates who would help pass his agenda is ridiculous. Among political candidates that year, Dr. McCabe was the third-largest recipient of funds from Common Good VA, the governor s PAC, according to campaign finance records. Dan Gecker received $781,500 from the PAC and $214,456 from the state party for a campaign that raised $2.9 million, according to records; and Jeremy McPike received $803,500 from the PAC and $535,162 from the state party, raising more $3.8 million that year for his candidacy.The governor could recall only one meeting with Mr. McCabe when he and other state Democrats met with the couple on March 7, 2015, to urge Dr. McCabe to run, according to the spokesman.The FBI said in a statement that during his wife s campaign Mr. McCabe  played no role, attended no events, and did not participate in fundraising or support of any kind. Months after the completion of her campaign, then-Associate Deputy Director McCabe was promoted to Deputy, where, in that position, he assumed for the first time, an oversight role in the investigation into Secretary Clinton s emails. FBI officials said that after that meeting with the governor in Richmond on March 7, Mr. McCabe sought ethics advice from the bureau and followed it, avoiding involvement with public corruption cases in Virginia, and avoiding any campaign activity or events.Mr. McCabe s supervision of the Clinton email case in 2016 wasn t seen as a conflict or an ethics issue because his wife s campaign was over by then and Mr. McAuliffe wasn t part of the email probe, officials said. Once I decided to run,  Dr. McCabe said,  my husband had no formal role in my campaign other than to be a supportive husband to me and our children. As a federal official everyone who participated in our campaign understood and respected that he could not participate. Mr. McCabe is a longtime FBI official who focused much of his career on terrorism. His wife is a hospital physician who campaigned in northern Virginia, where the couple live with their children.The 2015 Virginia State senate race was Dr. McCabe s first run for office and her campaign spent $1.8 million. The race was part of Mr. McAuliffe s failed effort to win a Democratic majority in the Virginia legislature, which would have given him significantly more sway in Richmond, the state capital.Mr. McAuliffe has been a central figure in the Clintons  political careers for decades. In the 1990s, he was Bill Clinton s chief fundraiser and he remains one of the couple s closest allies and public boosters. Mrs. Clinton appeared with him in northern Virginia in 2015 as he sought to increase the number of Democrats in the state legislature. For entire story: WSJ",0
19747,OBAMA DANCES At Last-Ever White House Gig To Drake’s “Hotline Bling” [Video], ,0
19748,WATCH! FOX NEWS On High Anti-Trump Propaganda Mission: Obama/Clinton Stooge Masquerades As Unbiased Pundit [Video],Dennis Ross is a prior Obama and Clinton crony goes on to speak without any questioning from Shawn and then at the end Shawn speaks of Ross and his  decades of experience PROPAGANDA!!! ,0
19749,"DON’T BELIEVE THE POLLS: Massive Silent Majority Avoid Violence, Vandalism, Threats From Left…Will Vote For Trump [VIDEO]","So many acts of violence and vandalism have been committed against Americans who have voiced their support for Trump, that voters are staying silent about how they plan to vote. That doesn t mean that massive numbers of voters won t be turning out for Trump when it comes to sending in their absentee ballots or showing up to the polls on November 8th.Don t let the media discourage you from getting out to vote for Trump and don t believe the polls! Trump s rallies are a pretty good indication of how strong the momentum for his presidency really is. Trump is doing 2-4 rallies every day across America, while Hillary is either fundraising or resting. For the few rallies Hillary is actually doing, you d think she d be drawing massive crowds, but the truth of the matter is, she can barely fill a high school gym with people who are passionate about her becoming our next President.Listen to what former Governor Mike Huckabee has to say about the silent majority Trump voter:https://twitter.com/WesleyRickard/status/790329136115949570",0
19750,MEET LEFTIST ANALYSTS At Research Firm Who Created ABC/Washington Post Poll Showing Hillary With 12 Point Lead [VIDEO],"Many Americans were shocked by the latest ABC/Washington Post goal seeking report (aka  poll ) that shows Hillary opening up a 12-point lead with likely voters after the latest debate last Wednesday. Ironically, this latest polling farce was  embargoed for release after 9 a.m.  EST which certainly made it a dominant topic of conversation on all the morning talk shows.Of course, like many of the recent polls from the likes of Reuters, ABC and The Washington Post, something curious emerges when you look just beneath the surface of the headline 12-point lead.As Zero Hedge pointed out numerous times in the past, in response to Reuters  efforts to  tweak  their polls, per the The Pew Research Center, at least since 1992, democrats have never enjoyed a 9-point registration gap despite the folks at ABC and The Washington Post somehow convincing themselves it was a reasonable margin. METHODOLOGY   This ABC News poll was conducted by landline and cellular telephone Oct. 20-22, 2016, in English and Spanish, among a random national sample of 874 likely voters. Results have a margin of sampling error of 3.5 points, including the design effect. Partisan divisions are 36-27-31 percent, Democrats   Republicans   Independents. Meanwhile, with huge variances in preference across demographics one can easily see how simple it is to  rig  a poll by over indexing to one group vs. another. While the pollsters release the the split of the sample pool by political affiliation, they do not share the split by any of the following demographics which are just as important to determining the outcome of the poll.Julie E. Phelan, Lead Analyst. The Langer Research website mentions several awards Phelan has won for articles she wrote or co-authored. The article listed appear to all be related to women s rights, more specifically about women in leadership roles. Hmmm seems Julie has a passion for wanting to see more women in leadership roles in politics.In Dec. 2015, Phelan was cited for her contribution to a paper that was an initiative for NDI, whose Chairman happens to be one of Hillary s biggest cheerleaders, Madeline Albright. In that paper, titled  Tackling Violence Against Women  Phelan and co-author Rudman wrote:Phelan also co-authored  Prejudice Toward Female Leaders  with Rudman.As a reminder, Madeline Albright told women at a Hillary rally in February, 2016,  There s a special place in hell for women who don t vote for Hillary Chad P. Kiewiet de Jonge is a Senior Research Analyst for Langer Research. He graduated from Notre Dame with a PHD in 2013. His dissertation was on  Political Learning and Democratic Commitment in New Democracies. Donald Trump s visit to the U.S.-Mexico border marks the extent to which negative views on immigration fuel his candidacy for the Republican presidential nomination   and the limits they may impose.About half of potential GOP voters in the latest ABC News/Washington Post poll oppose a path to legal status for undocumented immigrants, and Trump wins support from 34 percent in this group, a remarkable tally in a 16-candidate race. Among those who favor providing legal status for undocumented immigrants, by contrast, Trump s support drops sharply, to 13 percent.Geoff Feinberg is a Senior Research Analyst for Langer Research Assoc. From 2012-2016, Feinberg was the research director of the Yale Program on Climate Change Communication at Yale University, where he oversaw numerous public opinion polls and experiments and lectured on survey methods.Clinton and Sanders supporters are more likely to understand the scientific consensus on global warming.A recent review study by Cook and colleagues found that all peer-reviewed studies about the extent of the scientific consensus about global warming have reached similar conclusions: between 90% and 100% of climate experts are convinced that human-caused climate change is happening. The most rigorous of these studies have found that 97% of climate scientists are convinced that human-caused climate change is happening.Fewer than half of any candidate s supporters are aware that such a consensus exists. However, supporters of the Democratic candidates are the most likely to think at least 90% of climate scientists are convinced:",0
19751,ERIC TRUMP Schools Liberal Hack Stephanopoulos With Facts…Fantastic! [Video], ,0
19752,FORMER U.S. ATTORNEY: FBI’s Comey Considered To Be “Dirty Cop” And Here’s Why [Video],Former U.S. Attorney Joseph diGenova slammed FBI director James Comey s handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton s private email server. DiGenova says  people both currently in the FBI and with the FBI consider Comey to be a dirty cop. ,0
19753,"HILLARY’S CAMPAIGN MANAGER STAMMERS When Asked Why Using Trump’s Stolen Tax Returns Are Okay, But Wikileaks Emails Aren’t [VIDEO]","Hillary s shady campaign manager, Robby Mook tells Fox News  Chris Wallace that Wikileaks emails showing CRIMINAL behavior by Hillary and her campaign is not okay, but there s nothing wrong with using Trump s stolen tax returns ",0
19754,WOW! CATHOLIC PRIEST Delivers Message From Bishop: Voting For Hillary “Jeopardizes Your Spiritual Well-Being” You “Should Not Receive Holy Communion” [VIDEO]," One Party Favors Open Borders, The Other Party Favors Law And Order A priest is not only protected by the First Amendment, at least for now, he is also bound by the 5th Commandment,  Thou shalt not kill.  If a priest doesn t speak up for the most vulnerable in our society and if the Catholic faithful don t actively protect the most vulnerable in our society by refusing to enable their deliberate destruction with their vote, then such Catholics, the priest and the laity are condoning their acts with their cowardice.   Part of every Catholic s share in the hardship of the gospel, including your priests, is that we must repent of our actions that are offensive to God and destructive to our brothers and sisters. We must oppose the threats to innocent life that are the most real and the most urgent. Make no mistake, there is no single issue that threatens innocent human life more directly, consistently, imminently and urgently than the deliberate killing of baby girls and baby boys in their mother s womb No issue! We have a serious obligation to protect human life, and especially the lives of the most innocent and vulnerable among us. Whoever fails to do this, whenever otherwise able to do so, commits a serious sin of omission. They jeopardize their own spiritual well being and are a source of scandal for others. Should they be Catholics they should NOT receive holy communion. Now I hope you realize that it takes a lot of courage for a priest to communicate such challenging words as these, reminding his people that some actions are so greatly sinful, that they render   a Catholic unworthy of holy communion until there is complete repentance. A priest who is more concerned about the state of his peoples souls than they are themselves, deserves the esteem of his people for his willingness to speak such difficult truth with genuine love. To put the welfare of his people s souls ahead of his own reputation, popularity or comfort. Such a priest should receive respect, admiration and support, rather than resistance or criticism. So please pray for, thank and encourage the spiritual Father that God has appointed for you, and who loves you enough to tell you the truth with those challenging words. Because the priest who said those particular words is your Bishop and my Bishop. ",0
19755,DEMOCRAT CLERK Claims Election “Not Rigged” But “Bungled Beyond Belief”,"About 14,000 Genesee County voters were mailed a second absentee ballot this month after officials discovered deformities and irregularities in an initial printing run that made many ballots unreadable by voting machines.A mass reprint ordered by Genesee County Clerk John Gleason has prompted the state to step in with guidance on how to minimize voter confusion and ensure that each vote will count   but not twice. Everything is on track now,  said Gleason, a Democrat.  There was a lot of thought that went into this process, a lot of discussion and good dialogue, and I think the recovery happened really fast for what the situation was. The Genesee County ballot snafu comes as Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump continues to raise concerns about potential voter fraud and has refused to say whether he will honor the results of the Nov. 8 election if he loses.Trump may find fodder for his  reckless  accusations in Genesee County, said former Flushing Mayor Archie Bailey, a Democrat who argued in an online newsletter that the county s election system  is not rigged  but  bungled beyond belief. Gleason blames the faulty ballots on  a sloppy job  by the company that printed them, which he has declined to name. He said many ballots were skewed, not centered properly, smudged, flecked or had other problems. But election clerks in 22 municipalities had already sent those ballots to voters. Those who received them have since been mailed a replacement ballot, identified by a green number at the bottom.The first batch of ballots were not sent to voters in Flint or Burton, the county s largest cities, which  saved a lot of confusion in those communities,  Gleason said.Local clerks in affected municipalities will likely have a long night on Nov. 8.Under a process recommended by the Michigan Bureau of Elections, returned replacement ballots will be processed as usual after polls close at 8 p.m. while the corresponding originals will be marked as spoiled. If a voter returns only an original, clerks and their staff will duplicate those votes onto new ballots that can then be fed into a voting machine. It s a tremendous amount of work,  Gleason said.  It s routine work, but it s enhanced this year because of the complete reprinting. Mistakes should have been caughtGleason and Genesee County should have discovered the printing flaws before they sent any absentee ballots to local clerks, said Bailey, who previously served on the county board of commissioners.He predicted  a whole lot  of losing candidates are going to challenge Genesee County results in the wake of the Nov. 8 election.Read more: Detroit News",0
19756,TRUMP SUPPORTERS In Virginia Beach Shout Down CNN AKA Clinton News Network,  ,0
19757,ANTI-HILLARY POSTERS POP UP All Over Hollywood…Great timing!," The first time I heard Negan ask for  50 percent of everything you had,  my first thought was,  damn only 50 percent?  And he s asking! If Democrats had their way they d take everything by decree.    Sabo The artwork from conservative artist Sabo consists of blood-spattered text reading,  Negan wants 50% of your shit. Hillary demands it all.  The Walking Dead has been hijacked by a prolific street artist to protest Hillary Clinton and the presidential candidate s entire Democratic Party.The artwork from conservative artist Sabo consists of blood-spattered text reading,  Negan wants 50% of your shit. Hillary demands it all. The sentiments are based on Negan, a new villain on AMC s hit show who expressed his desire for stuff that doesn t belong to him.  In the spirit of The Walking Dead s newest villain, Negan, I drew up these posters and placed them outside of the AMC Studio offices in Santa Monica as well as near the CNN building on Sunset boulevard where there will be an anti-Hillary protest,  Sabo told THR. The first time I heard Negan ask for  50 percent of everything you had,  my first thought was,  damn only 50 percent?  And he s asking! If Democrats had their way they d take everything by decree. Read more: Hollywood Reporter",0
19758,WATCH WHO RACIST DINGBAT TX Rep Sheila Jackson-Lee Blames For Leaked Emails [VIDEO],"Besides Nancy Pelosi, there really isn t a dumber person in Congress than Sheila Jackson-Lee(D-TX). Watch her blame leaked emails on Wikipedia, the online source for information. Uhhh perhaps when you re criticizing someone on TV, you should know who you re criticizing:https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU7/status/789491508781035521Believe it or not, this is not one of the stupidest things she has ever said. Here are a few of Jackson-Lee s greatest hits:Here s Jackson -Lee telling fellow members of Congress that our Constitution is 400 years old:Sheila Jackson-Lee is not only one of the stupidest people in DC, she is also one of the most racist. Here she is blaming Congress for not wanting to raise the debt limit because their  racists :Here is black billionaire Herman Cain s response to dingbat, racist Sheila Jackson-Lee s ignorant comments:Here s Jackson-Lee telling congressional colleagues how much money Americans have to squander. Watch her call for martial law over the non-support of Obamacare by Americans:",0
19759,Did OPRAH Just Leave “Nasty” Hillary Wishing She Wouldn’t Have Endorsed Her? [VIDEO],"Four months ago, Oprah, the woman who made her fortune off preying on women s emotions and counting on their inability to think for themselves, gave Hillary s vagina an endorsement. She gave women absolutely no credible reason to support her, but reminded them, when you walk into the voting booth the choice is clear, one candidate has a vagina and the other one does not: Regardless of your politics, it s a seminal moment for women. What this says is, there is no ceiling, that ceiling just went boom! It says anything is possible when you can be leader of the free world. What Oprah s essentially saying to women who hang on her every word is that it doesn t matter if you or your husband don t have a job. It doesn t matter if you live in a town supported by coal that Hillary promised to destroy. It doesn t matter that Hillary left our nation s top secret classified emails exposed for anyone in the world to see, simply because she believed she was above the law, or that every other person in the history of our government has been punished for less serious breaches of our national security.  Much like she tried to convince her viewers in 2008 that American needed a black President, she s now trying to convince her viewers they need to elect our first woman for President. Am I the only woman who finds Oprah s dumbing down of women to be an insult to my intelligence? Yesterday, Oprah weighed in on the election and gave an endorsement for Hillary that was an insult to the intelligence of every woman still clinging to her failed network. She essentially told them, you may not be smart enough to follow the news or to understand the seriousness of the content of the emails being leaked that prove Hillary was using her position as Secretary of State to funnel money into her Clinton Foundation. You may not even be smart enough to understand the seriousness of the recent videos released by James O Keefe of Project Veritas that show Democrats admitting to committing massive voter fraud for decades and inciting violence at Trump rallies. You may not even be smart enough to know these people featured in the undercover videos admit that Hillary and the DNC are fully aware of, and are funding their illegal activities. Yes, these same people are tied to Hillary who admit on tape they were responsible for the unprecedented violence a horrified America witnessed at Donald Trump s rally in her hometown of Chicago But let me tell you, that nasty woman you see on TV just ignore what you see, because, as Oprah states,  She s not coming over to your house! You don t have to like her,  she said.  You don t have to like her. Watch Oprah below. She apparently couldn t offer her female viewers one concrete reason to vote for Hillary, so instead she focused on reasons to overlook her negatives and vote for her anyhow. Is this really an endorsement that will help Hillary Clinton win with thinking women or will they just use her endorsement to point out to other women that Oprah couldn t even think of one good reason to vote for Hillary other than the obvious argument used for the low information voter she has a vagina.Here s a video of Hillary speaking down to a young reporter in Oprah s beloved Africa. Maybe Oprah s decided that it s okay for women in positions of power to talk to women like this, as long as you don t invite them over for dinner:",0
19760,CATHOLIC PRIEST GOES OFF On Partial-Birth Abortion Hillary For Faking Endorsement From Pope Francis [VIDEO],"Father Gerald Murphy goes off on Hillary Clinton following her speech at the Al Smith elite charity dinner last night in New York, where Hillary used a quote of the Pope s as a way to fake his endorsement of her. Given what her staff said about Catholic faith about an attempt to subvert it, there should have been a statement right at the start saying, I disown everything that was written in those emails. Donald Trump has said quite clearly he s pro-life, Catholics are quite heartened by that. I wish Hillary Clinton would change her position. But at least don t try and pretend that the Pope is endorsing her by quoting him selectively. Thank you, Father! Father Gerald Murray goes off on @HillaryClinton who refused to apologize to Catholics & supports partial birth abortion! pic.twitter.com/cLvJxlwo6p  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) October 21, 2016",0
19761,#FlashbackFriday: Watch Stunning Lies That Led To This Disgusting Sexual Predator’s Impeachment [VIDEO],"Every single day for months on end, new evidence has been released that proves Hillary Clinton is a sociopathic liar. There may be some women who are willing to accept this fact and still vote for her, but what about her sexual predator husband who was impeached for lying about an affair he had with a young intern in our White House while serving as President of the United States?The media went crazy when an audio tape was released of Donald J. Trump speaking inappropriately with another man in private about a married woman while he was still single. Where is the outrage over having a man who has been found guilty of lying about sexual relations with a young girl in the White House while he was married and while he was her boss? Where is the outrage over the multiple rape and sexual assault allegations that were made about Bill Clinton years ago? These woman have all confessed to being bullied and threatened by Hillary to keep their mouths shut about what her husband did to them.For all of those too young to know about Bill Clinton and the kind of sick lying pervert he is, you will be stunned when you see this clip. For the rest of us, it s a good reminder of the kind of scum we re fighting so hard to keep out of our White House:Do Democrats really care about the rights of women? Would the same women who would vote to put Bill back in the White House remain silent if their employer allowed a known sexual predator to freely roam the halls of their workplace?If you had a young daughter or granddaughter who took a job as an intern or worked in some capacity in our White House, would you trust this creepy old man to keep his hands off her? ",0
19762,WHAT “I’m With Her” REALLY Means For Hillary Supporters [VIDEO],***SHARE This HILL-arious video everywhere!***,0
19763,TOUGH MESSAGE From Serious Women Who Don’t Use Genitalia As Reason To Vote For Next President : “We Don’t Feel Safe” [VIDEO],"The women in this video are serious minded voters. They are moms who fear for the safety of their children and grandchildren. They speak for so many of us who are sick and tired of living under a government who puts the safety and security of our nation after political correctness.We are living in perilous times, and it s comforting to know that there are so many female voters who believe our nation s security should take priority over the genitalia of our next President. There s more to choosing a leader of the greatest nation on earth than the abortion issue. It won t matter if you can take the life of an innocent child in your womb up to the moment of conception if you re living under an oppressive Sharia Law or under Communist rule.Here s a newsflash for our media and the Femi-Nazi s who would go into a polling place and vote for Hillary simply because she s a woman: Russia, Iran, North Korea, Saudi Arabia and China don t care if our next President is pro-abortion or if she has a vagina ",0
19764,BREAKING: CROOKED SEC OF STATE HILLARY Knew Taking $12 MILLION From King Mohammed VI of “Corrupt” Morocco Might Hurt Campaign…Took It Anyway [VIDEO],"Why is this woman not in jail?The evidence is overwhelming that Hillary was putting our national security at risk by taking money for the Clinton Foundation Slush Fund from foreign governments while Secretary of State, in return for favors. The latest Wikileaks email shows that our nations security was second to Hillary s desire to not get caught so it wouldn t hurt her chances at winning the election for the highest office in our nation. Here is the insane story of more Hillary corruption:Hillary Clinton solicited a $12 million donation from a government that her State Department considered corrupt, then realized the  mess  it would cause to her presidential run, a newly leaked  email reveals.King Mohammed VI of Morocco agreed to give the money to the Clinton Foundation, provided that it hold a convention in his country in May 2015 with Clinton as the keynote speaker.But Clinton realized that the conference, slated for a month after she announced her run for president, would hurt her candidacy. No matter what happens, she will be in Morocco hosting CGI [Clinton Global Initiative] on May 5-7, 2015. Her presence was a condition for the Moroccans to proceed so there is no going back on this,  top Clinton aide Huma Abedin wrote to campaign manager Robby Mook in a November 2014 email revealed by Wiki Leaks.In another email, Abedin warned that if Clinton didn t attend, the $12 million would be off the table. Just to give you some context, the condition upon which the Moroccans agreed to host the meeting was her participation. If hrc was not part if it, meeting was a non-starter,  Abedin wrote in a January 2015  email to Mook and campaign manager John  Podesta. CGI also wasn t pushing for a meeting in Morocco and it wasn t their first choice. This was HRC s idea, our office approached the Moroccans and they 100 percent believe they are doing this at her request. The King has personally committed approx $12 million both for the [foundation s] endowment and to support the meeting,  Abedin continued. It will break a lot of china to back out now when we had so many opportunities to do it in the past few months. She created this mess and she knows it. The king gave the money to the Clinton Foundation and underwrote the CGI summit with the quid-pro-quo understanding that Hillary would attend, and other dignitaries attending were led to believe that she would be there.But Hillary sent Bill and Chelsea Clinton while she campaigned in Nevada and California.The deal with Morocco was struck even though the State Department   under Hillary Clinton   accused the country s government of  arbitrary arrests and corruption,  according to Fox News.It was unclear exactly how much went directly for the summit and how much went to the Clinton Foundation   but the total added up to $12 million, according to the emails.Guests at the May 2015 CGI summit   which was closed to the media   stayed at the five-star Selman-Marrakesh hotel, a posh lodging featuring a stable of Arabian horses and luxury amenities.The meeting was officially paid for by OCP, a Moroccan government-owned mining company that has been accused of human rights violations.Hillary Clinton supported the monarch when she was secretary of state, and the US-financed Export-Import Bank gave OCP a $92 million loan guarantee during her tenure, the Daily Caller reported.Politico reported in 2015 that Clinton  was seen by [the Moroccan capital] Rabat as among its staunchest supporters in the Obama administration. The Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice charged OCP with  serious human-rights violations,  the Daily Caller said.For entire story: NYP",0
19765,COULD YOUR Mail Carrier Be Throwing Your Vote Away? [Video], ,0
19766,"WHY ARE DEMOCRATS Willing To Put Women Working At White House At Risk, By Allowing Sexual Predator, Accused Rapist To Roam Halls?","New Wikileaks email shows Bill Clinton wanted  Young Latina Celeb Type  on campaign trail for Hillary with him, and that Hillary s campaign was more than happy to try to make that happen. This new email should cause ever American to ask,  Why would any person who cares about women intentionally send a young female on the campaign trail with a known sexual predator and accused rapist? Bill Clinton wanted to appear on the campaign trail for his wife with  young Latina celeb types,  according to newly released hacked emails.The former president asked earlier this year for Hispanic surrogates to appear at his campaign events for Hillary Clinton, and suggested either the Castro brothers or a young female celebrity. WJC asking if we should have a Latino surrogate do events with him,  wrote Tina Flournoy, Bill Clinton s chief of staff, on Feb. 10, 2016.  Not sure that s the focus for the Sunday trip. Where are we putting him? Flournoy said Clinton suggested Juli n Castro, the secretary of Housing and Urban Development, or his brother Joaqu n Castro, a congressman from Texas. He just suggested Castro to me too,  wrote Robby Mook, Hillary Clinton s campaign manager.  Or young Latina celeb type. The campaign team then suggested actress America Ferrera, a longtime supporter of Hillary Clinton. He was thing America but that s based in his mind on 2008 [sic],  Flournoy said. We love America,  said Huma Abedin, a top Hillary Clinton aide.  Tried to get her but she couldn t do this weekend.    WFB",0
19767,TEACHER’S LECTURE SPARKS OUTRAGE: “To Be White Is To Be Racist” [Video],"There are startling accusations against a Norman teacher.A student said the premise of his lecture stated all white people are racist.The Norman North student said the teacher was lecturing on how to  heal the racial divide. She was stunned by what was being taught, so she pulled out her phone and started recording.In the audio, you can hear the teacher say  to be white is to be racist, period. The student said she was instantly offended. Half of my family is Hispanic, so I just felt like, you know, him calling me racist just because I m white  I mean, where s your proof in that,  she said.The words that followed were even more shocking to her.In the recording you hear the teacher ask  Am I racist? And, I say yeah. I don t want to be. It s not like I choose to be racist, but do I do things because of the way I was raised? I felt like he was encouraging people to kind of pick on people for being white,  the student said. Why is it okay to demonize one race to children that you are supposed to be teaching a curriculum to,  her dad asked.Norman Public Schools released the following statement regarding the issue: Racism is an important topic that we discuss in our schools. While discussing a variety of philosophical perspectives on culture, race and ethics, a teacher was attempting to convey to students in an elective philosophy course a perspective that had been shared at a university lecture he had attended. We regret that the discussion was poorly handled. When the district was notified of this concern it was immediately addressed. We are committed to ensuring inclusiveness in our schools.    Dr. Joe Siano, superintendent of Norman Public Schools You start telling someone something over and over again that s an opinion, and they start taking it as fact,  the student said.  So, I wanted him to apologize and make it obvious and apparent to everyone that was his opinion.  Via: kforVia: Daily Mail",0
19768,IF GOOGLE TRENDS Are Any Indication Of Who Will Win Election…Hillary Is In BIG Trouble!,"Google trends can be very telling. These Google trends comparing users interest in Donald J. Trump vs. Hillary Clinton say a lot about who Americans are more interested in learning more about. While the results of these searches are likely not based on an oversampled group of Democrats, and there s no real way to know how many of the people searching Google are registered voters, it is a very good indication of which candidate running for office is more popular. Let s face it, if voters don t have any enthusiasm for a candidate, they won t be going to the polls on November 8th.In the past two hours, which candidate is the most searched on Google? To find out, hover over each state on map below and you ll mostly likely see Trump show up. This interactive map updated every 2 hours.  trends.embed.renderWidget(""US_cu_n5TKtVcBAAACoM_en"", ""fe_geo_color_chart_a76ecf6f-c9a6-4798-b038-568948d46bd0"", {}); The graph below shows how frequently Trump (red line) and Hillary (blue line) are being searched on Google:  trends.embed.renderWidget(""US_cu_n5TKtVcBAAACoM_en"", ""fe_line_chart_4be39b1e-a0dc-4ac0-8c0e-a6be30463edd"", {}); To see which state is most interested in searching issues related to the 2016 presidential election, hover over each state on image below.   trends.embed.renderWidget(""election2016"", ""fe_us_states_c4cd90ef-9673-4bc3-9cd5-bfdfd2ce862d"", {}); ",0
19769,DEMOCRAT OPERATIVES Caught Planning To Bully Women At Trump Rally [Video], ,0
19770,"CATHOLICS SHOULD BE Singing Donald Trump’s Praises After He Boldly Defended Life, While Hillary Was Forced To Admit Support For Barbaric Partial-Birth Abortion","Rush Limbaugh was cheering for Trump and how he handled the abortion question that was asked in last night s debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump. Do Catholics and other pro-life groups truly understand the significance of this election? Do they know how many Supreme Court Justices our next President will likely replace in the next 4 years? In addition to the abortion issue, our religious freedoms are at serious risk. The Left has been attacking Christianity and Judaism for years, while protecting the Muslim faith like their lives depend on it. Rush mentioned on his radio show today how shocked he was by Trump s unabashed support for the life of the unborn. He said that there has never been a presidential candidate in history who has so bravely stood up for life during a debate with the Democrat opponent, like Donald J. Trump did last night. Here is his brilliant analysis Rush: Let me ask you a question. When Chris Wallace asked this abortion question, did you people start cringing?  Oh, no, jeez, every time this comes up we get smoked, oh, my God.  And he turned it to partial-birth abortion on a dime, which was either brilliant or instinctive or combination of the two, because she had no defense for what he was alleging, and she didn t even try. Her only defense, when he brought up,  They want rip babies out of the womb a day before they re born, a week before they re born. And she doesn t deny it. All she can say is,  I have seen these women. I have met these women, and I m telling you it is one of the hardest things, I m telling you it is one of the most difficult things.  She s therefore on record as supporting partial-birth abortion last night. I will guarantee you that s the last thing anybody on the Democrat Party side ever factored would happen. That s why she wasn t prepared for it.And it was, I don t know, as I say, either brilliant or instinctive or a combination of the two, but to take that question on abortion, which has traditionally been a nail in the coffin for a Republican candidate, turn that around to a winning issue for him, a losing issue for her, and you ll note that nobody in the Drive-Bys is talking about that exchange. They don t want to go anywhere near it.And then she lied about Planned Parenthood and all these mammograms they do and all these precancer checks. They don t do a single mammogram, folks. They do not do them. They don t do checks for cancer. Their solution to everything at Planned Parenthood is an abortion. She lied through her teeth. I don t know if Trump knows that or not. Most people who,  Oh, great work, mammograms, care for women.  They don t do anything of the sort. They harvest baby parts and sell them! We now know that.But the partial-birth abortion thing, he turned it around on her. She didn t have a denial and the Drive-Bys aren t talking about it, and it s things like that in a debate you ll never hear any public reaction, no polling on it, but could have a huge impact. We ll never know. We won t know until the elections.   Via: Rushlimbaugh.com",0
19771,WIKILEAKS BOMBSHELL: HUGE PAY TO PLAY By Hillary That Risked Our National Security…How Is This Legal?, ,0
19772,WATCH HILLARY LAUGH When Trump Mentions Gays Who Are Thrown Off Buildings By Muslims In Countries Who Fund Her Campaign,Hillary s such a champion of gay rights that her campaign is being funded by countries who throw gays off buildings. Watch Hillary laugh about it when Donald J. Trump brings it up during their final debate:HILL-arious!,0
19773,HILLARY BASHED TRUMP For Saying He May Not Accept Election Results: Video Shows Her Telling CNN Host Gore Shouldn’t Have Conceded 2000 Election Results,"Last night during the third debate, FOX News  Chris Wallace asked Donald J. Trump if he would accept the election results? With multiple stories of voter fraud being committed by Democrats across the nation and a video (see below) proving that the DNC and Hillary s campaign are coordinating with criminals to plan massive voter fraud, why would Trump make a statement that he was willing to accept the outcome of the election regardless of how it may be won? Hillary chastised Trump for having VERY LEGITIMATE concerns over the potential for voter fraud to swing the election. Her admonishment was carried by every mainstream media outlet, but wait what about the Al Gore election result?Here s the exchange:Here s Hillary discussing Al Gore s contested election to CNN s Larry King:  From everything I ve seen and heard, ah  more people did intend to vote for Vice President Al Gore. I hope there still will be an opportunity to have the votes counted. I think that s the best for whoever is inaugurated. Watch Al Gore s announce at a press conference in 2000, that he will continue to contest the results of the election and even suggests the Republicans committed voter fraud in the hotly contested 2000 election against George W. Bush.Al Gore even goes as far as to suggest the GOP prevented blacks from voting (a common Democratic Party tactic). He makes it perfectly clear that he will not concede the election until the Supreme Court makes a decision on the election:And more recently, here is Hillary nodding in agreement with her small crowd of supporters as they chant  You won!  to her featured guest, professional liar and con-man Al Gore:https://youtu.be/xpYwiYvSO8MWatch Jr. Senator Barack Obama suggest the results of the Florida Supreme Court decision on the Bush-Gore election was incorrect (challenging the election results):WATCH this video and then tell us if you would accept the results of the election if the race is close and Hillary wins:",0
19774,WOW! LOOSE CANNON HILLARY Leaked Major Nuclear Secret To World During Final Debate [VIDEO],"Is it not enough that Hillary has compromised our national security with her unsecured email server that contained top classified security emails? In her rush to prove how much more she knows that Donald J. Trump when it comes to national security, Hillary just committed treason when she revealed damning information that could compromise the safety and security of our nation Is this treasonous, loose cannon the person Democrats want representing our nation simply because  it s her turn  or because she has the proper genitalia? She s been accused during sworn testimony of disrespecting security agents and putting them in danger.She abaonded her  friend  Ambassador Chris Stevens and left him to the Islamists who slaughtered him in Benghazi.Tonight during the final presidential debate Hillary Clinton leaked more national security secrets.Hillary said it took four minutes between the nuclear order and nukes flying.  GPCareless Hillary told the WORLD the US 'Nuclear Response' Time!! REALLY??#ChrisWallace #debatenight @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump #Trump pic.twitter.com/grOKowwVQI  John T. Miller   (@cyvault) October 20, 2016https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU7/status/788945122176081920 ",0
19775,HERE’S THIS LIST OF REPUBLICANS Running For Re-election In 2016 Who Won’t Support Trump,"Here is the list of Republicans who won t support Trump. The candidates highlighted in blue are in close races in their states.Hmmm .I wonder how many of these politicians wouldn t be in close races today if they had endorsed Trump? Kelly Ayotte, Senator of New Hampshire Robert Bentley, Governor of Alabama Jaime Herrera Beutler, Representative of Washington Bradley Byrne, Representative of Alabama Jason Chaffetz, Representative of Utah Mike Coffman, Representative of Colorado Barbara Comstock, Representative of Virginia Michael D. Crapo, Senator of Idaho Dennis Daugaard, Governor of South Dakota Rodney Davis, Representative of Illinois Deb Fischer, Senator of Nebraska Jeff Flake, Senator of Arizona Jeff Fortenberry, Representative of Nebraska Darryl Glenn, Running for Senate from Colorado Cory Gardner, Senator of Colorado Scott Garrett, Representative of New Jersey Kay Granger, Representative of Texas Cresent Hardy, Representative of Nevada Bill Haslam, Governor of Tennessee Joe Heck, Representative of Nevada, running for Senate Gary R. Herbert, Governor of Utah Jon M. Huntsman Jr., Former governor of Utah Will Hurd, Representative of Texas David Jolly, Representative of FloridaJohn Kasich, Governor of Ohio John Katko, Representative of New York Steve Knight, Representative of California Mike Lee, Senator of Utah Frank A. LoBiondo, Representative of New Jersey Mia Love, Representative of Utah Susana Martinez, Governor of New Mexico John McCain, Senator of Arizona Patrick Meehan, Representative of Pennsylvania Lisa Murkowski, Senator of Alaska George E. Pataki, Former governor of New York Erik Paulsen, Representative of Minnesota Tim Pawlenty, Former governor of Minnesota Rob Portman, Senator of Ohio Martha Roby, Represenative of Alabama Tom Rooney, Representative of Florida Brian Sandoval, Governor of Nevada Mike Simpson, Representative of Idaho Chris Stewart, Representative of Utah Dan Sullivan, Senator of Alaska John Thune, Senator of South Dakota and chairman of the Republican Conference Fred Upton, Representative of Michigan Ann Wagner, Representative of Missouri",0
19776,WATCH What Happens To Freedom When A Nation Puts Political Correctness Before Its Citizens [VIDEO],"This video should open the eyes of every American who doesn t understand the seriousness of putting political correctness before our freedoms, and the safety and security of our nation.Hillary has a track record of always putting her best interests first. She won t admit to the consequences of not properly vetting refugees who come from Muslim majority nations who hate us. For Hillary, it s all about the votes and she s zeroed in on the Muslim-American community as a much needed voting block if she is to win this election. One of Hilary s main criticisms of Donald Trump is that he s a  xenophobe  or  racist  for insisting we properly vet refugees before they enter our country. She s twisted Trump s desire to protect Americans from a violent and oppressive ideology into a politically correct argument. A President of The United States is tasked with protecting and defending the safety and security of its citizens. There is no requirement for a President to give permission to any foreigner who wishes to enter to our country, simply because they don t want to be called names. A strong leader, like Donald J. Trump is able to ignore the PC hit squad, and focus instead on the best interests of the people he has promised to represent. That is exactly why Trump s rallies are jam packed with thousand of passionate supporters, while Hillary can barely fill a high school gym with a disinterested group of committed Democrats. Americans are passionate about protecting our nation. We want a Presidents who puts American citizens first, not one who puts their own political ambitions first. Hillary supporters need to watch this video to see what happens to a nation that is ruled by people who put its citizens dead last Pun intended.",0
19777,IN-YOUR-FACE CENSORSHIP! CNN Cuts Feed Of Pro-Trump Congressman As Soon As He Brought Up Wikileaks [VIDEO],"Clinton News Network  a propaganda arm of the Clinton campaign, where opposing voices are shut down and truth is distorted every day Watch this in-your-face example of censorship when Congressman Collins brings up Hillary Clinton and the Wikileaks emails: https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU7/status/788743777569562624This is the same network and host Chris Cuomo that only last week told it s viewers it was ILLEGAL to read the Wikileaks emails (watch HERE). But not to worry, Chris Cuomo then we  LOL! Watch CNN cut feed of Congressman who mentions Wikileaks only one week after telling viewers it was ILLEGAL to view #Wikileaks emails.  Click to Tweet nt on to explain that they d be happy to decipher the leaked emails for their viewers.",0
19778,DEMOCRAT THUGS VANDALIZE REPUBLICAN Offices Across Several States…Now Who’s “Deplorable”?,"NC REPUBLICAN HEADQUARTERS Firebombed By The Terrorists On The LeftINDIANA REPUBLICAN OFFICE VANDALIZED:DELAWARE COUNTY, Ind.   The Delaware County Republican Party said vandals struck at their office last week.Someone threw two landscaping bricks through a window on Oct. 8. Signs for Donald Trump and Todd Young were hanging on the window at the time, according to the group s Facebook page.Officials said it would cost about $1,200 to replace the broken window and said anyone interested in helping cover the cost could donate online.This week, Delaware County Sheriff Ray Dudley said his office has received reports of campaign signs being taken from yards in the Yorktown and Mount Pleasant Township area.Dudley said the reports were being taken seriously and that removing signs without the authority to do so may be criminal conversion under Indiana s criminal code. Via: FOX59",0
19779,LOL! DEM OPERATIVE TIED TO HILLARY Quits After He’s Caught Discussing Voter Fraud Efforts On Undercover Tape [VIDEO]," We have always adhered to the highest standards of transparency and legality  LOL! Sounds like he may be living in an alt-left world Andrew Breitbart would be so proud of James O Keefe if he were alive today. We are in a serious #war with the Left and O Keefe is on the front lines.Robert Creamer, a central subject of two recent James O Keefe expos s broken this Monday and Tuesday, has resigned  from his responsibilities working with the campaign.  James O Keefe s Project Veritas has today published a statement of resignation from Robert Creamer:Creamer denies any wrongdoing in his letter of resignation, instead insisting that the  notorious right wing blogger O Keefe  is mistaken:Democracy Partners regards our nation s election laws and the integrity of our democratic institutions with utmost seriousness. And we have only ever-engaged in legal and nonviolent methods to demonstrate how Donald Trump is unfit to be President. Period.Towards the end of his resignation, Creamer blames O Keefe s  dirty tricks  and claims that O Keefe  uses methods that would make Richard Nixon and the Watergate burglars proud :O Keefe executed a plot that involved the use of trained operatives using false identifications, disguises and elaborate false covers to infiltrate our firm and other consulting firms, in order to steal campaign plans, and goad unsuspecting individuals into making careless statements on hidden cameras.Creamer s organization Democracy Partners repeats this analysis of the situation in a post on Facebook, going on to claim that the  alt-right takeover of the Republican Party has poisoned our country. Here s the video:Breitbart News detailed the connection in an article about the original video released exclusively by Breitbart this Monday:In one hidden camera video, filmed at Creamer s Washington, D.C. office, Creamer explains that Hillary Clinton is aware of  all  of his activities, directly or indirectly, and that Democracy Partners has a daily conference call with the Clinton campaign, as well as frequent calls with the White House.Creamer has been a  political organizer and strategist for over four decades,  according to his organization s bio, and began  his organizing career in 1970 working with Chicago s Citizen Action Program (CAP), which had been organized by Saul Alinsky s Industrial Areas Foundation.  Creamer has written for the Huffington Post, and his columns were regularly sent to a Google Group associated with John Podesta during the Obama administration.Creamer is married to congresswoman Jan Schakowsky, and has previously served time in prison for check-kiting.Via: Breitbart",0
19780,TWO WEEKS BEFORE 1980 ELECTION Polls Showed Carter-47 Vs Reagan-39…Reagan Won In LANDSLIDE…Why Trump Will Likely Do The Same,"Don t believe the polls. They are created in such a way (many by Hillary operatives or supporters) to discourage voters from turning out to vote on Nov. 8th. If America is to defeat the massive voter fraud by Democrats that we ve been witnessing on undercover videos and reading in newspapers, we need to win by a large margin. It s not enough for us to get to the polls and vote, we need to encourage everyone we know to do the same. Hillary will have no problem accepting a win in the upcoming election whether or not the result is legal or legitimate is of no concern to Crooked Hillary Ann Coulter warned in her book Slander in 2003 that the far left main stream media always uses polls to push their agenda. Polls can be skewed by selecting an unreasonable sample size, by asking lead up questions or by selecting more of a sample population of one side of an issue to achieve a desired result.Main stream media skews polls to discourage potential voters from voting and has done it for years.A good example of the media trying to shape a vote was in 1980. In a Gallup poll released on October 26th in 1980, two weeks before the election, Jimmy Carter was leading Ronald Reagan 47   39. Two weeks later Reagan won in such a landslide that Carter conceded before California was closed.Another example of mainstream liberal media bias was in 1988. A Gallup Poll from July 26 showed Michael S. Dukakis leading George H. W. Bush by 17 points. Of course Bush went on to thump Dukakis in the general election.This past week a number of polls show Hillary Clinton leading Donald Trump by various margins. One poll last week reported by NBC/WSJ showed Hillary ahead by 11. However, 100percentfedup.com pointed out that NBC/WSJ didn t mention that the poll was created by a Hillary Super PAC.It s also well known that the Monmouth University poll is run by a Hillary Huckster who recently was caught manipulating a poll and then lied about it.Realclearpolitics.com takes an average of these distorted polls to come up with their analysis of the current race. Their efforts are a great example of the phrase    garbage in   garbage out .Expert AnalysisWith all the liberal distortions and dishonesty we decided to have a small team of actuarial and statistics professionals take a look at a couple of the recent polls to get their take on the reliability of these polls. They selected the recent FOX poll from October 14 showing Hillary up by 7 and the WSJ/NBC poll from October 16 showing Hillary with an 11 point lead.The first observation is that both polls are heavily skewed towards Democrats. At a high level, the FOX poll consists of 43 Dems to 36 Reps to 21 Other while the NBC poll shows 44 Dems to 37 Reps to 19 Other.By selecting more Dems the polls are designed to provide a Dem result.Our experts next analyzed the data and calculated results using the same data from the two surveys on a split of 40 Dems, 40 Reps and 20 Other. The results show that using either sets of data Trump comes out ahead with a larger margin of victory using the FOX data.Clearly the polls using data that is heavily weighted towards Democrat voters is incorrectly skewed.This year Republicans crushed their previous record in the primaries for number of votes by 150%. Their old record was 20 million and this year 31 million voted in the primaries.The Democrats on the other hand had 7 million votes less than their record year in 2008 with 30 million this year compared to 37 million in 2008.Also, the primaries were heavily contested on both sides resulting in factions from each party vowing not to vote for the party candidate. The impact of these two groups is difficult to judge. The percentage of these voters that change parties is probably limited. If anything, the Sanders people will probably be more likely to vote for Trump since he is an outsider and many of them will never vote for Crooked Hillary.Finally, it is difficult to determine what the independent voters will do but many independent voters partook in the primaries to vote for Trump. Therefore it is more likely that Independent voters vote for Trump as well.If more Democratic voters vote for Trump than Republicans vote for Hillary and more Independents vote for Trump than Hillary, both scenarios which are highly likely, then the results of the general election will likely be a Trump landslide.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
19781,BREAKING: Ecuadorian Embassy Admits They Cut Wikileaks Internet After Pressure From John Kerry,"The Ecuadorian government admitted on Tuesday they cut Julian Assange s internet on Saturday due to his interference with the US elections.Assange and Wikileaks have released over 12,000 emails showing corruption, theft, lies and scheming by the Hillary Clinton campaign and Democrat party in this year s election.Ecuador admitted it took action after Wikileaks published a wealth of documents impacting the US election campaign.Secretary of State John Kerry demanded the Ecuadorian Embassy in London cut off Julian Assange s internet be cut off.Wikileaks said Tuesday that Secretary of State John Kerry asked Ecuador to stop WikiLeaks founder, Julian Assange, from publishing leaked emails that could disrupt peace negotiations with a guerrilla group in Colombia.Assange, who has been in refuge in Ecuador s embassy in London for more than four years, saw his access to the internet cut over the weekend.WikiLeaks blamed the U.S. government, saying Secretary of State John Kerry had requested the move. The John Kerry private meeting with Ecuador was made on the sidelines of the negotiations which took place principally on Sep 26 in Colombia,  WikiLeaks tweeted. Read more: GP ",0
19782,DEMOCRATS ADMIT PLAN To Commit Mass Voter Fraud [Video], ,0
19783,BOYCOTT THE MEDIA! You Know It’s Bad When MSNBC Anchor Calls Out Media Bias On Trump…”Deplorable”, ,0
19784,YOU’RE FIRED! MITT ROMNEY’S NIECE Tells MI GOP Grassroots Chair And Former Ted Cruz State Director…Get Behind Trump Or Get Lost,"Some of the most divisive, partisan politics can be found within the Republican party itself. The media is in collusion with the Democrats who are unanimously supporting woman who should ve been in prison decades ago. Every day a new revelation is made about the criminality of Hillary Clinton and those who surround her. Meanwhile, we ve got people like MI Grassroots Vice Chair Wendy Day talking about voting her  conscience.  Guess what Wendy the next 3 or 4 leftist Supreme Court Justices won t care about your conscience Wendy Day, a grassroots vice chair with the Michigan Republican Party, recently announced that she is  unable to endorse  Republican Donald Trump for president   a decision that has cost her the position with the state party.Michigan Republican Party Grassroots Vice Chair Wendy Day was removed from her office on Monday after voicing opposition to Republican Presidential Nominee Donald Trump.Michigan Republican Party Chair Ronna Romney McDaniel on Monday responded by declaring the seat vacant. Day occupied one of just 12 positions in the party that required officeholders to support nominees chosen by the voters, Romney-McDaniel said in an email to State Committee members on Monday. Upon seeking advice from our legal counsel, and recognizing that our Grassroots Vice Chair is unable to fulfill the duties of her office, I am declaring the position of Grassroots Vice Chair vacant,  Romney McDaniel said. This has been one of the more difficult decisions I have made as Chair. Wendy is my friend,  Romney McDaniel added.  I want to thank Wendy for her service and leadership to our party and know that she will continue to be a strong leader in the Republican Party. In coming to this decision, I applied the rule as if the nominee were Mitt Romney, John McCain, Rick Snyder, or any other Republican Party nominee. Romney McDaniel had offered day the chance to support Trump or step down, but Day declined to resign in letter to Romney McDaniel posted publicly on social media earlier Monday. In the letter Day said she sees her decision to not endorse Trump as  a matter of conscience. In a letter to Romney McDaniel which Day posted publicly on social media Monday, Day said she sees her decision to not endorse Trump as  a matter of conscience.  MLive",0
19785,ELECTION WHISTLEBLOWER: DOJ In Cahoots With Dems…4 Million Dead On Voter Rolls…Trump Is Right! [Video],"J. Christian Adams: Dead people are voting and it s something this administration does not want to do anything about. They must like it. They must like who they are voting for  Now we have four million, four million Steve, ineligible and dead voters on American voter rolls according to the Pew Charitable Trust.While the press and Democrats call Trump a  racist  for even suggesting the voting system is rigged, we find out that the Democrats are refusing to do anything about the 4 million dead people still on voter rolls.Elections expert J. Christian Adams told FOX and Friends on Tuesday morning there are 4 million dead people on US voter rolls. Far left groups continually sue to keep them there. The Obama administration has no desire to clean up these voter rolls.",0
19786,WOW! HILLARY Took State Department Furniture To Furnish Residence,"Most of the documents are testimonies provided to federal investigators in interviews the agents conducted with witnesses.In one of the documents, an unnamed State Department official tells the FBI that  early in Clinton s tenure as Secretary of State, she and her staff were observed removing lamps and furniture from the State Department, which were transported to her residence in Washington, D.C. The staffer did not know  whether these items were ever returned to the government upon Clinton s departure from the State Department. The Clintons were accused of taking more than $200,000 worth of furnishings and other items from the Executive Mansion after they left the White House in 2001, PolitiFact reported. They eventually returned several items due to political pressure.",0
19787,WHOA! MELANIA TRUMP BREAKS HER SILENCE…Fires Back At Trump Accusers [VIDEO],"Melanie Trump is more than just a pretty face. She is brilliant and is not likely someone who is pushed around. In her interview on Fox & Friends that will air on Tuesday between 6-9 am EST, Melania talks about her husband s accusers with Fox and Friends host Ainsley Earhardt. She makes a great point about the timing of Trump s accusers and suggests the correct way for them to handle their accusations I was not surprised in one way, because as I said before, everything was organized. It is 3 weeks before the elections, all these women coming out. These are allegations that are not true. Why now? Why 3 weeks before the election? Why they are accusing my husband  that is not the man I know. They want to damage the presidency of my husband Class act ",0
19788,DRUDGE THREATENS HILLARY…He’s About To Drop Bombshell About Her “Sex Stuff”,"Poor old Crooked Hillary the hits are coming faster than she can lie her way out of them Matt Drudge of the Drudge Report has warned Hillary Clinton that he s about to drop a bombshell about her  sex stuff  Saturday morning.https://twitter.com/DRUDGE/status/787326951920902144 Oh, on the sex stuff. Hillary is about to get hers ,  Drudge said in a tweet.Drudge tweeted a picture of Clinton on the Ellen DeGeneres Show, where she appeared Friday in her first interview following the second presidential debate with Donald Trump.The  sex stuff  Drudge is referring to concerns Clinton s sexuality, which the London Times and several other foreign newspapers brought into question back in 2007 when Clinton was accused of having an affair with her aide Huma Abedin.The Clinton campaign responded to these reports, saying that the reports were  ridiculous  and not to be taken seriously. This does not even qualify as tabloid trash  it s ridiculous and reckless,  a Clinton aide said to The Week.A rumor circulated in the 1990s saying that Clinton was secretly okay with her husband s extramarital affairs because she was secretly a lesbian, but there has been no truth to the rumor.This isn t the first time Clinton has been accused of cheating on her husband. Via: Breitbart News",0
19789,BREAKING UNDERCOVER VIDEO: Democrat Operative…”We’re Starting Anarchy Here”…Hillary Knows What’s Going On… Mentally Ill People Paid To Start Violence…Admits Dems Planned Riots At Chicago Trump Rally [VIDEO]," Graphic, uncensored and disturbing is how James O Keefe of Project Veritas, known for his undercover video work that blew the lid off the corruption with Obama s former employer ACORN.Scott Foval, National Field Director at Americans United For Change tells interviewer they send people out to incite Trump supporters at his rallies. The idea is, that if they can incite Trump supporters and get it on video, it will help them to push a false narrative that Trump supporters are  violent.  Watch him brag about being an  intermediary  between super PACs for Hillary and the DNC. This guy is like a stupid mobster who can t help himself, telling a perfect stranger where all the bodies are buried Watch him explain in detail how they have paid operatives who will show up at Trump events or Trump owned entities to stir up hate. They actually have  agitator training  who help people who work for them understand how to best get a reaction from Trump supporters. Watch Hillary push the false narrative,  Trump supporters are violent  that the underbelly of the Democratic Party is secretly creating through a seedy network of criminal minds:Here s a great example of how Democrats organize to create chaos and incite violence with Trump supporters. The entire time this Trump supporter is trying to answer an interviewers question, this anti-Trump protester is blowing a whistle in his face. Yet again, when a Trump supporter is  being interviewed, (likely paid) agitators are constantly spinning noise makers inches from his face. It s clear they are trying to incite these Trump supporters to commit an act of violence on camera. ***Warning***this video could significantly increase your blood pressure:",0
19790,OBAMA APPOINTED JUDGE Sides With Dems In Critical Swing State…Doesn’t Matter If Vote-by-Mail Ballot Signatures Don’t Match…Votes Still Count,"After only serving less than 4 years on the bench, Barack Obama nominated U.S. District Judge Mark Walker in 2012. Only one week ago, Judge Walker made what many consider a very controversial decision that forces the state of Florida to accept voter registration forms for one extra day because of Hurricane Matthew. Today, Obama appointed U.S. District Judge Mark Walker made another controversial decision after the Democratic Party sued the state. This decision clearly opens the door for extensive voter fraud. If you don t sign your ballot, your vote doesn t count. Seems like a pretty simple concept Pay attention to, and know about the judges on your ballots this November because judges decisions matter Calling the state s current law  illogical  and  bizarre,  a federal judge late Sunday ordered the state of Florida to give thousands of voters a chance to make sure their vote-by-mail ballots are counted.U.S. District Judge Mark Walker ruled that county election offices should notify voters if their signature on a vote-by-mail ballot and their voter registration forms don t match. Voters would then be given a chance to fix the problem by 5 p.m. the day before the election.The Florida Democratic Party sued the state because currently voters who don t sign their vote-by-mail ballot are given a chance to fix it. But voters whose signatures don t match aren t told about the problem until after the election is over and their ballot is discarded.Walker said that makes the law unconstitutional.Meredith Beatrice, a spokeswoman for Secretary of State Ken Detzner, said state officials were reviewing the decision.It is not clear exactly how many voters would be affected by the decision. But more than 23,000 vote-by-mail ballots were rejected by Florida election officials during the 2012 presidential election where President Barack Obama carried the state by slightly more than 74,000 votes.Nearly 513,000 Floridians have already voted by mail according to data compiled by the Florida Division of Elections. And another 2.4 million vote-by-mail ballots have been requested.Judge Walker, citing the contentious 2000 Florida election where George W. Bush carried the state over Al Gore by 537 votes, said he needed to act because the current practice was enough of a burden to affect the outcome of an election and  by extension, our country s future. Florida s Republican-controlled Legislature in 2004 passed a law that said all vote-by-mail ballots that had mismatched signatures or did not contain a signature were to be tossed out. But then in 2013 legislators changed the law to allow people who turned in a ballot without a signature to fix the mistake prior to the election.Detzner, the state s top election official, did not try to defend the current law. Instead his lawyers asserted that he could not order county election offices to correct the problem and that he was not the proper person to sue. Walker disagreed sharply in his decision. Via AP ",0
19791,YES! NEWT GINGRICH Rips Into ABC Anchor Over Anti-Trump Coverage [Video], ,0
19792,LOL! CNN Tells Viewers “IT’S ILLEGAL” To Read Wikileaks Emails…So They’ll Tell You What’s In Them [VIDEO],"Wow! CNN host Chris Cuomo tells viewers it s ILLEGAL to read the Wikileaks emails, but if you watch them, they will tell you what they say. And no he s not kidding! https://twitter.com/Always_Trump/status/787673496537092096Sounds pretty legit Here s leftist CNN host telling his viewers,  We couldn t help Hillary anymore than we have. ",0
19793,HILLARY’S THUGS Spray Paint 20 Cars Outside Trump Rally [Video],"Several attendees left Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump s Saturday rally in Bangor to find their parked cars vandalized with white spray paint.A Bangor police spokesman said officers were  seeking witnesses and reviewing video  in the criminal mischief case at the New York City billionaire s us-against-them speech blasting   a rigged system  at the Cross Insurance Center.More than 20 cars parked between the Bangor Raceway and Buck Street were hit with lines of white paint. Attendees said the owners of some of the cars appeared to drive off without noticing without the vandalism.Paul Foster, a painter and Trump supporter from Eastbrook whose van was painted, said the rally  couldn t have been more peaceful,  but he blamed the vandalism on Trump opponents, saying  there ain t no thinking about it, I know so. Trump supporters in Bangor, ME >> leave the rally to find their cars spray painted. pic.twitter.com/jW5UzkdkoB  #BasketOfDeplorables (@betioserrano) October 15, 2016Read more: GP",0
19794,JUDGE NAPOLITANO On Reckless Hillary’s Emails: She Could Be Responsible For Deaths Of CIA And FBI Agents [VIDEO]," Members Of The Intelligence Committee Simply Don t Want Hillary As Next President of the United States As Barack Obama blames Russia for hacking Hillary s emails and vows to pay back Putin with a massive cyber attack Fox News contributor Judge Napolitano explains why the NSA, and not the Russian government, is to blame for hacking the DNC email servers:",0
19795,ROSEANNE BARR PAID HIGH PRICE For Crossing Hillary: My Show Was Cancelled By “Rapist Bill Clinton” For Interviewing Paula Jones [VIDEO],"Add one more person whose career or life has been destroyed by the Clinton s as they scratch and claw their way into the White House Actress and comedienne Roseanne Barr revealed that she paid a high price for crossing Hillary Clinton.Barr believes her talk show was cancelled after she gave Paula Jones, who accused former president Bill Clinton of sexual harassment, a platform to speak in 1998.The 63 year-old actress is sure the fate of her show was sealed when she interviewed Jones and did not support the Clinton narrative that the former president was innocent of the allegations. Liberal Hollywood took note and Barr s show ended, despite its former success, she believes.  There really is a deeper issue underneath the Clintonite spin of this  right-wing conspiracy  because apparently conservatives are not letting the President keep his pants zipped up, or something. Here is her 1998 interview with Paula Jones who accused Bill Clinton of sexual abuse: Barr has made no secret of her dislike for the Clintons and has filled her social media with criticism of the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband. She even caught the attention of Donald Trump who tweeted his thanks for one of her comments.Via: DownTrend",0
19796,YOUNG BLACK MAN WHO SAYS BILL CLINTON Is His Father Blames Hillary For Keeping Them Apart…Just Like Slavery When Wives Banished Husband’s Black Offspring [VIDEO],"Danney Williams has been begging for Bill Clinton to acknowledge him for decades. In the video below, he tells a heartbreaking story of living in poverty and being moved from foster care home to foster care home. He also tells of a time when Bill Clinton secretly sent money to his mother and state troopers delivered Christmas gifts to their home. His mother was a prostitute during the time that Bill Clinton was Governor of the state of Arkansas. Williams says he was told he was conceived after Bill Clinton and his mother were  together  13 times. I guess this is one  black life  that the Clinton s didn t think mattered so much ",0
19797,"CATHOLIC BISHOP OUTRAGED Over Hillary’s ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY: Hillary’s A “Scheming, Robotic Liar With Lifelong Appetite For Power” [VIDEO]","Hillary s been using churches across America as a backdrop to promote the violent Black Lives Matter movement in an effort to pander for black votes. She proves every day how little respect she has for our religious institutions, the Christian community and more specifically, the Catholic church and it s  backwards  members. Will Catholics finally see the writing on the wall this election, or will they elect a woman who will unquestionably nominate Supreme Court Justices who are hell-bent on destroying our religious rights?Outraged by the anti-Catholic bigotry displayed in leaked Team Clinton emails this week, the powerful Philadelphia bishop blasted both President Obama and Hillary Rodham Clinton for their efforts to undermine church teachings.In his weekly column for the Archdiocese of Philadelphia, Archbishop Charles Chaput Thursday demanded that Clinton repudiate the emails   then added that he doesn t expect her to.Mocking the theme in the emails that Catholics are backward thinking for views on abortion, marriage and other core issues, Chaput wrote,  Of course it would be wonderful for the Clinton campaign to repudiate the content of these ugly WikiLeaks emails. All of us backward-thinking Catholics who actually believe what Scripture and the Church teach would be so very grateful. Via: Washington Examiner",0
19798,BUSTED! THE MOST DAMAGING Clinton Foundation Emails Yet: “Friends of Bill”," Friends of Bill Long-secret emails just caught Team Hillary in another blatant lie   namely, the claim that Clinton Foundation donors got no special treatment from Clinton s State Department. In fact, ABC s  case study  of the 2010 Haiti-relief feeding frenzy may be the most damning foundation scoop yet.And the foundation isn t even denying it.ABC News got the emails via a Freedom of Information lawsuit. They show that, after the devastating 2010 Haiti earthquake, a top Hillary aide repeatedly gave special attention to  Friends of Bill  looking to cash in.Indeed, the aide, Caitlin Klevorick, kept asking foundation official Amitabh Desai  to flag when people are friends of WJC    William Jefferson Clinton. Anyone without a special tag (FOB, WJC-VIP) got rebuffed by State and referred to a federal website.State was besieged with requests to get in on $10 billion in aid contracts, described in one government cable as  a gold rush. One FOB, a major foundation donor who d served as Bill s Texas chair, used his pull on behalf of a firm he admitted  wanted to get some of the business  and had him use the Clinton Foundation as  a facilitator. Klevorick told ABC the special attention was about learning who had a history in Haiti so as  to get the necessary resources to the right places as soon as possible to save lives. One problem: She never asked if anyone had experience in Haiti or even with aid relief. Her only question:  Is this a FOB?  And her only instruction to the foundation was that all FOBs be  flagged. Which is why the Haiti analyst for the nonpartisan Center for Economic and Policy says,  The line was pretty faint between  the foundation and the State Department.Even if the Clintons follow through on their vow to put  disinterested  third parties in charge at the foundation, this is a warning of how a Clinton White House would work   because political favoritism and corruption are just how Bill and Hillary roll.Via: NYP",0
19799,“HILLARY CLINTON SEXUALLY ASSAULTED ME!” [Video],"After years and even decades in some cases, throngs of women have decided to finally speak out, all at once only weeks before the man they re accusing is about to defeat Crooked Hillary in one of the most important Presidential races of our lifetime. Terrance Williams has a thing (or two) to say about that. Watch:",0
19800,BUSTED! LATEST WOMAN TO ACCUSE Trump Of Sexual Advances Recently Emailed Him Asking For Help,"Trump s latest accuser, Summer Zervos who was a contestant on  The Apprentice,  stood next to high profile lawyer and Hillary delegate, Gloria Allred today and read a statement accusing Trump of inappropriate sexual behavior. Tonight, Trump responds by telling voters Zervos emailed him only 6 months ago asking for help. Here is Trump s response to the this and other false accusations that have mysteriously been levied against him all at once, only 3 weeks before the election, and in the midst of the release of Wikileaks  emails that expose some of the most damning information about Crooked Hillary to date. Trump also makes a promise to his supporters that he will now stay on track and to stop allowing the Left to distract him and the voters from issues that are truly important to us:",0
19801,VOTE FOR A DEMOCRAT In This State…Get A Prize! Does Anyone Care That Democrats Are Stealing Our Election?,"Every day we hear of more voter fraud being uncovered across the United States. This is nothing new and every election we read about more and more early voter fraud being committed. When will Republicans stop cowering to threats of  racism  and voter suppressions levied by the very people who are stealing our votes?There s a mere four weeks left to go before the presidential election, and the allegations of voter fraud just. Keep. Coming.The Kankakee Daily Journal, a local newspaper in a county just south of Chicago, reported last week that several citizens in the small county reported they were offered bribes in return for casting votes for Democrats. Voting officials were also looking into reports that some mail-in voter applications had been filed from outside the county.From the article:The Kankakee County State s Attorney s office says it is investigating possible voting fraud after the clerk s office reported three complaints from people who said they were offered bribes for votes.In a news release issued late Tuesday afternoon, Jamie Boyd, the state s attorney, also said  several  vote-by-mail applications seem to have come from people living outside of Kankakee County. This unprecedented action was taken in response to reports of individuals from Chicago offering gifts to potential voters in exchange for a vote for Kate Cloonen, Hillary Clinton and others,  Boyd said in the news release.  Our office takes seriously the obligation to protect the rights of citizens to vote for the candidate of their choice, and to do so without undue influence from special interest groups. The investigation will also focus on the authenticity of vote by mail requests. Several applications have been filed with the election authority that appear to be fraudulently executed. The report closely followed allegations of voter fraud in Virginia, where at least 20 dead people were illegally registered to vote by a James Madison student working for a local voter registration group called HarrisonburgVOTES. The Washington Free Beacon reported the group is run by one Joe Fitzgerald, the chairman of his local Democratic Committee, and that the student, Andrew Spieles, is also a registered Democrat.Additionally, the Virginia Voters Alliance and the Public Interest Legal Foundation found that at least 1,046 non-U.S. citizens across eight districts had voted in the 2012 presidential election. Via:MRCTV",0
19802,BREAKING: OBAMA POISED To Exact Revenge On PUTIN With Unprecedented Cyber Attack For Allegedly Exposing Hillary Emails…While Campaigning For Hillary,"Putin Tells Russian Army To Prepare For WWWIII With U.S While Obama whines about Trump campaigns for Hillary Is our Community Organizer In Chief actually willing to put our nation s security at risk because he believes Putin is responsible for Hillary s email hacks? What kind of sick, reckless and vengeful clown do we have running our nation? The Obama administration is contemplating an unprecedented cyber covert action against Russia in retaliation for alleged Russian interference in the American presidential election, U.S. intelligence officials told NBC News.Current and former officials with direct knowledge of the situation say the CIA has been asked to deliver options to the White House for a wide-ranging  clandestine  cyber operation designed to harass and  embarrass  the Kremlin leadership.The sources did not elaborate on the exact measures the CIA was considering, but said the agency had already begun opening cyber doors, selecting targets and making other preparations for an operation. Former intelligence officers told NBC News that the agency had gathered reams of documents that could expose unsavory tactics by Russian President Vladimir Putin.Vice President Joe Biden told  Meet the Press  moderator Chuck Todd on Friday that  we re sending a message  to Putin and that  it will be at the time of our choosing, and under the circumstances that will have the greatest impact. When asked if the American public will know a message was sent, the vice president replied,  Hope not. Retired Admiral James Stavridis told NBC News  Cynthia McFadden that the U.S. should attack Russia s ability to censor its internal internet traffic and expose the financial dealings of Putin and his associates.   NBC NewsFULL REPORT: @NBCNews has learned the CIA is preparing a major unprecedented cyber-strike against Russia. @CynthiaMcFadden reports pic.twitter.com/MjxKrdL7zS  NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) October 14, 2016Vladimir Zhirinovsky, a flamboyant veteran lawmaker known for his fiery rhetoric, told Reuters in an interview that Trump was the only person able to de-escalate dangerous tensions between Moscow and Washington.Americans should vote for Donald Trump as president next month or risk being dragged into a nuclear war, according to a Russian ultra-nationalist ally of President Vladimir Putin who likes to compare himself to the U.S. Republican candidate.By contrast, Trump s Democratic rival Hillary Clinton could spark World War Three, said Zhirinovsky, who received a top state award from Putin after his pro-Kremlin Liberal Democratic Party of Russia (LDPR) came third in Russia s parliamentary election last month.Zhirinovsky s comments coincide with deep disagreements between Washington and Moscow over Syria and Ukraine and after the White House last week accused Russia of a campaign of cyber attacks against Democratic Party organizations.Even as WikiLeaks released another trove of internal documents from Clinton s campaign on Wednesday, Putin insisted his country was not involved in an effort to influence the U.S. presidential election. Via: Reuters ",0
19803,OOPS! HILLARY’S HIT WOMAN LIED About Trump Groping Her…Eye-Witness Comes Forward: “It was she that was the one being flirtatious”,"It should be the lead story on every network, but you ll likely only see it in a few places. It doesn t change the fact however, that an eye-witness has come forward to say the woman accusing Trump of sexual assault on the plane, was actually pursuing him Donald Trump s campaign says a British man is countering claims that the GOP presidential nominee groped a woman on a cross-country flight more than three decades ago.The man says he was sitting across from the accuser and contacted the Trump campaign because he was incensed by her account   which is at odds with what he witnessed. I have only met this accuser once and frankly cannot imagine why she is seeking to make out that Trump made sexual advances on her. Not only did he not do so (and I was present at all times) but it was she that was the one being flirtatious,  Anthony Gilberthorpe said in a note provided to The Post by the Trump campaign.In an exclusive interview arranged by the campaign, Gilberthorpe said he was on the flight   in either 1980 or 1981  where Jessica Leeds claimed Trump groped her.Gilberthorpe, 54, said he was sitting across the first class aisle from the couple and saw nothing inappropriate. Leeds was wearing a white pantsuit, he said, while Trump was wearing a suit and cuff-links, which he gave to his British flight companion.Indeed, Gilberthorpe claimed, Leeds was  trying too hard  in her attempt to win Trump over. She wanted to marry him,  Gilberthorpe said of Leeds, who apparently made the confession when Trump excused himself and went to the bathroom.There was no kissing, but the  shrill  Leeds was  very much in your face  with the real estate developer.Gilberthorpe made headlines in 2014, when he went public with a claim that as a 17-year-old he procured boys (some who  could have been  underage ) for sex parties with high-ranking British politicians.Gilberthorpe has no evidence to back up his claim   just his self-described excellent memory. What she said about Trump is wrong,  he told The Post.  I mean, no decent human being could sit by and have a woman go on television and tell the United States of America   accuse an individual of sexually molesting. It s wrong for Trump, it s wrong for me. But you know something else? It s wrong for the American people,  he said.Leeds alleged this week in interviews with The New York Times and CNN that Trump groped her, touching her  wherever he could find a landing spot. The guy in the seat across the aisle could see. And I kept thinking, maybe the stewardess is going to come and he ll stop, but she never came,  Leeds told CNN.That allegation infuriated Gilberthorpe, a retiree living in northwest England, who said,  That I sat there   eyes bulging   and not intervening is nonsense. If there s evidence Trump s done it, sure, hang him from the post, but I was there, I was in a position to know that what she said was wrong, wrong, wrong,  he said.He immediately recognized Leeds when he saw video of her in The Times earlier this week holding up a younger picture of herself. Undoubtedly it was her,  he said.  I have a good photographic memory. I recognized her. He said he contacted the Trump campaign because he didn t like that Leeds said that another passenger sat by while she was molested. Via: NYP ",0
19804,BEN CARSON DESTROYS Interrupting Anti-Trump MSNBC Host: “Can You Turn Her Microphone Off Please?” [VIDEO],"Notify the CDC. It's spreading. #BenCarson #MorningJoe #TrumpFlu https://t.co/OUseiA7GVs  BCP (@b_c_p_source) October 14, 2016",0
19805,WOW! LEGAL HISPANIC AMERICAN IMMIGRANT Unloads On Racist Hillary Supporters: “Liberals Are Desperate Because They Know They’re Gonna Lose” [VIDEO], ,0
19806,JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO Rips Into The Lying Media “In Cahoots with Clintons” [Video], ,0
19807,"DICK MORRIS: HOW HILLARY Hired “Secret Police” To Threaten, Smear Bill’s Rape, Sexual Assault Victims [VIDEO]", Secret police ? Sounds like a strong arm tactic you d find a political leader using in a communist country to force your will on other people. Hmmm https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/786697347254419456,0
19808,BREAKING: WIKILEAKS EMAILS SUGGEST Supreme Court Justice Scalia May Have Been Murdered,"Here s what we ve got with the new e-mails and it s a doozy:The internet is blowing up over a document regarding Supreme Court Justice Scalia.A new theory has emerged that Hillary Clinton and her lackeys are linked to Justice Scalia s death.TMN Today reported:The theory comes from a WikiLeaks email from Hillary s Chairman John Podesta to DC lobbyist Steve Elmendorf. Elmendorf was also the former chief of staff to Democratic leader Dick Gephardt.Podesta writes,  Didn t think wet works meant pool parties at the Vineyard. Elmendrof responds,  I am all in Sounds like it will be a bad nite , we all need to buckle up and double down The theory goes that Podesta s use of wet work implies an assassination. And the references to pool and Vineyard refer to the Cibolo Creek Ranch where Scalia s body was found. The Ranch does have a pool and it is believed that a vineyard is just down the road. The email was also written just four days before Scalia was found dead on February 13, 2016.Via: GP",0
19809,CNN HOST And Crybaby Hillary Surrogate Get BRUTAL SLAP DOWN When Dr. Gina Loudon Uses Facts Against Them [VIDEO],Dr. Gina Loudon went on CNN today to discuss the fallacious  groping  accusations against Donald Trump. Per Wikileaks we know that CNN is working with the Clinton Campaign to destroy Donald Trump. Numerous leaked emails by Wikileaks prove that they have combined efforts to bring down the Republican candidate.This isn t the first time Brooke Baldwin has been embarrassed by a conservative who destroys her argument and makes her look like an uneducated leftist. She famously interrupted a Republican who brought up Hillary s destruction of 13 mobile devices with hammers. You can watch her FREAK AFTER On-Air  Fact-Check  HERE.Dr. Gina was supposed to discuss alleged groping incidents with Donald Trump. Gina Dropped a bomb! .Via: Gateway Pundit,0
19810,#TREXIT: SWING STATE APOCALYPSE…Democrats LEAVE Party In Massive Numbers…Hillary Won’t Recover,"Hillary s campaign has been working in coordination with the mainstream media for months to hide Donald J. Trump s popularity with the  everyday Americans  Hillary claims to be a champion of. Pennsylvania is one state the Democrat Party would never have believed would be in jeopardy only one month before the election, but then again, they never expected the mass appeal Trump would have with middle America who want their country back and the jobless who want to be contributing members of our society again. We all basically want the same thing, to make America great again and that is why the Democrats are about to lose PA Nearly 100,000 Pennsylvania Democrats have switched to Republican since the beginning of the year.What s more: The Pennsylvania Republican party says more than 240-thousand new voters have joined the party since last November.The state Republican party says that the surge in Republican registrations is nearly twice the number of newly registered Republicans compared to both the 2008 and 2012 numbers combined.Combine this stunning development with the emergence of the Amish vote and the coal miners who are supporting Trump after  Hillary promised to take away their jobs, and you ve got a blue state that has a very high probability of turning red!  PittsburghCBS ",0
19811,BREAKING: VIOLENT HILLARY THUGS Beat Man Holding “Bill Clinton Is A Rapist” Sign At Hillary Rally [Video],"Protester with  Rape  sign is tackled at #Clinton rally in #Las Vegas pic.twitter.com/sJvGvFnpgt  John Treanor (@NewsTreanor) October 13, 2016",0
19812,ANONYMOUS VIDEO Of Bill Clinton Raping 13 Yr Old Could End It All For Crooked Hillary,"Anonymous is a loosely associated international network of activists and hacktivists. They have made a video threatening they are are about to plunge the election into chaos for sexual abuse enabler Crooked Hillary, as they claim to have a sex tape showing Bill Clinton raping a 13 year old girl and will be releasing it. The alleged rape was filmed on billionaire buddy and convicted pedophile, Jeffrey Epstein s Pedophile Island. Anonymous claims Hillary knew about this and has been hiding it. ",0
19813,WIKILEAKS EMAIL: Hillary Camp Calls Conservatives In Church Amazing “Bastardization Of Faith” [VIDEO],"In another Wikileaks email dump, the Hillary camp is caught bashing the Catholic Church yet again. In the email, Catholic John Podesta, Hillary s Catholic Campaign Manager talks about how he has been  planting the seeds  of progressivism in the Catholic church, while calling Catholic conservatives an  amazing bastardization of the church. Hillary Clinton At War With Christ, Christianity & People of God #PodestaEmails5 Admits Scheming To Destroy An Entire Religion! Donald Trump pic.twitter.com/7hP1WSsRfW   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) October 13, 2016",0
19814,WOW! HILLARY SUPPORTER CAUGHT On Undercover Camera Saying “It’s Okay” To Rip Up Republican Voter Registrations [VIDEO],"Democrats are on the move. They are panicking over the size of Trump s rallies vs. Hillary s. They will do whatever is necessary to hold on to power. Americans need to vigilant. We all need to get involved in working to help out with voter registration and to keep an eye on the process. We all need to get involved with the GOP and become poll challengers on election day in precincts, and to help to count absentee ballots. We cannot trust that if we leave this election up to the people who have traditionally been allowed to count our votes or supervise our elections, that we will have a fair result on November 8th. Watch this stunning undercover video taken by James O Keefe s group Project Veritas of one of Hillary s operatives breaking the law, when he suggests it s okay to take away a newly registered voter s right to vote:",0
19815,DON’T BELIEVE THE MEDIA! MASSIVE FL TRUMP RALLY…Fans Walk MILE To Get Into Rally [VIDEO]…While Hillary Handlers Have To Tell Her When To Smile,"The media would like voters to believe that Trump is losing supporters, while Hillary is gaining momentum. The only thing Hillary is gaining on is more evidence of her crooked dealings. Hillary is so unpopular and unlikeable that her campaign is now telling her when to smile. What?THIS IS INSANE!Despite the constant media attacks and lies   CLEARLY Their is ONE CANDIDATE This year who has stolen the hearts of everyday Americans.Trump supporters park their cars and WALK A MILE to get into a Trump rally that was sold out!   GP(Video) Trump Rally In Ocala FL: They Are Still Coming!!! Thousands Still Park Mile Away With Hopes Of Getting In. Time 11:15, Starts Noon pic.twitter.com/SKoGEY3LHr  Trump is Patriot (@TrumpisPatriot) October 12, 2016Here s a look at Trump s the massive support from his (unpaid) fans:Incredible attendance today! #Ocala #TrumpTrain #MAGA #AmericaFirst pic.twitter.com/M7t6UzU8Ya  HAIL TRUMP   (@BarronTrump2072) October 12, 2016Hillary is so unlikeable and has absolutely no natural ability to connect with her voters, while Trump is naturally connecting with voters from every walk of life. It s clear that Trump actually enjoys meeting people from every walk of life, while Hillary s campaign says she  hates  the  everyday Americans  she claims to be a champion of:https://twitter.com/lachlan/status/785545441979011072",0
19816,BREAKING: 28 YR OLD PALESTINIAN MUSLIM Feras Mohamed Freitekh Crashes Plane Near Pratt Whitney HQ’s…Instructor Pilot Said “It Was Intentional”…Media Says Motive Is Still Mystery…LOL!,"28 year old Abdullah Faris Freatekh, aka Feras Mohamed Freitekh was a Muslim with a Palestinian backgroundThe National Transportation Safety Board s initial investigation of a Tuesday s aircraft crash in East Hartford, Connecticut should be a serious concern as it was a possible attempt to destroy one major US military defense contractor. As it seems, Muslims are possibly attempting to carry out an attack by using airplanes again.The investigation by The National Transportation Safety Board also indicates the crash is the result of an intentional act, which means the likelihood this involves an act of terrorism. FBI and police have also raided the pilot s apartment and are questioning three of the associates of Feras M. Freitekh, the pilot. The Jordanian students were also studying to become pilots.Freitekh who was killed on impact is a 28-year-old Jordanian national from a Palestinian background who was studying to become a pilot died after crashing a small plane Tuesday afternoon in Connecticut, and the instructor pilot who survived the crash said it was intentional. Family and friends of Freitekh are already writing about him on Facebook with oodles of praises from  good man   hero  to  Allah be with him  in Arabic. Click and check it out for yourself. Rafeek Zabian comments  Our old friend, Feras Freitekh, is with Allah, after he fulfilled his dream to fly, he died as a pilot, yes, and he accomplished his dream, may Allah be with you .Here are pictures from the Facebook page of in what appears to be Mecca. The pictures appear to be very recent, as they are dated June 3, 2016. People see him kissing the tip of the propeller and they do not think. The kiss is a kiss for the tip of his missile he is using. He and the Muslims and relatives commenting know why he came to the U.S. The argument with the co-pilot that he  does not want to fly anymore  is an excuse to land early because his intention is likely to swerve at the US defense contractor facility. It would take hours to include all the other praises from folks who would seem normal to the naked eye, yet they harbor ill for the United States.What is alarming about this crash is that the crash occurred near Pratt & Whitney, a defense contractor that makes jet engines for the military. Pratt & Whitney is a major defense contractor which manufactures military and commercial jet engines. East Hartford Police Chief called the company s plant  critical infrastructure,  the Hartford Courant reports. Police said the FBI was contacted because of the proximity to Pratt & Whitney.A high-ranking law enforcement source told the Hartford Courant there was an argument between the student pilot and the instructor prior to the crash.  Terrorism is a criminal act,  East Hartford Police spokesman Lieutenant Joshua Litwin said at a press conference.  There is a lot of criminal investigators on scene. Nothing has been ruled out. The surviving flight instructor, identified by the Courant as Arian Prevalla, was able to get out of the plane after the crash and is expected to survive. Freitekh came to the United States from Jordan in 2012 on a temporary M-1 visa for flight school. The FBI and local police raided an apartment on Annawan Street as part of the investigation, WVIT-TV reports. Neighbors told WTIC-TV that four men lived together in the apartment targeted by police. Sources told the Hartford Courant the three other men who lived there were also foreign nationals studying to become pilots. And don t be fooled, the pilot, Feras M. Freitekh also has another Facebook as Rafael Majdi Freitekh and he is gay with all the rainbow flags. He was not a  peaceful Muslim  and neither was he a  peaceful gay  after all, as society tries to arm-twist us to believe about Muslims and gays. He stops writing anything on his timeline for a year is perhaps the man decided to go dark becoming a lone-wolf.The instructor pilot who survived the crash was hospitalized with serious burns, CBS News reports. He was identified as Adrian Prevalla by the Hartford Courant. Officials say he is cooperating with the investigation. He runs the Hartford Jet Center, according to his Linkedin profile. The flight school is based at Hartford-Brainard Airport, where the plane took off from on Tuesday.Via: Shoebat",0
19817,BREAKING! WIKILEAKS EMAIL Shows Bill Clinton Allegedly Sexually Abused His 3rd COUSIN While She Babysat Chelsea,Hillary probably didn t know anything about this one either . https://twitter.com/ConCornerGS/status/786217771872813056Here s the Wikileaks link to this story.,0
19818,FLASHBACK: VULGAR OBAMA EXPOSES Erection To Female Reporters On Campaign Plane [VIDEO],"What a funny guy! I m sure every woman on that campaign plane that he violated with his repulsive, narcissistic, denigrating behavior was really impressed.  Thank God Trump didn t do that. It would have been career ending. For Obama however, it was just all fun and games, and apparently not even worth CNN s time to release the tape until his two terms were up As Donald Trump weathers a storm of controversy over randy comments he made to TV celebrity reporter Billy Bush in 2005, new video to emerge from the 2008 presidential campaign shows now-President Obama appearing to behave just as salaciously. Aboard a campaign flight, then-Senator Obama is talking on a cellphone as he arises from his seat; nearby a female reporter catches a glance of something that makes her uncomfortable, sending her skirmishing to the back of the plane.Obama, rather than downplay the awkward display, instead plays it up, positioning himself so the gathered reporters have little choice but to take in his chauvinistic performance.Meanwhile, a female voice can be heard ordering everyone to sit down, ostensibly so they can get a better look. The gathered female reporters laugh at the scene, further encouraging Obama s bawdy behavior.The video, originally shot by CNN cameras, emerged Tuesday onTwitter, where it spread quickly.Via: Grabian ",0
19819,COLLEGE STUDENTS ADMIT They Got Extra Credit For Attending Hillary Rallies…,"That Explains The Sudden Interest For Hillary On College Campuses The  media  has been hiding Hillary s tiny crowds for over a year and suddenly, when she goes to a college town they    report  crowds of 10,000+.Manufactured crowds for a lying corrupt presidential candidate. Hillary Rotten Clinton is truly running the worst and most crooked Democrat campaign ever Dear Hillary Clinton's campaign,Please stop sending me e-mails, I don't actually like you, I'm only going to your event for extra credit.  Annastasia (@Anna_Hindley_) October 8, 2016College professors giving extra credit to students who attend Rotten Hillary rallies. pic.twitter.com/fiapMRDInp  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) October 11, 2016",0
19820,LEAKED EMAIL: Hillary’s Team Caught Bashing “Backwards” Catholics,"As a Catholic, I m not sure what offends me more, my fellow Catholics who would vote for an anti-LIFE, lying criminal who has put our entire nation s security in jeopardy, or a Catholic who would vote for a woman whose campaign team mocks my faith WikiLeaks has released another 1,000+ hacked emails from Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. The anti-secrecy organization announced part three of their leak on Tuesday afternoon:RELEASE: The Podesta Emails Part 3 (1190 new emails) #HillaryClinton #PodestaEmails #PodestaEmails3 https://t.co/wzxeh70oUm pic.twitter.com/75jVhpvtX8  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 11, 2016Amongst the newly released documents, one email exchange in particular should draw the ire of conservatives and American Catholics specifically.The 2011 email, entitled  Conservative Catholicism , comes from John Halpin, a senior fellow at the left-wing Center for American Progress (CAP), and is addressed to Jennifer Palmieri, formerly of the CAP and current Director of Communications for the 2016 Hillary Clinton presidential campaign, and John Podesta. The email, in which traditional Catholic beliefs are derided as  backwards , drips with contempt for Catholic Americans. Many of the most powerful elements of the conservative movement are all Catholic (many converts) from the SC and think tanks to the media and social groups,  Halpin writes to Podesta.  They must be attracted to the systematic thought and severely backwards gender relations and must be totally unaware of Christian democracy. Palmieri piles onto the Catholic bashing in her response. I imagine they think it is the most socially acceptable politically conservative religion,  Palmieri writes.  Their rich friends wouldn t understand if they became evangelicals. Imagine the same had been written about Muslims.   Hannity.comHere s the exchange:",0
19821,DON’T BELIEVE THE POLLS! Corruption Exposed In Phony NBC Poll Showing Hillary Beating Trump By 11,"This story of corruption and collusion is MIND BOGGLING! The manipulation of American voters is beyond comprehension Researchers and political analysts frequent CTH because we bring you hard, factual, and fully cited research enabling you to make up your own mind about the headlines.What you are about to read (and see) below is a fully cited example of something we have discussed frequently, but withheld until today, so the oppositional forces cannot change strategies in their attempts to manipulate your mind.It is now time to lay all media polling naked for you to grasp. Everything below is fully cited so you can fact-check it for yourself. However, we present this with a disclaimer: the entities exposed will industriously work to change their approach from this day forth.You have probably seen the latest example of the media claiming a released presidential poll from NBC and The Wall Street Journal as an example of Hillary Clinton expanding to an 11 point lead in the weekend following the  controversial  leaked tape of Donald Trump.The claim is complete and utter nonsense. Here s the proof.We begin with a google search showing hundreds of media citations referencing the NBC/WSJ Poll:And here s the NBC link to the poll, and the NBC Link to the pdf of the poll, and the NBC Poll itself in a scribed pdf:Transparently the poll is manipulated with: a) a small sample (500); and b) the following ideological make-up:By itself that ideological snapshot is silly. Nationally the party registration is roughly 27% (R), 32% (D), and 40% (I) However, the polling sample is the least of the issues for this deconstruction.Arguing about the construct or methodology of the poll is typically what most people do when they are refuting a media poll. That aspect alone is not the big story.Hart Research Associates is headed up by Peter D Hart (founder), and Geoff Garin (President)   SEE HERENow look at what role Geoff Garin, Hart Research Associate President, is currently occupying (link here):OK, so Mr. Geoff Garin, the President of Hart Research and Associates , is currently working as  a strategic adviser for Priorities USA in support of Hillary Clinton s election . Gee, I wonder why the media never tells us that part?See the issue?Here are some recent tweets from Geoffrey Garin (the impartial pollster):In his sex scandal Trump remains the master of the double entendre. pic.twitter.com/SP1N4WPHJI  Geoff Garin (@geoffgarin) October 8, 2016Here is the VERY SCUMMY Geoff Garin arguing with Obama s equally scummy Senior Advisor David Axelrod in 2008 on Meet the Press:Wait, we re not even close to finished. It gets better.Let s take a look at the recent financial connection between, Geoff Garin, Hart Research Associates and Hillary Clinton s Priorities USA Super-PAC.For that information we turn to FEC filings -HERE-. What do they indicate?On Page #118 of the September 2016 (most recent) filing we find a payment for $178,500 (screen grab above)On Page #92 of the same September 2016 (most recent) filing, we find another payment for $42,000 (screen grab below)  $220,500.00 in the month of September alone paid by Hillary Clinton s Priorities USA Super-PAC to Hart Research Associates.  The President of Hart Research Associates, Geoff Garin, is working for Hillary Clinton s campaign.  NBC (S Burke) and The WSJ (Murdoch) contact Geoff Garin (Hart Research Associates) for the post-debate poll data they will use on the day following the debate.  Hart Research Associates provides a small national poll sample (500) result, with skewed party internals, showing Hillary Clinton +11 points.Via: Conservative Treehouse",0
19822,BREAKING BOMBSHELL: UNDERCOVER VIDEO Shows NY Dem Elections Official Explain STUNNING Voter Fraud Scams In Minority Areas…No ID’s…Absentee Votes,"This video will leave you breathless, as you watch a NY Democrat out the Democrat party and the unbelievable voter fraud the commit. Mayor DeBlasio and Hillary should be sharing a cell together! The Manhattan Democratic representative on the city s Board of Elections was caught on a secret video slamming Mayor Bill de Blasio s municipal ID program as contributing to  all kinds of fraud    including at the polls. He gave out ID cards, de Blasio. That s in lieu of a driver s license, but you can use it for anything,  Commissioner Alan Schulkin said in the undercover video recorded by a muckraker for conservative nonprofit Project Veritas. But they didn t vet people to see who they really are. Anybody can go in there and say,  I am Joe Smith, I want an ID card,  he said in the bombshell tape. It s absurd. There is a lot of fraud. Not just voter fraud, all kinds of fraud . . . This is why I get more conservative as I get older. Schulkin didn t hold back to the undercover journalist, who identified herself as a political consultant at a United Federation of Teachers holiday party on Dec. 16.Not realizing he was being recorded, he broke with his own party s position that voter ID requirements hurt the poor and minorities.Schulkin said he backed the IDs to prevent rampant fraud. The law says you can t ask for anything. Which they really should be able to do,  Schulkin said, according to a copy of the video and transcript provided to The Post. I believe they should be able to do it,  he added.The videographer asked point-blank,  You think they should have voter ID in New York? Schulkin responded,  Voters? Yeah, they should ask for your ID. I think there is a lot of voter fraud. Conservatives claim ID checks help curb voter fraud.Liberal and civil rights groups argue such rules discourage voting and discriminate against minorities and the poor. You know, I don t think it s too much to ask somebody to show some kind of an ID . . . You go into a building, you have to show them your ID,  Schulkin said.While discussing the potential for fraud, Schulkin volunteered that in some parts of the city,  they bus people around to vote . . . They put them in a bus and go poll site to poll site. Asked which neighborhoods, Schulkin said,  I don t want to say. When the undercover mentions black and Hispanic neighborhoods, Schulkin responded,  Yeah . . . and Chinese, too. At another point in the conversation, he discussed potential absentee ballot fraud. Oh, there s thousands of absentee ballots . . . I don t know where they came from,  he said.The undercover offered that  people can cover their faces  to shield their identity when voting, which triggered a conversation about burqas. The Muslims can do that, too. You don t know who they are,  Schulman said. Via: NYP",0
19823,"HILLARY SET TO DESTROY LIVES Of Proud, Hard-Working, Black Coal Miners To Satisfy Mostly White Environmental Activists [VIDEO]","Stealing Jobs From Minorities To Satisfy White Environmentalists Is The Worst Kind Of Racism It s always about the money for Hillary. A University of Michigan survey in May found that leaders of environmental groups are overwhelmingly white males, with ethnic minorities occupying fewer than 12% of leadership positions.The environmental groups that are calling for sweeping changes to the economy   moving away from oil and coal to carbon-free sources of energy   seem incapable of making a transition themselves. These almost exclusively white groups are helping to fund Hillary s campaign while stealing the livelihood of hard-working black American coal miners and Blacks in the communities who s livelihood depends on the coal industry.Take a look at the top executives at eight of the top 10 groups devoted to fighting that fight:Sierra Club? White male.Nature Conservancy? White male.League of Conservation Voters? White male.AdvertisementWorld Wildlife Fund? White male.Environmental Defense Fund? White male.Friends of the Earth? White male.National Audubon Society? White male.Nature Conservancy? White male.Yet, Hillary persists in her desire to shut down the coal industry that has given minorities a way to live a middle to upper middle-class lifestyle, as a way to satisfy her white donors and activists.Watch here as coal miner confronts Hillary on her promise to shut down coal industry:https://youtu.be/-aiHD7AcfbsCoal was booming, and work was plentiful. By the 1930s, the industry employed 400,000 miners, 55,000 of whom were black. African Americans were restricted to more physically demanding positions requiring less skill, earning 30 percent less than whites. But their wages were still high by national standards: $118.30 per month, according to one 1929 survey. By contrast, a national study in 1939 later found that black men earned an average income of $460 per year.By the 1950s, African Americans made up 24 percent of McDowell s population, compared with 6 percent statewide. Locals came to refer to the area as  the Free State of McDowell.  Black doctors, lawyers and entrepreneurs also flocked to the county, drawn to the promise of a better life. Even in the Jim Crow era, unions in the area were integrated, blacks in West Virginia enjoyed voting rights, and local political leadership included many people of color. Everybody had money,  says Clif Moore, a current state delegate for McDowell who was born in the county in 1949.  It was sort of like little New York. Like a little Manhattan. Everything was popping. But at mid-century, as machines began to take over the tasks of drilling and blasting coal and hauling it above ground, black miners were the first to lose their jobs. What had once been an all but certain gateway to the middle class began to close. African Americans fled the industry at even higher rates than whites; by 1960, the share of black workers in coal shrank to 6.6 from 12 percent a decade earlier. In 2014, the most recent year for which Bureau of Labor Statistics data are available, only about 2,500 blacks worked as coal miners, less than 3 percent of the total.Coal has seen booms and busts before, but for locals, this time feels different. Production in Appalachia fell last year by 13 percent (and 10 percent nationwide) as tougher environmental regulations and cheaper natural gas choked off demand for the highly polluting fossil fuel. Last month, the Obama administration announced a moratorium on new coal leases on public lands. Many of the area s mines have closed. Shops are often empty; drug use is rampant. McDowell is now West Virginia s poorest county.Still, families who ve lived here for generations say they re reluctant to leave. They praise the region s physical beauty, close-knit family life and friendly Southern manners.  It s a different kind of black folk here.   They dress differently, they talk differently, they carry themselves differently. They have a little arrogance about them,  says Moore with a grin.Wade, like others here, harbors particular resentment for the Obama administration.  He hasn t done anything for us,  says the 88-year-old, leaning back on a couch in his living room overlooking the mountains.  If he were running again, I just couldn t vote for him. And I ve been a Democrat my whole life. When Wade first started in the mines, Franklin D. Roosevelt was president. It was a dangerous gig, but Wade didn t worry much about safety, even after his brother nearly died in a motor accident underground and his father lost an eye in a roof collapse. Wade says he didn t witness much discrimination, either.  I had some of the nicest white friends that you would ever want to meet. He got involved in the mine s union, serving as president, and later took a job with the United Mine Workers of America. From 2005 to 2011, after his retirement, he also served as mayor of Keystone. But while he cared about local politics, his heart was in the mines. Even today, Wade drives the 30 minutes to the union offices once a week just to say hello.For Jeremy McMillian, 25, working in the mines was difficult at first. He was one of just 13 black employees among roughly 400 at the Pinnacle Mine in Pineville, West Virginia, he says. Occasionally, people directed racial slurs his way, but more often, they simply ignored him.  People not talking to you, just walking by you like you re invisible,  says McMillian.  It s been days I wanted to snap, go crazy. They ll push your buttons. But over five years of running a coal buggy in and out of the mine, he gradually grew close to some colleagues.  I can t blame them. Their parents taught them that. McMillian never thought he d be a coal miner. His father was a cop, and his stepdad, who raised him, owned a roofing business. No one in high school had ambitions to work in the mines unless their fathers did, so McMillian never expected to end up there. In fact, he was afraid of the mines. He d heard of coal workers  pneumoconiosis, more commonly known as black lung. (A recent report found that after near eradication 15 years ago, black lung has resurged as coal miners work longer hours, often in dirtier conditions.) And he didn t think it was a profession welcome to black people. So after high school, he found a job as a mechanic.But when a father of a friend, a white man who d worked in the mines for 32 years, told him he could earn six figures as a coal miner, McMillian signed on. His health concerns haven t evaporated, though. You can make $100,00 a year,  he says.  They pay you that much because it s a dangerous job.  Each time a shift of workers prepares to go underground, he says, they pray together.  All I can do and pray [is that] it ain t my last day in the mines. His wife, a cheerleading coach at the local high school, is ready for him to quit. But there aren t many other jobs available. He has two children to provide for   a 7-year-old daughter and 7-month-old girl. He s studying for his roofing license so he can take over his stepfather s business one day. But he plans to keep working in coal as long as it s viable.That may not be long. In October, his employer, Cliffs Natural Resources, announced it was laying off more than 200 people   roughly half its staff   at the Pinnacle Mine. McMillian kept his job, but his overtime hours were capped, costing him about $2,300 a month, he says. He was relieved, though, to still have a job.McMillian says he s frustrated that so many national politicians seem to be turning against coal.  We don t like Obama  cause he don t like us,  he says. Instead, he may vote for Donald Trump:  He talk a good game,  McMillian says.  We ll see if he stick to it. I mean, who wouldn t want to pay less taxes?  He says he pays up to $2,400 a month in state and federal taxes on his monthly salary, which ranges from $4,000 to $4,500, depending on his hours.Two days before New Year s, McMillian was laid off. But as he was making plans to start a job as a truck driver hauling cars and heavy equipment cross-country, he was called back to the mines. He s happy to be back at work, for now. But he imagines he ll soon have to give up coal for trucking.With her long, black dreadlocks; warm smile; and Trinidadian accent, Janice Martin, 62, doesn t look or sound like a typical coal miner. She arrived in McDowell County in the late 1970s when her then-husband returned to his home state to find work in the lucrative coal industry.Following her mother s counsel, Martin searched for a job too. The mines seemed an obvious place to look. But she was shut out.  They said women were not allowed in the coal mines because they thought it was bad luck,  says Martin. But a few years later, after equal opportunity laws forced the mines to hire women, she tried again. This time she was successful and soon was one of the first five women hired at U.S. Steel Co. Mine Number 9 in Gary, West Virginia.At Mine 9, Martin was a mason. She laid blocks and built stoppings to aid air ventilation for $10 an hour, a good salary for a man or woman. She didn t mind the work, but the male-dominated culture could be demoralizing.  They cuss, and they make dirty jokes, and they make women jokes, and they make black jokes, and they make Polish jokes. I mean, that s how life is, and you have to get used to it.  But none of the jokes were personal, Martin says, and she never felt disrespected.Nearly 40 years later, she s still employed in the coal industry, as the only female (or African-American) mine inspector for the state of West Virginia, covering McDowell and a few other counties. She loves her work but believes even bigger job losses are about to hit.  These communities are dying   slowly,  she says.  People are moving out of these areas, and they aren t coming back. As she drives through McDowell in her beige GMC truck, the Trinidadian flag flying from the mirror, she points with sadness and frustration to the retail stores and government buildings that have shut down in recent years   cleaners, banks, grocery stories, a school. The industry s decline is also hitting her at home. Martin once hoped her 19-year-old daughter, Jazzlee, would work in the mines, but instead she s studying to be a welder.  I raised her that she was going to be in the mines, but the mines dropped drastically; there is no future in mining now. Via: Al Jazeera America",0
19824,WOW! DID “Open Borders” Paul Ryan’s Top Advisor Leak Trump Tapes To Liberal Press…Is GOP Setting Up Ryan And Romney For Presidential Bid In 2020?,"A longtime Republican financial backer who attended a New York fundraiser held by Chris Christie for Donald Trump Thursday tells The Daily Caller that most Republican donors are on board with Trump, yet House Speaker Paul Ryan is hoping Trump loses so he can run in four years.The source tells TheDC that the reason Ryan has not been coming out strongly for Trump is because of his desire to run in four years. Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, who has been fervently anti-Trump, also wants to run in four years, according to the longtime Republican backer. Romney will be 73 in 2020.  Daily CallerOn Friday, the Clinton Campaign (Washington Post) released video of Donald Trump bragging about grabbing p*ssy in an off the record conversation with Billy Bush.The Los Angeles Times reported hours after audio was released of Donald Trump making sexually suggestive comments about a woman, that House Speaker Paul D. Ryan castigated Trump and said he would no longer attend their scheduled event on Saturday. I am sickened by what I heard today,  Ryan said in a statement.  Women are to be championed and revered, not objectified. I hope Mr. Trump treats this situation with the seriousness it deserves and works to demonstrate to the country that he has greater respect for women than this clip suggests. Paul Ryan was scheduled to campaign with Trump for the first time on Saturday. It never happened.On Sunday Donald Trump crushed Hillary Clinton in one of the most lopsided debates in political history. It was a brilliant performance. Trump made everyone forget about the WaPo tape.On Monday Paul Ryan sabotaged Donald Trump again and changed the political narrative.Ryan announced he will not campaign with or defend Donald Trump for the rest of the election cycle. This was an odd statement considering Paul Ryan has not once defended Donald Trump this year. He s only attacked Trump, the record-setting Republican primary winner.Liberty University president Jerry Falwell, Jr. suggested today that GOP elites may have leaked the video..@dansenor Writing about #BillyBush tapes, hearing your wife (ex NBC) got a hold of tapes and you pushed the story for your boss. Comment?  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) October 11, 2016https://twitter.com/dansenor/status/785445216299978759Here s Paul Ryan caught on tape cozying up to rapist Bill Clinton:Now this  There are  rumors  that Paul Ryan s close advisor #NeverTrumper Dan Senor is behind the leaks.I spoke with a reporter tonight who believes the reports are true. It was GOP elites who released the audio to the Washington Post.Dan Senor has been pushing the WaPo audio all day. He is determined to keep the story alive. And he s a Republican?https://twitter.com/dansenor/status/785444757912838144 Via: Gateway Pundit",0
19825,"WIKILEAKS CLINTON CAMPAIGN EMAIL: Uneducated, “Unaware” Supporters Not As Easy To Manipulate As Before","Another stunning, arrogant slam against Hillary supporters by the Hillary campaign A Clinton campaign email released as part of the Wikileaks data dump earlier today talks about the need to maintain political power by producing  an unaware and compliant citizenry .The email was sent to Hillary Clinton s campaign chairman John Podesta by former Clinton administration official Bill Ivy on March 13, 2016.Ivy was appointed Chairman of the National Endowment for the Arts during Bill Clinton s second term. According to his bio, Ivy  is a trustee of the Center for American Progress (a Clinton campaign front), and was a Team Leader in the Barack Obama presidential transition. In the email, Ivy outlines the panic amongst some Democrats that Donald Trump s  celebrity politics  persona cannot be matched by Hillary, who is  not an entertainer, and not a celebrity in the Trump, Kardashian mold. Money isn t all that important if you can conflate entertainment with the electoral process. Trump masters TV, TV so-called news picks up and repeats and repeats to death this opinionated blowhard and his hairbrained ideas, free-floating discontent attaches to a seeming strongman and we re off and running,  complains Ivy.Ivy wonders how Clinton can combat Trump s larger than life appeal, worrying that simply  defaulting to policy  won t work.  And as I ve mentioned, we ve all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry,  he writes. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking   and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging. To emphasize, Ivy admits that the left has  conspired  to  produce an unaware and compliant citizenry  but that they re not as easy to manipulate anymore and that this is a problem. He characterizes  unawareness  amongst the public as a positive thing for the Clinton campaign.Ivy ends the email by saying he will attend a Clinton fundraiser and that he fears,  we are all now trying to navigate a set of forces that cannot be simply explained or fully understood. For entire story: Infowars",0
19826,WOW! 1996 NYT’s Stunning Article SLAYS First Lady Hillary Clinton…Calls Her A “CONGENITAL LIAR”…”she is in the longtime habit of lying; and she has never been called to account for lying”,"How did we ever get to the point where we would even  consider electing a woman who is the most well-known liar in America? The media has been buzzing since what many consider an inappropriate private conversation that Donald J. Trump had with another man 11 years ago was released. Funny how the media is willing to gloss over a shameful career of a  congenital liar  simply because her last name is Clinton (wife of the former President Bill Clinton who was impeached for lying under oath to a Grand Jury) and because she comes equipped with the right genitatlia   Americans of all political persuasions are coming to the sad realization that our First Lady   a woman of undoubted talents who was a role model for many in her generation   is a congenital liar.Drip by drip, like Whitewater torture, the case is being made that she is compelled to mislead, and to ensnare her subordinates and friends in a web of deceit.1. Remember the story she told about studying The Wall Street Journal to explain her 10,000 percent profit in 1979 commodity trading? We now know that was a lie told to turn aside accusations that as the Governor s wife she profited corruptly, her account being run by a lawyer for state poultry interests through a disreputable broker.She lied for good reason: To admit otherwise would be to confess taking, and paying taxes on, what some think amounted to a $100,000 bribe.2. The abuse of Presidential power known as Travelgate elicited another series of lies. She induced a White House lawyer to assert flatly to investigators that Mrs. Clinton did not order the firing of White House travel aides, who were then harassed by the F.B.I. and Justice Department to justify patronage replacement by Mrs. Clinton s cronies.Now we know, from a memo long concealed from investigators, that there would be  hell to pay  if the furious First Lady s desires were scorned. The career of the lawyer who transmitted Hillary s lie to authorities is now in jeopardy. Again, she lied with good reason: to avoid being identified as a vindictive political power player who used the F.B.I. to ruin the lives of people standing in the way of juicy patronage.3. In the aftermath of the apparent suicide of her former partner and closest confidant, White House Deputy Counsel Vincent Foster, she ordered the overturn of an agreement to allow the Justice Department to examine the files in the dead man s office. Her closest friends and aides, under oath, have been blatantly disremembering this likely obstruction of justice, and may have to pay for supporting Hillary s lie with jail terms.Again, the lying was not irrational. Investigators believe that damning records from the Rose Law Firm, wrongfully kept in Vincent Foster s White House office, were spirited out in the dead of night and hidden from the law for two years   in Hillary s closet, in Web Hubbell s basement before his felony conviction, in the President s secretary s personal files   before some were forced out last week.Why the White House concealment? For good reason: The records show Hillary Clinton was lying when she denied actively representing a criminal enterprise known as the Madison S.& L., and indicate she may have conspired with Web Hubbell s father-in-law to make a sham land deal that cost taxpayers $3 million.Why the belated release of some of the incriminating evidence? Not because it mysteriously turned up in offices previously searched. Certainly not because Hillary Clinton and her new hang-tough White House counsel want to respond fully to lawful subpoenas.One reason for the Friday-night dribble of evidence from the White House is the discovery by the F.B.I. of copies of some of those records elsewhere. When Clinton witnesses are asked about specific items in  lost  records   which investigators have   the White House  finds  its copy and releases it. By concealing the Madison billing records two days beyond the statute of limitations, Hillary evaded a civil suit by bamboozled bank regulators.Another reason for recent revelations is the imminent turning of former aides and partners of Hillary against her; they were willing to cover her lying when it advanced their careers, but are inclined to listen to their own lawyers when faced with perjury indictments.Therefore, ask not  Why didn t she just come clean at the beginning?  She had good reasons to lie; she is in the longtime habit of lying; and she has never been called to account for lying herself or in suborning lying in her aides and friends.No wonder the President is fearful of holding a prime-time press conference. Having been separately deposed by the independent counsel at least twice, the President and First Lady would be well advised to retain separate defense counsel.   New York Times",0
19827,FLASHBACK: Hillary And Raunchy Actress Discuss Desire To See Rock Star’s Penis: “I’ll look for that” [Video],"Dunham interviewed Clinton in 2015 and the topic of Kravitz s  wardrobe malfunction  during a Stockholm concert, viewable here, came up. Did you see the footage when his pants split?  Dunham asked Clinton. No, I missed that,  she replied. I mean, his stuff fell out of his pants,  Dunham said. Yeah, you think I could get that,  Clinton said, with Dunham adding,  You can get that on YouTube. It s on YouTube? Good, I ll look for that,  Clinton said.If Donald Trump had said something similar on camera, wouldn t it be considered  locker room talk,  if not more? ",0
19828,THE VIEW’S LOUDMOUTH LIBERAL Joy Behar Calls Bill Clinton’s Rape Victims “TRAMPS” On Show Targeted To Women [VIDEO],"Wow way to appeal to an almost exclusively female audience! Because every woman who s been raped, can certainly connect with a loudmouth talk show host who calls them  tramps Unbelievable!The View's Joy Behar calls Bill Clinton's rape victims ""tramps,"" liberal audience laughs. But they really care about women. pic.twitter.com/pxZ02YMWPO  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) October 10, 2016Maybe someone should tell Joy Behar there are actual campaigns out there directed at women to help them not be ashamed to speak out about sexual abuse and rape.",0
19829,"WOW! GOP ELITISTS Get Hammered: “‘Weak-Kneed, Lily-Livered Republicans’ Put on ‘Despicable Display of Cowardice’ by Abandoning Trump”","The list of pathetic sore losers and RINO s in the GOP who have said they won t support Trump seemed to be growing longer and longer after the private, inappropriate comments Trump made 11 years ago became public. After last night s debate, I wonder how many of them wish they could take it back. Trump handled the discussion about what he called  embarrassing  behavior better than most of us expected. We all make mistakes. He was a private citizen who was having some boy talk on a bus. He used some bad words and regrets it. He never laid a hand on anyone, but the sore losers who Trump crushed in the primaries and other RINO s like Mitt Romney are using this opportunity to destroy Trump s chances at winning while elevating Hillary s. Unlike the Dems, who surround and shield members of their party to the end, these turncoats Republicans are not team players Sam Clovis, co-chairman of Donald Trump s presidential campaign, reviewed Sunday night s second presidential debate on Monday morning s Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow. I thought we did really well,  said Clovis.  I thought the first 15 minutes or so were pretty much as predicted, a little rocky, to be honest, but I think from that moment on, I don t think there s any question who was in charge, and I think he really had Mrs. Clinton on the defensive for most of the rest of the debate. Clovis disputed the notion that Clinton came to the debate to  talk about the issues. She s done everything she can to avoid the issues,  he said,  because her tax plan sucks. Her record in foreign policy sucks. She has no love for the military. She s a criminal, and she ought to be in prison. I mean, I m just being blunt: this is a woman who ought to be in prison right now. If you or I had done what she has done, we would be in handcuffs in an orange suit, and we would be in a maximum security federal prison right now. Clovis said it was  absolute nonsense  to construe Trump s call for a special prosecutor during the debate as a banana republic-style threat to jail his political opponent. Director Comey has already come out and said she essentially lied to the FBI,  he noted.  Martha Stewart lied to the FBI, and she went to prison. If Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI, she ought to be prosecuted. And right now, what we have is, we have a deal struck by the Clinton campaign with the Obama administration, and I think if push comes to shove, I think Obama will pardon her before this thing gets out of hand because if they think anything is going to reveal that she has committed more criminal acts than she already has, then I think he ll pardon her. I really do. I think this is in the works. And I don t think the American people are really fooled by this. What we re talking about is establishing the rule of law, and the rule of law applies to everyone. That includes the former secretary of state,  Clovis declared.Marlow asked how the Trump campaign planned to strategize around the intense media focus on his  hot mic  lewd remarks,  considering that even the Republican Party is now destroying Donald Trump over these comments. Well, I think again it goes to the substance of what we have is, we have a vulnerability in the campaign,  Clovis replied, adding,  This is a vulnerability. Let s make no mistake. Let s be honest about this. We have a situation here, comments that were made 11 years ago. They were recorded, and they ve come back to haunt the candidate. The candidate has apologized for those remarks. And I think what it goes to is the fact that they don t want to focus on policy. They don t want to focus on the substance of the issues because the establishments of the Republican Party and the Democrat Party writ large are deeply threatened by a populist movement in this country. I really think this is why you see these weak-kneed, lily-livered Republicans out here   I have other words, but I can t use them on the radio   that go to the heart of what I think is a despicable display of cowardice on the part of the Republican Party over this whole issue. We don t need to defend the comments. I think the comments were bad, and frankly, if my son had said something like that, I d have taken him back to the woodshed. I don t have any problems talking about that and saying that because that s what I think of the comments. The other side of it is, the comments aren t what we re after. What we re after is the substance of who s going to lead this country. And that s what we ought to be focused on because the alternative of having Hillary Clinton as President of the United States is just too terrible to contemplate.   Breitbart News",0
19830,BREAKING: REPORTER Says Secret Service Took Debate Attendees Phones To Avoid Flash That Could Trigger Hillary’s Seizures [VIDEO],"Health professionals have been speculating for months that Hillary s odd behavior and inability to stand or walk without help is likely related to Parkinson s disease. That would explain the videos where Hillary is seen having what appears to be having a seizure. Since seizures are triggered by flashes, it makes sense that the Secret Service would take phones away from the audience. Having a full-blown seizure on the debate stage would probably be a mistake at this point in the campaign after Hillary s been likely hiding a serious, debilitating disease Watch here:And here:https://youtu.be/11-EAzsGxgQLast night the Secret Service took attendees phones before going into the debate.now we know why REPORTER:  This is why it was banned apparently because the Secret Service did not trust people to disable the flashes on their cameras and they were afraid it would inspire Hillary s seizure disorder. A reported admitted on Monday that the Secret Service told reporters not to use a flash because of Hillary Clinton s seizure disorder.Secret Service told reporters at the #debate not to use flash so that it won't trigger Hillary's seizure disorder. https://t.co/30zh3Y5cAb  REGATED (@regated) October 10, 2016Via: Gateway Pundit",0
19831,WOW! HILLARY’S RAPIST HUSBAND Has To Hold Her Up As She Makes Way To Vehicle After Devastating Debate [VIDEO],"Hillary got her butt kicked last night. Trump pulled out every stop and hammered her on almost every one of her lies. She was obviously shaken by a number of things, not to mention having to watch her husband s rape accusers sitting in the front row, courtesy of Donald J. Trump.While the debate shook her up, we all know that her inability to walk to the car unguided is not something new. Hillary can t walk more than 10 feet without looking for an arm, a chair or some prop to hold her up. Bill Clinton, her rapist husband was more than happy to provide her with assistance. He knew things were about to get ugly when he got in that vehicle. The least the he could do was prop her up Watch:https://youtu.be/jgX6XRz0ZLQ",0
19832,BILL CLINTON’S RAPE ACCUSERS Speak Out: “We Are Terrified Of Hillary” [VIDEO],"Wow! These women are incredibly brave. Paula Jones, Juanita Broaddrick and Kathleen Willey are role models for women everywhere who are afraid to demand justice for their rapists. I hope they never go anywhere alone. And I m not kidding!",0
19833,NOT-IMPARTIAL DEBATE MODERATOR Martha Raddatz Sat On Whistleblower Story That Could’ve Ended Obama’s Chances in 2008 [VIDEO]," Impartial  is not a word most people who know debate moderator Martha Raddatz would use to describe her. Here is a stunning story Breitbart News broke with amazing former liberal Anita Moncrief:One of the co-moderators of the presidential debate in St. Louis, ABC News Chief Global Affairs Correspondent Martha Raddatz, sat through the 2008 election on a major political corruption story that could have changed the trajectory of the election.Raddatz, Breitbart News has learned, refused to publish a story on the alleged improper collusion and coordination between then Sen. Barack Obama (D-IL) and the national headquarters of the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now, also known as ACORN despite having enough evidence to do so.Radiate, along with CNN s Anderson Cooper, was a co-moderater at last night s presidential debate between GOP presidential nominee Donald J. Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton.After she and her producer received a tip about ACORN corruption and Obama s connection to it and evidence backing up the eventual whistleblower s claims, they showed initial interest in pursuing the story. Anita Moncrief, the eventual ACORN whistleblower told Breitbart News exclusively that she met with Raddatz s producer Avni Patel in 2008.Here is former liberal Anita Moncrief s stunning story:Both Patel and Raddatz were given documents that they covered up and refused to report on until after the election. Raddatz, who was then the White House correspondent for ABC News, and her producer Patel were also provided with personal accounts of the collusion between ACORN and the Obama campaign in October 2008, Moncrief told Breitbart News.Moncrief, who worked in ACORN s Washington, D.C., headquarters, would later expose the organization when she turned into a full-blown whistleblower after the election. But if Raddatz ran the story, the election may have turned out differently, especially had the public known the depths to which this scandal went.Moncrief told Breitbart News that she met with Raddatz s producer Patel in Washington after initially having made contact with Raddatz herself through a representative. The meeting lasted almost an hour in a coffee shop in Washington, D.C.After meeting with Patel, Moncrief received an email from the producer:Anita, It was good talking to you today. I look forward to learning more, and taking a look at those documents you mentioned. It sounds like the easiest way to get those from you would be to directly download the files from your web-transfer site. If that doesn t work, you can try to send them to my gmail account.Patel gave Moncrief every indication that ABC News was going to broadcast the report, she said. They were very excited. They said they were willing to run the story,  she said.Using the user name and password given to her by Patel, Moncrief sent documents on Oct. 14, 2008 to Patel using the company s file transfer protocol line, ftp1.abc.com. There was another transfer of another dozen documents by email to Patel on Oct. 26, 2008.Moncrief told Breitbart News that ABC News received and acknowledged receipt of the documents that spelled out specific instances of collusion between the Obama campaign and named individuals at ACORN and Project Vote. Among the documents were internal correspondences with Moncrief s name, which she said she included to prove that she was who she said she was.Moncrief told Breitbart News the Obama campaign passed to ACORN and by extension to its sister entity Project Vote the campaign s full donor list, which included all donors and fuller descriptions. This list was different from the limited list of contributors the campaign filed with the Federal Election Commission, which for example did not include small-dollar donors. Because of their non-profit status, ACORN and Project Vote were prohibited from coordinating with a candidate s committee.The problem was that Moncrief was a left-wing activist and she wanted to go through a left-leaning media outlet, so he suggested ABC News and Martha Raddatz, he said.Gaynor said he met Raddatz through email because he she sent him proof that he had repeated a false claim about her suppressing the number of soldiers in Iraq supporting Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) for president.With that awkwardness between them, Gaynor said he reached out to Raddatz and explained to her the whole story of collusion between ACORN and Project Vote and the Obama campaign. After the initial conversation, Raddatz told Gaynor that she was interested. Moncrief said she then emailed Raddatz and attached her resume, so that Raddatz would appreciate her background. Raddatz emailed back and told her that Patel would would follow up.Raddatz has a troubled history of undisclosed associations with Democrats that arguably affect her ability to be impartial.She was the moderator for the 2012 vice presidential debate between Vice President Joe Biden and now House Speaker then GOP vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan. But Raddatz did not disclose to viewers that Biden s running mate, President Barack Obama, attended her 1991 wedding when she married now former Federal Communications Commission (FCC) chairman Julius Genachowski.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
19834,STUNNING: Hillary’s Own Numbers Show Her Tax Hike Proposals Will Cost American Workers Additional $1 TRILLION,"Wow! If I were Hillary, I d stop sending people to her website during the debates as a way to deflect from actual issues. They may find out something pretty horrifying like maybe a TRILLION dollar tax hike! Trillion dollar tax hike   Hillary s tax hike proposals will raise taxes on the American people by over $1,000,000,000,000 over the next ten years, based on her campaign s own numbers.Payroll Tax Hike   Hillary said she would not veto a payroll tax increase on all Americans should such a bill reach her desk. She said she would set her middle class tax pledge aside. This took place Jan. 12 in Iowa, and it s on video:Moderator:  Democrats have introduced a plan that Senator Sanders supports that you ve come out against because it is funded by a payroll tax. If that were to reach your desk as President, would you veto it in order to make good on your tax pledge? Hillary Clinton:  No. No. Soda Tax Hike   Hillary endorsed a steep new soda pop tax in Philadelphia. This will cost soda purchasers an extra $2.16 per 12-pack. Bernie Sanders called out Hillary s violation of her middle class tax pledge: Frankly, I am very surprised that Secretary Clinton would support this regressive tax after pledging not to raise taxes on anyone making less than $250,000. This proposal clearly violates her pledge,  he said.Sanders also said:  The mechanism here is fairly regressive. And that is, it will be increasing taxes on low-income and working people. 25% National Gun Tax   Hillary endorsed a new national 25% retail sales tax on guns.  I am all for that,  she told the Senate in 1993. On June 5, 2016 she was asked about her gun tax endorsement by George Stephanopoulos on ABC s This Week. She acknowledged her gun tax endorsement and did not disavow it, saying she wanted the gun tax money to pay for Hillarycare. If you have any doubts about her strong desire to impose a new gun tax, watch her face in the video.Doubling of federal excise tax on guns   Hillary also endorsed a doubling of the existing federal excise tax on guns.65% Death Tax   Hillary is now pushing a 65% Death Tax. And her own finances are arranged to shield herself from death taxes.Capital Gains Tax Hike   Hillary has proposed the most complex and Byzantine capital gains tax regime in American history, with ten different rates. She raises the top capital gains tax rate from 23.8% to 43.4%.No Corporate Income Tax Rate Relief for Anyone   Hillary offers no income tax rate reduction for any business. The USA has the highest corporate income tax in the world, which kills jobs and makes us less competitive. Even Bill Clinton understands the need to cut the corporate rate.No Personal Income Tax Rate Relief for Anyone   Hillary offers no income tax rate reduction for any American.Carbon Tax   Hillary s campaign has opened the door to a carbon tax if she wins the White House. Democrat Senate Leader Chuck Schumer is also fantasizing about a carbon tax under Hillary, and a carbon tax is part of the official 2016 Democrat party platform.To learn more about Hillary s tax hike plan, visit ATR s dedicated website: www.HighTaxHillary.com ",0
19835,PROOF THEY KNOW SHE’S LOSING…Hillary’s Campaign Spokesman Tells Trump: “Go F*ck Yourself” During Debate,"Hillary s foreign policy spokesperson showed his hand tonight when he saw Crooked Hillary getting hammered by Trump in the second debate.Lehrich lost it after Trump s brilliant response after Hillary attempted to use the death of Muslim-American Captain Khan to somehow show that Trump is a xenophobe. Trump told Hillary if he were President, Khan would still be alive. Here s who Democrat spokesperson for Hillary responded:hey, @realDonaldTrump   regarding your claim that Captain Khan would be alive if you were president:go fuck yourself.#debate  Jesse Lehrich (@JesseLehrich) October 10, 2016",0
19836,DID HILLARY REALLY THINK She’d Get Away With Telling Big Fat Lie About Obama’s “Red Line” Comment?,"It s not a big surprise given her propensity for lying, but when Hillary knew she was getting destroyed by Trump on her ineffective, embarrassing record as Secretary of State, she lied about not being Obama s Secretary of State during his ridiculous  red line  comment During Sunday night s presidential debate, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton denied that she was in office as Secretary of State when President Barack Obama refused to punish Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad for using chemical weapons against civilians after calling chemical weapons use a  red line  which could not be crossed. They had a chance to do something with Syria, and that was the line,  Republican nominee Donald Trump said of his Democratic rival and the administration in which she worked.  You were there as Secretary of State with the so-called  line in the sand. No, I wasn t, I was gone,  Clinton replied.President Obama delivered his famous  red line  speech   in which he described the use of chemical weapons against civilians by Assad as a  red line  that Assad could not cross without suffering serious international consequences   in August 2012. We have been very clear to the Assad regime, but also to other players on the ground, that a red line for us is we start seeing a whole bunch of chemical weapons moving around or being utilized. That would change my calculus,  President Obama said at the time.Hillary Clinton served President Obama as Secretary of State from January 21, 2009 to February 1, 2013, according to the State Department. She was not in office when Assad used chemical weapons yet again in 2015, violating international law. The White House did not respond to Assad with any direct military retaliation. Via: Breitbart ",0
19837,LOL! WHY THIS LIST OF GOP “Leaders” Have NO Business Condemning Trump,"The list of hypocrites and sore losers who are taking aim at Trump instead of the real enemy, Hillary Clinton, is getting longer every minute. Mitt just can t seem to get over the fact that Trump is wildly more appealing to Americans from every walk of life than he was in 2012. Mitt has learned some painful lessons in where he went wrong by watching Trump s successes. Trump is a fighter. From the outset, Trump made it clear that he would not allow the media to control the narrative. Romney s inability to fight back cost him the election and he knows it. While there is no question Romney is a wonderful family man, there is a question about why he has remained silent about Hillary and her criminal dealings while focusing all of his energy on destroying Trump. His condemnation of Trump comes as no surprise. Sadly, his condemnation of Hillary is nowhere to be found. Sorry Mitt, but your embarrassing behavior is hardly the mark of a true team player Hitting on married women? Condoning assault? Such vile degradations demean our wives and daughters and corrupt America's face to the world.  Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) October 8, 2016Senator Mark Kirk (R-IL).@realDonaldTrump should drop out. @GOP should engage rules for emergency replacement.  Mark Kirk (@SenatorKirk) October 8, 2016In June 2015, many in the GOP were calling for Senator Kirk to step down after making a comment about fellow Senator Lindsey Graham on a hot mic that many considered to be very offensive: He s a bro with no ho,  Kirk said of Graham.  That s what we d say on the South Side. Really? A bro with no ho? That s what we d say on the South Side?He was referring, of course, to Republican presidential hopeful and confirmed bachelor Sen. Lindsey Graham, and the speculation that Graham would have a bevy of  rotating  first ladies.   CTOhio Governor John Kasich (R)Sore loser #1 Ohio Governor John Kasich had no intention of voting for Trump. He and Jeb! win prize for biggest sore losers who couldn t find their way out of their own pity parties to support Trump and the GOP when the RNC was held in his own state. Kasich s statement is about as meaningful as his candidacy was to GOP voters. This little ankleI will not vote for a nominee who has behaved in a manner that reflects so poorly on our country. FULL STATEMENT: https://t.co/7zUFPXvXPA  John Kasich (@JohnKasich) October 8, 2016 Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush (R)Now that we have the biggest loser out of the way, let s focus on the second biggest loser in the GOP the guy who believed (much like Hillary) that it was his turn for the nomination. When things didn t work for the open-borders candidate, he grabbed his binky and went home to Barbara and George Sr where they agreed to work together as a family unit to openly disrespect Donald J. Trump who beat him fair and square in the primaries, in spite of the $150 Million he received from large donors against Trump s self-funded campaign.As the grandfather of two precious girls, I find that no apology can excuse away Donald Trump's reprehensible comments degrading women.  Jeb Bush (@JebBush) October 7, 2016Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL)The 3rd biggest loser Marco Rubio was supposed to win it all. He was the establishments  Golden boy  this time around. Things fell apart for him however when America started to question his policies on immigration. At about the same time, Trump s nonexistent campaign was catching fire after he boldly proclaimed he would make defending our borders and getting illegal immigration under control in America. No one in the out-of-touch GOP could have predicted America felt so strongly about the crisis we as a nation are facing after 8 years of Obama s reckless open-borders policies. Rubio was stunned by his brutal defeat and he s never recovered.Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX)After taking a shellacking in the primaries, by a formidable opponent, Senator Cruz had the opportunity to make things right after he was invited to speak at the RNC. He chose instead to use his time in front of millions of Republicans to promote himself instead of embracing the man who America chose to be the GOP candidate. At the beginning of the primaries, I donated to Cruz s campaign more than once. I am now sorry I ever supported him.Every wife, mother, daughter   every person   deserves to be treated with dignity and respect. https://t.co/AVSEBastVc  Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) October 8, 2016By the way, does anyone remember when Ted Cruz was being accused of having multiple affairs. Does anyone remember when Cruz was put on the spot and asked directly if he had been having affairs on his wife, Carly Fiorina jumped in and answered the question for him. Notice he skillfully deflected and never answered the question. We re not suggesting he is guilty, but it is curious that he never answered the question.Senator John McCain (R-AZ)And then there s the guy who hasn t done a single thing for conservative in years. While we appreciate and respect the great sacrifices Senator John McCain made for our nation, it should not offer him total immunity from being a complete a*shole and a sellout to conservatives. In addition to my well known differences with Donald Trump on public policy issues, I have raised questions about his character after his comments on Prisoners of War, the Khan Gold Star family, Judge Curiel and earlier inappropriate comments about women. Just this week, he made outrageous statements about the innocent men in the Central Park Five case.We ve had just about enough of his pandering to the Left. His defense of Kzir Khan, Muslim father of a fallen-soldier with ties to Hillary Clinton and Valerie Jarrett was despicable. He may have been hero on the battlefield, but he s been a coward in the Senate when it comes to standing up for conservative principles. And oh yeah, there s that one time when John McCain called his wife Cindy a  cunt :John McCain s temper is well documented. He s called opponents and colleagues  shitheads,   assholes  and in at least one case  a fucking jerk. Three reporters from Arizona, on the condition of anonymity, also let me in on another incident involving McCain s intemperateness. In his 1992 Senate bid, McCain was joined on the campaign trail by his wife, Cindy, as well as campaign aide Doug Cole and consultant Wes Gullett. At one point, Cindy playfully twirled McCain s hair and said,  You re getting a little thin up there.  McCain s face reddened, and he responded,  At least I don t plaster on the makeup like a trollop, you cunt.  McCain s excuse was that it had been a long day. If elected president of the United States, McCain would have many long days.  HPBut we won t talk about that because he s a war hero. Only Trump is responsible for the words he used 10 years ago.There were several other of the usual suspects we all expect to see trashing Trump, the ones who usually vote on the other side of the aisle, or those who haven t passed a single piece of meaningful legislation who are just trying to pander to their blue states, but the best denouncement of Trump came from of all people, former husband of Maria Shriver of the Kennedy clan, actor and Governor of California, Arnold Schwarznegger and oh yeah the guy who fathered a son with the MARRIED family housekeeper and then hid his existence from his wife and children.As proud as I am to label myself a Republican, there is one label that I hold above all else   American. My full statement: pic.twitter.com/biRvY8S3aZ  Arnold (@Schwarzenegger) October 8, 2016Hey Arnold, there s a big difference between talking about having an affair with a married woman and actually HAVING an affair with a married woman oh yeah and then there s that whole illegitimate child thing ",0
19838,"TRUMP SOUNDED LIKE A CHOIR BOY Next To Hillary’s Foul-Mouthed, Abusive Rants: “Where’s the miserable c*ck sucker?”…and MORE","Hillary Clinton has a long history of violence and abusing and men, women and security officers.Of course, you ll never see any of these quotes from the condescending former  First Witch  in the mainstream media, but that doesn t mean they didn t happen. Hillary has a reputation for having a vulgar potty mouth and a nasty disposition. Wouldn t it be nice if the GOP  leaders  cared as much about her negatives as an 11 year old Trump story.Here are a few of her more memorable lines: Where is the G-damn f**king flag? I want the G-damn f**king flag up every f**king morning at f**king sunrise.  (From the book  Inside The White House  by Ronald Kessler, p. 244   Hillary to the staff at the Arkansas Governor s mansion on Labor Day, 1991) You sold out, you mother f**ker! You sold out!  From the book  Inside  by Joseph Califano, p. 213   Hillary yelling at Democrat lawyer. Son of a b*tch!  (From the book  American Evita  by Christopher Anderson, p. 259   Hillary s opinion of President George W. Bush when she found out he secretly visited Iraq on Thanksgiving just days before her highly publicized trip.)F**k off! It s enough that I have to see you shit-kickers every day, I m not going to talk to you too!! Just do your G*damn job and keep your mouth shut.  (From the book  American Evita  by Christopher Anderson, p. 90   Hillary to her State Trooper bodyguards after one of them greeted her with  Good morning. You f**king idiot.  (From the book  Crossfire  p. 84   Hillary to a State Trooper who was driving her to an event.) If you want to remain on this detail, get your f**king ass over here and grab those bags!  (From the book  The First Partner  p. 259   Hillary to a Secret Service Agent who was reluctant to carry her luggage because he wanted to keep his hands free in case of an incident.) Get f**ked! Get the f**k out of my way!!! Get out of my face!!! (From the book  Hillary s Scheme  p. 89   Hillary s various comments to her Secret Service detail agents.) Stay the f**k back, stay the f**k away from me! Don t come within ten yards of me, or else! Just f**king do as I s ay, Okay!!!?  (From the book  Unlimited Access , by Clinton FBI Agent in Charge, Gary Aldrige, p. 139   Hillary screaming at her Secret Service detail.) Why do I have to keep proving to people that I am not a liar?! (From the book  The Survivor,  by John Harris, p. 382   Hillary in her 2000 Senate campaign) Where s the miserable c*ck sucker?  (From the book  The Truth About Hillary  by Edward Klein, p. 5   Hillary shouting at a Secret Service officer) Put this on the ground! I left my sunglasses in the limo. I need those sunglasses. We need to go back!  (From the book  Dereliction of Duty  p. 71-72   Hillary to Marine One helicopter pilot to turn back while en route to Air Force One.) Come on Bill, put your dick up! You can t f**k her here!!  (From the book  Inside The White House  by Ronald Kessler, p. 243   Hillary to Gov. Clinton when she spots him talking with an attractive female at an Arkansas political rally) You know, I m going to start thanking the woman who cleans the restroom in the building I work in. I m going to start thinking of her as a human being  -Hillary Clinton (From the book  The Case Against Hillary Clinton  by Peggy Noonan, p. 55) The only way to make a difference is to acquire power  (From the book  I ve Always Been A Yankee Fan  by Thomas D. Kuiper, p 68   Hillary to a friend before starting law school.)Trump talks smack with men. Hillary Clinton abuses people.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
19839,LIBERAL HACK ALEC BALDWIN Performed Rank Trump-Bashing Skit Last Night…Baldwin Is No Saint!,"Open Borders/ImmigrationTrade/OverregulationForeign PolicyNow that s what we need to discuss but will America get over the reality TV sort of political season we re having? Here s what I m hoping I m hoping Americans finally realize we have way too much to lose in this election than to be swayed by something someone said 10 years ago: This election cycle, Republicans finally realized that we need to stop playing the civility game and put someone in the ring who can fight back. We finally recognized the futility of complaining to the referee about unfairness. Unfortunately, it took us almost a decade to realize that the MSM have stacked the deck. We re not after another gentleman politician; we needed a card shark, a gunslinger, and a hustler. And that s what we got with Trump. Yes, we realize that that type of person brings a lot of baggage, but we re desperate to win. There is too much to lose Read more: American Thinker",0
19840,WOW! HILLARY’S UNCENSORED COMMENTS About Monica Lewinsky Revealed By Longtime Hillary Friend [VIDEO],Longtime friend and Clinton advisor Diane Blair released Hillary s uncensored remarks about the 22 year old intern Monica Lewinsky her husband pursued and had sex with in America s Oval Office. Narcissistic Looney Toon  is how Hillary described her. Wow! Way to show your compassion for a young influential girl who was pursued by your husband for the purposes of pleasuring him. What a true champion of women ,0
19841,BEN CARSON Speaks Out On Trump Controversy…Democrats Are Panicking,"Spoken like a true gentleman and warrior in America s fight to defeat the Left The recent disclosure of lewd conversations Donald Trump had over a decade ago has caused some disillusionment among GOP stalwarts and conservative voters. In no way do I condone Trump s behavior   in fact I condemn any form of disrespect towards women.We should always honor and respect the dignity of our mothers, sisters and daughters. Even though the incident happened ten years ago, well before Trump entered the political arena, this behavior is unacceptable, especially by someone who aspires to higher office. Trump did the right thing in immediately and unequivocally apologizing.I feel fairly certain that the progressives have had knowledge of this conversation for a long time and dropped it at this point in time in an effort to obscure the release of damaging information about Hillary Clinton and her desire for open borders. I believe that they have more material that they will release periodically up until the election to keep a negative focus on Donald Trump. They do not want to discuss the vital issues that are destroying our nation and the future of our children, because they do not have logical solutions and offer more of the same that has gotten us into this precarious situation.Those of us who do not want to see America fundamentally devolve into something worse must be wise enough to recognize the scheme that is being played out here. We must demand not only that the issues be discussed but also that we make our decisions based on issues and not on personalities or decade old statements and behavior by Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump.The political elites and their loyal media are desperate because they are seeing the large enthusiastic crowds for Donald Trump and the meager crowds for Hillary Clinton, and they know that there will be a huge enthusiasm gap on election day.The question is: will the political elites of both parties succeed in continuing their reign of fiscal irresponsibility and military weakness or will the people understand what is going on and will they be wise enough to thwart those efforts?  IJReview ",0
19842,"“BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST” MOVEMENT EXPLODES…Watch Awesome Truth-Tellers Hijack Mainstream Media, Leftist Cable Audiences With Brutal Message [VIDEO]","Infowars  Alex Jones is offering a $1,000 reward for anyone who can get on TV with his Bill Clinton  RAPE  t-shirt clearly displayed for viewers to see. If they can display a  Bill Clinton Is A Rapist  T-shirt and clearly proclaim,  Bill Clinton is a racist they will get a $5,000 reward. He plans to spend up to $100,000 to get this important message out to America. Why is it important? It s important because not only is Bill a sexual predator who has no business entering our White House ever again, Hillary has been acting as his enabler, threatening and intimidating victims of Bill s for years The mainstream media has declared war on Donald Trump, while providing cover fro Hillary and her multiple crimes and offenses. We re in a war with a collective media and a radical leftist government. Thank goodness for people like Alex Jones who aren t afraid to get into the trenches and pass along a message that the mainstream media will never expose.",0
19843,"HILLARY Offended By Trump’s WORDS…CAUGHT ON TAPE THREATENING Women Who DARED To Come Forward About Bill Clinton Raping, Sexually Abusing Them","Thank God Hillary never worked in a rape clinic or with women who were victims of sexual abuse One of Bill Clinton s rape victims, Juanita Broaddrick tweeted this in January:I was 35 years old when Bill Clinton, Ark. Attorney General raped me and Hillary tried to silence me. I am now 73 .it never goes away.  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) January 6, 2016After Hillary came out feigning shock over Trump s WORDS about women, Juanita Broaddrick struck back here:Hillary calls Trump's remarks ""horrific"" while she lives with and protects a ""Rapist"". Her actions are horrific.  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) October 8, 2016And here:How many times must it be said? Actions speak louder than words. DT said bad things!HRC threatened me after BC raped me.  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) October 8, 2016It is commonly believed by Clinton victims that Hillary was behind the siccing of private investigators on the many women who accused her husband of rape, sexual assault or infidelity in the 1990s.Hillary Clinton revealed her hidden hand when she menacingly issued a clear warning of intimidation to her husband s accusers (and those who would pursue their charges) on the nationally broadcast Today Show in early 1998 in the days after the Monica Lewinsky scandal broke.The Today Show interview with Matt Lauer on January 27, 1998 is famous for Hillary s claim that a  vast right-wing conspiracy  was behind the allegations of an affair between her husband President Clinton and White House intern Monica Lewinsky. (Transcript source.) This is the great story here for anybody willing to find it and write about it and explain it is this vast right-wing conspiracy that has been conspiring against my husband since the day he announced for president. A few journalists have kind of caught on to it and explained it. But it has not yet been fully revealed to the American public. And actually, you know, in a bizarre sort of way, this may do it. Later in the interview, Hillary bluntly issued her threat: I think we re going to find some other things. And I think that when all of this is put into context, and we really look at the people involved here, look at their motivations and look at their backgrounds, look at their past behavior, some folks are going to have a lot to answer for. Here s the video  Video from Today Show video hosted by C-SPAN.https://youtu.be/BEEIimRCp4EVia: Gateway Pundit",0
19844,FLASHBACK! BILL CLINTON: “I did not have sexual relations with that woman” [VIDEO], ,0
19845,"FLASHBACK! PRESIDENTS BEING “COLORFUL”…Yes, Two Can Play This Game! [Video]", ,0
19846,HILLARY CLINTON RAPE ENABLER: “What kind of monster does this?” [Video], ,0
19847,BOOM! Wikileaks Shows Hillary Speech To Bankers:”I would like to see more successful business people run for office…You can be maybe rented but never bought”,"No wonder she didn t want anyone to see her speeches. She was singing the praises of Trump before she even knew he was going to defeat her in the general election From Wikileaks email dump: SECRETARY CLINTON: That s a really interesting question. You know, I would like to see more successful business people run for office. I really would like to see that because I do think, you know, you don t have to have 30 billion, but you have a certain level of freedom. And there s that memorable phrase from a former member of the Senate: You can be maybe rented but never bought. And I think it s important to have people with those experiences. And especially now, because many of you in this room are on the cutting edge of technology or health care or some other segment of the economy, so you are people who look over the horizon. And coming into public life and bringing that perspective as well as the success and the insulation that success gives you could really help in a lot of our political situations right now.  [Goldman Sachs Builders And Innovators Summit, 10/29/13]",0
19848,BREAKING: WIKILEAKS E-MAILS: SOROS AND CLINTON Working Together On “Police Reform” And BLM…REMEMBER “Implicit Bias”?,"Leaked emails from Hillary Clinton campaign manager John Podesta s personal email account published by WikiLeaks reveal the Clinton campaign s coordination with George Soros s Open Society Foundations on the subject of police reform.Soros, who has given almost $10 million to Clinton super PAC Priorities USA, is a major funder of Black Lives Matter. The Washington Times reported in August that Soros has given at least $33 million to the group through the Open Society Foundations (OSF), which he funds and controls.Both OSF and Clinton have called to crack down on police officers   implicit bias. A December 2015 email exchange between Podesta and OSF president Chris Stone was included in the batch of Podesta s emails released by WikiLeaks on Friday. Hi, John. Your policy team was asking me for ideas on police reform a couple of months ago. Here s a concrete idea I ve written up, and a good hook for it in Chicago,  Stone wrote.Stone attached to the email an article he wrote that advocated putting federally-funded bureaucrats in charge of police oversight.Read more: Daily Caller",0
19849,BREAKING: Wikileaks Email Release Exposes TWO-FACED HILLARY Admitting She Needs To Have A Private AND Public Position On Policy,"Huh? This could be one of the most damning emails yet, as it reveals the true character of a woman who will say whatever is necessary to get elected Is it any wonder before these leaks even came out, that over 70% of Americans said they don t trust her?BOMBSHELL Hillary Clinton Caught Saying Ther Needs 2B Public Policies(4us idiots) & Private Policies! #PodestaEmails pic.twitter.com/gDfJwBqbdq   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) October 7, 2016",0
19850,BREAKING: Wikileaks Releases HILLARY’S SPEECH TO Brazilian Bankers: “My Dream Is Open Borders”,"Wow! Talk about putting our nation s security at risk A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation  -Ronald ReaganDemocratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton told executives at a Brazilian bank in a private speech that she wants open borders for the United States, according to a new leak by the online hacktivist group Wikileaks. My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders,  Clinton says in an excerpt from a speech to Unibanco Itau, a Brazilian bank.  We have to resists protectionism [and] other kinds of barriers to market access and to trade. The unreleased transcripts of Clinton s paid speeches to financial firms were a major point of contention during the Democratic primary, with Sen. Bernie Sanders repeatedly demanding that Clinton release the transcripts, and Clinton repeatedly refusing to do so.Now, Wikileaks has released what appear to be excerpts from those speeches, and in one of them Clinton has described a vision in which the United States has open borders and total free trade with the rest of North and South America.While campaigning for the presidency, Clinton has opposed the Trans-Pacific Partnership free trade agreement after previously backing it, and critics have accused her of switching sides for political convenience.The excerpts were obtained thanks to an email Clinton research director Tony Carrk sent to several senior Clinton aides, in which he identified  the flags from HRC s paid speeches  that could cause political difficulties  Via:Daily Caller",0
19851,DISASTER CAPITALISTS: How Bill And Hillary’s “Clinton Foundation” Used Relief Donations Like An ATM,"Hillary was Secretary of State an unimaginable earthquake hit Haiti in January 2010. 250,000 people were estimated to have died in the earthquake. Hillary promised Haitians on behalf of the United States that we would offer disaster relief and humanitarian assistance. Meanwhile, as billions of dollars flowed into the coffers of the Clinton Foundation, former President Bill Clinton was appointed Special Envoy to Haiti for the United Nations was also named co-chair of the Interim Haiti Recovery Commission.Here is the horrific story of how the Clinton s  helped  some of the poorest people in the world:",0
19852,TAKE THIS SHORT QUIZ: Which Radical Said It? We Guarantee The Answers Will Surprise You…," Here are six trivia questions to see how much history you really know. The answers are very revealing. If you don t know the answer, make your best guess. Answer all of the questions (no cheating) before looking at the answers.Hint: The answers to these questions aren t all Barack Obama.1)  We re going to take things away from you on behalf of the common good. A. Karl MarxB. Adolph HitlerC. Joseph StalinD. Barack ObamaE. None of the above2)  It s time for a new beginning, for an end to government of the few, by the few, and for the few  And to replace it with shared responsibility, for shared prosperity. A. LeninB. MussoliniC. Joseph StalinD. Barack ObamaE. None of the above3)  (We)  can t just let business as usual go on, and that means something has to be taken away from some people. A. Nikita KhrushevB. Joseph GoebbelsC. Boris YeltsinD. Barack ObamaE. None of the above4)  We have to build a political consensus and that requires people to give up a little bit of their own  in order to create this common ground. A. Mao Tse DungB. Hugo ChavezC. Kim Jong IID. Barack ObamaE. None of the above5)  I certainly think the free-market has failed. A. Karl MarxB. LeninC. MolotovD. Barack ObamaE. None of the above6)  I think it s time to send a clear message to what has become the most profitable sector in (the) entire economy that they are being watched. A. PinochetB. MilosevicC. Saddam HusseinD. Barack ObamaE. None of the above(1) E. None of the above. Statement was made by Hillary Clinton 6/29/2004(2) E. None of the above. Statement was made by Hillary Clinton 5/29/2007(3) E. None of the above. Statement was made by Hillary Clinton 6/4/2007(4) E. None of the above. Statement was made by Hillary Clinton 6/4/2007(5) E. None of the above. Statement was made by Hillary Clinton 6/4/2007(6) E. None of the above. Statement was made by Hillary Clinton 9/2/2005",0
19853,DEPLORABLE! CROOKED CLINTON’S Ask For Donations To Help Haiti Following Hurricane Matthew…After Using 2010 Earthquake Donations To Rob Them Blind [VIDEO],"Despite the media s best attempts to keep the truth hidden from the public, poor Haitian activists and a few honest journalists have managed to expose the truth about how the Clinton s and their  foundation  raped the poor island of Haiti. The Clinton s took billions from people around the world who trusted them to help the poorest of the poor, following a devastating hurricane in 2010. Here is what Haitians have to say about the  help  they got from the Clinton Foundation:Thanks to the media, who has largely hidden this story, Bill Clinton is able to once again make a shameless pitch the world, asking them to donate to the Clinton Foundation, so they can help the Haitians. There has never been a more shameless and selfish couple in public office in America. Here s Bill s pitch:In the wake of the devastating destruction to Haiti caused by Hurricane Matthew, President Bill Clinton took to Twitter and urged his six million-plus followers to go to the embattled Clinton Foundation to assist in relief efforts.Praying for everyone impacted by #HurricaneMatthew. Here's how you can help in Haiti: https://t.co/OX77AS2bT6  Bill Clinton (@billclinton) October 4, 2016 Praying for everyone impacted by #HurricaneMatthew. Here s how you can help in Haiti,  Clinton said his tweet, which linked to a Medium article, entitled,  Members of the Clinton Foundation Community Respond to Hurricane Matthew; Ways to Support. The last time tragedy struct the tiny Caribbean country, Bill and then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton   according to scores of enraged Haitians   used their billion dollar charity and leveraged their global connections to enrich themselves and their monied cronies.Following the devastating earthquake in Haiti in 2010   while 316,000 lifeless bodies lay buried under rubble, and while 300,000 Haitians suffered from injuries, with another 1.3 million displaced   the Clintons saw an opportunity to cash in.Watch here to see how the Clinton Foundation ripped off Haiti:https://youtu.be/nlS4SimQfv8Hillary Clinton s brother, Tony Rodham, landed a lucrative and historically rare Haitian  gold exploitation permit,  while Clinton Foundation donors, including Digicel mobile phone company founder Denis O Brien, were winning multi-million dollar contracts that would siphon massive profits from the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere.While then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s State Department was funneling billions in relief funds to rebuild Haiti, the Clinton Foundation was leveraging its influence to guide high-dollar contracts to longtime Clinton cronies who would go on to reap millions off the catastrophe that had claimed so many lives on the devastated island. I deal through the Clinton Foundation,  Tony Rodham said according to a transcript of his testimony during court proceedings, obtained by The New York Times.  That gets me in touch with the Haitian officials. I hound my brother-in-law [Bill Clinton], because it s his fund that we re going to get our money from. And he can t do it until the Haitian government does it. The anger at the Clintons from the Haitian people is no secret.Indeed, dozens of Haitian protesters gathered outside the Democrat National Convention in July and railed against the Clintons and the Clinton Foundation for their long-reported history of using their global connections to exploit the resources and the poor people of Haiti. The main message is that Hillary Clinton belongs in jail,  one protester said at the time when asked what the overall message of the protest was.  We believe that the world should know about the crimes the Clinton family has committed against the country of Haiti the money they have stolen from the earthquake victims. And we believe that were this to be anyone else, they d be in jail right now. She s not in jail because she s being protected by the Obama administration, the Justice Department, State Department,  the protester said. Via: Breitbart ",0
19854,COMEDY GOLD: Hillary Claims Trump “Unfit” To Handle Hurricane Caused By “Climate Change” [Video],"Watch as she s speaking to a crowd in Tampa, Florida in September and makes this hilarious and outrageous claim: When it comes to protecting our country against natural disasters and the threat of climate change, once again, Donald Trump is totally unfit and unqualified . -HRCHILLARY CLINTON:  Another threat to our country is climate change. 2015 was the hottest year on record and the science is clear: it s real, it s wreaking havoc on communities across America. Last week s hurricane was another reminder of the devastation that extreme weather can cause and I send my thoughts and prayers to everyone affected by Hermine. But, this is not the last one that s going to hit Florida given what s happening in the climate. [ ] If it affects people who lose their homes or their businesses that took a lifetime to build, it doesn t matter to him. When it comes to protecting our country against natural disasters and the threat of climate change, once again, Donald Trump is totally unfit and unqualified to be our President.  TOTALLY READING AND TOTALLY PHONY: Read more: Climate Depot",0
19855,"NFL’S PHONY PATRIOTISM: US Defense Department Paid NFL $5.4 MILLION For On-Field Flag Appearances, Welcome Home Veteran Tributes","Every day, the NFL gives fans another reason to stop supporting them. Although the NFL agreed to refund a small portion of the money our Defense Department (US taxpayers) have paid them to show support for our military, it s the idea that Americans have been duped into believing it was something they did out of honor or reverence for our military. The NFL has reached a new low with their acceptance of players who are disrespecting our flag to promote Obama s race war, while disallowing the Dallas Cowboys to honor the 5 police officers slain in their hometown by a Black Lives Matter terrorist. Don t forget, they also looked away when Cleveland Brown s player, Isaiah Crowell posted an Instagram picture of a cop with his neck being slit open. The NFL never said a word. They never even acknowledged what some considered to be a terrorist type threat to our law enforcement. In May, 2016, the NFL announced that they would return more than $700,000 of taxpayers  money that was paid to teams for sponsored military tributes.After being criticized for  paid patriotism,  in which money came out of the armed forces budget for various measures of public recognition during games, NFL commissioner Roger Goodell said that the league would pay that money back.In a letter written to Senators Jeff Flake and John McCain on Wednesday, and disclosed on Thursday, Goodell said that   following an audited review of 100 marketing agreements from 2012 to 2015 by accounting firm Deloitte & Touche   teams were deemed to have received $723,734 for acts of sponsored patriotism. Given the immense sacrifices made by our service members, it seems more appropriate that any organization with a genuine interest in honoring them, and deriving public credit as a result, should do so at its own expense and not at that of the American taxpayer,  the report said.  Americans deserve the ability to assume that tributes for our men and women in military uniform are genuine displays of national pride, which many are, rather than taxpayer-funded DOD marketing gimmicks.   PGLast year, Flake and McCain disclosed that the U.S. Department of Defense had spent $5.4 million in contracts with 14 NFL teams from 2011 to 2014. Some of those contracts disclosed that payment was for on-field flag ceremonies and tributes to welcome home veterans. One team, the Atlanta Falcons, had made more than $1 million from the department over those four seasons.The National Guard spent $6.7 million on contracts with NFL teams from 2013 to 2015. Via: ESPNThere has never been a better time to boycott the NFL, their merchandise and any of their sponsors. ",0
19856,U Of WI STUDENTS SELL Hateful Hoodies: “All White People Are Racists”…Message Promoting Violence Against Cops,"University of Wisconsin Madison, where NOT to send your kids to school The sale of hateful racist sweatshirts or hoodies on campus is really not surprising considering the University of WI Madison has been a hotbed for radical students and faculty for quite some time now. We shared a story about a U of WI Madison student who was given cover by his professor when the police came to talk to him during class after he was caught on camera spray painting racist graffiti all over school property.  Students at the University of Wisconsin-Madison are asking people to buy sweatshirts promoting violence against police officers and classifying all white people as racists. Racism,  claims one hoodie s page,  is a set of systematic, institutional, cultural, and epistemological (although not limited to said forms) structures that inherently empowers white folk and in turn disempowers people of color. This power dictates who lives, have housing, access to education/healthcare etc. Racism has little to do with hatred and mostly to do with who has power. White folk or those who see themselves as white are given said power inherently regardless of socioeconomic class, education etc. This is why white men created race in the first place to maintain power. Racism gave birth to the idea of race. This is a [sic] oversimplified definition,  the description continues.Facebook has already removed an original picture of the sweatshirt for not following Facebook s Community Standards. However, as of this writing, Facebook has yet to remove the post selling the sweatshirts.One of the sweatshirt says  If I Encounter Another Cop With A God Complex I m Going To Have To Show The World That They Are Human , seemingly promoting violence towards police.Via: Campus Reform",0
19857,OUCH! POST DEBATE: HILLARY GIVES Tim Kaine A Painful Preview Of What It Feels Like When You Disappoint Her,"Things didn t work out very well for Vince Foster when he disappointed Crooked Hillary. Does Tim Kaine know what he s getting himself into? Maybe he should have a little sit down with Bill before this thing goes too far. I mean, we re talking about a guy who refuses, when asked to identify as a male It took a while, but Democratic presidential nominee finally called running mate Tim Kaine   more than 12 hours after the end of the first vice presidential debate.Clinton and Kaine spoke on the phone at 11:45 Wednesday morning, more than 12 hours and a full news cycle at the end of the contentious TV smackdown that Kaine had spent days preparing for.Clinton also emailed Kaine about the performance, but it isn t clear whether she reached out to her running mate Tuesday night, while the debate was the talk of commentators and the political class.In case you missed it, here s a little clip of Kaine s horrible performance. He certainly didn t do Queen Hillary any favors that night:https://youtu.be/obsWi2ruyL0Clinton got asked how Kaine did as she boarded a plane en route to fundraisers in D.C. Wednesday. She flashed two thumbs up but didn t say anything. Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill, asked whey the two didn t connect sooner on what was most likely Kaine s most consequential night of the campaign, responded:  They emailed a bit and connected this morning. Clinton didn t speak publicly about Kaine s performance until after 6:00 pm on Wednesday, when she praised him. Did anybody see Tim Kaine in the debate last night?  Clinton asked at a Women for Hillary event at a Washington hotel, prompting the crowd to cheer. I though Tim did a great job and every time he tried to push Mike Pence to defend what Donald Trump has said and done, Pence just bobbed and weaved and tried to get out of the way because after all, trying to defend Donald Trump is an impossible task,  she said.   Daily Mail ",0
19858,SEAN HANNITY TAKES OFF THE GLOVES After “Hillary Supporter” Megyn Kelly Makes On-Air Crack About Him [VIDEO],"Sean Hannity is taking a page from Trump s playbook. When a member of the mainstream media or a person pretending to be a conservative commentator intentionally misrepresents you you strike back.That s exactly what Hannity did.@megynkelly u should be mad at @HillaryClinton Clearly you support her. And @realDonaldTrump did talk to u. https://t.co/vsQiNMgHut  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 6, 2016Maybe Megyn forgot about this EXCLUSIVE interview with Donald Trump:https://youtu.be/UGPvwdrlzCMFrom USA Today: This election has sparked some heated exchanges between family, friends and co-workers   and now between Fox News hosts.Conservative pundit Sean Hannity leveled what he might consider the worst insult imaginable at anchor Megyn Kelly in a tweet Wednesday night, which said she  clearly  supports Hillary Clinton.The tweet was apparently in response to Kelly comments earlier in the evening on The Kelly File when she accused both presidential candidates of avoiding tough interviews. They re both in their own version of a presidential protection program,  Kelly said. She said Clinton makes sure  she is not in a place where she feels uncomfortable or anything unexpected could come at her, which is why she sat for a half an hour with Mary J. Blige, the singer, which is why she did Entertainment Tonight this evening. But, Kelly didn t stop there.  And Donald Trump, with all due respect to my friend at 10 o clock, will go on Hannity, and pretty much only Hannity, and will not venture out to the unsafe spaces these days, which doesn t exactly extend the tent. Trump has made several appearances on Hannity s show and the Fox News personality has been a vocal supporter of Trump.h/t GP",0
19859,IRANIAN SCIENTIST HANGED For “Revealing [Nuclear Weapons] Secrets To The Enemy” After Hillary Revealed Top Secret Intel About Him Through Unsecured Email,"Reckless Hillary couldn t have cared less about the seriousness of exposing America s top-secret intel to the world by using an unsecured email server. Why would any American want to put her in charge of our troops? Why would any voter trust her with our national security. The job of Commander In Chief is too important to leave to a self-serving grifter simply because she is equipped with female genitalia. Just ask the family of Shahram Amiri a friend of the US who paid the ultimate price for providing America with Iran s nuclear weapons secrets while Hillary was our crooked Secretary of State Hillary Clinton used her private email server to discuss details of the Iranian nuclear scientist who was executed for giving information to the CIA.Shahram Amiri, who was hanged for  revealing secrets to the enemy , was in the US and allegedly informing on Tehran s extensive nuclear program during the Democrat s controversial reign as Secretary of State.At the time she stressed researcher had been there of his  own free will  and was described as  our friend  in correspondences. But he maintained he had been kidnapped by intelligence agents. Emails sent by Clinton s advisers point to the scandal involving Amiri   suggesting it was a  diplomatic, psychological issue , but not a  legal one .One aide also warned he would lead to  problematic news stories Richard Morningstar, a former State Department special envoy for Eurasian energy wrote to Clinton:  We should recognize his concerns and frame it in terms of a misunderstanding with no malevolent intent and that we will make sure there is no recurrence. Our friend has to be given a way out. Our person won t be able to do anything anyway. If he has to leave so be it.  Senior adviser Jake Sullivan sent another email about Amiri on July 12, 2010.It appears he is referring to the scientist just hours before he showed up at the Iranian interests section of the Pakistani Embassy in Washington D.C., demanding he be sent home.He said:  The gentleman  has apparently gone to his country s interests section because he is unhappy with how much time it has taken to facilitate his departure. This could lead to problematic news stories in the next 24 hours. Amiri went missing in 2009 after leaving for a pilgrimage to Mecca, but appeared in a video   apparently recorded in the U.S.   in which he claimed to have been put under pressure to  reveal sensitive information  to the intelligence agency.In interviews he has claimed he was drugged, put on a plane, and then kept under  psychological pressure  at an undisclosed location in the U.S.There he was asked to hand over classified documents, but he claims he never did as he didn t want to betray his country.He then walked into the Iranian interests section at the Pakistani Embassy in Washington and demanded to be sent home.He came back to a hero s welcome and insisted he was a  simple researcher .Amiri worked for a university affiliated with Tehran s extensive nuclear program.He is said to have had an in-depth knowledge of Iran s nuclear program and was kept at a secret location after returning to the country.According to CBS, he told officials in interviews he was being held against his will by Saudi and U.S. spies.But American officials said he was set to receive millions for informing.Amiri s mother told the BBC that his body had been sent to her with rope marks around his neck.On Sunday, an Iranian judicial spokesman confirmed the execution had taken place.Iran confirms execution of Iranian nuclear scientistHe told the Mizan Online news site:  Shahram Amiri was hanged for revealing the country s top secrets to the enemy (US).  In another recording filmed when he was missing, the scientist suggested he had fled from the USA, where he had been held against his will.But US officials said they paid Amiri some $5 million to defect and provide  significant  information about Iran s atomic program. Amiri later fled the U.S. without the money.Iranian officials previously touted Amiri s claim he had been abducted by U.S. agents while on a pilgrimage to holy sites in Saudi Arabia.They welcomed him home in 2010 as a hero.But his family confirmed to the BBC he had been given a lengthy jail sentence after returning to the Middle East.The State Department declined to comment on Amiri s execution.Via: Daily Mail",0
19860,SARAH JESSICA PARKER FEARS She’ll Be Attacked And Killed If Trump Is Elected…HAS SHE Not Seen Multiple TRUMP Supporters Who’ve Been Bloodied By Hillary’s Lib Mobs?,"With absolutely NOTHING to back it up, Sarah Jessica Parker tells reporters that she fears for her life, and for the life of her husband NY liberal actor, Matthew Broderick if Trump is elected. I know Hollywood and NY liberal actors live an insulated life, safe from the security or financial concerns everyday Americans face, but seriously? Does she not have a TV? Does she not have access to Youtube or the internet?How is it possible that she s missed the vicious attacks launched at Trump supporters by Black Lives Matter terrorists, anarchists and leftists of every size, shape and color against innocent Trump supporters?Just the other day, we reported about a young man who attended a Black Lives Matter rally in CA and was beaten by a mob of around 300 people for simply wearing a Trump hat. Did she somehow miss the rioting and attacks on senior citizens, or the woman who was trapped by mobs of anti-Trump attackers who proceeded to throw eggs and various items at her head and body?Donald Trump might have made two guest appearances in HBO s iconic comedy Sex and the City, but the show s star, Sarah Jessica Parker, has speculated his political ascendancy is putting her life in danger.Throwback to when Trump was on Sex and the City. pic.twitter.com/d72FFLvx8w  Billo Rani (@prabhjotkp) September 27, 2016Parker, a high-profile Hollywood liberal who has hosted fundraisers for President Obama, says the political climate generated by Donald Trump has left her fearing she, actor husband Matthew Broderick, and their friends will end up getting hit or worse.SJP, whose new HBO show Divorce begins this Sunday, told Time Out New York:  The thing I keep saying is that even if   please, God   Trump is not elected, I m afraid there is now a climate that has said in silence that it is okay to hurt anybody you not-so-secretly disagree with.   Whether it s how they look or the lifestyle you think they re leading or the color of their skin, or they ve come here to, you know, take advantage of this country. I m terrified. She adds of the unnamed Trump-inspired posse of haters:  I said to [Matthew Broderick], I feel like someone is just going to hit us. They re just going to reach out and smack us or beat the shit of us or, I don t know, shoot us, shoot my friends. I m not being dramatic when I think of this. I m shocked. SJP is so shocked that she winds up issuing a rallying cry for Trump:  I will fight to the very end for you to go and vote for Mr. Trump. Go do it. But you don t have to hurt me to do it. And you don t have to hate me to do it. I don t hate you; I wish I understood you. Via: Heat StreetAre these Hollywood and NY liberals so self-absorbed that they don t see what is REALLY happening in America who is REALLY being attacked for their political views? News flash SJ Parker it s not the Left who s being attacked. How about you just go back to your little safe-space, and we ll call you when it s all over. If America votes for freedom, Trump fans will rejoice. We won t burn any cop cars, we won t loot any stores, we ll likely just say a prayer of thanks and count our blessings that the reign of tyranny is over in America. If America votes for the most crooked President in our history, we will likely feel crushed, but we won t come looking for Sarah Jessica Parker and her whiny husband. We won t be looking for innocent people to harm or buildings to burn. You see, that s not how conservatives do it. So you can rest easy Sarah, knowing that whatever the result, there isn t a single conservative in America who will give you any more thought than we do today. To tell you the truth, I can t remember the last time I even heard your name. Rest easy ",0
19861,HEY #NFL…CAN YOU HEAR US NOW? Monday Night Football’s Ratings Plummet,"The #NFL has become a showcase for an anti-law enforcement movement inspired by Barack Obama, Eric Holder, Al Sharpton and now, Black Lives Matter activist Colin Kaepernick and fellow NFL players First it was Beyonce s Black Panther, anti-cop performance during the 2016 Super Bowl. The NFL was silent.Next, Cleveland Browns player Isaiah Crowell took to Instagram to post an ISIS like photo of a man wearing a black ski mask while slitting the neck of a cop. The NFL was silent.The Dallas Cowboys wanted to wear a decal to show their support for the 5 cops slain by a Black Lives Matter supporter in their home town during a pre-game. The NFL said,  no. Colin Kaepernick, Quarterback for the San Francisco 49er s thought it would be a great way to show his disdain for our law enforcement if he sat during our national anthem. The NFL was silent.Apparently disrespecting our flag was totally okay with the NFL.Months later, more and more NFL players joined Kaepernick and his anti-American antics. It wasn t long before high school and college players, who were inspired by the attention Colin Kaepernick received for his anti-American act, decided to follow suit. Some knelt during the national anthem and performed a  die in  for a more dramatic effect. All were disrespecting our flag.The NFL was SILENT.The time has come for America to show the NFL how we feel about their silence. America s biggest football fans are turning off the TV in a silent protest that is sure to get the attention of an organization that cannot survive without fan support.So far, America s protest against the NFL seems to be working:It seems likely that the numerous #BoycottNFL online campaigns and fan outrage aimed at the National Anthem protests in the NFL have taken a toll in terms of viewership this season. Additionally, cord-cutting continues to eat into traditional TV s ratings at an alarming rate. But could there be something else at play?We re barely a year removed from the NFL setting all-time records in viewership, yet now the league is on pace for its lowest ratings in years. That s a sharp and unexpectedly sudden turn.Given the politicized controversies and the variety of streaming options this year, have we reached a cumulative point of football fatigue? The numbers suggest so.Last night s Monday Night Football matchup between the Minnesota Vikings and New York Giants drew a 9.1 overnight rating, an 8% drop from last year s comparable Week 4 game between the Detroit Lions and Seattle Seahawks. The New England Patriots and Kansas City Chiefs game in 2014 earned a 9.6 rating.  Via: Forbes",0
19862,"BREAKING! MASSIVE VOTER FRAUD INVESTIGATION…Spokesperson For Voter Registration Project: Police Raid “Will Have Prevented 45,000 African Americans From Voting” [VIDEO]","LOL! This group gets raided for suspicion of massive voter fraud, and their defense is that the Republican Secretary of State and (of course) the police, are responsible for preventing 45,000 African Americans from voting? And you know what s even scarier? Indiana s not even a state that should be in play for the Democrats. Just imagine how they ve been organizing in the swing states where the vote is expected to be close. Pretty scary stuff Indiana police raided the offices of the Indiana Voter Registration Project in north Indianapolis on Tuesday in a growing voter fraud case.It is not clear who established or funded the Indiana Voter Registration Project. However, the group released a statement through spokeswoman Christy Setzer, whose PR firm s website says she has worked as a Democratic strategist for the presidential campaigns of Al Gore, Howard Dean and Chris Dodd. Indiana State Police investigators on Tuesday searched a voter registration agency on Indianapolis  north side as they look into a voter fraud case that spans nine counties.The investigation began in late August when police learned of the filing of fraudulent voter registration forms in Marion and Hendricks counties.The investigation has expanded from Marion and Hendricks counties to include Allen, Delaware, Hamilton, Hancock, Johnson, Lake and Madison counties, according to a statement from State Police.Police said the growing number of involved counties leads investigators to believe that the number of fraudulent records might be in the hundreds. An investigation of this nature is complex, time consuming and is expected to continue for several more weeks or months,  said a State Police statement.  Victims of the activities by some agents of the Indiana Voter Registration Project may not discover they have been disenfranchised from voting until they go to vote and realize their voting information has been altered. Such action may result in the citizen having to cast a provisional ballot. Officials said a representative sample of voter registration applications received by county voter registration offices and suspected of being fraudulent have been copied and provided to investigators. The original applications are maintained by the appropriate voter registration office.The possible fraudulent information is a combination of fake names, addresses and dates of birth with real information. USA Today Via: Gateway Pundit",0
19863,FUNNY! MSNBC ANCHOR ASKS Millennial Women If They Feel “Connected” To Hillary [VIDEO], ,0
19864,BREAKING: HILLARY CAUGHT Using Teen Actor Whose Father Is A Rabid Hillary Supporter To Trash Trump During PA Townhall [VIDEO],"Our first female candidate for President is so crooked and dirty that she actually used a teenage girl actress to stage a question designed to trash Trump at her Haverford, PA Townhall. What kind of woman would be okay with a young girl lying in front of an entire crowd of people for the sole purpose of making herself look good? Guess what Hillary? Asking young teenage girls to lie for you doesn t look so good Brennan s father is Daylin Leach a left-wing member of the PA House, who happened to mention how offended he was by Trump s alleged  fat pig  comment in his Facebook post below.The Youtube Spanglevision owner did amazing investigative work to prove his case. From his Youtube video: Hillary has no shame; she used a 15 year old child actor (Brennan Leach) to further her anti-Trump narrative. What kind of role model is Hillary for women teaching teenage girls that cheating is an acceptable form of winning?Here is Brenna s father, Daylin Leach discussing his support for Hillary Clinton on his Facebook page, as well as his disdain for Donald Trump. Hmmmm .I wonder who helped her to format that question?Here is the text from his Facebook post. The original post can be found below:BERNIE vs. HILLARY manifestoI have tried to largely avoid posting on Bernie vs. Hillary. Donald Trump provides me with more than enough material to keep me busy. But I feel the need say a few things First, full disclosure, I am a Hillary delegate. I like Hillary. I agree with Bernie more on a couple of issues, but generally speaking, they are both progressive enough. And I don t always support the most progressive candidate for President. I support the most progressive candidate WHO CAN WIN. I didn t support Jesse Jackson, Dennis Kucinich, Ralph Nader, Al Sharpton, etc., because they were all unelectable. I ve always found Bernie unelectable. Current polls are meaningless. Nobody has ever run a negative ad against Bernie. Once the Republicans spend a billion dollars, he will look like the love child of Che Guevara and Julius Rosenberg. But hey, you may disagree with me. Fine. My point is not to convince anyone to vote for Hillary in the primary. The fall however is a different story. I have seen too many liberals say that Hillary is imperfect, and she is not progressive enough on some issue or other, or she takes corporate money (like Obama, Kerry, Gore, etc. did) or that they don t like her, and thus they are not voting for her. They will write in Bernie, or vote for the Tofu Party, or whatever. I feel compelled to say that for a progressive, that is simply immoral and insane. Clinton s rating from progressive organizations while in the senate was virtually identical to Sanders. She may not call for raising the minimum wage to $15 (which is my bill in PA) but to $12. She may want to expand Obamacare rather than establish single payer. But these are all steps in a progressive direction. But even more importantly, Clinton is not running against Franklin Roosevelt in the fall. She is running against an outright racist, xenophobic authoritarian, who promises to bring back torture, feels workers  make too much  is anti-choice, calls women  fat pigs  promises to  bomb the shit out of  whole bunches of people and ban entire religions from our nation. Wait, I m not done. He will appoint an extreme right-wing Supreme Court that will persist for decades. He is anti-union, wants to eliminate  the Department of Environmental  thinks climate change is a  hoax invented by China . He is a birther and a conspiracy theorist generally. He knows nothing about any issue other than he will solve it with something  beautiful, huge and tremendous which everyone will love, believe me . He tells people at his rallies to  beat the crap out of  protesters, and he wants to curtail freedom of the press so he can sue reporters who write bad stories about him. So when someone says they  won t vote for the lesser of two evils , that is just lazy and sloppy thinking. There is no parity of evil. There is impure and maybe off-putting versus true, crypto fascist evil. It s like if someone threatened to cut off your toe or your entire leg. Would you say  I m not going to choose, because I don t like either option ? The thing is, this isn t some academic exercise where we can be self-righteously pure. This will affect people s lives directly. So again, it is simply immoral and insane for progressives to pretend that who wins in November doesn t matter. Think of it this way. Lets say on a scale of 1-100 measuring how progressive a candidate is, Bernie is a 90. And lets say Hillary is only a 70 (not fair, but lets just say). Trump is about a 2. So if you are really progressive. You vote for 70 over 2. You don t sit it out because you can t have 90. This why its not only important to work for Hillary in the fall, but maybe to stop attacking her once she has mathematically clinched the nomination. Because, in the end, it really, really matters.",0
19865,BILL CLINTON CAUGHT GROPING Flight Attendant On Plane Until He Realized Camera Was Recording Him [VIDEO],"Here s a video posted on The Donald Reddit earlier on Tuesday of Bill Clinton putting his hand in between the legs of a flight attendant or campaign assistant. The woman then removes Bill s hand.We re not sure exactly when this video of Bill Clinton (likely early 90 s) being caught groping this flight attendant took place, but one thing is clear she didn t want him sticking his hands between her legs. Watch as she pushes him away:Uncovered ABC footage shows Bill Clinton groping an assistant before realizing the camera is on.#RapistBillClinton#HillaryTheEnabler pic.twitter.com/CKLCdPmg5P  Patriots LOVE Trump! (@HilLIARy_Lies) October 2, 2016",0
19866,AN ARROGANT Obama Admits He’s Learned Nothing As President,"A legacy of hate and division from an unapologetic and arrogant President who promised to  transform  the United States of America. And so it goes, America s  first black President  has successfully divided our nation, pitting American against American, while elevating those who break the law over those who risk their lives to protect our neighborhoods and communities. He has offered cover for those who illegally entered our country, while ignoring the danger he poses to our national security by allowing unvetted immigrants into our country from nations who hate us. Yet unbelievably, while America burns, the Left is arguing we need to elect our  first female President  to carry out his dangerous and destructive legacy. Sorry, but we ll pass News flash: President Obama didn t learn anything in eight years in the White House. And he s proud of it.Sadly, this is the only promise Obama kept to the American voters:As Obama admitted in an interview with New York magazine:  If you go back and you read speeches I made when I was running for the US Senate in 2003, or if you go back further and you look at statements I made when I was on the Harvard Law Review, my worldview is pretty consistent. The comment was a point of pride, which makes it doubly tragic. Once the smartest man in the room, always the smartest man in the room.Never mind that the world is on fire, that America is polarized, angry and scared. Or that ObamaCare is a sick patient, that the economy is growing at a snail s pace and that many cities are racial war zones.It s not Obama s fault. None of it. He would do it all again.With voters fixated on his successor, Obama is fixated on his legacy. A large part of his effort on the way out the door is explaining what he did, and insisting that what he did was right. Always.There s no news there, but there is some valuable insight from the ways he defends the indefensible. Let it be a warning to Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton about the pitfalls of the power they are seeking.If nothing else, the winner should take the oath of office next January armed with the knowledge that hubris is the common thread in Obama s many failures.For example, the president says his secret sauce was that he  trusted my judgment  but didn t  trust the noise out there,  meaning Republicans, talk radio, cable TV and pretty much everybody else who didn t agree with him.At some point, he said, he concluded his critics were  not even trying to be fair-minded in their assessments or recommendations,  and he found that liberating because he could ignore them.Whether it was enforcing his red line in Syria, which he didn t, or substituting executive orders for congressional action, he expressed no regret. He was right and everybody else was wrong.It s a remarkable notion, yet plainly a trend when government is the largest special interest, one that uses and abuses its power to look out for itself. Especially under liberals, it only admits failure to demand more power.This is no small feat. Consider that way back in the reign of George W. Bush, it was universally accepted that a president ought to be held accountable for national problems. A war that didn t work out as planned, a natural disaster or an economic one all fell on the head of the occupant of the Oval Office.But Obama and his apologists cleverly reversed the dynamic. Now the American public is to blame when things go wrong.It s because people are  deplorables  or some other ignorant form of life that leads them to resist wise choices government makes for them. If only the people were smart enough and honest enough to understand how lucky they are, the country would be better off.Throughout this interview and others, it is clear that Obama is leaving office with both his worldview and his prejudices firmly intact. Recall that during the 2008 campaign, talking to donors in San Francisco, he said that white working-class people in Pennsylvania and places like it were falling behind economically and  they get bitter, they cling to guns or religion or antipathy toward people who aren t like them. That s the most quoted part of his remarks, but the rest of it was equally snobbish: Those same people, he said, also cling to  anti-immigrant sentiment or anti-trade sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations. Imagine if Obama had listened to those people, instead of shutting them out as noise. Imagine if he had seen their problems as legitimate, instead of seeing them as backwoods bigots.But he didn t, and so he leaves the country more bitterly divided than when he began. And, as I have said before, Trump s rise through his focus on immigration and trade are a big part of Obama s legacy. Via: NYP ",0
19867,UNREAL! OBAMA BLAMES SYRIAN CIVIL WAR ON CLIMATE CHANGE…Mocks Those Who Wear Flag Pins [VIDEO], ,0
19868,"OBAMA’S CROOKED DOJ HIDES Massive Hillary Scandal: “The U.S. government spent millions of dollars, went all over the world to bankrupt him, and destroyed his life — all to protect Hillary Clinton’s crimes”","The most crooked person to ever run for President The Obama administration is moving to dismiss charges against an arms dealer it had accused of selling weapons that were destined for Libyan rebels.Lawyers for the Justice Department on Monday filed a motion in federal court in Phoenix to drop the case against the arms dealer, an American named Marc Turi, whose lawyers also signed the motion.The deal averts a trial that threatened to cast additional scrutiny on Hillary Clinton s private emails as Secretary of State, and to expose reported Central Intelligence Agency attempts to arm rebels fighting Libyan leader Moammar Qadhafi.Government lawyers were facing a Wednesday deadline to produce documents to Turi s legal team, and the trial was officially set to begin on Election Day, although it likely would have been delayed by protracted disputes about classified information in the case.A Turi associate asserted that the government dropped the case because the proceedings could have embarrassed Clinton and President Barack Obama by calling attention to the reported role of their administration in supplying weapons that fell into the hands of Islamic extremist militants. They don t want this stuff to come out because it will look really bad for Obama and Clinton just before the election,  said the associate.In the dismissal motion, prosecutors say  discovery rulings  from U.S. District Court Judge David Campbell contributed to the decision to drop the case. The joint motion asks the judge to accept a confidential agreement to resolve the case through a civil settlement between the State Department and the arms broker. Our position from the outset has been that this case never should have been brought and we re glad it s over,  said Jean-Jacques Cabou, a Perkins Coie partner serving as court-appointed defense counsel in the case.  Mr Turi didn t break the law .We re very glad the charges are being dismissed. Under the deal, Turi admits no guilt in the transactions he participated in, but he agreed to refrain from U.S.-regulated arms dealing for four years. A $200,000 civil penalty will be waived if Turi abides by the agreement.A State Department official confirmed the outlines of the agreement. Mr. Turi cooperated with the Department s Directorate of Defense Trade Controls in its review and proposed administrative settlement of the alleged violations,  said the official, who asked not be named.  Based on a compliance review, DDTC alleged that Mr. Turi engaged in brokering activities for the proposed transfer of defense articles to Libya, a proscribed destination under [arms trade regulations,] despite the Department s denial of requests for the required prior approval of such activities. Turi adviser Robert Stryk of the government relations and consulting firm SPG accused the government of trying to scapegoat Turi to cover up Clinton s mishandling of Libya. The U.S. government spent millions of dollars, went all over the world to bankrupt him, and destroyed his life   all to protect Hillary Clinton s crimes,  he said, alluding to the deadly Sept. 11, 2012 terrorist attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya.Read more: Politico",0
19869,OBAMA’S FEDERAL AGENTS CAUGHT Spying On Law-Abiding Gun Show Customers,"Big brother is alive and well 3 months only 3 months In Obamaland surveillance on Muslim terror suspects is considered Islamaphobia, surveillance on Black Lives Matter riots is considered racism, but surveillance on law-abiding gun owners is an important crime-fighting tool. It turns out that federal agents have been spying on customers at guns shows and tracking their movements. Why? Because the current administration is hostile to legal gun ownership and completely inept.The Wall Street Journal originally broke this story but they have a stupid business model and put the article behind a pay wall. Thankfully there is this thing called the Internet where all information is available for free and Fox News has the scoop:The first problem you may notice in this illegal surveillance is how insanely pointless the operation is. There was no way this would ever yield any results if you understand California gun law. The Golden State does not have the  gun show loophole  that liberals love to blame for all crimes involving a gun. Even at a gun show, a person purchasing a firearm must undergo a background check and wait 10 before taking possession of the weapon.All gun transfers in California go through a federally licensed firearms dealer with no exceptions. Handgun purchases are limited to one every 30 days and require additional licensing. The state maintains a firearms registry. This is the last place in America where a person would try to make a straw purchase. Even less so for someone trying to buy guns, smuggle them into Mexico, and arm the drug cartels.On top of all that, California also bans many popular handguns and all  assault rifles.  Do the feds really think there is a vibrant black market in Mexico for California-compliant weapons? Apparently so.And despite the feds  claim, this was completely illegal it is most certainly not. The government can t just start spying on Americans without probable cause that a crime is being committed. The feds went fishing here and they forgot to bring bait, rods, and reels. They also didn t pick a spot with any fish.If the feds want to know how guns are getting from the US to Mexico they should go ask former Attorney General Eric Holder who green-lit Operation Fast and Furious. In that, the BATF let guns  go walking  from US gun stores right into the hands of the Mexican drug cartels. One of those guns was used to kill a US border patrol agent. Via: Downtrend",0
19870,POWERFUL! FORMERLY OPPRESSED EX- MUSLIM WARNS Ignorant Americans About Danger Of “Welcoming The People I Fled From” [VIDEO],"A former Muslim and Donald Trump supporter who fled Islam-controlled Kuwait years ago has a warning for Americans this election cycle.Sarah, an ex-Muslim who bravely denounced Islam at a Milo Yiannopoulos speech, said she would absolutely hate it if America started to embrace Islamic culture, the exact culture which led her to flee her native country.She suggested that if American women want to support this oppressive lifestyle, they should go there to experience it. In a nutshell, she s saying,  don t bring it here she came here to escape the intolerance and submissive lifestyle. They [western feminists]show me they really don t care about me by welcoming my attackers into the place that I now call home.' ***Language warning*** I found home in America and I would really hate it if the values that made me find America as my home would be destroyed, so I m with the Trump campaign, I m with the Republican campaign. Keep people out of America that would change America for what we love it for and Milo is just another part of that which is why I support him,  Sarah said.Sarah said she fled Kuwait after her  very Muslim husband  told her that getting a college degree would do nothing for her because she is a woman. If you want to learn about something, go and learn about it,  Sarah said of Americans who are embracing Islam.  You re more than welcome. Become a hostage in Saudi Arabia. Maybe that ll teach you something.  Via: American Lookout ",0
19871,CHAMPION OF WOMEN? How Hillary Used Private Investigators To Destroy Women Her Political Prize Husband Was Sleeping With: “We have to destroy her story”,"Hillary won t be able to claim a vast right-wing conspiracy when she sees the article the left-leaning New York Times published. The article outlines how Hillary aggressively pursued the women her husband willingly chose to have sex with while he was married to her. Hillary never considered the women her philandering husband had sexual relations with were merely victims of a serial sexual abuser. He was her ticket to the ultimate power. The truth of the matter is, Hillary destroyed these women and protected her sexual predator husband, because having the ultimate political power was more important to her than the victims her husband discarded like yesterday s trash. This is the woman who is to be held up as an example for our daughters? This is the woman who young girls on college campuses say they ll vote for because she has matching genitalia? Hillary s true story needs to be told. She is nothing more than a two-bit opportunist who has clung to a charismatic serial sexual abuser of women for one reason, and one reason only to get to this point her ultimate goal the first serious female candidate for President of the United States. As usual with the Clinton s anyone who is harmed on their way up the political ladder, is of little or no consequence to them Last week, Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, criticized Mrs. Clinton over Mr. Clinton s affairs and her response to them, and said he might talk more about the issue in the final weeks before the election.That could be a treacherous strategy for Mr. Trump, given his own past infidelity and questionable treatment of women. Many voters, particularly women, might see Mrs. Clinton being blamed for her husband s conduct.It could also remind voters of a searing period in American history, and in Mrs. Clinton s life.Confronting a spouse s unfaithfulness is painful under any circumstance. For Mrs. Clinton, it happened repeatedly and in the most public of ways, unfolding at the dawn of the 24/7 news cycle, and later in impeachment proceedings that convulsed the nation.Outwardly, she remained stoic and defiant, defending her husband while a progression of women and well-funded conservative operatives accused Mr. Clinton of behavior unbecoming the leader of the free world.But privately, she embraced the Clinton campaign s aggressive strategy of counterattack: Women who claimed to have had sexual encounters with Mr. Clinton would become targets of digging and discrediting   tactics that women s rights advocates frequently denounce.The campaign hired a private investigator with a bare-knuckles reputation who embarked on a mission, as he put it in a memo, to impugn Ms. Flowers s  character and veracity until she is destroyed beyond all recognition. In a pattern that would later be repeated with other women, the investigator s staff scoured Arkansas and beyond, collecting disparaging accounts from ex-boyfriends, employers and others who claimed to know Ms. Flowers, accounts that the campaign then disseminated to the news media.By the time Mr. Clinton finally admitted to  sexual relations  with Ms. Flowers, years later, Clinton aides had used stories collected by the private investigator to brand her as a  bimbo  and a  pathological liar. Mrs. Clinton s level of involvement in that effort, as described in interviews, internal campaign records and archives, is still the subject of debate. By some accounts, she gave the green light and was a motivating force; by others, her support was no more than tacit assent.What is clear is that Mrs. Clinton was in a difficult spot. She was aware that her husband had cheated earlier in their marriage, but by her telling, she also believed him when he denied the accusations levied by Ms. Flowers and others.Mickey Kantor, the chairman of Bill Clinton s 1992 campaign, said that Mrs. Clinton wanted to separate fact from fiction and to size up the women making the claims. Let s say the woman has some not-helpful things that she has done in the past,  Mr. Kantor said.  Wouldn t you want to know that, and evaluate it? Mrs. Clinton and her husband declined to be interviewed, and her campaign did not answer questions about her support of efforts to undermine the women.  The country closed the book on these matters close to 20 years ago, and there is nothing whatsoever new here,  her spokesman, Brian Fallon, said in a statement.Her campaign also released statements from James Carville, Mr. Clinton s top campaign strategist, and two lawyers who worked for Mr. Clinton, saying that Mrs. Clinton had not overseen the counterattacks. Those who took the lead in responding to those attacks at the time have plainly stated that Hillary Clinton did not direct their work,  Mr. Fallon said.Neutralizing the WhispersFour years after Gary Hart fled a presidential race amid speculation about an affair, every accusation of womanizing was viewed as a mortal threat to Mr. Clinton s campaign.Stanley Greenberg, a pollster for the campaign who had strategized with the Clintons in the fall of 1991 about how to handle the rumors of infidelity, recalled Mrs. Clinton s acknowledgment that her husband had strayed. It was an uncomfortable meeting,  Mr. Greenberg said in an interview for an oral history of Mr. Clinton s presidency conducted by the Miller Center at the University of Virginia.  I remember Hillary saying that,  obviously, if I could say no to this question, we would say no, and therefore, there is an issue. Weeks later, their first taste of trouble came in a Penthouse magazine story by a rock groupie named Connie Hamzy, who claimed Mr. Clinton had once propositioned her at a hotel in Little Rock, Ark.Mr. Clinton brushed off the story, saying that Ms. Hamzy had made a sexual advance toward him, George Stephanopoulos, the communications director of the 1992 campaign, recalled in his book,  All Too Human. But Mrs. Clinton demanded action. We have to destroy her story,  she said, according to Mr. Stephanopoulos.In what became a common tactic, affidavits were collected, from an aide and two others who stated that they were with Mr. Clinton at the hotel and that Ms. Hamzy s story was false. (Contacted recently, Ms. Hamzy said she stood by her account.)When the work was done, both Clintons called Mr. Stephanopoulos, together, to offer their thanks.An Explosive AccusationThe Gennifer Flowers story landed like a bomb weeks before the New Hampshire primary.Ms. Flowers, a lounge singer and Arkansas state employee at the time, sold Star magazine her story claiming an affair with Mr. Clinton that had lasted more than 10 years.In a meeting with aides, the Clintons scripted a unified defense that they delivered in the interview on  60 Minutes. With Mrs. Clinton nodding agreement, Mr. Clinton admitted to the TV audience to  causing pain in my marriage,  but denied an affair with Ms. Flowers. Mrs. Clinton professed sympathy for Ms. Flowers, saying she had been caught up in rumors through no fault of her own.But at a news conference the next day, Ms. Flowers reasserted her claims, playing excerpts from her calls with Mr. Clinton. The two could be heard discussing the attention the rumors were getting, and she joked about his sexual talents.Glimpsing the news conference in South Dakota, Mrs. Clinton directed an aide to get Mr. Clinton on the phone, Gail Sheehy, a journalist traveling with her, recalled in a recent interview. It was a reaction of no surprise, but immediate anger and action,  said Ms. Sheehy, who also described her observations in a Vanity Fair article that year.  Not anger at Bill, but at Flowers, the press and Republicans. Back on a plane that night, Mrs. Clinton told Ms. Sheehy that if she were to question Ms. Flowers in front of a jury,  I would crucify her. Weeks later, a small group of campaign aides, along with Mrs. Clinton, met at the governor s mansion in Little Rock, and they made a pivotal decision: They would hire Jack Palladino, a private investigator known for tactics such as making surreptitious recordings and deploying attractive women to extract information.An aide to the campaign, who declined to be publicly identified because the aide had not been authorized to speak for the Clintons, said Mrs. Clinton was among those who had discussed and approved the hiring, which shifted the campaign to a more aggressive posture.Mr. Kantor, the campaign chairman, said he did not know whether Mrs. Clinton had specifically approved Mr. Palladino s employment as the other aide recalled. But he said that she had seen a need for outside help. She believed we had to deal with the issue directly,  Mr. Kantor said.Mr. Palladino, who did not respond to requests for an interview, reported to James Lyons, a lawyer working for the campaign. In a memo that he addressed to Mr. Lyons on March 30, Mr. Palladino proposed a full-court press on Ms. Flowers. Every acquaintance, employer, and past lover should be located and interviewed,  Mr. Palladino wrote.  She is now a shining icon   telling lies that so far have proved all benefit and no cost   for any other opportunist who may be considering making Clinton a target. Soon, Ms. Flowers heard from ex-boyfriends and others who said they had been contacted by a private investigator. They would say that he would try to manipulate them,  Ms. Flowers recalled,  or get them to say things like I was sexually active. Karen Steele, who had worked with Ms. Flowers at the Roy Clark Celebrity Theater in Branson, Mo., was among those who received a visit.  I remember I got questioned about brothers Gennifer and I once dated,  she said.  It wasn t warm and fuzzy. While Mrs. Clinton considered the Lewinsky affair a  personal lapse  by her husband, she gave him credit for trying to break it off and manage someone who was a  narcissistic loony toon,  according to Ms. Blair s papers.Bill Clinton can be seen lying before Grand Jury about sexual relations he had with Monica Lewinsky, a young intern in the Oval Office, for which he was impeached later. Hillary s close friend Diane Blair   a political science professor whose papers were donated to the University of Arkansas Special Collections library   Hillary Clinton credited Bill Clinton with trying to break away from Lewinsky, whom she called a  narcissistic loony toon. :Soon after, Mrs. Clinton expressed pleasure to her friend that she and her husband were able to drive  their adversaries totally nuts  because they did not appear to be suffering.For entire story: New York Times ",0
19872,BREAKING: LIVE WIKILEAKS Announcement About Hillary That Could Swing Election…Live Announcement [3AM EST]," People have a right to understand who it is they re electing,  said Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, adding that the information comprised of  a variety of different types of documents, from different types of institutions that are associated with the election campaign, some quite unexpected angles that are quite interesting, some even entertaining. WATCH HERE starting at 3 AM EST:Via: Infowars",0
19873,YIKES! HILLARY CAMPAIGN In State Of Panic…Campaign Events Being Cancelled Due To Lack Of Volunteers [VIDEO],"The enthusiasm for Hillary is well underwhelming to say the least. Two of Hillary s campaign events in Akron, OH were cancelled today due to lack of volunteers (interest in her campaign).Watch:",0
19874,"UNPOPULAR HILLARY HOSTS Rally In Empty Charlotte, NC Church…Tiny Room In Toledo, OH…Pops Cough Lozenges…Stretcher Brought Backstage [VIDEO]","Polls lie the number of supporters who show up to hear a candidate speak when they visit swing states, tells Americans everything they need to know about who is truly more popular with voters Hillary refused to call for calm in a city that was torn apart over a black man who was shot and killed by police officers. She was gunning for the black vote. Well, it turned out the black man who was shot dead was also armed, and it also turns out that rioting, attacking innocent people, and demeaning our law enforcement officers isn t very popular with most Americans either.Here s a shot Hillary s pathetic audience in Charlotte, NC. If she was right about backing the Black Lives Matter rioters, shouldn t she have had a better turnout here in the epicenter of the riots?Hillary didn t do much better today at her rally in Toledo, OH:Disappointing Turnout for Hillary in Toledo Train Station pic.twitter.com/IWFYxwHzsS  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) October 3, 2016Crowd gathering in MLKJr Plaza (Toledo) for Hillary Clinton campaign rally at 1:30. pic.twitter.com/bz1cMdp72n  Tom Troy (@TomFTroy) October 3, 2016It looks like that darn pneumonia just won t go away:How many Presidential candidates need a stretcher at the ready backstage during their rallies?A gurney was just brought back stage at Hillary's Akron rally. She has yet to appear on stage. #hillaryshealth #hackinghillary pic.twitter.com/hYFnzhYMus  Millie Weaver (@Millie__Weaver) October 3, 2016DEPLORABLE UPDATE: Thousands of gays, Latinos, women, youths and men line up 5-6 hours early to attend Trump rally in Loveland, CO:The line just goes on and on to get into the #Trump #Loveland rally and it doesn't start for 3+ hours! #COpolitics pic.twitter.com/Z6Vc0LppMJ  Tyger (@Right_Not_Wrong) October 3, 2016h/t Gateway Pundit",0
19875,"WOW! DEM STRATEGIST Bob Beckel Says Wikileaks Founder Should Be Assassinated:”I’m not for the death penalty, so illegally shoot the son-of-a-b*tch!”","Is CNN contributor and Democratic Strategist Bob Beckel speaking on behalf of a frustrated Hillary Clinton who was just exposed by Wikileaks in a document suggesting Wikileaks founder Julian Assange should be taken out with a drone? Is this how the Democrat party handles anyone who stands up to Hillary and exposes the Clinton s criminal behavior? Threaten them to shut them up, and if they don t shut up assassinate them? Way to show the Democrat Party s true colors Bob.Here s what Bob Beckel has to say about how to handle Wikileaks founder Julian Assange and his leaks to the public exposing the crooked Democrat Party and their crooked Queen Hillary Look the way to deal with this it s pretty simple. We ve got special ops forces. A dead guy can t leak stuff. The guys a traitor, he s treasonous, and he s broken every law in the United States (Is he talking about Obama?) And I m not for the death penalty, and if I m not for the death-penalty, there s only one way to do it illegally shoot the son-of-a-bitch!    Bob Beckel, Democrat StrategistDemocrat strategist Bob Beckel, now at CNN, called for Julian Assange to be assassinated after Clinton cable leak pic.twitter.com/9L2ixl24Er  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 3, 2016",0
19876,ILLEGAL ALIEN Who Helps Illegals Stay In U.S. ARRESTED For Drunk Driving…Why The Left May Not Be Able To Stop Her Deportation [VIDEO],"The Office of Immigration Statistics reported that of the 188,382 deportations of illegal aliens in 2011, 23 percent had committed criminal traffic offenses (primarily driving under the influence). Congressman Steve King (R-IA) estimates that illegal alien drunk drivers kill 13 Americans every day   that s a death toll of 4,745 per year.Trump has taken a hard-line on illegal alien drunk drivers in America. He is the only politician who is addressing this serious problem. He can be seen here embracing parents and families who have been torn apart by the death of a loved one at the hands of an illegal alien:This is the story of a prominent illegal alien activist and drunk driver the Left is embracing and working so hard to keep in America: On May 28, the community organizer for Casa, a national immigrants rights organization based in Maryland, was stopped by police and arrested for a DUI after having had two margaritas at a restaurant. Her blood alcohol was twice the legal limit for driving.Her arrest sent a shockwave through the activist community, with petitions from organizations such as Change.org being filed to stop her deportation.The last thing anyone in the immigrant activist community would have expected was that Wendy Uruchi Contreras would be arrested and potentially deported.Uruchi s attorney, Enid Gonzalez, told Fox News Latino her team filed for a  stay of removal  with the Department of Homeland Security on Friday. Her case is very unusual,  Gonzalez said.  Since she came to the U.S. on a visa waiver    which allows visitors from 38 countries to stay for up to 90 days without a visa    she automatically waived any possible effort to block removal from the country. Gonzalez added,  Had she come in undocumented, she d have a strong defense for cancellation for removal, because of her children. She d meet those requirements. The decision on her stay of removal could take a day or six weeks. If immigration authorities recommend granting it, she ll likely have a year to remain in the U.S., and Gonzalez says immigration officials keep very close tabs on people in those circumstances.Uruchi didn t start her career as an activist very long ago. According to the Washington Post, she met some employees from Casa a few years ago at an event at the Salvadoran Embassy, and she began going to events, then organizing them. In 2014, she was hired full-time as a Virginia community organizer.Uruchi spent the last two years helping undocumented immigrants fight their deportations, without ever revealing her own status. Via: Latino Fox News",0
19877,WIKILEAKS Posts NEW Document…Shows Hillary Reportedly Asked: ” Can’t we just drone this guy [Julian Assange]?”,"Hillary Clinton is the last person you want placing a target on your back the list of people who ve paid a heavy price for betraying her is pretty long Julian Assange announced Sunday he was cancelling his much anticipated announcement on leaked Clinton documents. Assange said he was cancelling the planned speech due to security concerns.To Silence Wikileaks, #HillaryClinton Proposed Drone Strike on Julian Assange   report https://t.co/S7tPrl2QCZ  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 3, 2016Assange was going to make the announcement on Tuesday. Obviously, Julian Assange is concerned about his safety.Julian Assange announced in August: The  Most Interesting and Serious  Wikileaks Info On Hillary Clinton Yet to Be ReleasedNow this  Wikileaks posted a document this morning that reportedly shows Hillary wanted to drone bomb Julian Assange.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
19878,BREAKING BOMBSHELL: 27 YR OLD Son Of Arkansas Prostitute Says Bill Clinton Is His Father…Did Hillary Keep Him Away From Bill? [VIDEO],"Do black lives really matter to the Clinton s?It s the lead story today on the Drudge Report Danney Williams, a 27-year-old black man who has a stunning resemblance to Bill Clinton is claiming Bill is his father. The young man from Arkansas has sparked the interest of many on social media, as he and his mother, Bobbie Ann Williams who was a prostitute in Arkansas in the mid-80 s, say she had sexual relations with the former Governor Bill Clinton, and that Bill is his father. Many associated with his story are claiming that Hillary kept him from having a relationship with Bill .Alex Jones   In Little Rock, low-income housing projects are only about 5 blocks away from the Governor s Mansion.It was common practice for Bill Clinton to go out jogging  only to disappear into the bushes to be serviced by prostitutes.One has to wonder what is swimming around the Petri dish that is Bill Clinton s genitalia.Bill Clinton s Illegitimate Son Bobbie Ann Williams  a Little Rock street hooker  says she and Bill did cocaine together, as well as having a foursome with 2 other prostitutes in the country cabin of Bill Clinton s mother, while Clinton was serving as governor in 1983-1984.Williams claims Bill Clinton sired her son Danny in 1985, though Clinton  deadbeat dad that he is  never claimed or supported him.This tough talking black female host of  For The People  talks about Bill s illegitimate black son and offers her uncensored thoughts on Hillary Clinton (language warning):",0
19879,"SOCIALIST MILLENNIAL MAGNET Bernie Sanders Tells Supporters How to Vote, After Hillary Caught Saying He Lied to Supporters About Free Stuff","Hillary Clinton s campaign also announced Sunday night that it had canceled tentatively planned events with Sen. Bernie Sanders for Monday.Instead, her primary rival will now be on the campaign trail Wednesday in Iowa and Wisconsin instead. Wednesday s Des Moines stop was added to make up for appearances tentatively scheduled in Iowa on Monday, October 3,  the campaign said in a release.Sanders will be in Des Moines, Iowa, in the morning, and will host rallies in Madison and Green Bay, Wis., in the afternoon.He will discuss the Democratic nominee s  plan to build an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top, and Donald Trump s plan, which would benefit himself and other millionaires and billionaires,  the campaign said.Though unclear if it s related, the schedule change comes a few days after audio from a February fundraiser leaked that made public Clinton s take on fans of her then-rival Sanders, who she suggested were overly idealistic.  There s just a deep desire to believe that we can have free college, free healthcare, that what we ve done hasn t gone far enough, and that we just need to, you know, go as far as, you know, Scandinavia, whatever that means, and half the people don t know what it means but it is something that they deeply feel,  she said.Sanders, who ran for president as a member of the Democratic Party, said  of course  it bothered him that Clinton said he sold a  false promise  to his supporters.But, he said Sunday, his supporters should still vote for her. For entire story: The Hill ",0
19880,FLORIDA DOCTOR Under Fire After Running TV Ad Offering Medical Treatment For Men Who Plan To Vote For Hillary [VIDEO],"As a woman, I have to say I agree with this doctor s theory about any man who would vote for Hillary. A Florida doctor is under fire for a commercial warning men who are considering voting for Hillary Clinton that they might have low testosterone levels. WBBH s Nestor Mato reports.Florida doctor under fire for saying men who vote for Clinton may have low testosterone levels https://t.co/6IUumR7S5s pic.twitter.com/lJn6d2vwru  NBC News (@NBCNews) October 2, 2016Watch here:https://youtu.be/bokKloZOjSo",0
19881,HOW THE CLINTON FOUNDATION RIPPED OFF HAITI…Stunning VIDEO That Exposes America’s Most Selfish Couple,"While the media salivates over the illegal release of Trump s tax documents and criticize him for using legal tax loopholes to avoid paying taxes to our corrupt government, they completely ignored the Clinton crime families scheme to steal from the poorest of the poor in Haiti.Here is how the Clinton s used the money that Americans donated to help the devastated residents of Haiti to enrich themselves:",0
19882,CALL ME “YOUR MAJESTY”: Conservative Student Takes University of Michigan’s New Gender Policy To Task…And It’s AWESOME! [Video],"My husband and I sat in a restaurant booth last night in Michigan and listened to group of college administrators talking about how best to address  sexual fluidity  in the classroom. I heard words like  binary  and  confused  and  in search of sexual identity  being thrown around as if they were the most important issues college kids are facing today. There was no mention of academics, it was all about a ensuring the faculty was in-tune and sensitive to their student s sexual identity. I was barely able to digest my food after listening to these administrators discussing what was of utmost importance to them in the college environment. I am more grateful than ever for conservative students like Grant Strobl, who are boldly standing up to the idiocy of political correctness .especially in my home state of Michigan A new policy at the University of Michigan allows students to choose their preferred pronouns  including the gender-neutral  they  and  ze    to appear on class rosters.With that in mind, one conservative student, Grant Strobl, who is also chairman of the Young Americans for Freedom board of governors, decided to troll the university administration by officially requesting his pronoun to be changed to  His Majesty. And it worked!Although Storbl says he has  no problem with students asking to be identified a certain way,  he thought it important to show just how ludicrous it is for universities to institutionalize the use of  arbitrary  pronouns and threaten disciplinary action if students and staff repeatedly fail to use them. I henceforth shall be referred to as: His Majesty, Grant Strobl. I encourage all U-M students to go onto Wolverine Access, and insert the identity of their dreams  he told the College Fix.University of Michigan now allowing students to choose preferred pronouns, prompting student to troll school by choosing  His Majesty.  pic.twitter.com/n7po5mwTAo  Fox News (@FoxNews) September 30, 2016The university vice president and provost of student life said employing preferred pronouns was  one of the most basic ways to show your respect for their identity and to cultivate an environment that respects all gender identities. Students can now add or change their preferred pronouns, and the changes will only be shared with  those who have a legitimate education interest in this information,  according to the new website.Since the announcement, several students have followed Srobl s example, registering an array of of regal pronouns. Via: Heat Street",0
19883,4 DEAD TEENAGERS In Two Weeks…Illegal Immigrant Gang Violence Hits Long Island Town HARD,"It was only a matter of time We can t keep our borders open to anyone who cares to cross over, offer them immunity from the law in sanctuary cities that basically give criminals the ability to move around freely and expect a positive result. We asked for it when most American citizens sat back and allowed Obama to bully our border agents into submission, while shaming our government officials and law enforcement agencies for daring to demand stricter immigration controls. There s a good reason Donald J. Trump rose to the top of the packed GOP Presidential field when he mentioned building a wall on our southern border and clamping down on the insane flow of unvetted immigrants and refugees into the United States.Hillary is on the same team as Obama when it comes to unchecked illegal immigration. BRENTWOOD, N.Y.   Four dead teenagers. Two weeks. One town. And a ruthless gang, the authorities say, was most likely responsible for the toll. Again.On Sept. 13, Nisa Mickens, 15, and her best friend, Kayla Cuevas, 16, were murdered, their battered bodies found near an elementary school here. A week later and just two miles away, the skeletal remains of two more teenagers   identified as Oscar Acosta, 19, and Miguel Garcia-Moran, 15   were found in the woods near a psychiatric hospital. Oscar had been missing since May, Miguel since February. Their deaths have been ruled homicides.Brentwood, a hardscrabble town of nearly 60,000 on Long Island, 40 miles east of Manhattan, has reached another crisis point. For nearly two decades, MS-13, a gang with roots in Los Angeles and El Salvador, has been terrorizing the town, the authorities say, especially its young people. Since 2009, its members have been accused of at least 14 murders, court and police records show.School officials are scrambling. Police officers are searching. Students are frightened. Parents are anguished. It s so hard, I m hurting,  Eveylyn Rodriguez, the mother of Kayla, said last week.  I wish I could hold my daughter again. In her first interview since Kayla s funeral, Ms. Rodriguez spoke measuredly about how her daughter had been bullied by gang members inside and outside of her high school. To me, it s worse than it was before; it s everywhere,  said Ms. Rodriguez, a 1987 graduate of Brentwood Ross High School, where her daughter was a student.  This is ridiculous,  she added.  We need some type of assistance to help our police officers here and see if they can come together to figure out a plan to make things better for the kids now. The path to such a plan, however, runs through a fractured Suffolk County. Its former police chief is headed to jail, its district attorney is under federal investigation and a Justice Department settlement mandated changes in the police department in 2013 after findings of bias against Latino residents.Tensions simmer here because some residents say they believe an increase in Central American migrants to town has led to the increase in gang violence. According to 2014 census figures compiled by Queens College, Brentwood s population is 68 percent Latino or Hispanic, with more than 17,000 residents claiming to be from El Salvador.Brentwood has 4,400 high school students divided into two schools, and administrators say the environment is safe. Gang members rarely present themselves in the schools,  Richard Loeschner, the principal of Brentwood Ross High School, said.  If they do, we take care of that pretty quickly. But ultimately, he said, after acknowledging that the administration knew of about 20 to 25 students in the district with possible gang affiliations, there is only so much they can do. We can t exclude a kid because we suspect they are in a gang,  Mr. Loeschner said.  That s state and federal law that they are entitled to an education. Even before the girls  murders, students were subject to random screenings with metal detectors, which have increased over the past few weeks, he added. There are no detectors at the entrances of either high school, however.Some parents were concerned that the school s response to the violence was not proactive enough. Dr. Levi McIntyre, the school superintendent, sent an email to parents warning their children not to wear royal blue, the color identified with MS-13, or clothes displaying the Salvadoran flag. A student on the way to school, he wrote, recently had his blue shirt torn off by gang members and burned.MS-13 formed in Los Angeles in the 1980s by immigrants from El Salvador escaping civil war. The abbreviation stands for Mara Salvatrucha, which roughly translates to  Salvadoran street posse. Authorities say it has been in Suffolk County since around 1998, and is organized in cliques bearing names like the Brentwood Locos Salvatruchas. Leaders gather to discuss their lines of business   extortion, prostitution, robbery, drug dealing   and to authorize the killings of chavalas, or members of rival gangs like the Bloods and Crips, court papers say.The recent murders have exacerbated disputes in the town over immigration policy, which Donald J. Trump, the Republican candidate for president, fueled during last week s debate by saying that the gangs roaming the streets were made up of illegal immigrants. There s been a huge influx, to be honest with you,  said Ray Mayo, the president of the Brentwood Association of Concerned Citizens, who added that he was upset over undocumented immigrants crowding rental properties.  It seems like a whole new set of gang members who have stirred the pot up. Two law enforcement authorities, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the continuing murder investigation, said that over the last several years the gang has sought to enlist recent immigrants from Central America because they are often more vulnerable to recruitment. For entire story: NYT s ",0
19884,BREAKING VIDEO Of Hillary Supporter And #BlackLivesMatter Activist Vandalizing Trump’s Brand New DC Hotel [VIDEO],"Hillary has been stirring up the hateful movement Obama, Eric Holder and Al Sharpton started years ago, as a means to encourage blacks to come out to the polls on her behalf on November 8th. American voters need to ask themselves what kind of a person stirs up hate and division between races for the sake of getting votes? What kind of person is okay with dividing a nation just to obtain the ultimate power position in politics? The worst criminal to ever run for President of the United States .Crooked Hillary Clinton that s who.Watch her shamelessly pander to the worst common denominator for votes:Watch Hillary encourage Black Lives Matter terrorists to take their  action  to a new level:Oh look Black Lives Matter is actually listening to Hillary. Last night they vandalized one of the most beautiful buildings in Washington DC that just happens to being to Hillary s opponent:Trump's new DC hotel vandalized this morning w/ Black Lives Matter graffiti. I have a feeling this isn't going to be isolated. Smh.   pic.twitter.com/r9T6o9DfgT  Tara Setmayer (@TaraSetmayer) October 2, 2016Here is another picture that was taken of the graffiti painted on Trump s amazing hotel in downtown DC:Meanwhile in DC protesters seem to have defaced the Trump International Hotel. Workers just covered the graffiti. pic.twitter.com/gIOpB6dCmY  Jazmin Bailey (@JazminMBailey) October 1, 2016",0
19885,OOPS! LIST OF TOP 10 CORPORATE TAX DODGERS Are All Hillary Donors…Compliments Of Bernie Sanders,"The hypocrisy of our media is astounding! What about Hillary s major corporate donors like GE for example, that have been working the loopholes in our tax system for decades? Does anyone care that Hillary has been taking money from some of America s biggest corporate tax dodgers for several years? Bernie Sanders recently outed the 10 biggest multinational corporations that paid no federal taxes for at least one year between 2008 and 2012. Sanders has made reining in corporate tax dodgers a key point of his presidential platform. In a recent press release, the Sanders campaign laid out the Vermont senator s plans to force multinational corporations to pay their fair share in taxes:As it turns out, all ten of those same companies are some of Hillary Clinton s biggest donors, whether to her campaign or to her family foundation.1. GENERAL ELECTRIC According to data from the nonpartisan group Citizens for Tax Justice (CTJ), GE posted $33.9 billion in U.S. profits, yet somehow got $2.9 billion in refunds in that same time period. According to the book Clinton Cash, then-Secretary of State Clinton lobbied the Algerian government for a GE power plant contract. After Algeria awarded the contract to GE, Jeffrey Immelt   CEO of GE   gave a donation to the Clinton Foundation. Sanders also pointed out that while Immelt sat on the board of the New York Federal Reserve, the Fed gave GE $16 billion in financial assistance.2. BOEING Boeing is one of the nation s biggest corporate tax dodgers, making over $20 billion in profits between 2008 and 2012 and paying an overall income tax rate of negative one percent during those years. Clinton Cash author Peter Schweizer noted that after Secretary Clinton successfully lobbied the Russian government to enter into a $3.7 billion contract to buy Boeing s aircraft, the aerospace company gave the Clinton Foundation a hefty donation of $900,000.3. VERIZON In the four years between 2008 and 2012, Verizon pocketed over $30 billion in profits and paid a tax rate of -1.8 percent, according to CTJ. The Sanders campaign s research claims that in 2012 alone, Verizon would have paid $630 million in income taxes had they been unable to stash U.S. profits in offshore tax havens.Verizon has given between $118,000 and $300,000 to the Clinton Foundation in recent years. And as Zaid Jilani reported in Alternet last year, Hillary Clinton is the favored candidate of numerous Verizon executives, many of whom have given the maximum donation to her 2016 effort:Verizon vice-presidents Lydia Pulley, Kathleen Grillo, and Donna Epps each gave $2,700 to Hillary for America. Verizon senior vice-president Thomas Edwards and vice-president Chris Debosier pitched in $1,000. Leecia Eve, a former Hillary staffer who today is a lobbyist for Verizon gave $2,700. Another Verizon lobbyist, David Lamendola, gave Hillary $1,000.To contrast, Sanders appeared at a rally for striking Verizon workers in New York City last year, demanding the company meet the workers  demands and admonishing its executives for the company s greedy practices.4. BANK OF AMERICA In 2010, Bank of America got a whopping $1.9 billion refund from the IRS despite making $4.4 billion in profit. And the Institute for Policy Studies reported that Bank of America has over 300 foreign subsidiaries in countries and territories universally known as tax havens, like the Cayman Islands and Bermuda.In his recent groundbreaking report for The Intercept, Jilani reported that Bank of America paid Hillary Clinton $225,000 in speaking fees after her tenure as Secretary of State.5. CITIGROUP Citigroup was the largest recipient of federal bailout money, getting an astonishing $2.5 trillion after the financial crisis even though they played a major role in the financial meltdown. Citi also paid $0 in federal income taxes in 2010 despite making profits in excess of $4 billion. Had the bank been unable to utilize offshore tax havens, it would have paid $11.5 billion in federal taxes in 2012.According to campaign finance database OpenSecrets.org, Citigroup is Hillary Clinton s top donor, having given over $824,000 in campaign contributions throughout her political career.6. PFIZER The Connecticut-based pharmaceutical giant is notorious for its tax avoidance strategies, paying $0 in federal income tax between 2010 and 2012 and getting a $2.2 billion tax refund despite posting $43 billion in global profits.Pfizer executives gave nearly $40,000 to Clinton s presidential campaign between April and September 2015. And Pfizer itself has given between $1 million and $5 million to the Clinton Foundation, according to donor records obtained by the Washington Times.7. FEDEX In 2011, FedEx made $2.7 billion in profit, yet they were given a $135 million tax refund from the IRS that same year. FedEx also receives $1 billion a year in corporate welfare from the U.S. Post Office   its chief competitor   to use its aircraft to transport U.S. mail.FedEx has given anywhere between $100,000 and $250,000 to the Clinton Foundation. The company was also one of four corporations to bundle a $2.5 million donation to Clinton s new diplomacy center (Boeing was another).8. HONEYWELL Despite making over $3 billion in combined profits between 2009 and 2010, Honeywell paid $0 in federal income taxes and got roughly $510 million in refunds. Honeywell CEO David Cote was also one of the loudest voices on the Fix The Debt campaign, calling for the Social Security and Medicare age to be raised to 70.Honeywell, a prominent weapons manufacturer, also gave $50,000 to the Clinton Foundation while Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State. At the same time, Honeywell and others had their weapons shipped to countries blasted by international watchdogs for their deplorable records on human rights.9. MERCK Merck is one of the nation s largest pharmaceutical companies and biggest tax dodgers   in 2009, Merck pocketed $5.7 billion in profits, yet paid $0 in federal taxes. Merck successfully got out of paying $18.69 billion in federal taxes in 2012 by stashing $53.4 billion of its U.S. profits in overseas tax havens.The Center for Responsive Politics reports that Merck donated between $250,000 and $500,000 to the Clinton Foundation after becoming a member of the Clinton Global Initiative in 2006. It also spent millions on lobbying the U.S. State Department during Hillary Clinton s tenure as Secretary of State.10. CORNING CTJ reports that between 2008 and 2012, Corning made over $3.4 billion in profits and got a $10 million tax refund, paying a 0.1 percent federal tax rate. The Sanders campaign pointed out that Corning CEO Wendell Weeks has called for the retirement age to be raised to 70, while he himself has a $22.8 million retirement account.While Clinton headed up the State Department, Corning lobbied heavily for multiple policies on which it stood to reap financial gains, including the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Clinton, in turn, lobbied China to lower tariffs on the type of goods manufactured by Corning. The company has also donated between $100,000 and $250,000 to the Clinton Foundation and paid the former Secretary of State $225,000 in speaking fees after she announced her presidential campaign. Via: U.S.Uncut",0
19886,WHOA! DEMOCRATIC Strategist Gives Crooked Hillary The Ultimate Smack Down,"The most unpopular, deplorable woman in America, and champion of Wall Street bankers gets a big smack down by Democratic Strategist Harlan Hill. Enjoy:FACT: Clintons take money + work for countries that have institutionalized abuses of women & murder of homosexuals. pic.twitter.com/5GDSwkRUvm  Harlan Z. Hill (@Harlan) September 6, 2016Here s what Harlan thinks about Hillary s chances of winning the election in November:Hillary lost the Obama + Sanders coalitions.If I'm right, she'll lose the election too.I went on record w/ @VarneyCo @FoxBusiness: pic.twitter.com/49hpiONrs5  Harlan Z. Hill (@Harlan) September 29, 2016",0
19887,NEW YORK TIMES Publishes Trump Tax Return From 20 Years Ago…TRUMP FIRES BACK!," In a lame effort to score political points for Hillary Clinton, the New York Times published a portion of Donald Trump s 1995 tax return. They re now promoting the idea that Trump  could have  not paid taxes for decades.  Could have  doesn t mean he did! Does anyone care that a man with a huge business empire might try and pay less taxes or work the tax system to his advantage? Isn t that what most people do and it s legal to do it! I would question Trump s sanity if he begged to pay more taxes! The front pages of the tax returns themselves are essentially a non-issue, representing the 1995 gross business loss incurred by candidate Donald Trump who operates a massive conglomeration of business entities.The anti-Trump political angle is easily identifiable within the extensive article use of:  could have ,  might be ,  may have , phrases used throughout the woven narrative. Journalistic  narratives  are rarely based on facts.The identified $916 million single year operating income loss is no different than current losses of Amazon, Facebook, Twitter and a host of other corporations and businesses.Actually, Donald Trump s 1995 loss is smaller than the operating loss the New York Times reported when it sold the Boston Globe in 2013 for a net loss of $1.03 billion.The Times purchased the Boston Globe in  93 for $1.1 billion and sold it in 2013 for $70 million, a loss of $1.03 billion. However, for some reason it s doubtful the Times will publish their own 2013 tax returns. That doesn t meet the political need.THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN RELEASED THIS STATEMENT:Read more: Conservative Treehouse",0
19888,"CUBA’S GETTING NUCLEAR Reactors From Putin, While Obama Campaigns For Hillary","As our limp-wristed President flies around on taxpayer funded Air Force One campaigning for Hillary, Putin sells Castro s Cuba nuclear technology.Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 5, 2016A Russian government-controlled company signed an agreement to sell nuclear technology to Cuba this week.Cuba plans to purchase nuclear medical technology, radiation research, training for nuclear specialists, and staff to help manage radioactive waste. Ultimately, the country may purchase nuclear reactors and storage space for nuclear waste from Russia.This is not the first time Cuba has attempted to build a nuclear reactor. With the help and financial assistance of the former Soviet Union, Cuba tried the to build two 440-megawatt nuclear power reactors near the city of Cienfuegos. Construction of the reactors began in 1983, but the collapse of the Soviet Union disrupted construction.Former Cuban President Fidel Castro says that the country invested $1.1 billion into the project, and cost estimates to complete the partially constructed reactors range from $300 million to $750 million. The U.S. government has consistently opposed Cuba s plans to build a nuclear reactor, although President Barack Obama recently normalized relations with the country.Read more: Daily Caller",0
19889,BREAKING: HISPANIC MEN (Cowards) BEAT WOMAN IN FRONT YARD…Steal Yard Sign…Post Sickening Video Online,Leftist pigs inspired by the hateful rhetoric of Hillary and Obama s party So this happened  A group of Hispanics drove around their city to steal Trump signs.One young woman resisted their thievery so they beat her in her front yard.Obama s America.https://twitter.com/AusAesthetics/status/782140974847832064,0
19890,OOPS! #DEPLORABLE HILLARY JUST GOT BUSTED Offending Half Of Her Base: Called Bernie Sanders Supporters Basement Dwellers [VIDEO],"First, Hillary offended half of America when she called them a  basket full of deplorables :Hello #BasementDwellers, you aren't the only ones Hillary has categorized and demonized. #BasketOfDeplorables pic.twitter.com/EOIhfmyWXt  Asa J   (@asamjulian) October 1, 2016Now she s offended half of the Democrat base with this latest video that has been uncovered.An audio recording has surfaced, revealing Hillary Clinton speaking critically about young voters supporting Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT), saying they ve bought into a  false promise.   It s a false promise,  Clinton says in the recording, referencing Sanders  political revolution.  But I don t think you tell idealistic people   particularly young people   that they ve bought into a false promise. The audio, which was released by the Washington Free Beacon, comes just three weeks after Clinton faced backlash for calling millions of Americans supporting Donald Trump  deplorables. The recording, which is from a fundraising event in February, catches the Democratic nominee calling Sanders  supporters  children of the Great Recession  that are  living in their parents  basement. There is a strain of, on the one hand, the kind of populist, nationalist, xenophobic, discriminatory kind of approach that we hear too much of from the Republican candidates,  Clinton states.Watch:Via: Breitbart News",0
19891,TV HOST CRACKS UP As Protester Shows Up During Live Segment…Screams “Bill Clinton Is A Rapist!” [VIDEO],"Apparently this protester believes Americans should think twice before putting an accused serial rapist back into our White House:Protestor on Fox & Friends shouts ""Bill Clinton is a rapist!"" #BasementDwellers pic.twitter.com/9DPsTLanQu  Asa J   (@asamjulian) October 1, 2016Hillary has a different name for these women that most of us consider  victims :",0
19892,MN Taxpayers To Pay Rent For African Refugees While Visiting Homeland…Freeing Them From Financial Burden,"We re just wondering if the state of MN has ever considered giving US veterans the same consideration? Or is this an exclusive offer given to African refugees because they contribute so much to our economy or wait do they? In the USA, 91.4% of Muslim  refugees  are on food stamps and 68.3% are taking Cash Welfare. Here s a chart to show how much refugees are contributing to the overall economy. Via: Senator Jeff SessionsThe Minneapolis Housing Authority passed legislation this week that will allow migrants to skip their monthly rent in Minnesota when they travel back home to East Africa.The move was sought by local East African immigrants. Immigrants traveling for 30 to 90 days could apply for a hardship which will reduce their rent to $75 a month while they are gone. The Star Tribune reported:Public housing residents in Minneapolis will no longer need to pay their normal monthly rent when travel abroad erases their income, a change particularly sought by East African immigrants.The board of the Minneapolis Public Housing Authority approved this week reverting to its previous policy of collecting only minimal rent during extended absences. The change takes effect once approved by federal housing officials, which is expected by year s end.Abdi Warsame, a City Council member, told the board that the policy in place for the past five years works a particular hardship on elderly East Africans who must save for long periods if they want to visit their homelands. He said that many receive federal Supplemental Security Income, which is halted when the recipient is outside the United States.Yet the policy required people to keep paying rent, which is income-based. Travelers gone for 30 to 90 days could apply for a hardship, which meant that they paid the minimum $75 monthly rent during their absence, but were required to make up the difference between that and their normal rent over the next year or two.  GP",0
19893,"HILLARY SUPPORTERS Launch VILE ATTACK On Woman Hillary “Threatened” For Coming Forward With Rape Allegations Against Bill Clinton: “Hillary should have beat her up, not ‘silenced’ her. Liar”","Alleged Bill Clinton sexual victim Juanita Broderick hit back after Chelsea Clinton complained that her parents were always being  attacked  and is some sort of  tradition.  Her parents being attacked is a tradition? What about your father s victims of sexual assault? Is that some sort of tradition?Following the debate, Trump told the press that he was holding back on bringing up Bill Clinton s sexual predator history out of respect for Chelsea being in the audience.Chelsea, who apparently is okay with her father receiving oral sex in the Oval Office, and her mother berating and threatening his alleged sexual abuse victims, had this to say about Trump: It s a distraction from his inability to talk about what s actually at stake in this election and to offer concrete, comprehensive proposals about the economy, or our public school system, or debt-free college, or keeping our country safe and Americans safe here at home and around the world. And candidly, I don t remember a time in my life when my parents and my family weren t being attacked, and so it just sort of seems to be in that tradition, unfortunately.   Juanita Broderick hit back after Chelsea s disgusting flippant attitude about a woman who claims (one of many who have bravely come forward to expose Bill Clinton after being sexually assaulted by him) she was raped by her father:1. Here is my response to Chelsea Clinton's statement about her father's sexual misdeeds  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 28, 20162. Chelsea you said you don't remember a time in your life that your parents weren't being attacked.  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 28, 20163. There's a very good reason for this your parents are not good people.  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 28, 20164 your father was, and probably still is, a sexual predator. Your mother has always lied and covered up for him.  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 28, 20165. I say again ""I was 35 when Bill Clinton Raped me and Hillary tried to silence me. I am now 73. It never goes away"".  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 28, 2016Here s the vile way people who are supporting the FEMALE candidate for President responded:Another foul mouth. And he's from Canada. pic.twitter.com/NmnJIIFcMz  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 30, 2016And this one wants me beaten pic.twitter.com/rCKPUyuROz  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 30, 2016Now this idiot is saying I have been in prison. pic.twitter.com/yMhKb1i1kb  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 30, 2016",0
19894,FBI DATA Shows Black-On-Black Murders Off The Charts During Obama Presidency…So Why Is Obama Chasing Cops From Black Neighborhoods?,"America has never seen two people living in the White House play the victim card with such frequency and with such passion. The truth of the matter is, Barack Obama and his race-obsessed wife will go down as two people who did less for the black community than any President in modern-day history.The data suggest that even as whites enjoy the benefits of improved public safety from the last two decades, blacks cannot do so in anything like the same way. In 2015, there was an overall 13 percent uptick in the murder tally compared to 2014, all of it concentrated in cities and neighborhoods where large numbers of black people live. Murder rose by more than 50 percent in Washington, D.C., and by 63 percent in Baltimore, which alone account for about 15 percent of the national increase.Black victims accounted for nearly two-thirds of the year-over-year increase, which translates to 944 additional black people murdered out of just under 1,500 additional victims nationwide. More than half of this increase (about 811 additional murders) came just from among blacks aged 17 to 39.Whatever the cause of last year s increase in murders, blacks were the only group represented so disproportionately within it. The number of Hispanic murder victims ticked up by 8 percent, about the same as the increase in white victims.These FBI data should alarm any person of good will who thinks that all black lives matter. They reveal a true and massive problem. The fact that most African-American murder victims were slain by other African-Americans (as most white victims are killed by other whites) should not lessen the appeal within the black community of a strong law and order message from political candidates. They would, after all, be the chief beneficiaries of strong law and order policies to precisely the same extent that they are currently the chief victims of rising violent crime.popThe data suggest that even as whites enjoy the benefits of improved public safety from the last two decades, blacks cannot do so in anything like the same way. In 2015, there was an overall 13 percent uptick in the murder tally compared to 2014, all of it concentrated in cities and neighborhoods where large numbers of black people live. Murder rose by more than 50 percent in Washington, D.C., and by 63 percent in Baltimore, which alone account for about 15 percent of the national increase.Black victims accounted for nearly two-thirds of the year-over-year increase, which translates to 944 additional black people murdered out of just under 1,500 additional victims nationwide. More than half of this increase (about 811 additional murders) came just from among blacks aged 17 to 39.Whatever the cause of last year s increase in murders, blacks were the only group represented so disproportionately within it. The number of Hispanic murder victims ticked up by 8 percent, about the same as the increase in white victims.Reuters   On the sidewalk of a public housing development in Brooklyn, New York notorious for gang violence and drug activity, the words  Fascist pig, go home!  in black spray paint are fading but still legible.These are the Marcy Houses, 27 brick H-block buildings, each six stories high, that are home to nearly 4,300 people, many of whom are black or Latino. The rapper Jay-Z, who grew up in the complex, described Marcy as  a block away from hell,  the place where  news cameras never come,  in a song called  Where I m From. In recent years, Marcy has had a group of very reliable visitors: the police, who patrol on foot and in cars as part of a controversial  broken windows  strategy that focuses on cracking down on small crimes to prevent bigger ones. Until three weeks ago, they had been an ever-present, highly visible presence in Marcy Houses.Now, the police have all but disappeared, raising safety concerns among some residents while pleasing others who view the police strategy as oppressive. A reporter saw only one police car on a visit on Thursday.These FBI data should alarm any person of good will who thinks that all black lives matter. They reveal a true and massive problem. The fact that most African-American murder victims were slain by other African-Americans (as most white victims are killed by other whites) should not lessen the appeal within the black community of a strong law and order message from political candidates. They would, after all, be the chief beneficiaries of strong law and order policies to precisely the same extent that they are currently the chief victims of rising violent crime. Via:Washington Examiner",0
19895,"WHAT WAS HE THINKING? DISHEVELED OBAMA YELLS From Air Force One At Bill Clinton: “Bill, Let’s Go!”", ,0
19896,THE TRUTH About Alicia Machado BLOWS UP…Backfires BIG-TIME On Hillary’s Dirty Campaign! [Video],Hillary should have done her homework before she chose this former Miss Universe to disparage Trump s character ,0
19897,"HILLARY COUGHING AGAIN, NEEDS ASSISTANCE WALKING At Tiny Rally In Ft. Pierce Florida [VIDEO]","Hillary fights back a cough at a tiny rally in Ft. Pierce, Florida:https://twitter.com/Always_Trump/status/781909679001706496Here she is starting to walk down the stairs when she realizes she needs assistance. Can someone get this liar a walker?Steps are the enemy of people with Parkinson's.#HillarysHealthpic.twitter.com/iEJgEBZAPB#ClintonScandals #FollowTheMoney@realDonaldTrump  Boca Vista (@bocavista2016) September 30, 2016Meanwhile, Trump is speaking to thousands of people packed into the Suburban Showcase in the blue state of MI, where people waited in the rain for hours to get the chance see him. ",0
19898,EMBARRASSING: THE VIEW’S Angry Femi-Nazi’s Are No Match For Trump’s Brilliant FEMALE Campaign Manager [VIDEO],"It s amazing these leftist hacks haven t been cancelled yet. Apparently there are still women out there with nothing better to do than watch a show about women who, for the most part consider themselves victims.Donald Trump s outstanding female campaign manger handles this pack of hyenas like a pro. Joy Behar and Whoopie Goldberg are both on the verge of needing emergency medical care they are so worked up about the success of Donald Trump with America voters. It s easy to see why Trump chose Kellyanne Conway after watching her performance.  After watching these vultures go after Kellyanne Conway, it s easy to see why Trump won t give them the time of day.Part II:",0
19899,MUSLIM WOMAN BUSTED Buying Soda With Food Stamps For Her Store: “My Name Is F*ck America!” [Video], ,0
19900,OUCH! WATCH: Sneaky Liberal Gets Electrocuted While Trying To Steal Trump Sign From Neighbors Lawn," Punishment is not for revenge, but to lessen crime and reform the criminal  -Elizabeth FryThis homeowner was apparently sick and tired of having his Trump sign stolen, so he provided a little booby-trap for the next sneaky liberal who attempted to steal his personal property. Enjoy:",0
19901,SICKENING: Obama Lectures Gold Star Mom…Islamic Terrorism Is “Manufactured” [VIDEO],"During Wednesday s Presidential Town Hall on CNN, President Obama was asked by Gold Star mother Tina Houchins why he doesn t use the term  Islamic terrorist,  which Obama stated was a  sort of manufactured  issue before outlining the reasons why he doesn t use the term.Houchins asked,  As a Gold Star mother, my son gave his life for acts of terrorism. Do you still believe that the acts of terrorism are done with a self-proclaimed Islamic religious motives? And if you do, why do you refuse to use the term racially   I m sorry,  Islamic terrorist?   BreitbartObama goes through the whole litany of horrific acts ISIS commits (all of which are condoned by the Quran) and insists that the ISLAMIC State of Iraq and Syria has NOTHING to do with Islam.Watch our Jack-Ass-In-Chief arrogantly address this Gold-Star mom with his defense of Islam:",0
19902,LIBERAL DUMMY GARY JOHNSON Can’t Name One Foreign Leader [VIDEO],"Maybe comedy is a better career choice for Gary Gary Johnson, the Libertarian nominee for president, had been raring for Wednesday night s  town hall  on MSNBC. He had been cut from the first televised debate after missing the polling threshold, and he had not been invited when the network hosted a  commander-in-chief forum  with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. This was their consolation prize,  Johnson told The Washington Post this week when asked about the MSNBC special.  It was put to us that, look, you weren t in this initial program. Here s what we d like to offer in lieu of being with the two major-party candidates. And I said,  An hour of prime time Chris Matthews? I ll take it.   But the hour didn t go as planned. Johnson, who had been pilloried for blanking on the relevance of the Syrian city of Aleppo in another MSNBC interview, whiffed his way through an even easier foreign policy question. Who s your favorite foreign leader?  Matthews asked. Who s my favorite?  Johnson replied. Anywhere in the continents,  Matthews said.  Any country. Name one foreign leader that you look up to. William Weld, Johnson s running mate, chimed in with an assist:  I m with Shimon Peres. I m talking about living, okay?  Matthews said.  You gotta do this. Any continent. Canada, Mexico? I guess I m having an Aleppo moment,  Johnson said. In the whole world!  Matthews said.  Anybody in the world. I know, I know,  Johnson said. Pick any leader,  Matthews said. The former president of Mexico,  Johnson said. Which one?  Matthews said. I m having a brain freeze,  Johnson said.Weld, who had left the governor s office in Massachusetts in an unsuccessful attempt to become ambassador to Mexico, began naming the country s former presidents.  Fox? Zedillo? Calderon? Fox,  Johnson said with a combination of jubilation and relief.  He was terrific. ",0
19903,IS OUR FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHT Being Stolen By Thugs? Young Man Saved By Cops After He Was Savagely Beaten By Black Lives Matter Mob For Wearing Trump Hat [VIDEO],***WARNING***This video is GRAPHIC!***,0
19904,HILLARY Calls On CRANKY SOCIALIST She Stole Election From To Sway Free Sh*t Voters [VIDEO],"Poor Bernie. He s been a public servant his whole life and what does he have to show for it? After Hillary stole the election from him, he still agreed to endorse her. Suddenly, Bernie had enough money to buy 3rd home on beautiful Lake Champlain, where the one-percenters Bernie rails against call home. What s in it for Bernie now? Why, after months of being silent, is he hitting the campaign trail for Hillary? Could he and his lovely wife be in the market for a 4th home? Perhaps he s vying a cabinet position? What about Secretary of Free Sh*t For Everyone? Who better for such a position than the self-described Socialist who rails against the 1%, while simultaneously enjoying the lifestyle of the rich and famous. Ahh the hypocrisy of the Left. There s nothing quite like it Hillary Clinton, campaigning here Wednesday with Sen. Bernie Sanders, worked to sway millennial voters by promoting a plan to make public college tuition-free for working families.In a University of New Hampshire gym packed with students, Clinton sought to connect with those facing sometimes insurmountable college debt. Clinton said that when she graduated from college herself, she repaid her loans as a percentage of her income, which allowed her to take a low-paying public service job with the Children s Defense Fund. I could never have done that if I had the kind of interest rates a lot of people are facing,  she told a crowd estimated at 1,200.  We are going to fix it. This is wrong. Clinton said when she taught law in Arkansas she met many students who scraped together money for tuition but were sidelined by financial hardships, including broken-down cars or child-care problems.Clinton noted that New Hampshire has the highest proportion of students with debt and the second-highest average debt per student. She said she aims to make public colleges and universities tuition-free for families earning less than $125,000 per year, to make community college free, and to help students refinance their college debt. When you add it up, our plan will help millions of people save thousands of dollars,  she said.  USA TodayYeah because giving people free sh*t that would normally cost tens of thousands and in some cases even hundreds of thousands of dollars to people who are unwilling to sacrifice and work hard to pay off their debt obligations, while asking hard-working Americans who can barely make their own ends meet, to pick up the students  tab is a great idea. That ought to go over real well with the working Americans you re asking to pay for your ridiculous vote getting scheme Hillary For anyone who has the stomach, here is their rally together in its entirety: ",0
19905,BOOM! SMUG NEWSPAPER EDITORS Endorse Hillary…Phone Lines Blow Up With Subscription CANCELLATIONS,"Smug liberal newspapers and tv networks have paid a heavy price  for their criticism of Trump. Americans think of Trump as the underdog in this race and there s nothing worse than piling on the underdog. For these liberal hacks who have been writing their leftist opinions as opposed to real news for decades, they re about to find out what it means to be considered irrelevant by their former readers The subscription cancellations were coming every 10 minutes. Angry readers have been calling in droves. We re feeling the weight of our history,  Phil Boas, the editorial page editor of The Arizona Republic, said in a telephone interview on Wednesday. Until it endorsed Hillary Clinton on Tuesday, the newspaper, founded in 1890, had never endorsed a Democrat over a Republican for president.In endorsing Mrs. Clinton, The Republic s editorial was, by any interpretation, scathing toward her opponent, Donald J. Trump.  Trump responds to criticism with the petulance of verbal spit wads,  the editorial says at one point.  That s beneath our national dignity. The papers lay out different reasons for supporting Mrs. Clinton over Mr. Trump   his lack of political experience versus her established political career, his outbursts and insults versus her steadiness   and some are perhaps more repudiations of Mr. Trump than glowing endorsements of Mrs. Clinton, whose faults are also cited.For some readers, however, the endorsements proved a step too far.  Certainly, we ve paid a price for our presidential recommendation,  Mike Wilson, the editor of The Dallas Morning News, told Poynter this month.Mr. Boas of The Arizona Republic said he expected  a lot of cancellations,  pointing to cancellations at The Cincinnati Enquirer, which like The Republic, is owned by Gannett.But he said financial considerations were  never a factor  for the newspaper s nine-person editorial board.  It was more of a curiosity,  he said.  We know we re doing the right thing. We feel very good about this decision.  New York TimesGood luck with that whole  feeling good  thing when your paper is shut down because you can t pay your liberal editors ",0
19906,HILLARY SUPPORTER AND MUSLIM IMMIGRANT Who Shot Up Mall Voted In Last 3 Elections…Isn’t An American Citizen [VIDEO],"This story is a perfect example of why Barack and Hillary are in such a big hurry to bring foreigners into our country. It doesn t matter if American citizens are on the hook to support them and their extended families for decades to come. What matters is how they vote, and it s pretty clear by this discovery about this Muslim immigrant, he not only supports Hillary, he s been ILLEGALLY voting in the last 3 elections!The Cascade Mall shooting suspect, Arcan Cetin, may face an additional investigation related to his voting record and citizenship status.Federal sources confirm to KING 5 that Cetin was not a U.S. citizen, meaning legally he cannot vote. However, state records show Cetin registered to vote in 2014 and participated in three election cycles, including the May presidential primary.Cetin, who immigrated to the United States from Turkey as a child, is considered a permanent resident or green card holder. While a permanent resident can apply for U.S. citizenship after a certain period of time, sources tell KING his status had not changed from green card holder to U.S. citizen.",0
19907,"ENABLERS WHO LIVE IN GLASS HOUSES…Why Hillary Embracing Porn Star, Former Beauty Queen Will Backfire","The woman whose husband made several trips to pedophile island with his convicted pedophile friend, billionaire Jeffrey Epstein mocks Trump for  liking to be around beauty contests ? Hillary used what she thought would be a good zinger against Trump during the debate when she boldly stated,  He loves beauty contests, supporting them and hanging around with them.  Really Hillary? Don t you wish your own husband limited his desire for other women to simply enjoying being around them? Think of how many less women you d have to threaten to keep quiet if Bill only looked at other women and didn t actually sexually assault them.Hillary Clinton s new anti-Trump poster child is literally a porn star who was accused of driving the getaway vehicle for a murder attempt and later threatening to kill a judge.But the media is saying Trump is the villain of the piece because he once said she was overweight (despite CNN reporting the same thing).Let that sink in.Hillary brought up Alicia Machado, who won the Miss Universe pageant owned by Trump in 1996, during the debate on Monday night, claiming that Trump once called her  Miss Piggy  because she gained a lot of weight while representing the pageant.The whole stunt was designed to play into Hillary s  feminist  image and portray Trump as anti-women.Donald Trump once called a woman overweight vs Hillary Clinton repeatedly threatening Bill Clinton s sexual abuse victims.Which story is the media interested in and which one won t they touch? No prizes for guessing the correct answer.But that s not even the worst part of it.Machado, who is now a fully signed up Hillary campaign surrogate, was accused of driving a getaway car to aid her boyfriend in a plot to murder his brother-in-law at the funeral of the dead man s wife and then threatening to kill the judge who was in charge of convicting Juan Rodriguez Reggeti.Despite giving conflicting stories on where she was at the time, the judge said there was insufficient evidence to prove she was at the scene of the crime.When CNN s Anderson Cooper confronted Machado with her own sordid past, she didn t try to deny it, simply waving her hand and scoffing,  I have my past, everybody has a past, I m not a saint. ",0
19908,NEW YORK MAN SHOCKED To Discover Who Was Stealing His Trump Signs: ‘This is supposed to be the United States’,"A New York man was stunned this week to find out who stole his Donald Trump yard signs   the former vice president of academic affairs at a local college.Charlie Tulumello of Amherst put recording equipment in his yard after pro-Trump yard signs kept disappearing in the middle of the night. Seven signs in total disappeared before the culprit   former Keuka College administrator Norman Muir   was finally caught.  The first ones I thought maybe they were kids, pranks,  Mr. Tulumello told a local CBS News affiliate Monday.  This is supposed to be the United States of America. Free speech. Those things are not supposed to be done.  Mr. Tulumello told the station that his wife was  uneasy  at night as the theft continued, so he put up a special sign warning people to stay off his property.  Didn t work. This fella just kept coming,  the New Yorker said.  I was aggravated, angry. This person comes up on my property in the middle of the night. You don t know what to think. I mean, these are stupid signs, but you re coming onto my property in the middle of the night, stealing. That s not right. Via: WT",0
19909,REAL-TIME DEBATE Graph Shows Trump CRUSHED Hillary With Independent Voters…A MUST WATCH!,"This unbelievable graph should put the question of,  Who won the independent vote during the first debate  to bed Frank Luntz was tracking real-time views of independent voters  reactions to Hillary and Trump during the debate on Monday night. Watch what happens to Hillary s green line when she speaks vs. Trump s red line when he speaks.This is how  undecided  American voters really feel:Watch the ""undecided"" line when Hillary talks vs. when Trump talks.Trump is really winning tonight. #DebateNight pic.twitter.com/RTieC8dlKC  Frank Luntz (@FrankLuntz) September 27, 2016",0
19910,"TRUMP SUPPORTERS REACT TO DEBATE: “Clinton News Network (CNN) no longer picks our President”…Florida Gives Trump ROCK STAR Treatment…Fire Marshall Turns 12,000 Away","MELBOURNE, FL is a town with a population of 76,000. Trump held an enormous rally there yesterday, and over 15,000 people had to be turned away.Unbelievable evening in Melbourne, Florida w/ 15,000 supporters- and an additional 12,000 who could not get in. Thank you! #TrumpTrain #MAGA pic.twitter.com/2N3Xq7AGmx  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 28, 2016""Post Debate Surge""   media will be very upset. Look at this sea of ppl yesterday. Ppl get it. pic.twitter.com/RX0XVw18gg  Juliana Stone (@AY4WEB) September 28, 2016Trump patriots honor our flag:Janna Ivey, the Brevard sheriff's daughter, sings the national anthem during the @FlyMLB Trump rally #321Vote @Florida_Today pic.twitter.com/GBSKapRG1C  Rick Neale (@RickNeale1) September 27, 2016Watch hundreds of Trump fans rush from behind barricades to get into the rally:Authorities cut off the Trump entry line, and hundreds of people rushed forward from behind barricades #321Vote @Florida_Today pic.twitter.com/9it8El9C3S  Rick Neale (@RickNeale1) September 27, 2016https://twitter.com/rgcdm/status/781093464389787649Even the young Trump supporter is not buying into the media s bias:Mainstream media will be losing their mind over Trump's post debate surge! Trump won big in the debate in many polls. Landslide coming!  MAGA (@steve0m2) September 28, 2016Hillary Clinton on the other hand had barely 400 people at her rally Tuesday in Raleigh, North Carolina.Since August 1st when both parties  conventions concluded, Trump has had more than 312,000 people at his events with thousands turned away due to space limitations. He has set records for some of these locations in attendance. However, Hillary has only had 12,000 total at her rallies since August 1st. Gateway Pundit",0
19911,“LIE” WITNESS NEWS: JIMMY KIMMEL SHOW Asks People What They Thought Of Debate…DAY BEFORE Debates Happened [VIDEOS],"It s hard to imagine so many people would lie to the this reporter about a debate they never saw. But we are living in the  Age of Hillary  where lying is perfectly acceptable if you re attempting to reach a lifelong goal of breaking a glass ceiling (or 13 cellphones) with a hammer!Not that we re keeping score, but only one of these liars was a Trump supporter.Enjoy!",0
19912,WHOA! Medical Expert Watching Debate Exposes ANOTHER Telltale Sign Hillary Likely Has PARKINSON’S DISEASE [VIDEO],"How many more symptoms need to be uncovered before Hillary comes clean? Why would anyone want to take on the position of Commander In Chief if they aren t even well enough to walk without assistance? In the tunnel to Clinton s vehicle after the debate, Secret Service used pointer flash lights pointing at the ground in front of Clinton s feet (watch carefully) in order to guide Hillary through the tunnel to/into her vehicle.Hillary entered the opposite (hidden side) of vehicle so the camera cannot see her entry.Pointer or Laser lights are used for Parkinson s patients. Dr. Ted Noel discussed pointers used for Parkinson s patients in a recent video:No lasers were used to assist Trump into or around his vehicle by secret service:Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
19913,THINGS GET UGLY When White Guy Tries Social Experiment In Wrong Neighborhood: Asks People What They Think Of “All Lives Matter” Sign [VIDEO],"In this video White people are asked how they feel about the  Black Lives Matter  sign. While they may not agree with its sentiment for whatever reason, they walk away and choose not to engage the sign holder, allowing him his right to freedom of speech. They may not agree, but they respect that he is within his rights to hold the sign or even to question them about it. When Blacks are confronted with an  All Lives Matter  sign, their reaction becomes violent. They attempt to threaten the white guy with the sign. One guy was even nice enough to warn him that holding a sign that says,  White Lives Matter  might cause people passing by to harm him.This little social experiment tells us more than just how people feel about those words. It shows us how people on the Left are not only willing to openly shut down free speech in America, but they threaten you with violence if you don t conform to their beliefs. This is a real problem today. Obama has silently condoned the use of physical violence to threaten someone who doesn t agree with you. He has made it clear by his unwillingness to condemn the violence that you need to take whatever steps necessary to shut down the opposition to your cause, and that the end always justifies the means.Watch:",0
19914,"NEW NORMAL? PARENTING MAGAZINE Warns “Ordinary Parents” Must Take Action Against “Blonde, Cheerful” Families…Could Be “Dangerous Right-Wingers”","Wow just wow! This is what happens when political candidates divide nations by color to secure minority voting blocks, while White people are shamed into going along with a divisive, mean-spirited movement Parenting magazine Baby & Family has told readers to beware of families who are  inconspicuous  and  cheerful , as these warning signs indicate they are right wing and thus  dangerous . Depicted with illustrations featuring solely blonde women and children, the report says ordinary parents must take action against right-wing families and make clear that their ideology has no place in the world.Asserting that the term  right wing   stirs up anxiety  and brings to mind  burning refugee homes , skinheads, and the National Socialist Underground (NSU) group who carried out a string of violent attacks on foreign people, Baby & Family notes that people  rarely connect it with women, family and children .This, the high-circulation German magazine declares,  is precisely the great risk  as such people are just as dangerous if not more so as gangs of Nazi skinheads. The identifying features of right-wing families, it contends, are that they are  inconspicuous, blond, cute and engaged . First of all, [right-wing families] are nice and dedicated  Michaela K ttig, sociologist and researcher of right-wing extremism at the Frankfurt University of Applied Sciences, alleges.Researcher of right-wing politics, Eva Prausner, says a huge danger of right-wing families is that they seem normal.Because of this, she says many parents will already have established good relations with them to the point that they  are no longer marginalised and at worst, get support .While there are different types of right-wing families, Baby & Family asserts that daycare centres should always seek help when dealing with them.Despite asserting that such children are not outspoken, the  experts  wheeled out by the magazine warn that a sinister aspect of right-wing parenting is that they instil self-confidence in their progeny.They do this, Prausner posits, in hope that  their offspring will later confidently carry their ideology into the world .K ttig explains that right-wing families are not unlike ordinary families in that they teach their own values. The important difference with extreme right-wing groups, however, is that these values are  strongly geared at Germanic customs and traditions .Mothers and fathers should get involved in the parents  council to take action against right-wing parents, Baby & Family notes. They should  not be afraid to confront [right-wing parents] directly , it states.For entire story: Breitbart News ",0
19915,SMOKING [STOLEN] GUN…Wife Of Keith Scott: “He kicked me and threaten to kill us last night with his gun” [VIDEO]," Don t shoot him, don t shoot him he has no weapon. Keith Lamont Scott s wifeThe media couldn t play and re-play the video that shows distressed wife of Keith Lamont Scott demanding her husband didn t have a gun. Did anyone in the  news  room consider looking into the background of the now deceased man with a loaded, stolen gun, that was covered with his fingerprints?Finally one week later the media begins to look into the troubled back story of Keith Lamont Scott, the man killed by police during a highly publicized armed encounter in Charlotte North Carolina which led to four days of riots and social unrest.What do they find:Charlotte [ ] Records show briefly last year, Scott s wife took out a restraining order against him.The protective order was filed Oct. 5, 2015, and Rakeyia Scott voluntarily dismissed it on Oct. 16, 2015.  Conservative TreehouseAdditionally, according to WSCOTV:(6:00pm Sept 26th) [ ] The gun that Keith Scott had on him during the deadly shooting was reported stolen after a breaking and entering, police said.The breaking and entering suspect told ATF Agents that he sold the gun to Scott. The suspect is in custody.Three Days Ago: The Charlotte North Carolina police department have released Dash Camera and Body Camera footage of the Keith Scott shooting. This is the fifth video (3 eye witnesses and two police releases):The Charlotte Police also released pictures of the hand gun recovered from Keith Scott, and the ankle holster he was wearing (holster can be seen in video), along with the following statement:There have been numerous unconfirmed reports published in the media concerning this case. The Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department has prepared the following case update to provide factual information about the officer-involved shooting.Two plain clothes officers were sitting inside of their unmarked police vehicle preparing to serve an arrest warrant in the parking lot of The Village at College Downs, when a white SUV pulled in and parked beside of them.The officers observed the driver, later identified as Mr. Keith Lamont Scott, rolling what they believed to be a marijuana  blunt.  Officers did not consider Mr. Scott s drug activity to be a priority at the time and they resumed the warrant operation. A short time later, Officer Vinson observed Mr. Scott hold a gun up.Because of that, the officers had probable cause to arrest him for the drug violation and to further investigate Mr. Scott being in possession of the gun.Due to the combination of illegal drugs and the gun Mr. Scott had in his possession, officers decided to take enforcement action for public safety concerns. Officers departed the immediate area to outfit themselves with marked duty vests and equipment that would clearly identify them as police officers.Upon returning, the officers again witnessed Mr. Scott in possession of a gun. The officers immediately identified themselves as police officers and gave clear, loud and repeated verbal commands to drop the gun. Mr. Scott refused to follow the officers repeated verbal commands.A uniformed officer in a marked patrol vehicle arrived to assist the officers. The uniformed officer utilized his baton to attempt to breach the front passenger window in an effort to arrest Mr. Scott.Mr. Scott then exited the vehicle with the gun and backed away from the vehicle while continuing to ignore officers  repeated loud verbal commands to drop the gun. Officer Vinson perceived Mr. Scott s actions and movements as an imminent physical threat to himself and the other officers. Officer Vinson fired his issued service weapon, striking Mr. Scott. Officers immediately rendered first aid and requested Medic to respond to the scene.Homicide Unit Detectives interviewed multiple independent civilian witnesses at the scene and at police headquarters. Those witnesses confirmed that officers gave numerous loud verbal commands for Mr. Scott to drop the weapon and also confirmed that at no time did Mr. Scott comply with their commands.A lab analysis conducted of the gun crime scene investigators recovered at the scene revealed the presence of Mr. Scott s DNA and his fingerprints on the gun. It was also determined that the gun Mr. Scott possessed was loaded at the time of the encounter with the officers. The investigation also revealed that Mr. Scott was wearing an ankle holster at the time of the event.Attached are photos of the gun, ankle holster and marijuana  blunt  in Mr. Scott s possession at the time of the incident. Additionally, links to the portion of the digital mobile video recorder (dash-cam) and body worn camera footage that capture the time of the shooting are included below.The body worn camera illustrates the footage from the moment it was turned on until officers began rendering first aid to Mr. ScottThe dash-cam footage is from the time in which the officer operating the car with the dash-cam video arrives on the scene until officers began rendering first aid to Mr. Scott. Via: BNO news",0
19916,TONIGHT’S FIRST PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE: What Time? Where To Watch…And MORE Inside Scoop,"Debate officials have released the details of Monday night s presidential debate between Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump.This be will the country s first chance to see the candidates go 1-on-1 and answer questions on key issues, including immigration, health care, gun control, abortion rights and foreign policy.Here is a look at what to know for the first 2016 presidential debate:WHAT TIME IS THE PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE TONIGHT? The event begins at 9 o clock Eastern time and will run 90 minutes.WHAT CHANNEL IS THE PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE ON? The debate will be broadcast on all the major television networks (ABC, CBS, FOX, NBC, PBS, Telemundo, Univision) and cable outlets (CNBS, CNN, C-SPAN Fox News, Fox Business, MSNBC).HOW CAN YOU WATCH THE DEBATE ONLINE? Facebook and Twitter will both live stream the event. So will all the networks and cable news outlets, as well as the Daily Caller, the Huffington Post, Hulu, Politico, the Wall Street Journal, and Yahoo.NJ.com will be hosting live updates and a discussion.WHERE IS THE PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE? Clinton and Trump will share a stage at the David S. Mach Sports and Exhibition Complex at Hofstra University on Long Island, N.Y.WHO IS THE MODERATOR OF THE DEBATE? Lester Holt, the host of NBC s  Nightly News. WHO IS DEBATING TONIGHT? Only Clinton and Trump. Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson, Green Party candidate Jill Stein, and independent candidate Evan Mcmullen did not meet the criteria to qualify   which was essentially to be at 15 percent in recent national polls. Via: nj.comThe 90-minute debate will be broken into six, 15 minute  pods,  the Commission on Presidential Debates announced on Sunday.Clinton s podium will be stage left and Trump s podium will be stage right, the CPD said.LIARS FIRST:Clinton will receive the first question. She will have two minutes to answer and Trump will have two minutes to respond.That will be followed by 10 minutes of open conversation and debate.Some of the rules were made by agreement between the campaigns and some were decided by coin toss   but CPD wouldn t say which ones.The debate will be held before an audience of 1,000 viewers in the hall. The three largest ticket blocks are going to the two campaigns and Hofstra. The university said they are giving all of their tickets to students, which they say they also did in 2008 and 2012. Via: NBC News ",0
19917,LOL! Leftist CA Congresswoman On Tonight’s Debate: Debate Moderator Needs To Help Hillary…Media Isn’t Doing Enough For Her [VIDEO],"The Democrats are in full panic-mode over Crooked Hillary as she continues to plummet in the polls. Liberal CA Congresswoman, Maxine Waters is hilarious in this interview with and MSNBC host Tamron Hall, as she attempts to blame Hillary s media cheerleaders because Americans don t trust Hillary! LOL There s a reason why people from all over the world will be tuning in tonight to watch what is certain to be an epic presidential debate. The match up between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump is so popular because it reminds us of an age-old formula that has been selling movies and books for years, the underdog vs. the evil villain. There s something very satisfying about watching the underdog take down an evil villainess who s managed to escape the law for decades.There s something equally as satisfying watching lying liberals attempt to circle the wagons around the most corrupt candidate to ever run for office and blame of all people wait for it the media!",0
19918,"FLASHBACK: MALCOLM X On Blacks Who Keep Voting For Democrats Who Lie To Them: You’re not only a chump, but you’re a traitor to your race”"," The Democrats have been in Washington DC only because of the negro vote. You put them first, and they put you last. Because you re a chump. A political chump.    Malcolm XIf Malcolm X were alive today, how would he feel about our first  Black President ? How would he feel about Obama encouraging millions of illegal aliens and refugees to come to America and take the jobs of millions of unemployed Americans struggling to find work? The truth of the matter is, Obama will go down as the worst President in history for Blacks in America. While we definitely don t agree with some of the positions Malcolm X took, we do agree that the Democrats have been selling the black community a bill of goods for decades. Perhaps it s time to get off the Democrat Plantation and vote for a candidate who genuinely wants to put every unemployed black citizens back to work. Perhaps its time for someone with no political ties to come in and clean Obama s corrupted house. Larry Elder had a fascinating column discussing Malcolm X and how he really felt about the Democratic Party and black people who voted in lockstep with this party. He even goes on to show how the Democrats have continued to destroy almost every aspect of the black family and how their policies are exactly against what Malcolm X had been advocating.Back in 1964, the black community gave 80 percent of their vote to the Democratic Party. As a result of this, Malcolm X called them  political chumps.  Why? Because the black community had been betrayed by the Democrats. The white vote was so close that they always need to go back and recount, which means that if black people were to stick together, they have the power of determining who is ultimately elected. Still, the Democrats failed to deliver on a promised civil rights bill because they correctly anticipated that they could still count on the black vote and their blind support in the next election.https://youtu.be/7BYVv4LY_KQStrong words indeed. But it also begs the question of what would Malcolm X think about the situation today? Today, it is even worse, with about 90 to 95 percent of the black vote being in lockstep with the Democratic Party. Yet, the Democrats have not kept their promises of family stability, education, and job creation.Over the last 50 years, the black community and its family unity has been completely destroyed. Even when slavery prevented marriage, a black child was more likely to be raised in a  home  with their biological mother and father than today. According to economist Walter Williams, during the period of 1890-1940 a black child was slightly more likely to grow up with married parents than a white child.Back in 1965, 24 percent of black babies were born to unmarried mothers. Then, the  War on Poverty  began and today this number is up to 72 percent. Interesting to see that the more money we supposedly threw at helping the black family, the worse things have become. Plus, it has not helped to reduce the rate of poverty, either. Since 1965 the government has spent nearly $20 trillion fighting poverty. When this started, the poverty rate was 17 percent. After this spending started, the rate began to flat line (it had been consistently going down since 1949 before this) because people learned that they could marry the government and that men could abandon their financial and moral responsibility.Malcolm X was also fond of pointing out how he learned from a good library. Wonder how he would feel today about the Democratic opposition to school vouchers, allowing money to follow the student rather than the school? Urban schools, with predominantly black students, have unquestionably failed. They continue churning out kids who cannot read, write, and compute. The drop out rate approaches 50 percent in some districts. Teachers even send their own kids to private schools.Plus, there is 14 percent black unemployment thanks to our wonderful community organizer in chief. Heck, Emanuel Cleaver (Dem, MO), former chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, has admitted that if this had happened under a white president, there would be hell to pay but Obama knows that blacks are going to show him more slack since he black himself.All of this is interesting to think about. It shows us just exactly what the Democrats really think of the black community. They have never been about actually doing something to help and improve the lives of their constituents. Rather, they are only focused on increasing their power. Starting with Kennedy and LBJ, the whole idea was to trap the black vote in a cycle of dependence so that they would need to rely on the government for everything.  DownTrend ",0
19919,"COMMUNIST George Soros Says Trump Will Win Popular Vote In Landslide, But Hillary Wins Presidency…HUH? [VIDEO]",George Soros:  Here I have to confess to a little bit of bias.  Ya think? The popular vote will be a landslide  [for Trump]. But I don t think Trump has any chance of being elected. https://youtu.be/VKGiHWzxHKI,0
19920,MINORITIES TURN ON OBAMA…BLAST HIS “LEGACY”: “I Voted For Your Black Ass…Is That Your Legacy…Obamaphones…Transgendered Toilets?” [VIDEO]," Barry, the Democratic party has done nothing for the black American. Your presidency has proved that. And you re going to call us disrespectful if we don t vote for Hillary? I m insulted you even asked Barry. https://twitter.com/hectormorenco/status/780254967273693185Obama's Legacy: Almost 8 years of Violence, rioting, looting & burning down communities. Time 4 real change. Everyone Should vote Trump!  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) September 22, 2016Obama's legacy of hate and racism is about to end, in 50 days @POTUS  MT Gilbert (@tponews) September 20, 2016Since Obama has come into office terrorist attacks and race riots have become a regular occurrence. Hillary will only continue this legacy.  Hispanics for Trump (@HispanicsTrump) September 23, 2016Here s angry Obama threatening the Black community to vote for him:https://twitter.com/P0TUSTrump/status/777707415601049600Here is a brilliant response to Obama s threat by an outspoken black critic of Obama s insulting presidency:Here are more responses to Obama s angry demand that minorities support Hillary, lest he be  insulted .LOL!SeriouslyWe're not slaves anymore. No Obama, we're not voting for Clinton bc of your legacy honey. Put the pipe down #CrackIsWack  RejoiceMagazine.net (@TemiaBrinson) September 19, 2016Obama claims that Trump is out to ruin his legacy, no honey, Trump is out to #MAGA. You ruined your own legacy by being a terrible president  Black Women 4 Trump (@TallahForTrump) September 18, 2016I'm insulted by Obama more concerned about his damn legacy! What? Transgendered toilets?  Ex-Dem Latina (@terrymendozer) September 19, 2016https://twitter.com/P0TUSTrump/status/776625654762725376As an added bonus, we ve included a few additional remarks from American voters about Barack s legacy:LIST: The Race Riots  https://t.co/lM7Kye9lxw  DRUDGE REPORT (@DRUDGE_REPORT) September 25, 2016https://twitter.com/CajunKangaroo/status/779830457445781504You cut a deal to ransom Americans from Iran, Obama.You funnelled > a BILLION dollars to our ENEMY.This is your 'legacy?'Enjoy.  Linda Suhler, Ph.D. (@LindaSuhler) September 23, 2016https://twitter.com/NolteNC/status/780001984522977280Obamacare is imploding, Obama.In six years you single-handedly destroyed America's healthcare system.Some 'legacy.'Enjoy.  Linda Suhler, Ph.D. (@LindaSuhler) September 23, 2016Let us know if we missed anything in the comment section below. ",0
19921,LIBERTARIAN PRESIDENTIAL Candidate GARY JOHNSON Embraces Every Manufactured Liberal Crisis: Black Lives Matter…Global Warming…Colonization On Mars [VIDEO],"Wow! Moonbeam Johnson addresses three issues he feels are very pressing! It s very scary to think 5-7% of Americans say they d vote for him if the election was held today Johnson claims things have never been better in America:  We get along with each other better that ever.  LOL!Sunday on ABC s  This Week,  Libertarian presidential candidate and former governor of New Mexico Gary Johnson called for space colonization as an answer for global warming by saying,  the fact that we do have to inhabit other planets. I mean the future of the human race is of   is space exploration. Partial transcript as follows:STEPHANOPOULOS: Let me ask you one final question, you ve said you re for free markets and you re against government regulation. And this   and this week, a   a comment circulated that you made in 2011, where you said we have to think about climate change as a long-term issue. And here s what you said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNSON: I think that we should. And the long-term view is, is that in billions of years, the sun is going to actually grow and encompass the Earth, right? So global warming is in our   in our future. -Via Breitbart(END VIDEO CLIP)https://youtu.be/GcwFk7rqGQo",0
19922,OBAMA Made CHRISTIAN Pastor Pay For His Own Ticket Home After Iran Got Secret $1.7 Billion Ransom For His Release,"Just when you thought there was nothing Barack Hussein Obama could do to shock you this Christian pastor s story is revealed. How much money does an American who spends 3 1/2 years in an Iranian prison leave with? Enough for a one-way ticket home to the U.S?Iranian president Hassan Rouhani spoke before the United Nations General Assembly Thursday despite protests from Iranian-Americans who feel Iran s human rights situation has worsened after sanctions were modified earlier this year.Pastor Saeed Abedini, one of four American hostages released from Iran in January, shared his disbelief of Rouhani s annual speech during an interview with FOX Business Network s Trish Regan. I was just telling people that imagine leader of ISIS come to the United States after 30 years of all the executions that they did and leaders of the world shaking his hand. It s unbelievable,  Abedini said.Iranian-American Pastor Saeed Abedini, who spent three-and-a-half years in Iranian prisons before being released in January, claims that the United States government wouldn t pay for a return flight home even though his family faced serious financial issues.Abedini said he and other hostages were left to fend for themselves after flying from Iran to Germany when they were released after the Obama Administration s $400 million payment to Iran.The United States  sent Iran $400 million in debt plus $1.3 billion in interest, and the money was disbursed as a ransom payment for four American hostages of the Islamic regime, a top Iranian commander said Wednesday afternoon. Therefore, the U.S. paid the Iranian regime $425 million dollars per American hostage, according to the commander.After spending a few days in a hospital in Germany, Adedini was surprised to hear that he needed to buy his own plane ticket home. We were actually all shocked because I came out; I just had prison clothes and [they] just told us you need to buy your own ticket. Abedini said he was physically and psychologically tortured in the Iranian prison to the point where his stomach was bleeding for months from all the beatings. The whole last three to five years that I was there, it was just torturing, it was so hard,  Abiding said. Via: Downtrend",0
19923,H.S. Football Team Stages “Die-In” To Show Support For Kaepernick’s “Disrespect the Flag” Movement…While American Soldiers Are Dying For Freedoms Our Flag Represents,"Some 2,500 Americans Have Died in Afghanistan and Iraq Under Obama. Under Obama, America has been at war for longer than under any other U.S. president. When is the last time you heard those statistics mentioned by our Leftist media?Somewhere along the way, Obama decided that winning (or ending) the wars in the middle east was less important than starting a full-blown race war in America. Does anyone care that Hillary is openly advocating to carry on his legacy of hate and division over concern for our military or our national security?This is Obama s legacy A California high school football team staged a bizarre  die-in  to protest the singing of the national anthem.Kaepernick came to Oakland, CA. He kneeled on one knee, players laid on their back with hands up during the Anthem. pic.twitter.com/Cae4sTopac  Kirk Morrison (@kirkmorrison) September 24, 2016The Castlemont High School Knights, based in Oakland, engaged in shameful display of anti-American behavior. It happened during a Friday night football game.Disgraced NFL Colin Kaepernick was on hand to encourage the children to disrespect America and the U.S. Armed Forces. I had to come out here and stand with y all,  he said in remarks covered by the Mercury News.  So I appreciate what y all did. I love y all. Y all my brothers   I m here with you. But instead of collapsing on the ground with the children, Kaepernick simply took a knee. I guess he didn t want to get grass stains on his hoodie.  Todd StarnesOh and by the way these punks lost their game. They also lost the respect of anyone who watched their disgusting anti-American behavior.High-school players take anthem demonstration to another level, with @Kaepernick7 present, via @kirkmorrison https://t.co/BGD8q2wJ75  ProFootballTalk (@ProFootballTalk) September 24, 2016",0
19924,3 WORKERS At Major Chain Store REFUSE To Make “Racist” Cake For Cop,"We are witnessing the slow death of political correctness in America. Americans are waking up to this nonsense and we will no longer stand for the Left defining what is acceptable behavior or choosing the words we are allowed to use. This woman did the right thing by exposing these Walmart workers in GA. We must not retreat or roll over for these social justice warriors. We must expose them every time they attempt to control the narrative. We are in a war for our constitutional rights. We must never back down from this fight Three Walmart workers in McDonough, Ga., refused to decorate a  thin blue line  cake for a police officer s retirement party because they said it was racist.A number of my Georgia readers alerted me to the story and on Saturday night I spoke directly with the police officer s daughter. She asked that I not divulge her name and I ve agreed to do that.I was so shocked,  she told me.  I didn t know what to do or say or anything. I was trying not to lose my temper or make a scene. For the record, Walmart has confessed that most of her allegations are true.The police officer s daughter went to the Walmart on Willow Drive on Sept. 22 to order a flag for her father s retirement party. He was leaving the force after 25-years on the job.She showed the bakers a photograph of the police officer s flag   the black and white version of Old Glory with a blue line.Order Todd s  I m a Gun-toting, Bible-clinging, Patriotic American  shirt   It repels liberals! One of the bakers told me the design could be perceived as racist and nobody feels comfortable decorating the cake,  the police officer s daughter told me.As an alternative, she suggested a chocolate-frosted cake with a horizontal, frosted blue line.But that design was also rejected by Walmart s cake decorator. She said,  I don t feel comfortable doing this,  the cop s daughter told me.  I asked her,  Is there something wrong with cops? After being rejected for a third time, the 21-year-old told the bakers,  I ll find another bakery, thank you. She was much more polite than I would ve been, folks. I was disappointed,  she told me.  I go to Walmart all the time   at least once a week spend hundreds of dollars. I just wanted to make my dad a cake to show how much i appreciated him. A friend of the family posted an item about the incident on Facebook and it wasn t long before the Walmart store manager called the police officer s wife and daughter   and apologized. He said he was so sorry,  the daughter told me.  He offered to make the cake free of charge and he gave me a $50 gift card. Todd Starnes, FOX News",0
19925,AFRICAN-AMERICAN MUSEUM GRAND OPENING IRONY: WATCH Police VIOLATE RIGHTS Of Protester Exposing Hillary’s Racist Remarks,"This is just stunning! Free speech in our nations capitol under Obamas reign is now determined by your political bent Live video archived at Periscope shows U.S. Park Police officers detaining and searching a peaceful anti-Hillary Clinton demonstrator in the area of the opening ceremony for the National Museum of African-American History on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. Saturday afternoon.Here is the video the protester is referring to with his sign, where Hillary refers to young black men as  super predators  and suggests we  need to bring them to heel. Trump supporter Jack Posobiec went to the Mall dressed in an orange prison outfit wearing a blond wig and Hillary Clinton mask while holding a sign that read  Blacks are super predators   H  The sign referenced a controversial remark Clinton made while First Lady in the 1990s. Clinton was not at the museum opening that was attended by President Barack Obama and former President George W. Bush.DC Police Detained and Frisked me for Anti-Hillary Demonstration pic.twitter.com/CwDE6Ao9N4  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) September 24, 2016After walking around on the sidewalk and closed street on the Mall near the new museum, Posobiec is surrounded by uniformed Park Police officers led by a Black officer who proceeds to interrogate Posobiec and demand his ID. The reasons for detaining and searching Posobiec ranged from  holding a sign , a bogus claim of  threatening the president  by just being there, holding a can of Monster and an implied statement that he was annoying Black people with his demonstration.Here is a video of Jack protesting. It appears the only people offended by his protest are Obama s US Park Police. You can see the initial encounter with the US Park police at the 10:28 mark:LIVE on #Periscope: Hillary Calls Blacks Superpredators At National African American Museum https://t.co/HGIS8zrcXV  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) September 24, 2016The audio is difficult to hear at times, but the Black officer demands to know why Posobiec is protesting. He answers he is not protesting but is (garbled.)The Black officer says,  You can do that anywhere. You can do that on You Tube. You can do that on Twitter. Why are you here?  Posobiec s response is garbled.The Black officer then demands,  Do you have any weapons on you?  More back and forth and then the Black officer takes the Hillary sign from Polosiec and puts it on the ground and then orders his hands raised and put on his head and then to turn around.As the Black officer starts to search Polosiec he focuses on the photographer filming and orders his officers to search the photographer saying,  You okay? You wanna check him out too cuz he s like doing all the filming. Let s make sure he doesn t have anything on him. The Black officer orders the camera being taken out of the photographer s hands so he can be  properly  searched.The camera continues filming at ground level while police search and interrogate the photographer who after a while appears to sit down. Prosobiec can be seen a few feet away sitting down on the sidewalk being detained by officers.After eight minutes of being detained the Black officer says to Polosiec,  You are perfectly within your rights but I d advise you to (garbled) but if you come back (garbled,)  The lecture is hard to hear, but the Black officer claims he doesn t care about Polosiec s politics and warns him that someone might (attack) him over the sign and the that he  wouldn t come back to save you. You re free to go. The Black officer then walks over to the photographer to repeat the lecture, saying  It is not a wise move to do it here, but you can do it here. (Garbled) coming back possibly to save you. Alright? You want to go the White House or Lafayette Park if you re under 25 people that s not a problem you can still make the same statement people feel comfortable This particular venue is not a wise place. But you can do, alright you re free to go, alright? Posobiec then starts speaking to the camera that there were numerous Black Lives Matter protesters around who were not being detained by police.Posobiec vows to continue his protest at the location.This writer was a prolific conservative activist with the Washington, D.C.chapter of FreeRepublic.com during the Clinton and Bush years and never witnessed or experienced any officer with federal or D.C. police agencies ask for ID or search a peaceful protester acting and dressed similarly to Prosobiec. The late FReeper Doctor Raoul Deming would wear masks and costumes to protest Bill and Hillary Clinton and was never searched or had ID demanded in D.C. over the course of hundreds of protests.In fact D.C. has some of the most lenient laws for protesters that allow spontaneous street demonstrations that block traffic where arrests can be made only after three prolonged warnings.Prosobiec was in a public place, not blocking traffic, and was not acting belligerent or threatening. He was exercising his First Amendment rights but as the officer implied because his audience was Black people, he should take his protest elsewhere like the White House of Lafayette Park (same thing, really, as a protest locale.)via: Gateway Pundit",0
19926,GRAB THE POPCORN! Queen Of Corruption DENIED Special Treatment For First Debate,"The Drudge Report has gained access to the rules for the upcoming Mega-Debate between Hillary and Trump. Hillary s always angling for an advantage, and when it comes to the mainstream media, Hillary usually gets exactly what she wants. It looks like she ll get a custom podium to help her with the height advantage, but when it comes to coughing up a lung, Hillary s on her own. Let s hope for Hillary s sake, she s able to keep the guy with the diazinon pen close to the stage in case  unfit to run for office Hillary  has another  pneumonia-related incident  like the one on 911 DEBATE RULES: NO COUGHING BREAKS **Exclusive** Fri Sep 23 2016 11:30:40 ETIf presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton slips into a coughing fit or any other medical crisis during Monday s high-stakes debate, she will have to power through, the DRUDGE REPORT has learned! There are no commercial breaks,  a commission source explains.  Period. Debate moderator Lester Holt does not have the authority to cut away from the stage during the epic 90-minute showdown. And microphone audio for either of the candidates is not to be manipulated.Clinton has experienced severe coughing episodes throughout the election year. During a Labor Day campaign stop she suffered a 4-minute choking marathon.Monday s throwdown could top out at 100 million viewers, making it the biggest political event in history.EDITOR S NOTE: The presidential debate commission settled an early flashpoint when Clinton demanded a step-stool at the podium to add height to her 5 4  frame. Campaign Chairman John Podesta expressed concern that Hillary would be dwarfed by 6 2  Trump. The request was quickly rejected. The commission is allowing for a custom-made podium, which will accommodate the difference in stature.",0
19927,BUSTED! LIBERAL BRAINIACS Steal Trump Sign…In Company Truck! [Video],"This is just idiotic! A couple of liberal brainiacs decided to steal a Trump sign. The only problem is that they did it in a company truck! Duh!#SaturdayMorning Idiots steal Trump sign IN COMPANY TRUCK!BUSTED: WoW Pool & Lawn Services -Naples, FLVOTE @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/etQ6VzgkrK  John Miller (@cyvault) September 24, 2016 ",0
19928,DOUBLE STANDARD? WHITE MLB Player Suspended For Criticizing #BlackLivesMatter…NFL IGNORES Black Player’s Instagram Post Of Cop’s Neck Being Slit,"This double standard surprises no one who s paying attention to the radical leftist media who decides is a legitimate target and who is not Seattle Mariners catcher Steve Clevenger has been suspended for criticizing Black Lives Matter and President Obama. BLM is pathetic once again! Obama you are pathetic once again! Everyone involved should be locked behind bars like animals!  the backup catcher tweeted out about the riots in Charlotte. He also tweeted,  Black people beating whites when a thug got shot holding a gun by a black officer haha shit cracks me up! Keep kneeling for the Anthem!   Daily CallerHis tweets have deleted, but this black guy who equates Saudi Arabia being sued by the victims of 9-11 to blacks suing for reparations (see below) saved them for everyone to see: Baseball player for the @Mariners, Steve Clevenger (@Clev_45) had this to say about BLM protestors. pic.twitter.com/4VRllnbvp0  X (@XLNB) September 23, 2016Here s the reparations tweet:Go head and let this bill pass, and I'll be right in court suing the US for reparations.   don't @ me. https://t.co/r5A1LCmEvF  X (@XLNB) September 23, 2016What about Cleveland Browns black running back Isaiah Crowell? He actually posted a picture of a cop getting his neck slit on Instagram and his career never missed a beat. Read HERE to get the entire story. ",0
19929,KEITH SCOTT’S BROTHER Tells Charlotte Reporter: “All White People Are F*#ckin’ Devils…All Cops Are F*#ckin Devils”,"The first Black (and half White) President has successfully created the most divisive America we have seen since the civil rights movement. He probably forgot he was raised by White grandparents, and on occasion a White mom.Obama s silence about the Black Lives Matter terror movement speaks volumes about his approval for the hateful and violent behavior towards Whites and our brave law enforcement officers. Keith Scott, a black man with a gun who was told to put it down by officers surrounding his vehicle was shot and killed by a black police officer in Charlotte, NC. Charlotte rioted. A protester rioter was shot and killed by another protester rioter. No one rioted over his death. Today, Keith Scott s brother has a message for America. He delivered it to this reporter. It s his message, but it was likely inspired by the silence of Barack Obama on yet another major city being burned and looted by out-of-control rioters funded by George Soros, one of Barack s biggest supporters.Here is a message from Keith Scott s brother to America:NSFW LANGUAGE: Tonight hear reaction from the brother of a @CMPD shooting vitcim on @wcnc at 11. pic.twitter.com/Kckyyi2Oni  Trey (@TreyMaggio) September 21, 2016",0
19930,NY TIMES RELEASES Dramatic Video of Keith Scott Shooting: “Drop The Gun…Drop The F*#king Gun!”,"The New York Times released a dramatic video today of the  shooting death of a black man, Keith Scott by a black police officer in Charlotte. Scott was shot and killed by a black police officer after repeated attempts by several officers demanding he obey them.Several relatives of Scott s claimed he was just holding a book.Neighbor who says she saw police shoot #KeithScott disputes CMDP's claim that he was armed with a gun. She says he had a book. @wsoctv pic.twitter.com/X1PWw5QJ7O  Mark Barber (@MBarberWSOC9) September 21, 2016Here is Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney telling Megyn Kelly that he has  no doubt  Keith Scott had a gun:And now, here is the recording from Scott s wife Rdkeyia Scott, who filmed the incident but did not get a clear shot of what was really going on during the altercation with her husband the police officers.As a side note, the cops were screaming,  Drop the gun!  and not,  Drop the book! ***WARNING***Graphic video****#BREAKING: Sources tell Channel 9 dash camera video shows #KeithScott getting out car, coming toward officers with gun in his hand pic.twitter.com/GGuM2Ow3wk  WSOCTV (@wsoctv) September 21, 2016",0
19931,"BREAKING CHARLOTTE: VIDEO Shows Young White Girl In Dress, Heels Being Sucker Punched In Face, Knocked To Knees By Mob Of #BlackLivesMatter Cowards","The unwarranted violence against innocent White people by Black Lives Matter protesters terrorists is getting out of control! This young girl in a dress and heels is walking down the stairs when she is approached by and angry mob of Blacks and is sucker punched in the face. Someone in the background can be heard yelling, Hey hey hey she didn t do anything!  The point is they don t care if she did anything. This is the gut-wrenching, divisive legacy of our  First Black President #CharlotteProtest Young woman struck down last night at @EpiCentreNC. See reply for streetview of staircase. #blacklivesmatter pic.twitter.com/Ttt6wTHSNw  Queenie   (@LibertarianQn) September 23, 2016The EpiCenter in Charlotte, where videos have captured unbelievable violence has announced they will be closing due to safety concerns for their patrons. Click HERE to see video of young White man who begged for mercy, as he was attacked entering the parking garage two days ago.pic.twitter.com/nz6LumJe8q  EpiCentre Charlotte (@EpiCentreNC) September 22, 2016In other words: In response to the violent beatings of random White people by Black Lives Matter thugs, we will be closing until these acts of terror are under control ",0
19932,DEAD BROKE HILLARY Buys Million Dollar “Mother/Daughter” Home For Chelsea…After Busted Giving Only 5.7% Of Clinton Foundation Money to Charity,"The 2014 IRS filings for the Clinton Foundation were recently released and the numbers were absolutely sickening. Out of $91.3 million spent in 2014, the organization s IRS filings show that only $5.2 million of that went to actual charity. That s because the candidate who says she represents the  everyday American  can t be bothered with helping the poor she needs to focus on providing a lifestyle for her and her lovely daughter Chelsea that only 1% of Americans can enjoy.  The Clinton s have mastered the art of getting rich in politics It s not quite the Kennedy compound in Hyannis Port, but Bill and Hillary Clinton are expanding their Westchester spread by buying the house next door, The Post has learned.The Clintons shelled out $1.16 million for the three-bedroom, 3,631-square-foot, ranch-style home set on 1.51 leafy acres on Old House Lane in Chappaqua.Westchester County land records and tax records from the town of New Castle   where Chappaqua is located   list William and Hillary Clinton as owners of the property.A source said the home could be used as a weekend retreat for their daughter, Chelsea, her hubby, Marc Mezvinsky, and their children, Charlotte and Aidan. Rumor has it that the Clintons plan to use this as a mother/daughter house for Chelsea and her kids to visit on the weekends when they want to escape the city and their Flatiron digs since the Chappaqua house has a nice pool and plenty of rolling green lawn for kids to play on,  the source said.  NYP",0
19933,ALABAMA: MIDDLE CLASS WHITE WOMAN Rejected For Jobs In City Filled ILLEGAL Immigrants…”I can’t find a job because I don’t speak Spanish”,"Democrats don t care if this legal immigrant has a job. Making America work again is not something they have very much interest in addressing. What s most important to them is how the illegal immigrants they have welcomed into our country with open arms will vote There s one question Sandra Langlois is sick of hearing in job interviews. Do you speak Spanish? Langlois doesn t   and doesn t think she should have to.At 42, she already speaks two languages. Born in Germany, she moved to Pennsylvania as a child and learned to speak English fluently. She thought that would be enough to get a job in the United States.Now, as she waits for an interview at the Albertville unemployment office, she s not sure it will be.Hispanic immigrants, she says, have transformed the state she s called home for decades. And the ones who came to the United States illegally, she says, make a tough job market even tougher.Langlois needs to find work, and fast: Her family is living in a motel after the power company turned out the lights in their trailer. She s sharing a car and cell phone with her father-in-law.The Spanish question, she says, has abruptly ended more than one interview. She hopes it won t throw her out of the running this time, too. It s kind of, really, discrimination,  she says.  If you re not here legally, then you need to go ahead and go back home.   They need to come over here the right way. Don t sneak over. Don t stay here. It s a sentiment that runs deep through some circles of this largely white, working-class town, which made headlines as the epicenter of Alabama s efforts to crack down on illegal immigration. Five years later, people in Albertville are still split over the changes they ve seen   and what they think should happen next.So is the country.A CNN/Kaiser Family Foundation poll (PDF) released this week reveals deep divides across the United States on immigration.Working-class whites   a group some analysts say could play a decisive role in the presidential election   are far more likely than others to say immigrants who arrived illegally should be deported. More than half (55%) say that s something the government should attempt, compared with 27% of white college grads.Those statistics don t surprise Glenda Barnes. The 70-year-old Albertville resident says she moved out of her neighborhood when immigrants started moving in. Her street started to go downhill, she says, as people crammed cars onto lawns and stopped taking care of homes. If you lived here, you d understand,  she says.  Our town was so neat, a nice little town. Now it s like we don t care, and everything s falling in. Rachel Zavaleta isn t surprised by the numbers either. The 29-year-old still remembers what people shouted at her on the playground when she came to Albertville with her family nearly 20 years ago: Go back to Mexico.A changing landscapeDebates about deporting immigrants who came here illegally aren t just political talking points in Albertville; they re personal.This is a city where officials tried hard to force them out, in a state where lawmakers passed the toughest law in the country aimed at doing the same thing.Five years later, even people who don t see eye to eye on immigration can agree on one thing: It didn t work.Albertville proudly bills itself as  the Fire Hydrant Capital of the World,  for the Mueller factory that s manufactured millions there. But across the state, it s better known for another industry: poultry processing plants, which employ thousands of workers   many of them immigrants.More than a quarter of the town s roughly 22,000 residents are Hispanic. And Alabama s 2011 immigration law scared many people who d found jobs in the area.Terrified they d be rounded up and deported, they abandoned homes, pulled their kids out of school and moved to other states. Neighborhoods were left nearly empty. Shopping districts became ghost towns.But in 2012, a federal appeals court gutted much of the law, ruling that parts of it were unconstitutional, including a requirement that public schools determine the immigration status of students and parents.Now, Albertville s Latino immigrant population is thriving once again. A growing number of Haitian refugees, recruited by chicken plants in recent years, have moved to the city, too.The large Catholic church where thousands pray in Spanish every Sunday just paid off its new $1.2 million building, thanks to donations from the congregation.Eateries serving tacos and tamales are easier to find in some parts of the city than restaurants offering grits or fried catfish.The relationships between residents   and the approaches local leaders take   have changed.But it doesn t take long to see that tensions are still simmering.Stop by the basketball court where Mexican workers are shooting hoops, and you ll hear how afraid they are that Donald Trump might be president, and what it was like a few years back when people couldn t get water or electricity in their homes unless they could prove they were here legally.Sit for a moment in the Little League stands nearby, and a woman flipping through a coupon book as she leans back in a lawn chair will tell you how immigrants should stop speaking Spanish and sucking benefits from the system.Step into a shopping mall off the busy four-lane highway through town, and you ll see immigrants searching for the right words in an English class as they talk with their teacher about what foods to eat on American holidays and how fast the cashiers speak at Walmart.Cross the parking lot to visit the unemployment office, and you ll hear some people say the influx of immigrants gave the region s economy a boost, while others grumble it cost them their jobs. There s plenty of jobs Langlois runs her fingers through her hair as she scans the bulletin board at the unemployment office, looking for a lead.Could she be a dishwasher or a welder? Will she go back to working at a chicken plant? Is there any other choice?As an immigrant herself, Langlois says she s had to follow strict rules and make sure her documents are in order when she applies for jobs. And she resents immigrants who came to the United States illegally for finding ways to skirt the system. It s just not fair,  she says.  It s like they re getting special treatment. The CNN/KFF poll found that working-class whites were significantly more likely than other groups to say illegal immigration had directly affected them.More than a quarter (27%) say their family has been negatively affected by undocumented immigrants taking jobs in their community, and among this group, 8 in 10 want the government to deport all undocumented immigrants.The trend is even stronger in the South. Via: KITV ",0
19934,LOL! Charlotte #BlackLivesMatter Rioters Post “Things We Need List”: Includes “White folks to give money for bail”,"I wish this was a joke!#BlackLivesMatter protesters, loot stores, stop traffic for thousands of commuters, throw molotov cocktails, rocks and bricks at innocent police officers assigned to keeping the protesters and innocent civilians safe, discriminately beat up White people well just because they re White (see video below) But if they get arrested they re asking WHITE people to bail them out? You can t make this up Here is a list of things the Black Lives Matter protesters rioters need from their Charlotte SURJ Facebook page: #CharlotteProtest Beating man begging for mercy in parking garage. @AC360 @seanhannity @BretBaier Credit:Lenard Bennett (facebook) @ncnaacp pic.twitter.com/YWHEU2UV1n  Queenie   (@LibertarianQn) September 22, 2016h/t to Allison for sharing this with 100% FED UP!",0
19935,THIS VIDEO WILL DESTROY “Black Lives Matter”…SHARE It Everywhere!, ,0
19936,CHARLOTTE #BlackLivesMatter Update: SUB-HUMAN BLACK MOB Brutally Beats Young White Man Begging For Mercy In Parking Garage [VIDEO],"Because if you re a young White guy walking through a parking lot by yourself at night in Charlotte, you deserve to be attacked by a pack of sub-human cowards right? Nothing says let s fix racism like a pack of black guys beating and stomping on a White guy who s all by himself, just for the fun of it ***WARNING***GRAPHIC Images***#CharlotteProtest Beating man begging for mercy in parking garage. @AC360 @seanhannity @BretBaier Credit:Lenard Bennett (facebook) @ncnaacp pic.twitter.com/YWHEU2UV1n  Queenie   (@LibertarianQn) September 22, 2016",0
19937,YIKES! Tomi Lahren DEMOLISHES Hillary: “How Dare You Blame Donald Trump…EXCUSE ME?…Did 4 Americans Die On His Watch In Benghazi? [VIDEO],Wow! Bravo Tomi! You really nailed it this time Enjoy! This notion that  political incorrectness  is somehow responsible for terror attacks is absolute BS! Do you think we are stupid? How dare you blame this crap on Donald Trump! Excuse me? Was he Secretary of State? Did 4 Americans die on his watch in Benghazi? ,0
19938,THIS IS NOT A JOKE! Soros-Linked Group Has Plan To Destroy Trump…Will Register 8 MILLION “Global Voters” For Hillary [VIDEO],"The Left has been organizing for decades, and George Soros has been funding them. From the chaos of Occupy Wall Street to Black Lives Matter, wherever there is chaos and anarchy in America, George Soros and the Democrat Party are usually behind it. There have been reports for several years of voter fraud efforts, in which it has been suggested that George Soros is involved.  This is just another example of his involvement in a scheme to effect the results of our elections in America by using his vast global network A new campaign, touted as the  October surprise that will end Trump , is seeking to mobilise a  secret swing state  of more than 8 million mostly unregistered  global citizens  and  progressive  Americans living abroad to vote in the U.S. election.The 8 million Americans abroad almost never vote. This dead easy tool can fix that but only if we make it famous: https://t.co/z4l7lekdub  Avaaz (@Avaaz) September 13, 2016The initiative was launched in London in the United Kingdom on Wednesday by  Avaaz , a registered U.S. charity and one the world s largest and most powerful activist groups linked to globalist billionaire George Soros. Campaigners toured from the University College London down to Parliament blasting Bruce Springsteen s  Born in the USA  while chanting  Don t Vote Trump  from an open top bus.While illegal for registered U.S. charities to work with or for presidential candidates, a spokeswoman for Avaaz denied any connection to the Hillary campaign when quizzed. Campaigners with Avaaz however, were recorded shouting,  Vote for Hillary!  during the demonstration.A huge 88 per cent of Americans living abroad did not register to vote in the last presidential election, and Avaaz points out that  this massive untapped voting block  is much more likely to be  progressive  because  56 per cent of us [in the UK] have masters degrees  and overwhelmingly donated to Democratic candidates in the last three presidential primaries.Does anybody really believe this  get out the vote  effort is to register LEGAL American citizens? This effort has fraud written all over it. And with only a little over a month to go before our general election, where is the manpower to pour through all of these new incoming registrations going to come from? If I didn t know better, I d think George Soros and Hillary planned to  to overwhelm our system with last minute foreign votes that can t be properly vetted before the election kinda like their Muslim refugees The view for the top of the @Avaaz Stop Trump battle bus in London. American music, balloons, flags & chanting @LBC pic.twitter.com/slsTFdQti3  Rachael Venables (@rachaelvenables) September 21, 2016 Avaaz has created the world s first, global, citizen s get-out-the-vote drive , Ms. Alexander added.  The more people that share it on Facebook, the more Americans abroad will see it, and the more we will be able to stop the global threat of Trump .The group chose London for the launch as the UK has the  largest concentration of US expats outside of North America , and at the event several Americans registered to vote before the media to prove how easy it is with Avaaz s new tool. For months, the world has sat on the sidelines, horrified by Trump s hate. Now, global citizens have a way to fight back , Emma Ruby-Sachs, Deputy Director of Avaaz added.The charity s website encourages people to email potential U.S. voters in other countries, giving them a template that reads: 8 million Americans abroad could defeat Trump  if they vote! I wanted to make sure you saw this new overseas registration tool that makes voting dead-easy. It literally takes a few minutes :) .Their efforts don t stop in the UK, they are also putting out a call to Mexicans to register to vote. Who will be checking the validity of millions of votes coming in at the last minute? From their  register to vote  for Hillary campaign in Mexico:1 million Americans in Mexico can stop #Trump's wall! #GringosAVotar campaign kicks off Sun 9/25 in Mexico City: https://t.co/Q68FjjJk7d pic.twitter.com/6tv7CES8Cy  Avaaz (@Avaaz) September 21, 2016ENGLISH:Over 1 million US citizens live in Mexico, and their participation in this election is key to stopping Trump and his  beautiful wall.  This Sunday we re meeting at the Angel de la Independencia on Paseo de la Roma, in the heart of Mexico City, to spread the word and register US voters on site.There will be music, great people, and media. Come take a picture of yourself in front of a massive artistic model of Trump s  wall  to say: #GringosAVotar united against Trump! RSVP and share widely with friends.If you are a US passport holder and want to register to vote there on site, make sure to bring a scanned copy of your passport with you. US voters in Mexico can also register directly here: www.avaaz.org/GringosAVotarSomething tells me if Johnny Cash were alive today, he would not approve of these clowns using his music to promote the destruction of America in a foreign land:Via: Breitbart News",0
19939,THE SMARTEST WOMAN In Politics: “How Trump Can Knock Out Hillary In The First Debate”,"Monica Crowley offers some of the most brilliant political analysis in conservative media. She is brilliant, witty, and has incredible insight. When Monica Crowley gives Trump a plan on how to knock out Hillary in the first debate, he would do well to listen to her It promises to be the greatest show on earth: the first presidential debate to be held Monday night at Hofstra University in New York. Rarely has a political event attracted this kind of Super Bowl-level excitement, curiosity and anticipation. Then again, rarely have we had two presidential candidates who light up the political sky like Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.Mrs. Clinton has been on the national scene for nearly 30 years and carries all of the baggage of those tumultuous decades: endless scandals, ethical tightrope-walking, legal dodge ball, compulsive lying, slimy blame-shifting, bunker paranoia, the systematic selling of her offices for personal enrichment and the deliberate jeopardizing of the nation s most sensitive secrets for her family s gain. We know what Mrs. Clinton will do, which is what she s always done: lie, fabricate, deflect and distract. Boring and predictable. Donald Trump, on the other hand, is neither   and he has the advantage of being shiny and new. What he does with that opportunity is anyone s guess. I suspect he s been rope-a-doping everybody with the  we re not doing debate prep, we re just hanging out eating cheeseburgers  line and will, in fact, knock out Mrs. Clinton with his command of policy, her long record of failure and the positive agenda he embraces.For a full TKO, Mr. Trump should do four main things.First, he should emphasize his pragmatic vision for turning America around: moving to pro-growth economics, restoring law and order, rebuilding the military and a strong national defense, reigniting America s influence and prestige internationally, and defeating the corrupt, rigged system (as embodied by Mrs. Clinton).As a successful presidential candidate, he must offer voters a positive, compelling reason to vote for him, rather than just against his opponent. That s why it s critical for Mr. Trump to focus on his restorative agenda for the country.Second, as a compliment to his optimistic vision, he must smash Mrs. Clinton, both as a failed  leader  pushing failed policies and a destructive leftist ideology and as a deeply corrupt individual who cannot   must not   be trusted with the presidency.She will try to swarm him with policy details to try to demonstrate that he s unprepared for the highest office in the land. She ll try to sit above the fray, winking that she s  been there, done that.  Well, yes. But the question is not whether she was in the game. It s how she played it   and what results she produced. For her, the result was evermore power and a net worth of over $125 million. For the country, the result is that we are less wealthy, less prosperous, less safe, less secure, less powerful.Mr. Trump doesn t have to show an encyclopedic knowledge of every policy nuance. He simply has to point to the wreckage of the Obama economy and foreign policy and say:  We tried it your way. Mic drop.Third, he should  gaslight  her (hat tip to Alfred Hitchcock) by remaining totally cool and unflappable while calmly pushing on her vulnerabilities, from her disgraceful lack of integrity to her hypocrisy concerning women to standing by silently if she s seized by one of her interminable coughing attacks.This must be done with the greatest care, taking the Reagan approach of regarding her more in sorrow than in anger:  There you go again.  And he should call her Mrs. Clinton in order to link her to the deeply flawed boy who brought her to the dance. For all of the talk about Mr. Trump s alleged  thin skin,  she is extraordinarily prickly. She has never faced a tough election fight or been questioned aggressively or criticized to her face. If Mr. Trump can get under her thin skin, he could provoke a caustic response that will reveal the cosseted elitist behind the frozen smile. Witness candidate Barack Obama s calmly delivered 2008 crack,  You re likeable enough, Hillary.  The steam came out of her ears for days.Finally, Mr. Trump must be a happy warrior. Most voters want to believe that he s the guy not just to fix the country   but to restore their optimism with it. They want to know that he will fight the war for America s future not as a burden but as a joyful privilege. If he can exuberantly convey that America can be saved   and that she is worth saving   he will not just win the debate but perhaps the election.For entire article: Monica Crowley, Washington Times",0
19940,BREAKING! SHOCKING VIDEO FROM CHARLOTTE RIOTS: “The situation is out of control!”,"Protest underway in Charlotte:  Things got completely out of hand    @Boris_Sanchez is on the ground w/ the latest. https://t.co/UQ8XOOnFyN  Anderson Cooper 360  (@AC360) September 22, 2016",0
19941,BREAKING! Charlotte News Station Reports Cops Have Dash Cam Of #KeithScott Coming Toward Them With Gun In Hand,"Local Charlotte, NC news station WSOCTV is reporting that sources tell them dash cameras captured Keith Scott getting out of car and coming towards officers with a gun in his hand:#BREAKING: Sources tell Channel 9 dash camera video shows #KeithScott getting out car, coming toward officers with gun in his hand pic.twitter.com/GGuM2Ow3wk  WSOCTV (@wsoctv) September 21, 2016For a second night, protests over a deadly officer-involved shooting in Charlotte, North Carolina, turned violent, with police firing tear gas and demonstrators throwing objects and trying to damage vehicles.Keith Lamont Scott, a father of seven, was killed by police in an apartment complex parking lot Tuesday as officers looked for another man named in a warrant they were trying to serve. The shooting set off a long night of violent protests and Wednesday the demonstrations continued for a second night, starting off as a peaceful march through downtown Charlotte. But when the demonstrators neared an Omni Hotel, some people climbed the roof of an outdoor mall and started throwing objects at the crowd.Other people were banging on the doors of the hotel, and police in riot gear emerged in the entrance.His family said Scott, an African-American, was unarmed and sitting in his car reading a book, waiting for his son to come home from school.But Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney said Scott exited his car with a gun, not a book. He said officers couldn t find a book at the scene. It s time for the voiceless majority to stand up and be heard,  said the police chief, who is black. It s time to change the narrative because I can tell you from the facts that the story s a little bit different as to how it s been portrayed so far, especially through social media.   CNNBut b b but what about the book?Neighbor who says she saw police shoot #KeithScott disputes CMDP's claim that he was armed with a gun. She says he had a book. @wsoctv pic.twitter.com/X1PWw5QJ7O  Mark Barber (@MBarberWSOC9) September 21, 2016And of course, there s Hillary s irresponsible tweet confirming that the cops were in the wrong, without even having any facts to back up her ignorant statement:Keith Lamont Scott. Terence Crutcher. Too many others. This has got to end. -H  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 21, 2016 ",0
19942,BIG MISTAKE! HILLARY JUST Proved To America She’s Committed To Keeping Obama’s Divisive Race War Going,"Dividing America will be Obama s legacy. Hillary continues to prove that she is committed to keeping his legacy of hate and division alive. What Hillary doesn t get is that the majority of Americans are not buying into Obama s divisive legacy that pits gays against straight people, Blacks against Whites, everyone against Christians and so on The reason Donald J.Trump is so popular, is that he conveys a feeling of love for our country and gives Americans the sense that he cares passionately about putting an end to the manufactured division and hate that Obama has spent the last 8 years creating.You may get a lot of retweets and likes from paid trolls and social justice warriors on Twitter Hillary, but your message of division is not going to play well at the polls with the general public who are 100% FED UP with divisive politics on November 8th Keith Lamont Scott. Terence Crutcher. Too many others. This has got to end. -H  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 21, 2016",0
19943,LOL! AMAZON USERS WRITE GUT-BUSTING Reviews For HILLARY’S Disastrous New “Stronger Together” Book,"The extremely exhausted Hillary and her extremely boring VP pick have written a book that is currently #5,301 on the Amazon books bestseller list. It s really quite laughable that with only a little more than one month until the general election, Hillary can be found desperately hawking a book nobody wants to read at a rally in a tiny community center gymnasium in Orlando with only 300 people. That would be funny in and of itself, but Hillary s desperation to sell a horrible book to a tiny and lethargic crowd (who are likely being paid to occupy seats) is not even the best part of the story.It turns out, the book reviews written by Amazon users are a must read! They re hilarious, revealing, and for the most part, when they are describing Crooked Hillary to a tee These are some of the most clever and funniest reviews you will ever see for a political book! Enjoy      A special thank you to GP and @FessEnden4 for making our day!Hillary in Orlando hawking her deplorable book from the stage. Best part is the Amazon reviews of it: https://t.co/cDcuE3aUnm HYSTERICAL! pic.twitter.com/LydcL1lkIz  Fess Enden (@FessEnden4) September 21, 2016",0
19944,WHAT IS GOING ON WITH HILLARY’S EYES…Could It Be Related To Parkinson’s Disease? [VIDEO],"Hillary spoke to a very small group of students at Temple University. With a total student population of just under 38,000, her estimated crowd of 300 would be considered by most, to be a total bust. Unfit Hillary wasn t about to let 37,700 disinterested students stand in the way of addressing 300 paid plants  students about the benefits of a taxpayer funded education or a President who is willing, on behalf of the American taxpayer, to forgive their debts What the heck is Hillary hiding now? What is going on with her eyes in this video?  We looked into symptoms of patients with Parkinson s Disease and here s what we found:Visual motor symptoms of patients with Parkinson s Disease:  Some vision difficulties are related to changes in the movement of the eyeball. These are motor symptoms, similar to other motor symptoms caused by loss of dopamine neurons.  Blurred or double vision, and eye strain, because the eyes may have trouble moving together to focus on things traveling toward or away from a person  Trouble reading, because the eye movements needed to follow the lines of a page are slowed and have trouble starting (similar to gait freezing in the legs)  A person with PD may need to blink in order to change eye position; levodopa can helpLet s put the eye issue aside for a moment and let s examine why Hillary has chosen to talk to this crowd of adults like they re a two year old sitting on her lap, while she reads them a bed-time book? No wonder millennials are leaving her in droves. She s not just a liar, she a a condescending liar as well. She doesn t have enough faith in these young adults to consider they may care about our national security or about getting a good paying job out of college. Her only concern seems to be how to woo them with the free sh*t vote her former opponent Bernie Sanders used to build his base.As The Gateway Pundit reported   Hillary was given assistance getting up the stairs to get to the stage. She needed help. ",0
19945,JUSTICE…NC THUG STYLE: NOTHING SAYS “INJUSTICE” For The Black Man Like Looting A Walmart [VIDEO],"Watch Thugs Protest Cop Killing By Committing Crimes43-year-old black man, Keith Lamont Scott was shot and killed by a black police officer In Charlotte, NC. Of course, the details are still coming in, but why wait for details when you can get free flat screen tv s at Walmart? If you don t have to get out, don t get out. And if you do have to get out, please God be safe!  was the warning from FOX 46 reporter at the scene of the Walmart looting in Charlotte, NC.FOX 46 reported:Protesters headed to the Walmart on N. Tryon in the University area after shutting down Interstate-85 at WT Harris Blvd. early Wednesday morning following the shooting death of 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott.Officers in riot gear blocked the entry to Walmart after it was broken into. Employees could be seen sweeping up shattered glass at the front entrance.Walmart Employees are using wooden pallets to block the main entrance after protestors broke into the store overnight. pic.twitter.com/xnxovNjlj9  Brian Christiansen (@BrianFox46) September 21, 2016One employee told FOX 46 Charlotte some technology was stolen including, a flat screen television and iPads.Walmart workers blocked the doors with pallets.Protesters are running from the Walmart as Charlotte police arrive. @wsoctv #WakeUpWith9 pic.twitter.com/nNl7xg7dkT  Mark Barber (@MBarberWSOC9) September 21, 2016",0
19946,VIDEO: BLACK MAN Tells Reporter They’re Taking Protests To Charlotte Suburbs,"Unidentified man helping to organize protests in suburbs tells Mark Barber of WSOC:  We need to go where the immediate threat is at. Whether it s a threat or not, I just want us to go to the area where the gentleman lives, so we can actually have the people with the money be concerned about the people without the money. Reporter:  So you plan to protest in the suburbs? Man being interviewed:  Yes. Cuz I figure if we go hit them in their area, then they ll be more potent (?) to what s going on in our area. LISTEN | Protesters say this isn't the end. They plan to take protests to wealthy areas of Charlotte next. @wsoctv #KeithScott pic.twitter.com/og3T2zW2wd  Mark Barber (@MBarberWSOC9) September 21, 2016",0
19947,WILL TRUMP PULL A “ROMNEY” In His First Debate? Says He Won’t Mention Bill’s Infidelities Unless Hillary Does This… [VIDEO],"Who could forget Mitt Romney s second and third debates with Barack Obama? After the first debate, most Americans were pretty sure that Mitt had successfully exposed Barack as the amateur that he is. But something strange and unexpected happened when Mitt came back for round two. Either he was given bad advice, or he just decided he really didn t want to be President after all. Whatever the case, the next two debates for Mitt were abysmal. He clearly rolled over and played dead, while Barack, with the help of his co-debater Candy Crowley, lied to the american people, as Mitt stood by idly and never uttered a single objection. That was the night Mitt passed on the keys to the White House in favor of civility. Sorry America, but civility doesn t work with the Left who has shown a clear pattern of winning at all cost no matter the consequences America is counting on Trump to use every resource available to take down Hillary in the first debate. If Hillary enabled her husband to prey on, rape or to use his position as President of the United States to gain sexual favors in the Oval Office, we expect Trump to bring it up. We also expect him to answer to all of the women who claimed Hillary threatened them if they spoke out against her perve If Hillary really is the champion of women that she claims to be, she should be ready and willing to defend herself. Please Trump, we beg of you  don t pull a  Romney! It s up to Hillary Clinton whether or not the first presidential debate ends up including an exchange over her husband s White House affair with Monica Lewinsky, Republican Donald Trump said Monday night. I don t think I m looking to do that,  Trump told Fox News host Bill O Reilly when asked whether he was planning to bring up the affair   something Trump raised in media interviews during the primaries. I don t know what I m going to do that exactly. It depends on what level she hits you with, if she s fair, if it s unfair,  Trump said.  But certainly I m not looking to do that. Trump, who slashed through his GOP opponents one-by-one in televised debates during the primaries, said he ll decide on the spot whether to launch personal attacks on Hillary Clinton based on whether she treats him with  respect. I have absolutely no idea. I think this. If she treats me with respect, I will treat her with respect. It really depends,  Trump said.Watch here:https://youtu.be/BnLtdAlfuuM People ask me that question,  oh you re going to go out there and do this and that. I really don t know that. You re going to have to feel it out when you re out there. She s got to treat me with respect. I m going to treat her with respect. I d like to start off by saying that because that would be my intention,  he said.One longtime Clinton advisor isn t so sure Trump will unilaterally disarm when it comes to Lewinsky. You can t put it beyond Trump that Monica Lewinsky will play a role in this debate,  former Clinton and White House counsel Greg Craig told Politico in August. She s got to be prepared to deal with the [Clinton] Foundation and Wall Street and super PACs and all of that. They need to be less focused on dealing with his policy proposals and more on dealing with the unexpected. He s going to be in attack mode, probably the whole time,  Craig said.At several stages in the campaign, Trump has brought up Lewinsky, Bill Clinton rape accuser Juanita Broderick, Whitewater, the death of former Clinton aide Vince Foster, and other 90s era scandals and allegations. Via: Daily Mail ",0
19948,"THIS MAY BE THE CLINTON’S Most DEPLORABLE Act Ever: “The question becomes, ‘how many people lost their lives?'”","Scum of the earth isn t strong enough for these grifters. The Clinton Family must be the most disgusting, self-serving people to ever run a  charitable  organization. So many former Presidents have done such amazing work for people around the world who have faced poverty, sickness and natural disasters. With the billions of dollars the Clinton s received from donors around the world (well, primarily in Hollywood and Saudi Arabi) just think of all of the good they could have done if the Clinton s weren t such selfish, power-hungry human beings Former President Bill Clinton and his Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI) distributed  watered-down  HIV/AIDs drugs to patients in sub-Saharan Africa, and  likely increased  the risks of morbidity and mortality, according to a draft congressional report obtained by The Daily Caller News Foundation.The congressional report, titled, The Clinton Foundation and The India Success Story,  was initiated by Rep. Marsha Blackburn, a Tennessee Republican and vice-chair of the House Energy and Commerce Committee.The CHAI program to help AIDS victims is considered one of the Clinton Foundation s most important contributions and is probably its best known initiative.The congressional report focused on Clinton s decade-long relationship with a controversial Indian drug manufacturer called Ranbaxy, which CHAI used as one of its main distributors of HIV/AIDS drugs to Third World countries.It also highlighted the work of Dinesh Thakur, a former Ranbaxy employee who became a star whistleblower, permitting the U.S. government to launch a landmark lawsuit against the Indian firm. The company was vulnerable to U.S. prosecution because it also sold its generic drugs on the U.S. market.Ranbaxy ultimately pleaded guilty in 2013 to seven criminal counts with intent to defraud and the introduction of adulterated drugs into interstate commerce.The Department of Justice further levied a $500 million fine and forfeiture on the company.  This is the largest false claims case ever prosecuted in the District of Maryland, and the nation s largest financial penalty paid by a generic pharmaceutical company,  said U.S. Attorney for the District of Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein when Ranbaxy pleaded guilty. When companies sell adulterated drugs, they undermine the integrity of the FDA s approval process and may cause patients to take drugs that are substandard, ineffective, or unsafe,  said Stuart F. Delery, acting assistant attorney general for the civil division of the Department of Justice, when the government announced its action against the Indian company.The Department of Justice stated in its final settlement,  alleged due to the company s diluted drugs, it  subjected patients to increased risks of morbidity and mortality,  according to the report. The question becomes,  how many people lost their lives, how many people found it was a false promise,  asked Blackburn in an interview with TheDCNF.The possibility that CHAI distributed adulterated and diluted AIDS drugs to Third World victims could shake the foundations of the Clinton charity and spark a new round of scrutiny in the final weeks of presidential candidate Hillary Clinton s campaign.Blackburn said she planned to deliver the report to the inspector generals at the Department of Health and Human Services and to the Department of State, where Hillary served as secretary of state during President Barack Obama s first term.The congressional study also highlighted the unseemly ties between Bill and two controversial Indian-Americans who have been investigated and sanctioned by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Securities and Exchange Commission.The most troubling revelations concern the Clinton Foundation s vigorous promotion of Ranbaxy despite mounting evidence the Indian firm had persistently poor quality control and attempted to cover it up through either faulty or fraudulent reporting to the FDA.It is unclear at this juncture how many AIDS patients received the  watered-down  drugs.ProPublica estimated that in 2007 alone, the U.S. Agency for International Development allocated $9 million to Ranbaxy and delivered  more than $1.8 million packages. Substandard HIV medicines cause health problems for patients, perhaps even accelerating death from HIV-related infections,  Roger Bate, an economist at the American Enterprise Institute who researches substandard and counterfeit medicines, told TheDCNF.Thakur told TheDCNF that many of the company s anti-retroviral drugs were used to stabilize platelet and white blood cell counts in AIDS patients. These drugs allow it to stabilize and essentially provide immunity to patients. If the content of the medicine is not what is listed on the label, you will not see the platelet levels or the WBC levels stabilize,  he said.Ranbaxy s first public hint of problems occurred in August 2004, one year after CHAI began working with the firm. The World Health Organization reported irregularities involving three Ranbaxy drugs in South Africa, according to the report.The FDA sent a public  warning letter  to Ranbaxy in 2006 about reported irregularities in the company s quality control efforts. It concluded that the drugs, which included anti-retroviral HIV/AIDs medications,  show much lower potencies in these batches. Although Ranbaxy s generic drugs are now barred from being sold in the U.S., CHAI and the former president continue to praise Ranbaxy and distribute the company s HIV/AID drugs to patients abroad.Bill heaped praise on Ranbaxy in 2013 during a speech in Mumbai, saying, the drugs saved millions of lives.Neither CHAI nor the Clinton Foundation have announced they severed ties with Ranbaxy.For entire story: The Daily Caller ",0
19949,ANYONE WHO Still Supports Hillary After They See This Video Should Forfeit Their Right To Vote,"Hillary is without a doubt, the worst and most despicable liar to ever run for the office of President Of The United States Hillary is a sociopathic liar: A sociopath is typically defined as someone who lies incessantly to get their way and does so with little concern for others. A sociopath is often goal-oriented (i.e., lying is focused it is done to get one s way). Sociopaths have little regard or respect for the rights and feelings of others.https://twitter.com/HlLLARYCLINT0N/status/777660956088406017",0
19950,BREAKING: FEMALE LAW STUDENT Busts Hillary’s “Oh Sh*t” IT Guy Who Was Seeking Help To Scrub Hillary’s Name From Emails…Wikileaks Applauds!,"Will this FINALLY be the straw that breaks the camel s back? Wow and it s not even October yet! Things are not looking good for #CrookedHillary The House Oversight Committee is reviewing a Reddit post that alleges an IT specialist who worked on Hillary Clinton s private server sought advice on how to alter the contents of  VERY VIP  emails, according to Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.).Meadows is the chairman of the panel s Government Operations subcommittee. The Reddit post issue and its connection to Paul Combetta is currently being reviewed by OGR staff and evaluations are being made as to the authenticity of the post,  Meadows told The Hill. Reddit users appear to have uncovered a two-year-old post from an account believed to belong to Combetta, an engineer with Platte River Networks. The Denver, Colo.-based firm managed Clinton s private server.The Reddit Archives that are allegedly Combetta s, can be found near end of article. Combetta was granted immunity from Obama s Department of Justice in their investigation of Clinton.Combetta was the employee who deleted all of Hillary Clinton s emails.According users on Reddit, Combetta asked for assistance in July 2014 from Reddit users on how to purge emails and how to strip VIP s email address from  a bunch of archived emails.  -GPhttps://twitter.com/juliangwan/status/778006379596509184The post, which has been deleted but can be read in images archived by Reddit users, coincides with the discovery of Clinton s use of the server.Busted:Proof of Intent to Obstruct Justice 2 Years Ago from #HillarysHackerReddit Post Reveals. pic.twitter.com/aVgdV8gDla  The Truther (@4evertruther) September 19, 2016 I may be facing a very interesting situation where I need to strip out a VIP s (VERY VIP) email address from a bunch of archived email  Basically, they don t want the VIP s email address exposed to anyone, and want to be able to either strip out or replace the email address in the to/from fields in all of the emails we want to send out,  reads the post, by a user called  stonetear. Does anyone have experience with something like this, and/or suggestions on how this might be accomplished? Here is the Twitter user who uncovered Combetta s requests for help on Reddit:SMOKING GUN: ""BleachBit"" Paul Combetta ASKED TO STRIP OR REPLACE VIP's EMAIL ADDRESS! https://t.co/nz13MqzWth #MAGA pic.twitter.com/qQII96JI76  Katica (@GOPPollAnalyst) September 19, 2016Here she is discussing her find:Great job! That's some damned good sleuthing, you should give the FBI some lessons.  Girl_Grimly (@ed_grimly) September 19, 2016Thank you!!! I'm studying law (MS) with concentrations in eDiscovery/eLitigation, but close! I have amazing professors. https://t.co/baaz6PqJaw  Katica (@GOPPollAnalyst) September 19, 2016Wikileaks cheered Katica s good work on Twitter, and she was thrilled:This is so awesome to be to have @wikileaks on this. *swoon* https://t.co/CfXpo8PctY  Katica (@GOPPollAnalyst) September 20, 2016Combetta is currently one of the targets of a broader Oversight investigation on whether Clinton ordered the destruction of emails that had been subpoenaed by the Benghazi Select Committee. If it is determined that the request to change email addresses was made by someone so closely aligned with the Secretary s IT operation as Mr. Combetta, then it will certainly prompt additional inquiry,  Meadows told The Hill.  The date of the Reddit post in relationship to the establishment of the Select Committee on Benghazi is also troubling. The Reddit message was sent on July 23, 2014, according to an archive of the page saved by other users. The day before, the Benghazi Committee had reached an agreement with the State Department on the production of related records, according the FBI s investigation into Clinton s use of the server.The identity of the  stonetear  user is not confirmed. Reddit users point to the fact that an account on the online marketplace Easy for a Paul Combetta has the username  stonetear  and the inactive website combetta.com is registered to the email address stonetear@gmail.com.Combetta appeared under subpoena in a committee hearing last week on the alleged destruction of evidence, but both he and colleague Bill Thornton exercised their Fifth Amendment right not to testify.borismkv: There is no supported way to do what you re asking. You can only delete emails after they re stored in the database. You can t change them. If there was a feature in Exchange that allowed this, it could result in major legal issues. There may be ways to hack a solution, but I am not aware of any. permalinkembedsavegive goldstonetear: As a PST file or exported MSG files, this could be done though, yes? The issue is that these emails involve the private email address of someone you d recognize, and we re trying to replace it with a placeholder address as to not expose it.exproject: To my knowledge, there s no way to edit existing messages, that s a possibility for a discovery nightmare. To strip/rename on outbound/inbound you could rewrite it with a transport rule.stonetear: That wouldn t work on existing messages though right?odoprasm: Is there no way to access and edb manually?stonetear: I have full access to the server   what are you suggesting with the EDB file?stonetear: I think maybe I wasn t clear enough in the original post. I have these emails available in a PST file. Can I rewrite them in the PST? I could also export to MSG and do some sort of batch find/replace. Anyone know of tools that might help with this?exproject: Just because you have the messages available in multiple formats and locations doesn t change that it s an attribute of the envelope not meant to be rewritten. The functionality is just not built into any tool I know of. Having that functionality would create the ability to screw with discovery (I mean, there could be mitigation with versioning, but that would need other configuration) While it may not be a read-only part of the envelope(I m not actually sure), the only tool that MIGHT be able to do what you want is MFCMapi, and I don t think you want to play with that for this job. The chance of getting it wrong would be pretty high I think and it is not a particularly friendly tool. I m not sure it could be scripted with it either. My recommendation would be what /u/borismkv said. Making a mailbox for VIP and telling them to use that. Forwarding to VIPs mailbox would be ripe for them to just respond directly instead of responding through his relay mailbox. As for your existing messages, if the current users absolutely cannot see the existing messages, you ll need to do a search and export and just forcibly remove the messages from their mailboxes. It s not clean and not advised by me, but if they don t want VIPs address out there it will need to be removed. I would do a search with his email address as the query with -LogOnly -LogLevel Full and see what kind of results you get.EDIT: Holy shit they actually deleted all their comments from a 2 year old reddit post, I think we hit gold on this one. Archive.is link of the deleted reddit postCan somebody make sure we have the twitter posts archived too? I really don t trust twitter to keep those up.  Gateway PunditHere is the ARCHIVE of the messages that were deleted on Reddit.UPDATE: Here s a screengrab of the archived pictures from Reddit:The committee has scheduled another hearing on the  preservation of State Department records  for Thursday.Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) has issued a criminal referral asking the U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia to investigate deletions from the server.This latest probe stems from revelations from the 58-page report issued by the FBI summarizing its investigation into Clinton s use of the server.According to the FBI s report, an unnamed Platte River Networks technician deleted an archive of emails from the server in March 2015   after the House Select Committee on Benghazi had issued a subpoena for records relating to the 2012 attack on the Libyan outpost.According to the FBI s notes, longtime Clinton aide Cheryl Mills instructed Platte River Networks to delete a set of archived emails in December 2014. Mills told investigators Clinton had decided she no longer needed access to emails older than 60 days.But the technician apparently forgot the request and didn t immediately comply. According to the FBI report, between March 25 and March 31 of 2015, the technician  believed he had an  oh shit  moment and   deleted the Clinton archive mailbox from the [Platte River Networks] server. Reporting from The New York Times has since identified Combetta as that technician, citing an anonymous law enforcement official and others familiar with the FBI probe.Clinton and Mills told the FBI that they had no knowledge of the technician s deletion of the emails. The technician, according to the report,  was aware of the existence of the [Benghazi Committee] preservation request and the fact that it meant he should not disturb Clinton s email data on the [Platte River Networks] server.    The HillFrom Representative Steven Smith:BREAKING: Citizen Journalist breaks HUGE Clinton email story PROVING Hillary ORDERED EMAILS TO BE STRIPPED! #MAGA https://t.co/m5fYUmibpT  Rep. Steven Smith (@RepStevenSmith) September 19, 2016Rep. Steven Smith posted this on Monday morning.  BREAKING: Citizen Journalist breaks HUGE Clinton email story PROVING Hillary ORDERED EMAILS TO BE STRIPPED! ""The issue is that these emails involve the private email address of someone you'd recognize."" WOW!#HillarysHacker pic.twitter.com/j9fDrm4HGU  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) September 20, 2016",0
19951,HUFFINGTON POST WAVES WHITE FLAG…Calls Race For Trump…”Journalists” Pack For Canada,"This is not just a win for the  Alt-Right  or for the Republican Party, this is a win for America. American voters are about to prove that it s possible for an outsider who loves his country so damn much, that he s willing walk away from a multi-billion dollar business and essentially  trade down  his glamorous NYC and Palm Beach estates, can and WILL win the most coveted prize for career politicians. For many of us, the idea of Donald J. Trump beating the odds-on favorite sociopathic liar, Hillary Clinton and her serial rapist husband, is a victory we could have never imagined only one year ago. We ve watched Donald Trump interview candidates for top jobs in his company for years on his  Apprentice  TV show. He knows how to pick a winner because he knows precisely what it takes to be a winner. After 8 long years of being kicked around and humiliated by Iran, Russia, Iraq, North Korea and China, American voters are ready for a leader to represent us, someone who gives us hope that America can, and will win again. Of course the idea of winning, or being the best at something is triggering liberals in the media to pack their suitcases and head for a more mediocre environment, one where the idea of  Making America Great  again is mocked and ridiculed. To the whiny, mediocre liberals we say,  So long Lefties!  We can never make America great again if half the nation believes we need to be sorry for our successes. So don t let the door hit ya where the good Lord split ya .And oh yeah, don t forget to come back and visit when you or a family member needs quality health care. Give us a couple of years to fix this Obamacare mess We ll be waiting If Donald Trump does sack the fortress, no one who lost the battle will want to admit it was Hillary Clinton s fault. It will have had nothing to do with, say,  transparency  or calling bearded villagers  deplorables  or the Iraq War vote or the simple fact that middle-of-the-road Clintonism ran out of gas as a public philosophy.No, other individuals, groups and forces will have to be blamed. In fact, they already are, pre-emptively. If Trump wins, we re all going to be too busy moving to Canada to read the postmortems (or write them), so we offer them to you now:1. THE MEDIA Everyone s pi ata. Trump will blame the media. Gary Johnson will blame the media. Jill Stein will blame the media. (The media will ask,  Wait, which one was Jill Stein? )2. THE RUSSIANS ARE COMING Actually, they arrived long ago and got into her phone.3. MILLENNIALS Ugh. F**cking idealists, right?4. BERNIE SANDERS Remember when people worried that running unopposed in the primary would hurt Clinton? It s going to be an endless wail about how Sanders should have withdrawn sooner.5. BILL CLINTON You know how this will go down: Best campaigner of all time and he couldn t close the sale. He lost his mojo.6. SEXISTS Ugh. F**cking glass ceiling.7. OBAMA PEOPLE If they could delete all of David Axelrod s tweets, they would.8. JAMES COMEY He might as well have indicted her for real, like he did in the court of public opinion. Extremely careless.9. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ AND THE DNC Her Soviet-style approach to boosting Clinton was something that Hillary s campaign was happy to countenance. But the former DNC chair should have left room for dissent rather than let it bottle up.  Huffington PostPlease note that nowhere on this list will you find the real reason the Democrats lost. And no, it s not Hillary it s actually the American voters desire to be great again period. ",0
19952,DISTURBING VIDEO Shows HILLARY’S Campaign Likely FAKED Her Audience At NC Rally,"On September 15, Hillary  apparently  held a rally in the Old Student Recreational Center at the University of North Carolina in Greensboro, NC. This was her first public appearance since she convulsed and had to be lifted into her van following the 9-11 memorial in NYC. Hillary s campaign was quick to blame the heat until they discovered conservative websites were able to quickly access the weather and determine that it was a balmy 74 degrees in NYC! Hillary was quickly whisked away to her daughter Chelsea s apartment following her  incident,  passing more than one hospital on the way to  recuperate.  Did Hillary recover from her  incident  or was this rally faked to make it look like she did?Here is the first video of Hillary s Greensboro, NC rally that was causing viewers to ask  what the heck are those cameras in Hillary s  audience  pointing at?  If you look closely, it sure isn t Hillary!Watch this video first, and then the video below to get a closer analysis of what appears to be a phony rally for Hillary at https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU5/status/777263623915745280This stunning video takes the viewer through and shows step-by-step where the audience is faked:Here is the actual video from C-Span to prove nothing was doctored in the videos above. Holy moly!",0
19953,WHOA! NEW DISTURBING VIDEO Shows HILLARY’S Campaign Likely FAKED Her Audience At NC Rally,"On September 15, Hillary  apparently  held a rally in the Old Student Recreational Center at the University of North Carolina in Greensboro, NC. This was her first public appearance since she convulsed and had to be lifted into her van following the 9-11 memorial in NYC. Hillary s campaign was quick to blame the heat until they discovered conservative websites were able to quickly access the weather and determine that it was a balmy 74 degrees in NYC! Hillary was quickly whisked away to her daughter Chelsea s apartment following her  incident,  passing more than one hospital on the way to  recuperate.  Did Hillary recover from her  incident  or was this rally faked to make it look like she did?Here is the first video of Hillary s Greensboro, NC rally that was causing viewers to ask  what the heck are those cameras in Hillary s  audience  pointing at?  If you look closely, it sure isn t Hillary!Watch this video first, and then the video below to get a closer analysis of what appears to be a phony rally for Hillary at https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU5/status/777263623915745280This stunning video takes the viewer through and shows step-by-step where the audience is faked:Here is the actual video from C-Span to prove nothing was doctored in the videos above. Holy moly!",0
19954,ENTIRE HIGH SCHOOL FOLLOWS KAEPERNICKS Lead In Disrespecting The National Anthem,"It seems that Colin Kaepernick has become more of an influence in our youths life then any of us would have hoped for. On one hand it is amazing that an entire high school football team wanted to  protest social injustices,  but on the other following a move that shows nothing but disrespect to this country and the men and women that have fought for it for so long is a travesty.Recently converted muslin-Colin Kaepernick from the San Francisco 49ers decided he wanted to protest oppression of the black man in America by sitting during the National Anthem. The move is spreading like an oozing wound, and unfortunately his job a role-model and mentor has been compromised.The coach of the Garfield Seattle High School football team should be ashamed of himself for not only allowing this type of action but for joining in on it!The coach stated that they will continue this action before every game  until they tell us to stop.  High schools across this nation are doing the same and it is heartbreaking to watch our youth be so very misguided.Garfield High School (Seattle) student-athletes taking a knee during the National Anthem yesterday. #Seattle pic.twitter.com/o362ugXMd2  HauteHoopla (@HauteHoopla) September 17, 2016This country needs more authority figures teaching our children what the National Anthem really means. It literally is a protest for injustices, its a hymn for those that have died for us to have our freedom, its a song that will forever remember every single action taken to create this beautiful country, and as such should be stood for. This basketball coach in the video below explains it beautifully. Thankfully there are a few like him left.H/T [ Young Cons. ]",0
19955,"DUMB AS A ROCK…Gary Johnson On NYC, MN Terror Attacks: “I’m Just Grateful That Nobody Got Hurt” [VIDEO]","Saturday s bomb blast in New York City injured 29 people, and 9 more people were stabbed by the Muslim attacker in St. Cloud, MN. on the same day. Not to worry though,  Aleppo Gary  is on top of it and he s  just glad no one got hurt. Could you just put the bong down until the campaign s over Gary? ",0
19956,Hillary Supporters Can Now Add “ANTI-TRUMP” TONY To Her “Basket Of Sex Offenders” [VIDEO],"How many Hillary supporters does it take to fill a basket of serious sex offenders? Let s see, there s Bill and then there s Bill s pedophile friend Jeffrey Epstein, and oh yeah now we can add Tony to the basket of men who assault the candidate who represents women?Something tells me Trump supporters would rather be in Hillary s imaginary basket of deplorables You might remember a Hispanic political activist named Tony Yapias, who was extremely critical of Donald Trump s assertion that some illegal Mexican aliens were rapists.Tony Yapias is the director of  Proyecto Latino de Utah . Mr. Yapias also coordinated numerous protest events against Donald Trump including a rather violent display in Salt Lake City, Utah.Yes, it appears Mexican rapist Tony Yapias felt additionally empowered by the fact his victim was less likely to be able to contact law enforcement.However, as Fox13 in Salt Lake City reports:[ ] Despite the woman s fears concerning immigration issues, court documents state, she reported the assault the day after it happened. She was also examined by a forensic nurse who found she had multiple physical injuries consistent with her explanation of what happened (link)Mr. Yapias threatened, raped and blackmailed his victim specifically because of her undocumented illegal immigration status.  Conservative TreehouseWatch Tony complain that a list was released with names of Hispanic illegal alines living in Utah. He actually calls it an act of  terrorism  against the illegal aliens.  This is how these people roll ",0
19957,"MN SOMALI Residents Comment On MUSLIM Who Stabbed Innocent People At Mall: Was “Exceptional” Student, “Helped his family…Never had a violent history”","He was such a nice boy!Where have we heard this BS before?Alleged images of reported knife attacker, 22-year-old Dahir Adan #StCloudMall #Minnesota pic.twitter.com/99irKmK3BJ  DivaKnevil   (@DivaKnevil) September 18, 2016Somali-American leaders are expressing shock and sympathy over attacks Saturday at Crossroads Center by a man from their community. Dahir Adan attacked several shoppers with a knife in the St. Cloud, Minnesota mall designated as a  gun free zone. The mall Crossroads Center has a  Code of Conduct  that forbids  firearms or illegal weapons.  There are no reports on whether there were any concealed carry permit holders who were present when the attack occurred but were unable to defend themselves due to mall policy. However, the attack was stopped by an off-duty officer who carried his gun with him, the  gun free  policy notwithstanding.Breitbart News reported the attack occurred between 8:20 and 9 pm local time. ABC affiliate KSTP reports that at least eight people were injured in the attack; the St. Cloud Times notes that one of those eight was admitted to the hospital, while the rest sustained  non-life threatening injuries.  The attack ended when the off-duty officer shot and killed the knife-welding attacker.KSTP confirms the attacker made references to Allah at some point during the attack.They say they are uncertain of motives behind the attack by Dahir Adan, who was killed during the spree by an off-duty police officer. Religious leaders point out that Islam does not condone violence, and one leader is cautioning that the actions should not prompt retaliation.  Breitbart News The entire community are shocked by this incident. The family and the community would like to know the whole picture of this incident,  said Abdul Kulane, a leader in the Somali community.  Again, our sympathy goes to the families and victims and the entire community. Leaders spoke as representatives for the family. We have came today to visit the family that was affected by this. It is really very tragic,  Kulane said.  St. Cloud and Somali community leaders, we would like to express our condolences to the victims and their families, from the incident at Crossroad mall. We would like to offer our sympathies to those affected, their families and the entire St. Cloud community. He said the family and community are awaiting the full picture of the incident from police. This is what we do know so far: The alleged suspect is Dahir Ahmed Adan. We know him in this community as an exceptional graduate from Apollo High School. He graduated with an honor. He was also a junior student from SCSU, St. Cloud State University,  Kulane said.  While maintaining a high GPA, he worked part-time as a private security officer. He was helpful to his family and as far as we know, he never had a violent history, as far as his family and the community can remember. He was a friendly and active community member. The details of the actual incident are unclear. All the information circulating in the media are speculations,  Kulane said.  These are the facts we know: He went to buy an iPhone from the Crossroads mall,  Kulane said.  The last time he was seen was 6-6:30 p.m.   SCTimes",0
19958,THE LEFT WANTS TO BAN The Word “Terror” To Avoid Offending Muslims,"On the show, Sunday Morning Futures, a far left activist ranted on about how the wor  terror  should be banned because it may offend muslims.Richard Fowler:  Here s what DeBlasio tried to do yesterday, right? Yes, it was an intentional act. Yes, it was an act of terror. The problem is when you say the word  terror  because of word association it automatically assumes you are talking about people of the Muslim faith. And that is why he said an intentional act and not terrorism because we don t know if it was Muslim. None of these organizations have taken credit for it. So before we go out and start to blame and shame a whole religion we ought to be very careful and get all the facts first. Well, Mr. Fowler, that is the most ridiculous thing ever spewed from a leftists mouth. There have been over 29,236 ISLAMIC TERRORIST attacks since 9/11. Maybe muslims wouldn t need to be offended by the word  terror  of they simply stopped committing acts of terror! As an American, anyone that is a citizen has the freedom of speech, so to dictate that any word we use that is in fact the correct word to describe attacks such as the Manhattan bombing, the New Jersey Bombing, and even the Minnesota Mall attack, is well within our rights as said American citizens.If anyone, muslim or otherwise, doesn t like that word they are free to not use it, but no one is free to strip the right to use it from everyone else.H/T [ Gateway Pundit ]",0
19959,OBAMA GUILTS CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS Members To Vote For Hillary,"Obama s narcacism was in full swing on Saturday night at the 46th Annual Legislative Conference Phoenix Awards Dinner of the Congressional Black Caucus. He spoke for almost a half an hour about how good he has been for the country, and then he manages to tell the room that they need to vote for Hillary to keep from insulting his legacy! Oh, how the mighty have fallen. My name may not be on the ballot but our progress is on the ballot. Tolerance is on the ballot. Democracy is on the ballot. Justice is on the ballot. Good schools are on the ballot. Ending mass incarceration, that s on the ballot right now. And there is one candidate who will advance those things. And there is another candidate whose defining principle, the central theme of hos candidacy is opposition to all that we have done. There s no such thing as a vote that doesn t matter. It all matters, and after we have achieved historic turnout in 2008 and 2012, especially in the African-American community, I will consider it a personal insult, an insult to my legacy, if this community lets down its guard and fails to activate itself in this election. You want to give me a good sendoff? Go vote! H/T [ Breitbart ] ",0
19960,"WOW! BLACK DALLAS Police Sergeant Sues Obama, Hillary, George Soros, Sharpton, Black Lives Matter And More For INCITING RACE WAR","Read the list of people and organizations this brave Dallas Police Sergeant is suing and tell us if you think he missed anyone who s responsible for starting a race war in America. The head of a Dallas police organization is suing a collection of Black Lives Matter figureheads and other prominent individuals for allegedly inciting racial violence against American police officers. Dallas Police Department Sergeant Demetrick Pennie, President of the Dallas Fallen Officer Foundation, filed an amended federal complaint September 16 against more than a dozen defendant institutions and individuals to build a class action case on behalf of  police officers and other law enforcement persons of all races and ethnicities including but not limited to Jews, Christians and Caucasians  for  inciting  race riots and related violence.The suit hopes to produce damages and an injunction placed against alleged threats of racially-motived violence going forward.The defendants represent a who s who of public figures in both racial and general political matters. Apart from founding members and public faces related to Black Lives Matter, Louis Farrakhan and the Nation of Islam; Rev. Al Sharpton and the National Action Network; Malik Zulu Shabazz and the New Black Panthers; George Soros; President Barack Obama; former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder; and Democrat Nominee Hillary Clinton are all included in the suit.The 66-page federal complaint alleges that each defendant individual and organization  repeatedly incited their supporters and others to engage in threats and attacks  against police officers around the nation, culminating in the July killings of five Dallas area officers with nine others wounded at a Black Lives Matter gathering. The complaint singles out George Soros as  the financier of the BLM Defendants and similar organizations with the goal of inciting a race war  and advocating violence against whites and Jews.Defendants Obama and Clinton are blamed for repeatedly endorsing behaviors carried out and surrounding Black Lives Matter.Sgt. Pennie is being represented by Larry Klayman of FreedomWatch. Layman previously founded the conservative legal watchdog Judicial Watch. VIA:  Breitbart",0
19961,COMEDY GENIUS: [Video] “Bob Ross” Paints Sick Hillary…H-I-L-A-R-I-O-U-S!,Steven Crowder knocks it out of the park with his brilliant imitation of Bob Ross painting a very sick Hillary ,0
19962,STUNNER! FLORIDA TRUMP EVENT: Former Haitian Senate President Drops CLINTON BOMBSHELL Exposing Unbelievable Corruption [VIDEO],"Former Senate President of Haiti, Bernard Sansaricq, shocked a large crowd at a Trump campaign event in Little Haiti, FL. Sansaricq exposes all of the dirty dealings of the Clinton s in Haiti while he was still in office. Donald Trump to his credit, allowed him to speak his mind and expose to the world what kind of criminals are attempting to scratch and claw their way back into our White House.Sansaricq also claims he begged the Clinton Administration not to invade Haiti. His request was followed up with a visit by an anonymous messenger from the White House who encouraged him to  side  with the Clinton Administration and he would  be the richest man in Haiti. He also suggests that Hillary Clinton  disclose the audit of all money  related to the Haiti earthquake crisis, as he claims they scammed the poorest citizens of Haiti out of BILLIONS of dollars through the Clinton Foundation. Not even 2% of that money went back to Haiti. So Mr. Trump, we are asking you, begging you, the Haitian community will side with you if one day, you ask Hillary Clinton publicly to disclose the audit of all of the money they have stolen from Haiti in 2010 after the earthquake. Haiti is a very poor country. Haiti needs defenders. You said you would champion our cause. We welcome you sir and we will work with you. Ask Hillary Clinton publicly, during your next debate for an audit of all of the money they have stolen from Haiti. Watch this stunning confession of bribery, and threats during the Clinton presidency when Bill tried to oust the regime in Haiti. ",0
19963,SCOUNDREL HILLARY SUPPORTER STARTS “TrumpLeaks” Campaign…Desperate Move!,"Hillary Clinton ally David Brock is offering to pay for new information on Donald Trump, hoping that damaging audio or video on the Republican presidential candidate will be submitted to his super PAC.Brock, founder of the left-wing Media Matters and operator of Correct the Record super PAC, recently posted the plea on Correct the Record s website and is referring to the project as  TrumpLeaks,  NBC News reported.Brock asked for video or audio of Trump that has yet to be released. One of the most important things for voters to evaluate in any election is the full measure of a candidate s views, ideas, and temperament over time,  the website states. In making a choice for president, voters must also consider how various candidates present themselves to the public and to the world. There are few things more important in that regard than access to video or audio in the form of prior television or radio interviews or more candid video from events a candidate may have attended. Brock s super PAC goes on to say they can offer compensation to anyone who has new video or audio that has been obtained legally.Read more: WFB",0
19964,MICHELLE OBAMA TO HILLARY: “If You Can’t Run Your Own House…You Certainly Can’t Run The White House” [VIDEO],"Remember when Mooch thought having #CrookedHillary back in the White House wasn t in the best interest of our nation? Yeah neither does she. Maybe someone should remind her as she hits the campaign trail to drum up support from Black female voters. I wonder if anyone is gonna miss this racist freeloader and her regular attacks on anyone whose last name isn t Obama? We sure aren t going to miss 5-Star Mooch, her mooching mother or her embarrassing spouse https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/776879408724541444",0
19965,BREAKING EXCLUSIVE: BLACK REPUBLICAN Fired From Radio Station After Spending Time With Trump In Detroit,"For just a little over four months, Wayne Bradley could be heard spreading the conservative message on Detroit s 910AM Superstation. Then GOP nominee Donald Trump came to town, and things changed drastically.We ve known soft-spoken conservative, Wayne Bradley for several years. He s never been afraid of controversy and has always stood up for his conservative beliefs.On Friday, Bradley told us in an exclusive interview that local media had reached out to him when Trump came due to his position as State Director of African American Engagement for the Republican National Committee. Bradley   who was unpaid during his time at the station   didn t mention his affiliation with 910AM, which, he said, he generally doesn t do when discussing political issues with the media.He also met Trump and posted a photo of him with the candidate. When asked, Bradley said he had nothing to do with Trump s visit and was at at the rally with a pastor.The station, which was well aware of his work with the GOP, informed him by email that he was on  hiatus  that Friday, leading him to believe he would be back on the air shortly. But that wasn t the case.He received clarification on Monday that the show was canceled   for good.It s not clear why station management decided to cancel the show.A station representative told 100 Percent FED UP,  It was a business decision on the back-end. We contacted 910AM and spoke to an administrative assistant who refused to provide her name. According to the person we spoke to, no one at the station was available for comment because they were,  very, very  busy with meetings about Bradley s dismissal.The unnamed assistant told us that a statement would be released, but she was unsure when that might happen.But that s not what station owner Kevin Adell told the Detroit News. According to that report, Bradley was allegedly fired  for violating corporate policy. He violated corporate policy, that s why he got fired. He was let go for insubordination.  But it s not clear what policy Bradley allegedly violated. Bradley suggested it may have been due to the fact he didn t plug the station during interviews with the press.Regardless of the reason, Bradley said he appreciated the opportunity to have a dialogue with the community and was very grateful to have the air time.Moreover, he said that he understands the left-wing political climate in Detroit and respects the owner s decision.While he respects the decision, he told us he was  disappointed  with management for  silencing the dialogue. Others weren t happy with the decision and made their feelings known on the station s Facebook page. 910AM where blacks are kept on the Gov ment PLANTATION and other views of them PROSPERING on their own merits is not allowed,  one person said. Your way or the hiway-not the station I want to listen to-I m out!!!  another person added. I would like to know where Wayne Bradley is at? Why is he not on the air? Shameless,  commented a third critic.Bradley, who has been in radio off and on for about six years, says he s not worried and knows that something better will come along.And, he added, he appreciates the support of the listeners who reached out to the station.Meanwhile, the Oakland County Republican Party has offered their support for Wayne Bradley and asked fellow Republicans to call Superstation 910AM at:Station Phone: (248) 278-0910 Fax: (248) 350-3422 Studio Phone: (313) 209-9000Attention: Kevin Adell, Owner of 910 AM Dody Johnson, Station ManagerIn the meantime, Bradley said he ll continue his daily outreach efforts   something he s been doing since September 2013. It s a different battle in Detroit,  he told us. The key, he added, is to  stay positive. As for the incident with 910AM, Bradley said he views it as a  minor speed bump. ",0
19966,DEPLORABLE! HILLARY’S Campaign Is In PANIC Mode…Their Latest “RACIST FROG” Story Proves It [VIDEO],"What happens when Hillary s poll numbers take a nose-dive after she s caught having convulsions in a  press-free  zone, passes out, and has to lifted into her vehicle by secret service? What happens when the public realizes Hillary is a sociopathic liar and they decide they can no longer support her, even if her genitalia matches theirs? They panic and then they resort to the most despicable act of all impugning the character of Donald J. Trump by using a FROG to paint him as a  racist!  pinning him to ONE person on Twitter who used Pepe the Frog to push a  White Nationalist  message. According to the liberal rag The Daily Beast the Twitter user is a self-proclaimed 19 yr old White Supremacist. The Hillary campaign is desperate, and is looking for any excuse they can think of to take down their formidable opponent, Donald J. Trump. How do they do it? With a frog From the Hillary.com website:Over the weekend, Donald Trump s son and one of his closest advisers posted an odd photo on their social media accounts:This raised some important questions.That s Pepe. He s a symbol associated with white supremacy.That s right.Here s the short version: Pepe is a cartoon frog who began his internet life as an innocent meme enjoyed by teenagers and pop stars alike.But in recent months, Pepe s been almost entirely co-opted by the white supremacists who call themselves the  alt-right.  They ve decided to take back Pepe by adding swastikas and other symbols of anti-semitism and white supremacy. We basically mixed Pepe in with Nazi propaganda, etc. We built that association,  one prominent white supremacist told the Daily Beast.Trump has retweeted his white supremacist supporters with regularity, but the connection between the alt-right and his campaign continues to strengthen. Trump has been slow to disavow support from Ku Klux Klansmen (HILLARY IS THE ONLY CANDIDATE WHO HAS RECEIVED OVER $20,000 IN DONATIONS FROM THE KKK AND HAS BEEN OPENLY ENDORSED BY THE HATE GROUP) and white supremacy groups, and he recently hired Breitbart.com s Steve Bannon as his campaign CEO (and Bannon isn t shy about the fact that his  news  organization is the  platform for the alt-right ).Now white supremacists have given Pepe the cartoon frog some Trump hair and the candidate s own son says he is  honored to be grouped with  him.Let me get this straight: Trump s presidential campaign is posting memes associated with white supremacy online?Yes.Like all great art, Pepe was open to endless interpretation, but at the end of the day, he meant whatever you wanted him to mean. All in good fun, teens made Batman Pepe, Supermarket Checkout Girl Pepe, Borat Pepe, Keith Haring Pepe, and carved Pepe pumpkins.But he also embodied existential angst. Pepe, the grimiest but most versatile meme of all, was both hero and antihero a symbol fit for all of life s ups and downs and the full spectrum of human emotions, as they played out online.On social media, Pepe became inescapable. Katy Perry tweeted a crying Pepe with the caption  Australian jet lag got me like,  racking up over 10,000 retweets. Nicki Minaj posted a twerking Pepe on Instagram with the caption  Me on Instagram for the next few weeks trying to get my followers back up,  which 282,000 users  liked. And then, recently, things took a turn: Pepe became socially unacceptable.Here is a screen shot of the PARODY account @JaredTSwift the Daily Beast and Hillary s campaign refer to:Yep that s it. Pepe the Frog was used by a singe Twitter user who clearly identifies his account as  PARODY,  so if Trump or anyone associated with Trump uses Pepe the Frog (who has been used by literally hundreds of thousands of social media users) Trump must be a  racist!  There is absolutely no mention of Jared Taylor Swift s support for Donald J. Trump in his bio or in his Pepe the Frog posts. But that s how these liberal rags roll, and Hillary jumped right on that bandwagon without any evidence whatsoever, in a desperate effort to tie Trump to this ONE anonymous PARODY Twitter user.This YouTube video does a great job of mocking Hillary and her campaign for attempting to pin a  racist  label on the cartoon frog in hopes that it would in turn make American voters believe Trump is a  racist  just like the cartoon frog Enjoy:",0
19967,DR. WOLF CALLS OUT HILLARY For Lying About Pneumonia Diagnosis [VIDEO],"Dr. Milton Wolf seems to have take offense at the diagnosis of Hillary Clinton. He states in no uncertain terms that  Non-Contagious Bacterial Pneumonia  does not even exist. His argument can be supported by the fact that if that was indeed what she had then why the antibiotics that supposedly don t help with bacterial type infections.You may remember Dr. Wolf from stories of him being Obama s second cousin. He has been featured on a few Mainstream Media shows to discuss many different things form his familial ties to Obama to his campaign for Kansas State Senate in 2014.These screen captures are from his recent tweets concerning Hillary and her supposed diagnosis.Is it possible that Hillary, her  doctor , and her staff are all lying once again to hide somethin more disturbing, like a neurological disorder? Clinton is very aware that the DNC has had meetings to discuss replacing her as the 2016 candidate, even going so far as discussing the possibility of Obama taking a 3rd term, so it is well within the possibility that she is panicking and trying hard to cover the truth.Not that we expect Hillary to ever tell the truth about anything, but it would be nice to know if someone who may be running this entire country is possibly suffering from a disease that may cause her to not be fully able to use her cognitive abilities to the fullest when making important decisions for the American people.In an ironic twist the YouTube link for this particular video clearly states that the two doctors featured have never even met Hillary. H/T [ Proud Cons ]",0
19968,BREAKING: TRUMP Just Made A HUGE Announcement…Proving He’s The Only Candidate Who Truly Believes #BlackLivesMatter,"Hillary pretends to care about the Black community. If she cared so much, why is she so willing to carry out the legacy of black genocide by Planned Parenthood founder and white supremacist Margaret Sanger? If she really cared about the Black community, why is she not fighting taxpayer funded Planned Parenthood abortion clinics on every inner-city corner in America? Planned Parenthood is the largest abortion provider in America. 78% of their clinics are in minority communities. Blacks make up 12% of the population, but 35% of the abortions in America.  Colored people are like human weeds and are to be exterminated.  Margaret Sanger, Planned Parenthood founderDonald Trump made a bold move today that proves his commitment to the Black community.  Trump issued a call to make permanent the Hyde Amendment that bans almost all federal taxpayer funding of abortions and is credited with saving the lives of over 1 million Americans from abortion. Trump- s call comes as Hillary Clinton is campaigning in reversing Hyde and forcing Americans to fund free abortions for women with their tax dollars.Every year, Congress is forced to fight the battle to protect Americans from being forced to pay for abortions with their tax dollars. Democrats annually fight the pro-life budget provision and hope they can eventually reverse it should they take control of both the White House and Congress.That has led to pro-life groups calling to the adoption of a permanent law putting Hyde in place long-term and making it more difficult for pro-abortion forces to reverse. Today, Trump announced his support for such a law.The call for banning taxpayer funding of abortions comes in a new letter from Trump. Trump commits to a new policy:  Making the Hyde Amendment permanent law to protect taxpayers from having to pay for abortions. Hillary Clinton s unwavering commitment to advancing taxpayer-funded abortion on-demand stands in stark contrast to the commitments I ve made,  Trump writes,  to advance the rights of unborn children and their mothers when elected president. Via: Life News",0
19969,"WHY DID WILL AND JADA PINKETT SMITH “Happily Donate” $150,000 To Radical Racist Louis Farrakhan’s Organization?","Remember Will and Jada Pinkett Smith s contribution to this racist, anti-Jew, anti-Christian clown the next time you plunk down $12   $15 to see one of his movies Here is the post taken from Louis Farrakhan s Facebook page announcing his gratitude to mega-donors Will and Jada Pinkett Smith. What s in it for Will and Jada Pinkett-Smith? Why would they make this kind of a donation to one of the most hateful and racist men in Ameirca?// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Last night in Philadelphia, The Honorable Minister Louis Farrakhan announced that he called upon Will Smith and Jada Watch Will Smith and his radical wife Jada Pinkett Smith gush over our Racist In Chief and his racist wife, Barack and Michelle Obama. He also talks about how he had to overcome the criticism of Smith s music catering to white people:https://youtu.be/ZVSA44-c9xg",0
19970,COLIN POWELL Picked On The Wrong Guy: GENERAL FLYNN Rips Him To Shreds Over Nasty Comments In Leaked Emails [VIDEO],"After General Powell s email server was hacked it seems that Hillary and Trump were not the only ones he attacked with insults and nasty rhetoric.Powell went after retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, a top Trump military adviser. Powell called Flynn  a jerk who is unchained  and a  right-wing nutty.  Powell however had to admit once called on the insults that he has actually never even met Flynn nor did he ever serve with him.He responded by stating,  Talking to people in the know, his real problem was leadership and management issues at DIA. Senior staff was in incipient revolt. He has been over the top in his comments, conduct unbecoming. But he is unchained.  He continues by saying,  Pattern of behavior which is why he was fired. Real question is how he got that far in the Army. Flynn did respond during an interview on the  Kelly File. I ve actually been called worse things by my little sister.  He went on to say,  Colin Powell, he s an amazing guy, amazing service, but he s actually, you know, as a footnote in history, he s going to be always struggling for his credibility because of the statement that he made to the United Nations that brought us into the war in Iraq. After the disparaging remarks towards Hillary, Trump, Flynn and a even a few other service members were highlighted as having been said by Powell, Flynn did caution that prominent individuals need to be more careful about what they send electronically.H/T [ Fox ] ",0
19971,OUCH! The Left’s “Other Woman” Just Landed A DIRECT HIT On Hillary…And She Is SPOT ON!,"Wow that s gonna leave a mark!When she s not being arrested for defacing public property, she s actually kinda funny!Jill Stein is no stranger to breaking the law. She currently has a warrant for out for arrest. A North Dakota Judge is charging her with criminal trespass and mischief during protest against a pipeline project on September 1st.The bottom line is, she may be a bit of a fruitcake and a rabble rouser, but she wasn t far off with her evaluation of Hillary s rallies LOL!",0
19972,SOCIOPATHIC LIAR: Hillary Hid SERIOUS Health Issues From Public In 1998 And Again In 2003,"In the end it really all comes down to character. Who can you trust? Who will look at you with a straight face and tell you what you want to hear, and who will tell you the truth even when it s not popular? It s clearly a rhetorical question and one that every voter in America should be asking themselves before risking the security of our nation under the leadership of a self-serving sociopathic liar SOCIOPATHIC LIAR: Most people have lied in their life. Whether it was to protect feelings, avoid trouble, impress, or to simply get what they want, not many people can say they have never told a lie.However, there is one extreme type of liar that you should beware of; the sociopathic liar.On first impressions, you may find you actually like or are drawn to the sociopath. It s not surprising as more often than not they are indeed charming and likable. Watch out, these type of liars can cause untold damage and mayhem once they lead you into their web of lies and deceit.Sociopaths lie the most because they are incapable of feelings and do not want to understand the impact of their lies. They may even get a thrill out of lying at your expense. Once they tell an initial lie they go on to tell many more lies in an attempt to cover up the lies they started, or just for the  fun  of it.A sociopath rarely reveals his or her feelings or emotions. You won t often hear them laugh, cry, or get angry. These kinds of liars tend to live in their own little world and always find ways to justify their dishonest deeds. They do not respect others and place their own needs first and foremost.If someone questions the sociopath s lies they can be incredibly devious in the way they cover things up. This can include placing the blame at someone else s door or by inventing complex stories to cover up their untruths.Sociopaths can be so good at lying that they are able to pass lie detector tests. This means they often escape jail or don t even get prosecuted for the crimes they permit. (That s not to say all sociopathic liars are criminals, of course).Hillary Clinton allowed her staff to mistakenly think that she had a pulled muscle rather than tell them she had a blood clot in 1998.The Democratic Presidential candidate, who was First Lady at the time, did not correct White House staffers when they assumed the problem with her right leg was due to over exercising.According to Clinton s doctor at the time, Connie Mariano,  very few  people knew the truth and her boss refused to take time of the campaign trail for her husband s re-election.Instead a nurse came with her to check on her condition and administer drugs if needed but nobody outside of her Secret Service detail was told who she was.The incident shows that Clinton s habit of choosing secrecy over coming clean has a long history.It would not be until 2003, five years after the blood clot and two years after her husband left office, that Clinton would even disclose it had happened in single paragraph in her memoir.Clinton s health has become an issue during the Presidential election after she nearly collapsed during the 9/11 memorial event at Ground Zero in New York on Sunday.A video shot by a bystander shows the 68-year-old s legs buckling as tries to get into a waiting van.Her campaign team said she was  overheated  but later that on Sunday Clinton s personal doctor revealed she had been diagnosed with pneumonia two days before   but she kept it a secret.During her decades in public life Clinton has suffered a number of health scares and her response to handling them appears to have changed little. Rear Admiral (lower half) Connie Mariano. She revealed Clinton s health secrecy in her memoirsThe first of her three blood clots happened in 1998 whilst she was campaigning for her husband Bill to get his second term as President in the face of possible impeachment over the Lewinsky scandal.According to Mariano, who as a Navy captain and latterly rear admiral (lower half), was the White House doctor for President Clinton, she told his wife that she was  at risk  for a blood clot and insisted on coming to see her on a Saturday. In her memoir The White House Doctor: My Patients Were Presidents, she takes two pages to explain how she told the First Lady:  I m worried about your leg. You ve been out on the campaign trail for some months now, sitting in cars for hours at a time. Within an hour Mariano was examining Clinton s right calf which was  swollen .Marian s initial examination caused her enough worry to insist Clinton go to Bethesda Naval Hospital for an ultrasound. Once they were there and the diagnosis confirmed Mrs Clinton  balked  at the idea of being kept into hospital so they agreed to treat her as an outpatient with blood thinning drugs.The book says:  Hillary was back on the campaign trail within days very few people knew of Hillary s blood clot at the time; she wrote about it after she left the White House.  She did have a pain in her calf but her staff thought she had pulled a muscle exercising. Via: Daily Mail ",0
19973,THIS ONE CREEPY TWEET FROM HILLARY Should Have Parents Saying: “Hands off my kids!”, ,0
19974,5 FACTS The Media Won’t Tell You About Cops Killing Blacks [VIDEO],"Scholar and journalist Heather Mac Donald toiled away early on in her career at liberal enclaves, but through her street-level reporting on social services and the police, her worldview shifted away from liberal-progressive to conservative.Her shift  was not some kind of epiphany from reading conservative principles,  but by hearing the voices of welfare recipients who told her  government aid becomes a narcotic. Her latest book,  The War On Cops  is now available for purchase. In her book, she outlines the false narrative that is being pushed by Black Lives Matter and the leftist media that law enforcement officers are  Out to get Blacks  in America.For almost two years, a protest movement known as  Black Lives Matter  has convulsed the nation. Triggered by the police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, in August 2014, the Black Lives Matter movement holds that racist police officers are the greatest threat facing young black men today. This belief has triggered riots,  die-ins,  the murder and attempted murder of police officers, a campaign to eliminate traditional grand jury proceedings when police use lethal force, and a presidential task force on policing.Even though the U.S. Justice Department has resoundingly disproven the lie that a pacific Michael Brown was shot in cold blood while trying to surrender, Brown is still venerated as a martyr. And now police officers are backing off of proactive policing in the face of the relentless venom directed at them on the street and in the media. As a result, violent crime is on the rise.The need is urgent, therefore, to examine the Black Lives Matter movement s central thesis that police pose the greatest threat to young black men. I propose two counter hypotheses: first, that there is no government agency more dedicated to the idea that black lives matter than the police; and second, that we have been talking obsessively about alleged police racism over the last 20 years in order to avoid talking about a far larger problem black-on-black crime.Let s be clear at the outset: police have an indefeasible obligation to treat everyone with courtesy and respect, and to act within the confines of the law. Too often, officers develop a hardened, obnoxious attitude. It is also true that being stopped when you are innocent of any wrongdoing is infuriating, humiliating, and sometimes terrifying. And needless to say, every unjustified police shooting of an unarmed civilian is a stomach-churning tragedy.Given the history of racism in this country and the complicity of the police in that history, police shootings of black men are particularly and understandably fraught. That history informs how many people view the police. But however intolerable and inexcusable every act of police brutality is, and while we need to make sure that the police are properly trained in the Constitution and in courtesy, there is a larger reality behind the issue of policing, crime, and race that remains a taboo topic. The problem of black-on-black crime is an uncomfortable truth, but unless we acknowledge it, we won t get very far in understanding patterns of policing. ImprimusHere are 5 indisputable facts that prove this narrative to be one big LIE:1. Cops killed nearly twice as many whites as blacks in 2015. According to data compiled by The Washington Post, 50 percent of the victims of fatal police shootings were white, while 26 percent were black. The majority of these victims had a gun or  were armed or otherwise threatening the officer with potentially lethal force,  according to Mac Donald in a speech at Hillsdale College.Some may argue that these statistics are evidence of racist treatment toward blacks, since whites consist of 62 percent of the population and blacks make up 13 percent of the population. But as Mac Donald writes in The Wall Street Journal, 2009 statistics from the Bureau of Justice Statistics reveal that blacks were charged with 62 percent of robberies, 57 percent of murders and 45 percent of assaults in the 75 biggest counties in the country, despite only comprising roughly 15 percent of the population in these counties. Such a concentration of criminal violence in minority communities means that officers will be disproportionately confronting armed and often resisting suspects in those communities, raising officers  own risk of using lethal force,  writes MacDonald.2. More whites and Hispanics die from police homicides than blacks. According to Mac Donald, 12 percent of white and Hispanic homicide deaths were due to police officers, while only four percent of black homicide deaths were the result of police officers. If we re going to have a  Lives Matter  anti-police movement, it would be more appropriately named  White and Hispanic Lives Matter,'  said Mac Donald in her Hillsdale speech.3. The Post s data does show that unarmed black men are more likely to die by the gun of a cop than an unarmed white man but this does not tell the whole story. In August 2015, the ratio was seven-to-one of unarmed black men dying from police gunshots compared to unarmed white men; the ratio was six-to-one by the end of 2015. But Mac Donald points out in The Marshall Project that looking at the details of the actual incidents that occurred paints a different picture:The  unarmed  label is literally accurate, but it frequently fails to convey highly-charged policing situations. In a number of cases, if the victim ended up being unarmed, it was certainly not for lack of trying. At least five black victims had reportedly tried to grab the officer s gun, or had been beating the cop with his own equipment. Some were shot from an accidental discharge triggered by their own assault on the officer. And two individuals included in the Post s  unarmed black victims  category were struck by stray bullets aimed at someone else in justified cop shootings. If the victims were not the intended targets, then racism could have played no role in their deaths.In one of those unintended cases, an undercover cop from the New York Police Department was conducting a gun sting in Mount Vernon, just north of New York City. One of the gun traffickers jumped into the cop s car, stuck a pistol to his head, grabbed $2,400 and fled. The officer gave chase and opened fire after the thief again pointed his gun at him. Two of the officer s bullets accidentally hit a 61-year-old bystander, killing him. That older man happened to be black, but his race had nothing to do with his tragic death. In the other collateral damage case, Virginia Beach, Virginia, officers approached a car parked at a convenience store that had a homicide suspect in the passenger seat. The suspect opened fire, sending a bullet through an officer s shirt. The cops returned fire, killing their assailant as well as a woman in the driver s seat. That woman entered the Post s database without qualification as an  unarmed black victim  of police fire.Mac Donald examines a number of other instances, including unarmed black men in San Diego, CA and Prince George s County, MD attempting to reach for a gun in a police officer s holster. In the San Diego case, the unarmed black man actually  jumped the officer  and assaulted him, and the cop shot the man since he was  fearing for his life.  MacDonald also notes that there was an instance in 2015 where  three officers were killed with their own guns, which the suspects had wrestled from them. 4. Black and Hispanic police officers are more likely to fire a gun at blacks than white officers. This is according to a Department of Justice report in 2015 about the Philadelphia Police Department, and is further confirmed that by a study conducted University of Pennsylvania criminologist Greg Ridgeway in 2015 that determined black cops were 3.3 times more likely to fire a gun than other cops at a crime scene.5. Blacks are more likely to kill cops than be killed by cops. This is according to FBI data, which also found that 40 percent of cop killers are black. According to Mac Donald, the police officer is 18.5 times more likely to be killed by a black than a cop killing an unarmed black person.Despite the facts, the anti-police rhetoric of Black Lives Matter and their leftist sympathizers have resulted in what Mac Donald calls the  Ferguson Effect,  as murders have spiked by 17 percent among the 50 biggest cities in the U.S. as a result of cops being more reluctant to police neighborhoods out of fear of being labeled as racists. Additionally, there have been over twice as many cops victimized by fatal shootings in the first three months of 2016. -Via: Daily Wire Watch Heather MacDonald explain how the lies the media and the Left are pushing about cops targeting Blacks will ultimately harm Black communities:Here is Heather MacDonald s speech at Hillsdale College in its entirety:",0
19975,WATCH: TRUMP STAYS ABOVE FRAY In Flint After Democrat Operative Minister Sets Trap To Humiliate Him During Speech,"Even the Democrat ministers can t help themselves from shutting down anyone that would dare to come into their city with an (R) after their name. And people ask why Republicans don t do more outreach in minority communities. These people are clearly not throwing out the welcome mat for the man who will likely be our next President of the United States. Wouldn t it have been refreshing to see this minister embrace Donald Trump s message of jobs for citizens and of hope for broken communities that have been ignored by Democrat ruled cities for decades? The minister of a Methodist church made national headlines after she scolded Donald Trump for injecting politics into a campaign stop.The Rev. Faith Green Timmons came on stage and stopped Trump in the middle of his remarks at Bethel United Methodist Church.Watch:She told him to stay focused on the water crisis and not Hillary Clinton. I invited you here to thank us for what we ve done in Flint, not give a political speech,  the reverend told Mr. Trump.Trump graciously complied with her demand.But something doesn t pass the smell test. Check out this screen screen shot from Rev. Timmons Facebook page: We have our chance to show Donald Trump that this nation is filled with intelligent, wise black citizens of integrity many of whom live right in Flint, Michigan,  she wrote.  What he will see is how we are braving a man-made catastrophe. HE WILL NOT USE US, WE will EDUCATE HIM!!! Well, I guess the Rev. Timmons showed Mr. Trump   ambushing him in a House of Worship. I will give her credit for hushing up a protester who kept interrupting his remarks.Mr. Trump showed great restraint and class as he complied with her request. And he deserves credit for at least trying to start a dialogue. Via: Todd Starnes ",0
19976,"BOOM! WATCH TRUMP IN FLINT: “Now, the Cars are Made in Mexico and You Can’t Drink the Water in Flint”","OUCH! Trump really put things in perspective while visiting the Democrat run city of Flint MI, plagued by unemployed auto workers and tainted water During Donald Trump s visit to Flint, Michigan on Wednesday, the Republican nominee commented on how the automobile manufacturing industry has moved to Mexico   impacting trade   and how people in Flint can t drink the water, much like the water in Mexico. It used to be cars were made in Flint, and you couldn t drink the water in Mexico,  Trump stated.  Now, the cars are made in Mexico and you can t drink the water in Flint. That s not good,  he added, as people chuckled in response.Trump: ""Now the cars are made in Mexico, and you can't drink the water in Flint"" https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://t.co/XTy1fmvsHN  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) September 14, 2016Via: Breitbart News",0
19977,WOW! WHAT HAPPENED When Somebody Asked Beyonce’s Racist Sister To Sit Down At A Concert?,"Who knew, that one of the wealthiest entertainers in America and the New Black Panthers biggest cheerleader, has a sister who is also a perpetual victim of racism? When she s not beating the shit out of her brother-in-law Jay-Z in an elevator, Solange Knowles is a professional victim of racism. Beyonc s crazier less talented sister recently attended a concert, as a fan not as a performer, and wouldn t you know it, racism reared it s ugly head. Apparently someone asked her to sit down and since she is black, it was a hostile act of racial aggression.If you have nothing better to do, and haven t already witnessed the circus that ensues when a celebrity husband cheats on his celebrity wife with another woman, forcing the sister to even the score in an elevator, you can watch it here:Back to the Solange and her racist manifesto, where she goes to great lengths to explain the racism she encounters in just about every aspect of her life, like the time she got pulled over or the other time she had to show her passport crossing an international border. She describes the perpetrators of racism as,  a product of their white supremacy and are exercising it on you without caution, care, or thought. The main point of this crazy thing was what happened to her at a recent concert. It s written from a weird 2nd person perspective, but this is what I was able to figure out:Solange took her 11-year-old son to a Kraftwerk concert. They arrived late, despite Solange s claim that she is a big fan. Right off the bat an elderly black usher had to tell her son to stop vaping. Solange claims her young son was not vaping, so therefore it was racism.It gets worse. Solange was standing up and dancing when someone behind her asked her to sit down. She refused to sit and eventually someone threw a slice of lime at her. Again: racism. She turned around to confront whoever threw the lime but nobody s white privilege would let them admit to it. For the third time, she experienced racism.Granted, this is a one-sided explanation of things. It s entirely possible that Solange was being rude and obnoxious and the people behind her gave her a gentile reminder to behave herself in public. Then again, maybe none of this stuff even happened.The crazy level rises significantly when Solange tries to put her harrowing experience in perspective by saying:You constantly see the media having a hard time contextualizing black women and men as victims every day, even when it means losing their own lives.Shit, can you believe she almost died in this racist lime attack?She then says that she isn t claiming this incident was racism, even though she said it many times, and chides the media for potentially reporting it that way, followed immediately by this:This is why many black people are uncomfortable being in predominately white spacesFrom there Solange rants about all of the racism in America and ends with the odd statement that she has  many white friends.  You know, to prove she doesn t hate white people or something.Via:  Downtrend",0
19978,"NEW EMAIL LEAKS Show How Colin Powell Really Felt About “Friend” Hillary: “Greedy, Not transformational…With A Husband Who’s Still D#*king Bimbos At Home”","Colin Powell really doesn t disclose anything we didn t know about how dishonest and corrupt Crooked Hillary and her perverted husband in these emails. There is a certain amount of joy however, that can be obtained by seeing a confession by the former Republican turncoat Colin Powell, that his trusted Democrat  friends are nothing more than a couple of  dumb  and immoral grifters   Former Secretary of State Colin Powell ripped into Hillary Clinton in several personal emails over the years, according to a document dump of hacked emails on the website DCLeaks.com.The document batch, which included emails from June of 2014 to August of 2016, gave a revealing look into the former secretary s thoughts on the 2016 election.In one 2015 email, Powell commented on Clinton s use of a private email server during her tenure at the State Department and charged that  everything HRC touches she kind of screws up. In another message from 2014, Powell said of a still-potential Clinton presidential run:  I would rather not have to vote for her.  A spokesperson for Powell confirmed to CBS News that his email had been hacked.CBS News waded through the documents and picked out some of the most interesting emails blasting the Democratic presidential nominee.Here are a few of his revealing emails:In this stunning 2014 email with Democratic donor Jeffrey Leeds, Powell had this to say of Clinton:In this email to Leeds on Aug. 18, 2015, Powell discusses his own use of private emails for State Department business:In a recent email dated Aug. 23, 2016, Powell called Clinton s excuse for using an email server a  dumb  one: ",0
19979,LIBERALS ATTACK ROB LOWE After He Offers Perfect Solution For #NFL Athletes Disrespecting National Anthem,"Conservative actor Rob Lowe has somehow managed to continue working in an industry ruled by radical leftist activists who are notorious for punishing anyone with an opposing view. We commend Lowe for taking a stand on 9-11 against these multi-millionaire athletes who feel the need to disrespect our national anthem as a way to protest their  oppression  and disdain for our law enforcement officers. Rob Lowe had a request for the NFL on Saturday night concerning the recent protests by some players over the national anthem.During the preseason, San Francisco 49ers backup quarterback Colin Kaepernick refused to stand for the national anthem before games in which his team played, saying his actions were a protest against the oppression of minorities in America. I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color,  Kaepernick told reporters. His protest relates to videos showing unarmed African-Americans around the country being fatally shot by white police officers.Kaepernick s jersey has since become the best-selling in the NFL, which has been attributed to both supporters of his cause and those he has upset, some of whom have shared videos burning the jersey. Via  Hollywood ReporterHere s Lowe s tweet and how responded to his critics:Dear @NFL Any player wants to boycott the anthem on 9/11 should be asked to remain in the locker room until kick off. It's not their moment.  Rob Lowe (@RobLowe) September 11, 2016One follower told Lowe he didn t have to like what Kaepernick was doing, but it is his right to not stand.Other Leftists on Twitter replied in the manner in which you would expect:US troops who defend & respect our flag were fighting tonight & they won't all live through it #OppressedMillionaires  100% FED UP! (@100PercFEDUP) September 14, 2016This is incredibly stupid and lacks analysis. Just like a white man. https://t.co/LUaAr0ik7d  SHE (@whitspen) September 12, 2016Lowe attempts to explain that he agrees it s the constitutional right of these multi-millionaire athletes to protest their  oppression,  but simply asks that on 9-11 they give it a rest:how is not standing up for the anthem disrespectful to the fallen?  SMB (@SMB06) September 11, 2016Here is Lowe s response to the Tweet above:I mean  I can't even. https://t.co/1N0dCDrsIc  Rob Lowe (@RobLowe) September 11, 2016South Park posted a hilarious Colin Kaepernick Anthem to Twitter, exposing the ignorance and hypocrisy of his protest against cops:Don t sit this one out! #SouthPark returns this Wednesday on @ComedyCentral with 10 all-new episodes! #mnf pic.twitter.com/EqEKquuf0g  South Park (@SouthPark) September 13, 2016 ",0
19980,YIKES! NEW BILL CLINTON RAPE Details Emerge: “Her mouth was all swollen up…It was cut…Her pantyhose were all ripped”,"Hillary s all about protecting women who are victims of rape unless of course her husband is the accused rapist In her first extensive interview in over a decade, the nurse who found Juanita Broaddrick in her hotel room immediately after Bill Clinton allegedly raped Broaddrick recounted what she says she witnessed in that room 38 years ago. She was crying,  recalled Norma Rogers, a nurse who worked for Broaddrick, who at the time was a nursing home administrator volunteering for then-Arkansas Attorney General Bill Clinton s 1978 gubernatorial bid. And the thing I think I remember most is that her mouth was all swollen up. It was cut.   Her pantyhose were all ripped,  Rogers stated in dramatic, lengthy new testimony.Rogers drove Broaddrick back home after the incident. This week, she recounted that emotional drive.  I think we stopped at least twice to get ice. I would go up and get fresh ice and put it on her mouth because she was trying to keep her face from bruising and looking like something bad had happened to her, you know. It was just crazy. The whole situation was just crazy. Rogers was speaking in a lengthy interview on this reporter s talk radio program,  Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,  broadcast on New York s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM in Philadelphia.Events leading to incidentRogers took listeners back to the spring of 1978 when she traveled to Little Rock for an industry convention along with her nursing home boss, Broaddrick. The two shared a room at the city s Camelot Hotel.In an interview with me in November, Broaddrick herself provided background on her personal encounters with Clinton leading up to that infamous day.Broaddrick said Clinton previously singled her out during a campaign stop at her nursing home.  He would just sort of insinuate, you know when you are in Little Rock let s get together. Let s talk about the industry. Let s talk about the needs of the nursing homes and I was very excited about that. Broaddrick said she finally took Clinton up on that offer when she traveled to Little Rock with Rogers for the convention.Broaddrick says she phoned Clinton s campaign headquarters to inform him of her arrival and was told by a receptionist that Clinton had left instructions for her to reach him at his private apartment. I called his apartment and he answered,  Broaddrick recounted during our November interview.  And he said,  Well, why don t we meet in the Camelot Hotel coffee room and we can get together there and talk.  And I said  That would be fine. Clinton then changed the meeting location from the hotel coffee shop to Broaddrick s room. A time later and I m not sure how long it was, he called my room, which he said he would do when he got to the coffee shop. And he said,  There are too many people down here. It s too crowded. There s reporters and can we just meet in your room? And it sort of took me back a little bit, Aaron,  she said of Clinton s request. But I did say, okay, I ll order coffee to the room, which I did and that s when things sort of got out of hand. And it was very unexpected. It was, you might even say, brutal. With the biting of my lip. In the new interview, Rogers confirmed Broaddrick s version of events:I just know when I left that morning it was my understanding that she was going to be meeting with Mr. Clinton downstairs in the coffee shop for a meeting that they had planned ahead of time to discuss nursing home issues.Bloody lip. Ripped pantyhose. State of shock.Broaddrick previously recounted the aftermath of the incident, when her friend Rogers came back to the room after Broaddrick failed to show up to the convention.In our radio interview, Rogers recounted what she says she saw upon entering the room.I went back to the room and I can t remember if it was because she didn t come down to the meeting because I expected her to have a short meeting and then come to the meeting. And so I went back up to the room and when I went back into the room and she was just very, very upset. She was crying.And the thing I think I remember most is that her mouth was all swollen up. It was cut. And she just told me. She started then telling me the story of how he had just basically overtaken her and bit her lip in order to keep her quiet and to keep her from trying to leave or get away from him. And then she proceeded to tell me that he had pushed her onto the bed, and had raped her.Her pantyhose were all ripped. And she was just in a terrible state. Crying and just, she began telling me, you know, what had happened.But in the meantime she was starting to get her things together and she said we are leaving now. And you know we just started getting our stuff together and I drove her home.Asked whether Broaddrick s lip was bleeding, Rogers replied,  There were obviously open spots where he had bitten her. It was open but not openly bleeding. You know it was just open spots on her lip. Read entire story here: Breitbart News",0
19981,"Flint’s #CrookedMayorWeaver Tells Trump He’s Not Welcome In Broken, Jobless, Violent Democrat Ruled City","Flint s Democrat Mayor Karen Weaver is throwing a hissy fit over Trump s  unannounced  visit to the broken, violent city of Flint, MI. Mayor Weaver is currently embroiled in a lawsuit after former City Administrator Natasha Henderson blew the whistle on her for allegedly trying to steer money from a charity for local families into a campaign fund. Henderson claims she was wrongfully fired for blowing the whistle on Hillary s loyal minion, the mayor of the city of Flint. Donald Trump will be visiting the broken, violent city of Flint today, where he plans to visit a church and the Flint Water Treatment Plant.  But one of Hillary s biggest cheerleaders won t be throwing out the welcome mat Flint Mayor Karen Weaver says she s baffled by the visit, and didn t receive a call from Trump s campaign ahead of time.Does Trump need to get clearance from Hillary s  de facto  Flint campaign manager before he can visit a violent and broken city that s been destroyed for decades by Democrats?  I would think, if you are very concerned about Flint and the people, you would contact the mayor and want to have a conversation about what s going on   so that puts a question mark in my mind that I wasn t even contacted or notified about something today about something tomorrow,  says Weaver.Weaver is in Washington D.C. and will not be in Flint during Trump s visit. I had not been notified by Donald Trump or his people   finally, this afternoon, a call to my press person, but I did not know. These plans were made without contacting me. Her reaction when she was contacted by Trump s campaign? That s kind of not the way it s supposed to go   I wish that he had come when things were in more dire straits   maybe before we had even received help   when the debates were going on. We were crying out for a long time. The fact that Trump didn t rush to Flint, MI for a photo-op when Hillary and Bernie were making regular visits as part of their pandering for the Black vote effort in a city ignored for decades by Democrats, speaks volumes about Trump s serious nature. Americans are getting to see firsthand how a successful businessman approaches serious issues vs. how a career politician promises to fix issues with no real plan to ever come back once the press packs it up and leaves these broken neighborhoods. Trump s desire to create jobs for people who have been unemployed for decades is real and the Democrats biggest fear is that his message is resonating in these forgotten neighborhoods. ",0
19982,HOW HILLARY DESTROYED This Man’s Life To Hide Her Incompetence In #Benghazi,"Does anyone even care that this American man was picked out of thin air to be used as a scape goat to cover for Hillary s incompetence? One day he s an innocent man making third rate videos and posting them on Youtube, and the next day, he s being hauled off to jail for a video he produced that Hillary and her lying staff claimed inspired a terror attack in Benghazi! This could have been any American. Of all the evil things Hillary has done, this has to rank at the top, just below the four dead Americans who she left unprotected to die in Benghazi. Yet, the Benghazi Butcher rolls on without missing a beat, as the mainstream media cheers her on like she s the horse they re betting on at the Kentucky Derby In September 2012 Hillary blamed an  awful internet video  for the deaths of four American heroes in Benghazi.Hillary Clinton made the statements as the bodies of the four dead Americans were brought back to US soil.She made the public comments just three days after the assault on the compound that killed Ambassador Chris Stevens, Sean Smith, Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty.But thanks to leaked Wikileaks emails we now know that Hillary Clinton wrote Chelsea during the Benghazi attacks telling her Americans were killed by an al-Qaeda like group.Hillary later lied and blamed the attack on a YouTube video. And the director of the YouTube video was later arrested.Nakoula Basseley Nakoula (C) is escorted out of his home by Los Angeles County Sheriff s officers in Cerritos, California September 15, 2012 (Reuters / Bret Hartman)Four years after the deadly Benghazi terrorist attack Hillary Clinton is running for president and Nakoula Basseley Nakoula is broke, destitute and living in a homeless shelter.And ISIS is in control of much of Libya.FOX News reported:Four Americans died in the 2012 terror attack in Benghazi, and those who survived saw their stories of heroism told in a Hollywood movie, but the filmmaker whose work was wrongly blamed for touching off the event lives in obscurity, poverty and fear, FoxNews.com has learned.Nakoula Basseley Nakoula, the Coptic Christian whose short video  The Innocence of Muslims  was initially faulted for sparking the Sept. 11, 2012 terror attack at U.S. diplomatic compounds in Libya, is now living in a homeless shelter run by First Southern Baptist Church in Buena Park, Calif. He has served time in prison, been shamed publicly by the White House and threatened with death. Hmmm I wonder if Hillary is willing to  cough up  (pun intended) a few of her secret service agents to help protect the life of this innocent man, who will forever live in the fear of being killed by Muslim extremists.",0
19983,JOHN KERRY’S STATE DEPT Reportedly Funneled Over $9 MILLION To His Daughter’s Foundation,"So much for  the most transparent administration in history Because the step-daughter of Theresa Heinz-Kerry, a woman who is reportedly worth a cool billion, needs her daddy to steal from US taxpayers to help fund her non-profit? It looks like John Kerry is using his position as Secretary of State to enrich his family, just like his predecessor Hillary Clinton did.More than $9 million of Department of State money has been funneled through the Peace Corps to a nonprofit foundation started and run by Secretary of State John Kerry s daughter, documents obtained by The Daily Caller News Foundation show.The Department of State funded a Peace Corps program created by Dr. Vanessa Kerry and officials from both agencies, records show. The Peace Corps then awarded the money without competition to a nonprofit Kerry created for the program.Initially, the Peace Corps awarded Kerry s group   now called Seed Global Health   with a three-year contract worth $2 million of State Department money on Sept. 10, 2012, documents show. Her father was then the chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, which oversees both the Department of State and the Peace Corps.Seed secured a four-year extension in September 2015, again without competition. This time, the Peace Corps gave the nonprofit $6.4 million provided by the Department of State while John Kerry was secretary of state.Seed also received almost $1 million from a modification to the first award, as well as from Department of State funds the group secured outside the Peace Corps.The Peace Corps program   called the Global Health Service Partnership (GHSP)   sends volunteer physicians and nurses to medical and nursing schools in Malawi, Tanzania, Uganda and Liberia, according to Seed s website. More than 40 clinical educators worked at 13 sites in the 2014-2015 program.Kerry and government officials colluded to launch the program and ensure that Seed would get the contract.Is there anyone in this administration who s not using their power and influence to enrich themselves?Rich, liberal elitists pretend they re all about helping people while engorging themselves at the troth on the taxpayer s dime.Time for them to go.  American LookoutVia:Daily Caller",0
19984,BREAKING: MORE HACKED E-MAILS From DNC Released By A Vengeful Guccifer,"It s not the first time that the name of Vladimir Putin has been brought up in the US presidential campaign, but this time the US president used this  argument  while openly campaigning for Clinton against Trump. The situation has become  really ludicrous and it borders on the ridiculous,  believes Gregory R. Copley, editor of Defense & Foreign Affairs. In my 50 odd years covering the US government, I have never seen this level of partisanship within the administration where a sitting president actually regards the opposition party as the enemy of the state,  Copley told RT.The analyst said that the democrats are  blaming the messenger to revert the attention from the message. The message which Donald Trump delivered on RT was unambiguous in his campaign. Just like the fact that WikiLeaks revelation of the hacked emails was very explicit in showing up what the Democratic party itself was doing,  Copley added.The US establishment is  sacrificing key bilateral relationships in order to win [a] domestic election,  believes Copley. He added that neither Obama nor Clinton are interested in unifying the country, but they are rather  interested in winning and engaging in what modern democracy seems to have become   the tyranny of the marginal majority over the marginal minority. When you think about the number of times that the Clinton campaign has brought up President Putin and the alleged Russian hacking of Hillary Clinton s service, it makes you wonder just how desperate they are,  Copley noted.  President Obama has lost literally all prestige in an international community with the loss of prestige he has become desperate.  Read more: RTAnother round of hacked Democratic National Committee documents have been released. Provided by an anonymous representative of a hacker, Guccifer, the 500 megabytes detail the DNC s information technology infrastructure and internal reports on donors.Forbes reports that on Tuesday in London at the Future of Cyber Security Europe conference, Guccifer addressed cybersecurity experts through an unknown and remote transcriber.The notorious hacker then shared a trove of documents ostensibly obtained via a breach of the DNC s cybersecurity. According to Forbes, a password and login was given to them, and the documents they accessed appeared to show details of DNC donors and finances as well as the information technology setup to protect the sensitive data.In July, just as the Democratic National Convention was getting underway, WikiLeaks released the results of the first DNC hack carried out by Guccifer. That hack revealed signs of bias in favor of Hillary Clinton over her primary opponent Bernie Sanders, and consequently led to the resignation of the DNC chair, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, as well as several other top officers.The DNC responded to the latest hack claim Tuesday through its Interim Chair Donna Brazile, who stated that the  DNC is the victim of a crime,  which she blamed on  Russian state-sponsored agents,  while also cautioning that the hacked documents were still being authenticated by the DNC legal team, as  it is common for Russian hackers to forge documents.  ",0
19985,ANTI-GUN Zealot KATIE COURIC Hit With $12 MILLION Defamation Lawsuit By 2nd Amendment Group [VIDEO]," Little Miss Sunshine  has fooled a lot of people over the years into believing her she was just some innocuous, peppy little host with everyone s best intentions as her primary concern. Unfortunately, Katie Couric may have just ironically  shot herself in the foot  when she and her director Stephanie Soechtig edited their anti-gun documentary Under the Gun in order to make a gun rights group in Virginia look as if they couldn t answer a simple question.Here s Rush Limbaugh explaining how Katie Couric deceived her viewers with her anti-gun  documentary : They re now facing a $12 million defamation lawsuit, according to documents provided to Bearing Arms.Second Amendment rights advocacy organization the Virginia Citizens Defense League (VCDL), along with two of its members, today filed a $12 million defamation lawsuit against Katie Couric, director Stephanie Soechtig, Atlas Films, and Studio 3 Partners LLC d/b/a Epix for false and defamatory footage featured in the 2016 documentary film Under the Gun. The film portrays a fictional exchange in which members of the VCDL appear silent, stumped, and avoiding eye contact for nearly nine seconds after Katie Couric asks a question about background checks. An unedited audio recording of the interview reveals that contrary to the portrayal in the film the VCDL members had immediately begun responding to Couric s question.In the filing, the VCDL, Daniel L. Hawes, Esq., and Patricia Webb allege that the filmmakers knowingly and maliciously manufactured the fictional exchange by splicing in footage that the filmmakers took surreptitiously after telling the interviewees to be silent for ten seconds so that recording equipment could be calibrated. The filing also contains side-by-side screenshots of the film s footage of the VCDL members and anti-gun advocates, alleging that the filmmakers manipulated lighting to cast shadows on the VCDL members and to make them appear sinister and untrustworthy.  We were horrified to see how Couric and her team manipulated us and the video footage to make us look like fools who didn t stand up for the Second Amendment,  said Mr. Philip Van Cleave, President of the VCDL.  We want to set the record straight and hold them accountable for what they ve done. You shouldn t intentionally misrepresent someone s views just because you disagree with them. The lawsuit, filed in federal court (United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia  Richmond Division), seeks $12 million in compensatory damages, plus punitive damages. The VCDL, Mr. Hawes, and Ms. Webb are represented by Tom Clare, Libby Locke, and Megan Meier of Clare Locke LLP, a boutique law firm specializing in defamation litigation. The fraud committed by Couric and Soechtig should be a career ender for both women, who have been unashamed of their behavior.What is not yet known is if Couric, Soetchtig, and one of their producers will face federal gun crimes criminal charges for obvious felonies they committed in Arizona while making the anti-gun film. Soechtig has now twice confessed (on video and in writing) to committing federal felony crimes that should lead to criminal charges against at least her and the Colorado producer (believed to be Kanau), along with any other Under the Gun staff/producers who took part in the conspiracy to make these clearly illegal interstate sales.ATF Phoenix Special Agent in Charge (SAC) Thomas Atteberry and Assistant Special Agent in Charge (ASAC) Mickey D. Leadingham have little recourse other than to start an investigation into the confessed crimes.You can read the defamation case against Couric here (PDF).Among other things, the complaint alleges that,  The Defendants manipulated the footage in service of an agenda: they wanted to establish that there is no basis for opposing universal background checks by fooling viewers into believing that even a panel of pro-Second Amendment advocates could not provide one. The Defendants intentionally disregarded the truth of the actual exchange that had taken place and took at least six intentional steps to manufacture a fictional exchange to support their agenda. In addition to editing footage of VCDL members, the suit alleges that Soechtig s film crew used lighting tricks to make VCDL members look shadowed and sinister, while favoring gun control supporters with much more flattering lighting.For entire story: Bearing ArmsHere is a clip showing how Katie Couric edited  Under the Gun  to make gun owners look like they don t have an answer to what she has framed as an  unanswerable  question: ",0
19986,KID ROCK UNLOADS On Colin Kaepernick At Packed Fenway Park Concert…Crowd Goes WILD! [VIDEO],"During his performance of  Born Free  at a packed Fenway Park in Boston, Kid Rock took a moment to express his feelings about multi-millionaire NFL QB Colin Kaepernick s decision to kneel during the national anthem as a way to protest Black  oppression  in America.Watch here:This isn t the first time conservative rocker, Kid Rock fought back against race-baiting activists. When the word got out about Kid Rock being chosen as the Detroit NAACP s Great Expectations Award recipient in 2015, Black activists went nuts.Never mind that he was raising a black son who he fathered when he was just starting out in his career, and that he might be a good role model for black fathers who had abandoned their children and looked up to him as a former Detroiter. Never mind all of the good work he had done for the Black community in Detroit. Local Black activists joined with the National Action Network and condemned their choice for the award, as Kid Rock dared to use the politically incorrect Confederate flag at some of his southern rock performances. They insisted he denounce the Confederate flag and stop displaying it at his concerts.FOX News reports Kid Rock released a statement to them in response, with the host modifying it on-air to say:  please tell the people who are protesting to kiss my ask me some questions. Grammy-nominated artist Kid Rock told nearly 10,000 people at the Detroit NAACP branch s annual fundraising dinner that his use of the Confederate flag during on-stage performances has nothing to do with how he feels about blacks. I love America. I love Detroit, and I love black people,  the musician said Sunday night during the annual Fight for Freedom Fund dinner at Cobo Center.Kid Rock, whose real name is Robert Ritchie, used the event to diffuse criticism aimed at the Detroit NAACP branch which honored him with its Great Expectations Award. Kid Rock, who has travelled overseas on numerous occasions to entertain and visit our troops has proven time and time again how much respect he has for our troops and for our nation through his actions.Hey Colin here s how a real man respects the sacrifices of our military: ",0
19987,IF HILLARY HAS TO DROP OUT Of The Race…Here’s What Will Happen,"After months of speculation about Hillary s poor health, she appeared to have a pretty serious  episode  after leaving the 9-11 memorial service in NYC. Fortunately, someone was able to capture her on video in a  press-free zone,  as she appeared to be having convulsions and collapsing, forcing the secret service to physically lift her into her vehicle. Many in the media are saying the Democrat Party is scrambling to figure out what to do if Hillary is FORCED to drop out of the race. Of course Hillary wouldn t leave the race on her own for the good of the country or for the good of her party. This is her final shot at the highest office in our nation, and she has already proven there is nothing that will get in her way from her lifelong goal of becoming our first female President. No lie is too big and no scandal will take her down. It s her turn. But in the event that she ends up incapacitated by her illness which, according to many prominent physicians looks more like Parkinson s Disease, here s what would happen if she was forced to drop out:It s never happened before, but if Hillary Clinton has to drop out before Election Day, the Democratic National Committee would pick a successor   and it wouldn t have to be runningmate Tim Kaine.If Donald Trump faced the same situation, the Republican National Committee would select a GOP replacement, perhaps by reconvening 2,472 delegates.Clinton s near collapse over the weekend, coupled with the ages of the two major candidates, have brought the far-flung scenarios into the realm of possibility.There s 55 days until the election as of Tuesday and military and overseas ballots are mailed 45 days before the polls open.Thirty-seven states have some sort of early voting, with North Carolina being the first by mail on Sept. 9.What would really complicate matters is if a nominee had to drop out when ballots have already been cast. It would be an unprecedented, complicated mess,  one election lawyer said.The Electoral College would then select the next president.If the electors couldn t agree, the House of Representatives would make the selection.  NYP",0
19988,MULTI-MILLIONAIRE #NFL PLAYERS Take Knee During National Anthem On 9-11 To Protest “OPPRESSION” Next To Armed Forces Who Risk Their Lives For Less Than 20K Per Year [VIDEO],"Does anyone else find it ironic that black multi-millionaire athletes are protesting oppression in America after 8 years of our first Black President?How much courage does it take for these multi-millionaire athletes to stand in protest against the flag our US military members defend with their lives every day? Members of our Armed Forces are making between $17,892 and $34,696 in basic pay, depending upon time served in the military and rank. But yeah we can see why you multi-millionaire punks who are treated like royalty wherever you go, are all feeling so oppressed that you need to disrespect our flag and the brave men and woman who stand on the field next to you, while you spit on their sacrifices as a way to promote Obama s Black Lives Matter legacy NFL player-activists continued to take a knee Sunday during the national anthem to protest alleged oppression of blacks in America.On Sunday in Seattle, Dolphins running back Arian Foster, wide receiver Kenny Stills, safety Michael Thomas, and linebacker Jelani Jenkins took a knee as everyone else rose to honor America. They are taking a knee for  injustice in America,  according to civil-rights activist Shaun King.But what is the end game? How will we know when the injustice has subsided to the point so they can stand again?Perhaps when the murder rate in Chicago falls. It s currently on a record pace (512 so far this year) with most of the victims African-American. Or maybe when the black teen unemployment employment rate of 31 percent, six times higher than the national average, improves.Maybe that is what the NFL activists are waiting on, for these two oppressive situations to be fixed.Watch here:We will see. Don t hold your breath. This seems like a one-note song   it s clearly an extension of the Black Lives Matter movement, and it s about police killing a few unarmed black suspects. Via: Breitbart News ",0
19989,YOUR BLOOD WILL BOIL When You See Why College Students Were Forced To Stand Guard Over Thousands Of U.S. FLAGS Meant To Honor 9-11 Victims On Their Liberal Campus,"This is how coddled kids who have never had to deal with losing an innocent family member, friend or co-worker at the hands of evil Islamic terrorists behaves At Occidental College on Saturday, vandals trashed 2,977 U.S. flags planted in the quad to memorialize those who died on Sept. 11.The students who planted the small American flags found them uprooted and thrown in campus garbage cans. Every last flag. Some were even snapped in half.Not only that, dozens of makeshift fliers accompanied the vandalism. Taped to benches and other surfaces, most of the fliers stated  R.I.P.  to 9/11 victims as well as to 1.45 million Iraqis who died  during the U.S. invasion for something they didn t do. Sophomore Alan Bliss, a math and economics major who helped lead the effort to plant the flags, told The College Fix in a telephone interview Sunday that when he and a friend came across the destroyed memorial, three students confronted him and said they found the display  triggering.  He said the students also accused him of white privilege and ignorance.Occidental is a small liberal-arts college in Los Angeles known as far-left. President Barack Obama attended for two years before transferring to Columbia. So when the right or even moderates try to do something on campus there is extreme push back,  Bliss said of his school, adding conservatives are a  silent majority  there and some students are even scared of speaking up against progressives for fear of retribution.As for the display, Bliss said it was installed Saturday afternoon by his conservative student club, which is affiliated with the College Republican National Committee and Young Americans for Freedom, the latter of which helped sponsor the  Never Forget  memorial project.Later that night Bliss said he learned bandits had uprooted and tossed the flags. When Bliss and his friend arrived at the scene, it was 12:30 a.m. Sunday morning. The three students who told Bliss the display is triggering denied involvement in the vandalism, he said.Campus safety was called and officers took statements from Bliss as well as the other three students.Meanwhile, Bliss added, as word spread on social media that the  Never Forget  memorial was razed, students left their dorm rooms in the middle of the night to help replant the flags. As students came home from parties, they chipped in, too. They were just like,  I am not Republican, I am not conservative, but this is a terrible act,  Bliss said.  They stayed there late into the night, 2 a.m., planting flags. It was pretty amazing, it was pretty touching. A Facebook post from the club offers more details on the long evening:  Later that morning, a few of us stood guard at the memorial. Four Occidental students came up and snapped a few flags right in our faces. When we confronted them, those cowards got away as fast as they possibly could. When Bliss (pictured) and his friends returned to the display after breakfast Sunday morning, he said he found another 100 flags trashed. And again, Bliss and his peers replanted.Bliss, 20, co-founder and president of the club, which he alanblisslaunched in the spring of 2016, said he plans to fight back.  The College Fix",0
19990,"HILLARY’S PHYSICIAN CLAIMS She Has Pneumonia…Does Pneumonia Cause Convulsions?…Do People With Pneumonia Hug Little Girls, Expose Newborn Grandchildren? [VIDEO]","Hillary s been coughing to the point of almost passing out, spewing strange objects into her glass of water, flinging metal pieces from her pant legs, and convulsing as secret service agents lift her into her vehicle. So today, her doctor  clarified  what s been causing her Parkinson s disease like symptoms. Her doctor claims she has pneumonia, and that she s had it since last Friday. Do people who have pneumonia lie about it to reporters and blame their bizarre coughing fits on allergies? Do they convulse? Do they visit their daughter and her newborn baby unannounced after being lifted into their car by secret service? Secretary Clinton has been experiencing a cough related to allergies,  Dr. Lisa R. Bardack said in the statement.  On Friday, during follow up evaluation of her prolonged cough, she was diagnosed with pneumonia. She was put on antibiotics, and advised to rest and modify her schedule. While at this morning s event, she became overheated and dehydrated. I have just examined her and she is now re-hydrated and recovering nicely. Walking pneumonia can be contagious and between the ceremony today and the Barbra Streisand event on Friday night, she was among hundreds of people.Today, including Chuck Schemer and Bill De Blasio.  WZEither she s lying gasp! or she s incredibly selfish or maybe she s just both?The touchy, feely infected with pneumonia Hillary can be seen here at the 9-11 memorial service, clearly taking every precaution to not infect everyone around her (that is, if she indeed does have pneumonia and not Parkinson s disease:She also staged a hug with a little girl outside Chelsea s apartment following her convulsions and falling down episode hours earlier:",0
19991,TAKE THEM OFF OR PAY HUGE FINE! #NFL Won’t Allow Player To Honor 9-11 Victims With Memorial Cleats…Disrespecting Our Flag On 9-11 Is A-Okay,"We re still waiting for the NFL to make a statement about the disrespectful protests by multi-millionaire players who plan to protest an  oppressive  America and the cops who defend the stadiums, keeping fans and players safe while they play football on 9-11 Even as the NFL turns a blind eye to the lengthening list of players protesting America by refusing to stand for the national anthem, the league has decided to crack down on a player who announced his intention to wear cleats to memorialize the vicious terror attacks on September 11, 2001. Now a police union is vowing to pay the player s NFL fine if he ll wear them despite the league s punishment.The NFL has officially banned Tennessee Titans linebacker Avery Williamson from wearing cleats custom made as a memorial to the victims and first responders who fell in the line of duty during that terrible day on 9/11.In response the disappointed Williamson announced that instead of wearing them during Sunday s game with the Minnesota Vikings he would auction them off with the proceeds going to benefit Operation Warrior Wishes.But after hearing of the NFL s denial of Williamson s request to honor the fallen, two police unions stepped forward pledging to pay what would be a $6,000 NFL fine if the player ignored the league s demands and wore them anyway.For his part, the player said he doesn t want to cause anyone any trouble and just wanted to do a nice thing for the country. I don t want to draw negative attention, so I m just going to focus on playing the game,  Williamson said of the ban on the cleats.  Once I heard from them, I didn t even try to argue anything. I just left it alone. I didn t want to press the issue. The shoes Williamson calls his  patriot cleats  are blue with red- and white-striped Nike swooshes featuring the words  Never Forget  and  9/11  on the back. Also a number  11  representing the Twin Towers appear. The shoes were airbrushed by True Blue Customs in Lexington, Kentucky.In its denial the NFL reminded Williamson that all teams must be uniform on the field and no single player may wear unauthorized gear or sport special decorations upon that gear. The ban is usually aimed at keeping unauthorized financial sponsorships from appearing on field.This isn t the first time the NFL has denied a player s request to honor police or first responders, even as other players are permitted to indulge protests against the U.S.A. and support for Black Lives Matter.Only last month the NFL refused to allow the Dallas Cowboys to wear decals on their helmets showing support for the Dallas Police Department, which lost five officers in one terrible attack in July.The  Arm In Arm  decal was to have been worn when the team opened its preseason schedule during a game with the Los Angeles Rams.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
19992,"DISGUSTING! DEEPLY ENTRENCHED, BIG MONEY TIES Between FBI Director James Comey And #CrookedHillary Clinton Are Revealed","Oh what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive .A review of FBI Director James Comey s professional history and relationships shows that the Obama cabinet leader   now under fire for his handling of the investigation of Hillary Clinton   is deeply entrenched in the big-money cronyism culture of Washington, D.C. His personal and professional relationships   all undisclosed as he announced the Bureau would not prosecute Clinton   reinforce bipartisan concerns that he may have politicized the criminal probe.These concerns focus on millions of dollars that Comey accepted from a Clinton Foundation defense contractor, Comey s former membership on a Clinton Foundation corporate partner s board, and his surprising financial relationship with his brother Peter Comey, who works at the law firm that does the Clinton Foundation s taxes.HSBC HoldingsIn 2013, Comey became a board member, a director, and a Financial System Vulnerabilities Committee member of the London bank HSBC Holdings. Mr. Comey s appointment will be for an initial three-year term which, subject to re-election by shareholders, will expire at the conclusion of the 2016 Annual General Meeting,  according to HSBC company records.HSBC Holdings and its various philanthropic branches routinely partner with the Clinton Foundation. For instance, HSBC Holdings has partnered with Deutsche Bank through the Clinton Foundation to  retrofit 1,500 to 2,500 housing units, primarily in the low- to moderate-income sector  in  New York City. Retrofitting  refers to a Green initiative to conserve energy in commercial housing units. Clinton Foundation records show that the Foundation projected  $1 billion in financing  for this Green initiative to conserve people s energy in low-income housing units.Who Is Peter Comey?When our source called the Chinatown offices of D.C. law firm DLA Piper and asked for  Peter Comey,  a receptionist immediately put him through to Comey s direct line. But Peter Comey is not featured on the DLA Piper website.Peter Comey serves as  Senior Director of Real Estate Operations for the Americas  for DLA Piper. James Comey was not questioned about his relationship with Peter Comey in his confirmation hearing.DLA Piper is the firm that performed the independent audit of the Clinton Foundation in November during Clinton-World s first big push to put the email scandal behind them. DLA Piper s employees taken as a whole represent a major Hillary Clinton 2016 campaign donation bloc and Clinton Foundation donation base.DLA Piper ranks #5 on Hillary Clinton s all-time career Top Contributors list, just ahead of Goldman Sachs.And here is another thing: Peter Comey has a mortgage on his house that is owned by his brother James Comey, the FBI director.Peter Comey s financial records, obtained by Breitbart News, show that he bought a $950,000 house in Vienna, Virginia, in June 2008. He needed a $712,500 mortgage from First Savings Mortgage Corporation.But on January 31, 2011, James Comey and his wife stepped in to become Private Party lenders. They granted a mortgage on the house for $711,000. Financial records suggest that Peter Comey took out two such mortgages from his brother that day.This financial relationship between the Comey brothers began prior to James Comey s nomination to become director of the FBI.DLA Piper did not answer Breitbart News  question as to whether James Comey and Peter Comey spoke at any point about this mortgage or anything else during the Clinton email investigation.Peter Comey Re-Designed the FBI BuildingFBI Director James Comey grew up in the New Jersey suburbs with his brother Peter. Both Comeys were briefly taken captive in 1977 by the  Ramsey rapist,  but the boys managed to escape through a window in their home, and neither boy was harmed.James Comey became a prosecutor who worked on the Gambino crime family case. He went on to the Bush administration, a handful of private sector jobs, and then the Obama administration in 2013.Peter Comey, meanwhile, went into construction.After getting an MBA in real estate and urban development from George Washington University in 1998, Peter Comey became an executive at a company that re-designed George Washington University between 2004 and 2007 while his brother was in town working for the Bush administration.In January 2009, at the beginning of the Obama administration, Peter Comey became  a real estate and construction consultant  for Procon Consulting.Procon Consulting s client list includes  FBI Headquarters Washington, DC. So what did Procon Consulting do for FBI Headquarters? Quite a bit, apparently. According to the firm s records:Procon provided strategic project management for the consolidation of over 11,000 FBI personnel into one, high security, facility.Since 1972 the Federal Bureau of Investigation has had its headquarters in a purpose built 2.1 million square foot building on Pennsylvania Avenue. Having become functionally obsolete and in need of major repairs, GSA and the FBI were considering ways to meet the space needs required to maintain the Bureau s mission and consolidate over 11,000 personnel.Procon assisted GSA in assessing the FBI s space needs and options for fulfilling those needs. Services provided included project management related to site evaluations, budgeting, due diligence, and the development of procurement and funding strategies.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
19993,FLASHBACK: GRAPHIC VIDEO SHOWS Hillary Supporters Beating “Deplorable”Trump Supporters Bloody,"Did Hillary forget about her  deplorable  supporters who beat innocent Trump supporters bloody at one rally after another only a few months ago? But WE are the #BasketOfDeplorables? Share this. Because we aren't! pic.twitter.com/vRN2GqIYzo  Black Women 4 Trump (@TallahForTrump) September 10, 2016",0
19994,WOW! OBAMA Just DESTROYED Hillary With This Tweet…From 4 Years Ago!,"Here s the video clip that captured Hillary insulting and  writing off nearly half the country. And here s Mitt Romney s comments at a private event that was secretly recorded. Many will argue that his  47% of Obama supporters are entitled  comment helped to sink his candidacy. We actually think Romney was unfairly targeted for these comments, because he facts and figures to back up his assertion. Barack Obama was very vocal about the fact that all of America should be outraged by Romney s  insensitive  comments. Will Barack Obama hold Hillary to the same standard as he held Mitt Romney? You don t need to answer that question.Here s Obama s tweet from 4 years ago. Only 4 short years later, the same could undoubtedly be said about Hillary s  basket of deplorables  comment.RT if you agree: We need a President who is fighting for all Americans, not one who writes off nearly half the country.  Barack Obama (@BarackObama) September 18, 2012",0
19995,"POWERFUL! HE BECAME A POLICE OFFICER AFTER Watching The Twin Towers Fall On 9-11…Today, He “Humbly Begs” Seahawks Players To Not Sit For National Anthem","Dallas Police Officer Dan Cincinnatus wrote an amazing letter to Seattle Seahawks player, Russell Wilson imploring him to not sit while the fans honor our flag during the playing of the National Anthem. The Seattle Seahawks team has apparently organized a team  sit-down  during the playing of the National Anthem as a way to protest black oppression in America. Many Americans, including us, believe this is truly the most disrespectful act of anti-americanism we have ever seen in professional sports and has nothing whatsoever to do with multi-millionair black athletes being oppressed by America. Read Dan s letter and tell us what you think in the comments below or on our Facebook page.From Dan Cincinnati s  Facebook page:In response to the rumors of a Seattle Seahawks team sit-down for the Star Spangled Banner on 09/11, I wrote this open letter to Russell Wilson and posted it on his Facebook page.Dear Mr. Wilson,My name is Dan Russell. I am a lifelong Seattle Seahawks fan, a native Washingtonian, and I have the humble privilege of serving as a Police Officer in my community.I am the Officer in these photos   two of which went viral   taken in Dallas on 07/07 at the scene where 14 police officers were shot in an ambush; five of whom perished from their injuries.I decided to dedicate myself to a life of Service on a Tuesday morning sitting in my parents living room on 09/11/2001, as I watched live footage of a plane crash into the World Trade Center. I woke up my brother, a serving United States Marine at the time, to give him the news   America was under attack.On that sunny and bright Tuesday, 2,996 Americans lost their lives. 343 of those lost were firefighters, and 71 were law enforcement officers. In response to the worst terrorist attack in our Nation s history, millions answered the call to Service   to Serve their Nation in the military, to Serve their communities as Police Officers, firefighters, dispatchers, paramedics, or as the family of one of these intrepid selfless individuals.Every day, more choose to answer the call to Serve   inspired by those events of fifteen years ago and the selfless sacrifice of so many that came before them.I chose to Serve on 09/11/2001. After Ferguson in 2014 I found myself questioning my choice of career and vocation. A visit to Ground Zero reminded me that I was Serving something bigger than myself   something beautiful and everlasting.America.I humbly ask   I beg   that you do not sit down for The Star Spangled Banner on this coming Sunday, the 15th anniversary of 09/11/2001.To do so would be a slap in the face to millions of fans, millions of public Servants, millions of Americans, to 09/11 first responders, to the survivors, and to the families of all that were involved and impacted by that terrible day, most of all   To those 2,996 who fell in an act of hatred towards our country and all we stand for.You have so many avenues of making a stand, of letting your voice be one of compassion, reconciliation, and building rather than tearing down. You have shown that you are an inspiring leader, man of community, faith, family, and charity. You have a voice that will be heard.Please, use your voice in one of those other avenues   do not allow yourself to become one that succumbs to the sensationalism and misguided choices that are currently causing so much division in our country.Stand for The Star Spangled Banner.We who Serve will stand with you.Respectfully, Dan Russell Seahawks FanRussell Wilson has announced that he will NOT take part in the planned  sit-down  by players on the Seattle Seahawks team. Here is his response.HERE is the link to Dan s letter on Facebook.We d like to offer Officer Cincinnatus a standing O for his well-written and powerful letter!",0
19996,"WHY IS THE MEDIA HIDING This Endorsement?…KKK Klan Leader On Hillary: “She’s A Democrat, The Klan Has ALWAYS Been A Democratic Organization”[VIDEO]","It s time for the media to start doing their job. Instead of making baseless claims about Trump to fulfill their insatiable desire to label him a  racist,  perhaps they should be questioning Hillary about her DOCUMENTED racist history Dolly Kyle, a long-time friend of the Clinton s, wrote a scathing  tell all  book exposing the sickening hidden truth about Bill and Hillary Clinton. Hillary s war on just about anyone who is beneath her, or who would dare to get in the way of her ascent to the White House.Kyle claims that when the Clinton s were behind closed doors they were a very different couple than the public sees. Behind the Reverend Jesse Jackson s back, the Clinton duo called him,  That G**damned n****r .When will the media do their job and report the truth about this horrible opportunist?",0
19997,"IF HILLARY IS ELECTED And Becomes Too Sick To Serve, Could Her Rapist Husband Become A De Facto President?","The applications for White House interns just took a sharp nose-dive Former President Bill Clinton could practically serve an unconstitutional third term as president if Hillary Clinton becomes sick in office if elected, given the previous first ladies who acted as presidents on behalf of their sick husbands.Former First Ladies Nancy Reagan, Mamie Eisenhower and Lady Edith Galt Wilson all made presidential decisions while their husbands were ill in office.Galt Wilson in particular acted as the de facto president when President Woodrow Wilson suffered a stroke in 1919 to prevent Vice President Thomas Marshall from assuming the presidency because Marshall was too friendly to Wilson s political rival in Congress. If a President Hillary Clinton s health were to decline, it is a certainty that former President Bill Clinton would emulate Galt and act in his wife s stead as president,  said investigative journalist Wayne Madsen.  Senator Tim Kaine was chosen as Mrs. Clinton s running mate because he, as was Marshall, is a milquetoast politician who would not seek to become acting president of the United States in the event of the incapacitation of the president. For Bill Clinton, serving as the de facto president would be an effective third term as president, something barred by the U.S. Constitution. Additionally, Woodrow Wilson s personal physician concealed the president s stroke from the public, which of course draws comparisons to how the Hillary campaign is downplaying concerns over Hillary s health, despite 71% of doctors stating her problems could be disqualifying. Both physicians and other voters think that health concerns are relevant when choosing a presidential candidate,  stated Jane M. Orient, M.D., the executive director of the Associations of American Physicians and Surgeons.Via: InfoWars",0
19998,BLACK RESIDENTS NOT HAPPY After Street Artist Makes One Brutally Honest Change To Divisive Message [VIDEO],"The Obama s have convinced Black communities across America they are victims. It s true they are victims, but they re victims of a fatherless culture, and not of the White man or cops as Barack Obama would like Americans to believe. When will the men in these communities start taking responsibility for raising their children? Until these grown men start taking an active role in raising their own children, these lawless (and sometimes innocent kids who get caught in the line of fire) will never have the opportunity to grow up and realize their full potential. You can t have entire communities of boys and girls growing up without dads and expect a different result than the one we re seeing today. We think this street artist hit a HOME RUN with their powerful message to this community FOX 2 Detroit   There were mixed reaction to the controversial tagging of a contentious catchphrase in Highland Park. The slogan is on an apartment building on Woodward and Pilgrim. The message is cogent to today right now especially this particular area because there are not a lot of black dads who are actually being fathers,  one person said.Stacey Calwise spoke about her 8 and 4-year-old children. Their dads are black but they re not around. So as far as black dads matter, not in their case,  she said.WATCH:",0
19999,THESE “POLLS” DON’T LIE! HILLARY PLANS HUGE Black Baptist Church Rally…Massive Number Of Empty Seats…Workers Forced To “Shrink” Room,"The way Trump is packing in thousands of supporters at every rally in every state he visits, it s pretty clear his popularity way overshadows that of #CrookedHillary. She s barely getting enough people to fill a phone booth at her  rallies!   This event, at the Baptist National Convention in Kansas City turned out to be downright embarrassing for Hillary and her campaign. In a venue meant to hold 5,000 people, Hillary only drew about 1,000. Perhaps there just isn t a huge amount of interest with Baptist church members in Kansas City when it comes to spending time listening to a sociological liar Workers cutting the room down by a third with lower than expected turnout for #clintonkc speech. pic.twitter.com/L60YFfBpO1  Frank Morris (@FrankNewsman) September 8, 2016Check out the number of empty seats!Convention hall turned out lights in un-occupied part of hall for @HillaryClinton speech, now partitioning it off pic.twitter.com/O5Az8EfiRD  Brian Abel (@BrianAbelTV) September 8, 2016Here are the requested ""during speech"" pics of KC convention hall pic.twitter.com/ZRGOm77xnO  Brian Abel (@BrianAbelTV) September 8, 2016And finally, only 1,000 people filled a venue meant for 5,000. Who needs polls that are rigged by leftist media or polling firms with an agenda. From now on, we re going to continue to use the number of supporters who actually take time out of their busy day to see the candidates as a true indicator of who s leading in the race Front of press constituted 10 rows. 14 seats per section, 6 sections. Less than 1,000 of the >5k setup https://t.co/C6BcyCIl9F  Brian Abel (@BrianAbelTV) September 8, 2016h/t Gateway Pundit",0
20000,FEMALE SAILOR FACES DISCIPLINE By US Navy For Posting Video Of Herself Sitting In Protest Of National Anthem…Because…”It’s Racist”,"***WARNING***If you watch this video, you will encounter strong language and even stronger stupidity A female sailor who posted a video of herself sitting through morning colors in protest of supposed racism in the national anthem is being disciplined by the U.S. Navy.Disciplinary actions toward the female sailor are ongoing, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Navy told Military Times.  We are always doing training to make sure that sailors know the pros and cons of using social media, and they must always observe appropriate conduct, and they re always subject to the UCMJ at all times,  she added.The national anthem  basically says land of the free, home of the brave, except for hirelings and slaves and I just can t support anything like that,  the female sailor said in the video she posted on Facebook. She continues  I think Colin had a really good point when he said we had bodies in the streets. ",0
20001,ARROGANT BILL CLINTON MOCKS COAL MINERS For Supporting Trump After Hillary Promises To Shut Down Coal Industry If She’s Elected [VIDEO],"The arrogance of Bill Clinton is astounding. While addressing a crowd of Hillary supporters in Pennsylvania, he mocks the hard working coal miners in West Virginia and Kentucky because they re saying they won t support his wife after she promised to double down on Obama s promise to bankrupt the coal industry.Watch this West Virginia coal miner confront Hillary over remarks she made during a CNN town hall where she proudly exclaimed,  We re gonna put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business. Watch the stunning arrogance with which Barack Obama delivers his punishing message of government overreach to American coal miners and anyone associated with the coal industry in America,  If somebody wants to build a coal fire plant, they can. It s just that we re going to bankrupt them, because we re going to charge a huge sum for all that greenhouse gases. And now, here s former president Bill Clinton mocking the coal miners for not getting behind Barack Obama in 2012 and now the polls are showing they re not about to vote for another president who swears to destroy their livelihoods and the towns where generations of coal miners have lived.",0
20002,CHIP OFF THE OLD BLOCK: Harvard Bound Malia Obama Caught In Frat House Picture With Large Party Bong,"Malia Obama is taking a party gap year before she begins school at the prestigious Harvard University. Even though it was reported that Barack Obama was furious with the pot smoking, twerking, Malia Obama after she was caught at a  rowdy  party that was reportedly busted by the police on Martha s Vineyard it doesn t seem to have slowed her down The idea that Malia is embarrassing the family is laughable, given the antics of her father and mother over the past 8 miserable years A picture circulating on social media appears to show Malia Obama near an item that resembles a large bong.The image was taken at a University of Pennsylvania fraternity house on Sunday, according to Radar Online.The 18-year-old is wearing the same distinctive  Smoking Kills  T-shirt that she was seen sporting at the Budweiser Made in America festival in Philadelphia that day.The teenager, who is taking a gap year and will attend Harvard in 2017, also sported a crimson baseball hat with an H on it   a nod to her future alma mater.   Daily Mail ",0
20003,CRAZY VIDEO OF MUSLIM JIHADESS Being Dragged Up Hill In Burqa After Police Arrest Her For Plot To Blow Up Train,"Feel good video of the day A female ISIS recruiter who planned to blow up a French train station was engaged to a jihadist who beheaded a Catholic priest and the terrorist who murdered a police couple.French police believe one of the gang, known only as Sarah H., 23, was due to marry Larossi Aballa, 25.Aballa murdered a police man and his officer wife outside Paris in June before he was himself shot dead.Molins said the woman was engaged to Larossi Abballa, who killed two police officials in Magnanville in June and filmed the aftermath on Facebook Live before dying in a police raid.He said she was also betrothed to Adel Kermiche, who slit the throat of an elderly French priest during morning Mass in July. Her current fiance was arrested on Thursday, Molins said. He added:  In the last few days and hours a terrorist cell was dismantled, composed of young women totally receptive to the deadly Daesh ideology. Today it emerged that the female jihadi cell   the first of its kind in France   had wanted to attack the Gare du Lyon in Paris, which is one of the busiest rail stations in Europe. Police and officers from the DGSI, France s counter terrorism intelligence agency, had been on the trail of the trio since Sunday, when a car full of gas cannisters was found parked in Paris. In a briefing after the raid, French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said:  These three young, radicalised women were preparing an imminent and violent attack. Three women were arrested in Bossy-Saint-Antoine, in the Essonne following the finding, and an officer was stabbed by a suspect who was then shot in the head. Via: Daily Mail ",0
20004,IDENTITY OF HILLARY’S MYSTERY “HANDLER” Is Finally Revealed [VIDEO],"About a month ago, people started noticing a large black man who always seemed to rush to Hillary s aid during coughing fits, or when she exhibits bizarre behavior.Hillary's Handler? Brain washer? pic.twitter.com/5lsCTc8Vdk  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) August 7, 2016Hillary attempted to disparage Trump during one of her first appearances before the press since the last time in July where she appeared to have a seizure while being asked about her vice presidential options.Paul Joseph Watson of InfoWars claims to have unlocked the mystery behind the  mystery man  who always seems to be there to lend a helping hand (arm or to act as a human brace) when Hillary is coughing, falling or just needs a little help speaking (not unusual at all for a presidential candidate right?) We re just wondering where Trump s special handler has been hiding all year? Maybe he doesn t need one because he s a perfectly healthy and capable candidate .Just something to consider ",0
20005,NAVY SEALS FORCED TO ABORT American Hostage Rescue Effort…Obama Too Busy Golfing On Martha’s Vineyard To Approve Mission,"So an American hostage (who should be one of our top priorities), had the opportunity to be rescued by a group of Navy SEALS, but Obama was too busy to approve the mission?A group of Navy SEALS were forced to return from a hostage rescue mission in Afghanistan after President Barack Obama failed to approve their operation while he was on vacation on Martha s Vineyard.According to sources speaking to Ami Newswire, the special operations force traveled swiftly to recover two hostages, but were ordered to stand down because Obama did not have time to approve the mission.Obama approved the mission a day later, but when the special forces team returned, the hostages had been moved just four hours earlier, according to the report.The two civilian hostages are English teachers: United States citizen Kevin King and Australian citizen Timothy Weeks. The missions took place Aug. 10 and 11, in Afghanistan, according to Ami Newswire, both days that Obama spent a large part of the day golfing in Martha s Vineyard.On August 10, Obama golfed from 10:30 a.m.   3:19 p.m. at Vineyard Golf Club and on August 11, Obama golfed from 12:57 p.m.   5:39 p.m at Mink Meadows Golf Course according to White House pool reports.FORE entire story: Breitbart News",0
20006,SHOCKING: ENTIRE FACEBOOK PAGE DEDICATED To Evidence Of Donald Trump Death Threats,These images were all taken from a Facebook page dedicated to capturing death threats against Donald Trump. I thought I had seen everything until I came upon this page. The lack of value these (mostly) young people place on the sanctity of life is stunning. How many of these people do you think have been visited by the FBI? How many of these common thugs have been arrested? What if there was a Facebook page exposing the death threats made against Hillary? Do you think it would have been all over the news?               All of these images and the video below can be found on the Operation Mogul Fury Facebook page. We commend this person for their hard work in uncovering these vile threat spread out across so many social media accounts.,0
20007,WOW! “We Mexicans Need To Kill Donald Trump Before He Becomes President…Cross The Border And Go And Kill Trump And His Supporters” [VIDEO],"And now a message of peace and unity from one of our neighbors to the South:  We, Mexicans, have to kill Donald J. Trump before he becomes President. He is a threat to every single one of us. There are many Mexican Americans living in the U.S. right now and I m asking them to kill Donald Trump before he becomes President. The one in Mexico who have the means, I m asking you to cross the border and go and kill Donald Trump, and as many of his supporters as possible. Anywhere he goes just try to bomb the place, shoot up the place, do something. B..b but he looked like such a nice boy. Don t call him  illegal he just wanted a better life he s just a victim This punk isn t the only one threatening the life of Trump. Watch this video that exposes the truth about how the media ignores these threats:",0
20008,FLASHBACK [VIDEO]: Libertarian Gary Johnson Discusses Solutions To Syrian Conflict…TODAY On MSNBC: Gives EMBARRASSING Answer To Basic Question About Syrian War,"Libertarian Presidential candidate Gary Johnson was asked by MSNBC host Mike Barnacle,  What would you do if you were elected about Aleppo? To the horror of viewers and hosts on the MSNBC panel, Gary Johnson responded,  What is Aleppo? Watch the Libertarian presidential candidate 7% of Americans say they plan to vote for in November:Gary Johnson was interviewed by Joe Rogan on CSPAN about his thoughts on the Syrian conflict. Watch him fudge his way through a discussion about a country where he doesn t even know the name of the city at the epicenter of that conflict: GARY JOHNSON: I think we bear a responsibility for the refugee crisis and we should be taking on our fair share. What is the mathematics of having disrupted 11 million Syrians, half the population? When it comes to the U.S., I think we can deal with this effectively. Should it be carte blanche? No, but we can have a system in place to accept refugees right off the bat. Other refugees might be questionable, backgrounds or whatever. We ve directed enough of our resources on the military side to deal with the refugee side of it humanely and in a way that reflects what America is all about.JOE ROGAN: When I ve talked to military operatives though, they believe a proactive attack, or proactive action, is much more likely to stop ISIS or any-GARY JOHNSON: Well and that, that s been our tact to date. And I m gonna say that, without exception, that every one of those military interventions have had an unintended consequence of at best. You know, we, we, we go, we re, we always deal with atrocity. There atrocities going on. We go in to deal with that atrocity, and at the end of the day, the new dictator, the new despot that we put into place to replace the bad despot, at the end of the day, is just as bad or in many cases worse. We cut off the head of the hydra, and lo and behold, there are more heads.ROGAN: So how does one stop that? I mean, have you ever tried to come up with some sort of a solution or look at some sort of a long-term plan that would somehow or another calm the world, or at least, allow the United States to make peace?JOHNSON: One of the reasons that I m seeking to become President of the United States is I think I d do a really good job of presiding over, over all the intelligence that we do have regarding all of this. I don t want, I don t want to present myself as having the answers, as much as, you know what, give me, give me the intel, let me be part of this discussion, and um, but I m gonna enter in to this discussion, as a real skeptic, um, on what we ve done to this point, and a real skeptic on what appears to be what we re gonna do in the future regarding all this. Isn t there a more effective way of dealing with this?I wouldn t be seeking this job if um, if I didn t think I could make a difference in it. And I, I do not want to misstate. I don t, I don t wanna play cards. Obama draws lines in the sand. I m not gonna draw lines in the sand. If you draw any lines in the sand, you d better be prepared to back up what you said with action. And that s also been an issue with Obama.ROGAN: What was your take when Obama went on television, and was talking about how we needed to invade Syria? And Syria was a huge issue, and the American public was up in arms, both the right and the left. People were like,  What are you talking about? This is craziness.  And then the administration backed off. I mean, was it, in my opinion, it was one of the first [ ] it was one of the first examples of the United States, sort of collectively, the will of the people, like being openly expressed, that the idea of erring Syria was outrageous. Nobody wanted to do it. They didn t make any sense to people, this gas attack. How was this anymore horrible than a lot of shit that s been going on over the world all the time? What is, what is it about Syria that all of a sudden we have to go invade Syria? One more intervention in another country, and the administration backed off?JOHNSON: Great example. People are fed up with this, and in fact, you know, 22 million people in Syria, and 11 million of them have been displaced. Don t we, don t we have a share in, share in that consequence?ROGAN: What was the motivation? What s the motivation for the United States to want to invade there in the first place?JOHNSON: Well, wasn t it the, McCain going over there, beating his chess, and uh, along with Lindsey Graham, and uh, and let s go over there and support the good guys? Well, the good guys are the minority, and the good guys, at the end of the day, are um  Look, this is  somehow we re gonna determine the outcomes of, in other countries? I am, I mean, that s just, it s preposterous. That uh, as individuals we can do that.The funny thing about Gary Johnson is that he pretends to have a strong grasp on foreign policy as it relates to Syria in the video below, but when asked how the US became involved in the conflict, the best answer he can give is to blame it on John McCain and Lindsey Graham? How did this guy ever even make it onto the ballot? And even more frightening, is how he managed to convince 7% of Americans he s a legitimate candidate Watch:  ",0
20009,HILLARY CHEATED! Who Really Fed Hillary The Answers To Her Questions At Veteran’s Forum?,"She never does things the way the rest of us do. She s always got an angle she s always got a way around doing things the way the  everyday people  she claims she represents do them. How can any female  say that lying, cheating and conniving Hillary is a  role model  for woman with a straight face? Crooked  Hillary Clinton wore an ear piece in last night s Commander in Chief Forum hosted by NBC and MSNBC. This was the first event where both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton were invited to attend together. Each candidate received a short period with host Matt Lauer. It was expected that both candidates would provide unaided answers to the questions asked but it appears Hillary did not.Donald Trump tweeted after the event his disdain for candidate Clinton using the ear piece which provided her a boost in answering questions. Trump tweeted  We can t let Hillary get away with wearing an ear piece during tonight s Veteran Forum .https://twitter.com/P0TUSTrump/status/773724216247984129Trump s not the only one who noticed:My article is the top fat link on Drudge. Nice. https://t.co/mw4f4s1xot pic.twitter.com/jiamqzVV33  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) September 8, 2016Others noted her cheating ways as well accusing Hillary of eye movements and gaps between speech that showed she was listening and not thinking  My article is the top fat link on Drudge. Nice. https://t.co/mw4f4s1xot pic.twitter.com/jiamqzVV33  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) September 8, 2016https://twitter.com/AltStreamMedia/status/773732560824180736bocavista2016: RT BlkMan4Trump: #NBCNewsForum I think we all know who was on the other end of #HillarysEarPiece pic.twitter.com/XqjIbMd5It #N  TrumpIsBlackLikeMe (@BlackManTrump) September 8, 2016Actor James Woods asks reminds us of Wikileaks email from Huma to Hillary regarding her  earpiece :pic.twitter.com/T3gpMPelJl  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) September 8, 2016Cheating like this is not totally unexpected. President Obama was accused of doing the same thing in the debates in 2012 with candidate Romney and some have warned that this may happen again a few weeks ago. The picture of the wireless earpiece above is similar to one Obama may have used during those debates. As noted by thetruthdivision.com if you go back and watch the second and third debates in 2012, examine Obama s mannerism and head movements while he was watching Mitt Romney speak.Via: The Truth Division  h/t GP ",0
20010,BOYCOTT! GOLDMAN SACHS Uses Union Thug Tactics Against Top Employees To Prop-Up #WallStreetHillary [VIDEO],"This is how the unions do things in America. Is this where you want your money invested? Bernie Sanders must be so happy to have endorsed #CrookedHillary It s okay to keep the money train flowing into Hillary campaign coffers, but Goldman Sachs is actually banning employees from donating to Trump? How is this legal??? Hillary Clinton is facing more and more heat for accepting $675,000 to give just three speeches to Goldman Sachs employees. What exactly is that hefty fee buying? Critics contend there is a  revolving door between Wall Street and Washington,  where Wall Street execs shuffle back and forth from the financial sector to key jobs working for their friends in Washington, where they are able to influence financial laws and regulations. Yet despite all the heavy criticism Wall Street has taken in recent years, Clinton still chose to take hundreds of thousands of dollars from PACs, employees, directors and their families associated with the biggest banks.  The StreamJust two months after leaving the State Department, Hillary Clinton began a short but very lucrative speaking career to banks, securities firms, trade associations, and three times, Goldman Sachs.In October 2013, Hillary Clinton was paid $225,000 to speak at Goldman Sachs  Builders and Innovators  conference, held at the Ritz Carlton Dove Mountain Resort in Marana, Arizona. It was structured as a conversation between Clinton and Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein, according to two attendees. The audience was filled with tech entrepreneurs and investors.  CNN",0
20011,TOMI LAHREN Takes A HAMMER To Hillary: The “Most Competent Woman in History” doesn’t know what “C” means? [VIDEO], There are many  C  words for Hillary but  competent  is not one of them .OUCH! ,0
20012,GARY JOHNSON IS A COMPLETE IDIOT….And Here’s Why [VIDEO],"7% of Americans actually claim they ll vote for leftist candidate and faux Libertarian, Gary Johnson in the upcoming presidential election. No words ",0
20013,"WOW! MSNBC’s Senior Political Analyst Hammers FBI Director: “To Release This [Hillary emails] On A Friday, As If He’s An Arm of the Clinton Campaign” [VIDEO]","Say what??? When former Clinton cheerleader Mark Halperin is disgusted by Hillary s dirty dealings and FBI Director James Comey s willingness to provide cover for Hillary and her criminal acts it s a pretty big deal Does anyone else feel like the formerly respected FBI Director James Comey is exhibiting unexplainable Supreme Court Justice John Roberts like behavior? The question is, who is he answering to, Barack Obama or the Clinton Crime Syndicate? ",0
20014,"CHARLES BARKLEY DROPS TRUTH-BOMB: Blacks, Not White People Or Cops Are Keeping Blacks Down"," It s a dirty, dark secret; I m glad it s coming out WOW I guess we won t be seeing Charles Barkley sitting for the national anthem because he s resents the White man or neighborhood cop for keeping him down NBA legend and all around awesome person, Charles Barkley, was recently interviewed by a local Philadelphia radio station about the current racial issues plaguing America. During the interview, Barkley stated that  unintelligent,   brainwashed  African-Americans are the ones keeping successful ones down, not white people, or cops.What prompted Charles Barkley s response was a question posed to him on the radio show,  Afternoons with Anthony Gargano and Rob Ellis;  he was asked about a rumor that Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson was being accused by his fellow teammates of not being  black enough. Colin Kaepernick s and Chris Brown s most recent debacles are prefect examples of Charles  logic.Charles Barkley finished out his interview by stating:Via: Blue Lives Matter",0
20015,FRESHMAN ORIENTATION: It’s Racist To Ask Asian Students For Math Help…Don’t Ask Black Students If They Play Basketball…And MORE Insanity You Won’t Believe!,"You know the Left has won when communism replaces education A freshman tentatively raises her hand and takes the microphone.  I m really scared to ask this,  she begins.  When I, as a white female, listen to music that uses the N word, and I m in the car, or, especially when I m with all white friends, is it O.K. to sing along? The answer, from Sheree Marlowe, the new chief diversity officer at Clark University, is an unequivocal  no. The exchange was included in Ms. Marlowe s presentation to recently arriving first-year students focusing on subtle  microaggressions,  part of a new campus vocabulary that also includes  safe spaces  and  trigger warnings. Microaggressions, Ms. Marlowe said, are comments, snubs or insults that communicate derogatory or negative messages that might not be intended to cause harm but are targeted at people based on their membership in a marginalized group.Among her other tips: Don t ask an Asian student you don t know for help on your math homework or randomly ask a black student if he plays basketball. Both questions make assumptions based on stereotypes. And don t say  you guys.  It could be interpreted as leaving out women, said Ms. Marlowe, who realized it was offensive only when someone confronted her for saying it during a presentation.Clark, a private liberal arts college that has long prided itself on diversity and inclusion, is far from the only university stepping up discussions of racism and diversity in orientation programs this year.Once devoted to ice cream socials, tutorials on campus technology systems and advice on choosing classes, orientation for new students is changing significantly, with the issue taking on renewed urgency this year as universities increasingly try to address recent racial and ethnic tensions on campuses as well as an onslaught of sexual assault complaints and investigations.A bystander intervention presentation for arriving freshmen at Wesleyan University last Thursday    We Speak We Stand    featured students acting out fictional episodes of campus sexual violence, harassment and problematic drinking, with examples of how to intervene.  Each of you has the power to bring to light sexual violence in our community,  one student told the group.In August, the University of Wisconsin system, which includes the Madison flagship and 25 other campuses, said it would ask the State Legislature for $6 million in funding to improve what it called the  university experience  for students. The request includes money for Fluent, a program described as a systemwide cultural training for faculty and staff members and students.But that budget request has provoked controversy.  If only the taxpayers and tuition-paying families had a safe space that might protect them from wasteful UW System spending on political correctness,  State Senator Stephen L. Nass, a Republican, said in a statement issued by his office, urging his fellow lawmakers to vote against the appropriation.Mr. Nass s objection to spending money on diversity training reflects a rising resistance to what is considered campus political correctness. At some universities, alumni and students have objected to a variety of campus measures, including diversity training;  safe spaces,  places where students from marginalized groups can gather to discuss their experiences; and  trigger warnings,  disclaimers about possibly upsetting material in lesson plans.Some graduates have curtailed donations and students have suggested that diversity training smacks of some sort of communist re-education program. -Via NYT s",0
20016,YIKES! WHAT THE HECK Did Hillary Just Cough Up Into Her Glass?…And Why Is There An Ambulance In Her Motorcade? [VIDEO],"Hillary was seen passing up a bottle of water in the midst of another one of her coughing fits in front of her press cheerleaders on her new campaign plane yesterday. Passing up a bottle of water in the middle of a coughing fit would seem strange, but what was even more strange is that she passed up a bottle of water for a glass of water that was handed to her by someone on her staff from behind the curtain. Pretty much everything Hillary does is done from  behind a curtain  so the idea that Hillary is likely hiding a serious illness like say .Parkinson s Disease is not really all that far fetched.DOES HILLARY HAVE PARKINSON S DISEASE?As a neurological disorder, Parkinson s disease (PD) has been shown to affect motor skills in the limbs, inhibit muscle coordination, and sometimes contribute to dysphagia.1 Dysphagia is the medical term for difficulty swallowing. Thickened liquids are often used in the management of dysphagia to improve bolus control and to help prevent aspiration. A range of starches and gums has historically been used to thicken liquids. Although thickened liquids improve swallow safety, they appear to have a great potential for unintended physiological consequences.What the heck did Hillary just cough up into her glass during her speech in Cleveland?https://twitter.com/NolteNC/status/773264547813744648Meanwhile a very interesting addition was spotted in Hillary Clinton s motorcade yesterday. There s a probably a perfectly good explanation for an ambulance being added to her motorcade. Maybe it s in case Hillary falls off the stage. She has been stumbling quite a bit and has been seen grabbing on to railings, chairs, tables, or pretty much anything she can get her hands on that helps to keep her upright. But it s only her health and she is only running for President of the most powerful nation on earth so, what difference does that make right?Watch the great coverage of Hillary s pathetic rally in Cleveland yesterday by this young InfoWars reporter. The ambulance appears at the 6:40 mark:In case you missed it Watch Hillary spit something eeeeewww!back into her glass of of water and whatever else is mixed in with the water: ",0
20017,GRANNY CLINTON GOES WAY LEFT: Fear Mongering On The Cause Of Hurricane Hermine,"Who wrote this garble for granny Clinton? She s off her rocker! Yes, climate changes ",0
20018,WATCH CBS HOST EMBARRASS DINGBAT PELOSI After Claiming “Too Much Being Made About Hillary Emails”…It’s A Distraction From Zika [VIDEO],"Am I the only one who feels like I m living in the  Twilight Zone  when I hear Nancy Pelosi begin a discussion about a certain threat to our national security by saying,  I m the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee . Her admission to being a key figure on our House Intelligence Committee should scare every single American, no matter what political party you identify with.Listening to this woman talk only underscores the urgency of cleaning house in Washington this November. Listen to her call Hillary s reckless decision to leave top-secret classified emails open to hackers around the world a  technical error . Our national security is at risk over a crooked Secretary of State who deliberately set up a separate email server to hide goodness knows what and the  top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee  calls it a distraction from Zika?",0
20019,HOW A SIMPLE GLASS OF WATER Could Expose The Truth About Hillary’s Serious Health Issues And Cause Her To Lose The Election [VIDEO],"Every American needs to consider this new evidence about Hillary and how her campaign is helping to hide her poor health from voters unless of course, the only reason you re planning to vote for Hillary is because you like her VP candidate, Tim Kaine Why does Hillary reject a bottle of water for a glass of water during her coughing fit in front of press on her new campaign plane? Why does Hillary have a stool and GLASS OF WATER next to her at all times during public appearances? Why does Hillary tell press she s suffering from allergies when allergens aren t even high in the specific region where she s speaking? Why is Hillary resting while Donald Trump is out running circles around her on the campaign trail? Why does the media cover for her lies and MOST IMPORTANTLY, why is anyone supporting this woman who is clearly not well enough to even campaign for the highest office in our nation???During the Republican National Convention last June, two Secret Service agents approached InfoWars and asked to speak to them about Hillary s health. The Secret Service contacted me. They said that Hillary Clinton has Parkinson s disease. They [Hillary s people] spent over a quarter million dollars on these stairs to allow her to step down from the vehicle to the ground because she has trouble walking. They [Secret Service] said that any kind of flashes or strobes will set her off into a seizure, and that s why they wanted to come us.They wanted to contact us and give us information because they knew we [InforWars] would be able to get this out. [Unlike the MSM,] we wouldn t be scared to do it. And you know it really makes a lot of sense when you watch all these videos. The fact that she s refusing to do these news conferences. Hillary had not done a press conference for 8  months. Her last press conference was on December 4, 2015.DOES HILLARY HAVE PARKINSON S DISEASE?As a neurological disorder, Parkinson s disease (PD) has been shown to affect motor skills in the limbs, inhibit muscle coordination, and sometimes contribute to dysphagia.1   Dysphagia is the medical term for difficulty swallowing. Thickened liquids are often used in the management of dysphagia to improve bolus control and to help prevent aspiration. A range of starches and gums has historically been used to thicken liquids. Although thickened liquids improve swallow safety, they appear to have a great potential for unintended physiological consequences.Like this  unintended physiological consequence  maybe?  Why does Hillary always have a stool and GLASS OF WATER at every public appearance? Don t most people in this day and age drink from a bottle of water?Again the stool and the GLASS OF WATER And again On Feb. 4, WND reported Hillary Clinton has been prescribed Armour Thyroid, a natural medication made from desiccated pig thyroid glands, for her hypothyroid condition and Coumadin   a brand name of warfarin, which initially was developed as a well-known rat poison   for her congenital tendency to form blood clots.WND also reported the medication Clinton has taken since 1998 to deal with her blood-clotting problems may have side effects that are hazardous to her health, including blurred vision and confusion, both of which she has experienced. And a California physician warned Coumadin could be more life-threatening to her than the possibility of a recurring blood clot.Bill Clinton, during a question and answer session at the Peterson Foundation in Washington, on May 14, 2014, told the audience that the concussion Hillary suffered  required six months of very serious work to get over. On Nov. 16, 2015, in an exchange between Hillary Clinton s aides Huma Abedin and Monica Hanley dated Jan. 26, 2013, regarding Clinton s schedule, the aides said it was  very important  to go over phone calls with Clinton because the former secretary of state was  often confused. Clinton s five-minute bathroom break at the third Democratic debate in Goffstown, New Hampshire, on Dec. 19, 2015, initially attributed to the distance of the woman s bathroom from the stage, was reported to have caused a  flare up of problems from brain injury  that required Clinton to sit in a chair off-stage to recover from fatigue, dizziness and disorientation.WND just last week reported that at least 10 prominent physicians have been questioning Hillary Clinton s health.Based on publicly available information, the following physicians have raised concerns:  Dr. Jane Orient, M.D., executive director of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons, said images of Clinton being helped up stairs and propped up, and videos showing odd, seizure-like head movements require an explanation to voters, she contends. The author of  Emerging Diseases: Protecting Your Family from Pandemics, Viral Threats, and Rogue Vaccines  noted the  vituperation and anger  that she s faced for raising questions.  I m not making a diagnosis,  she told WND on Monday. But  I can look at the video. You can look. She said for a medical professional to simply ignore the evidence would be  completely reckless.  Meeting someone with these symptoms personally would require a  How are you?  she said.  These are not ridiculous questions.  Dr. Lee Hieb, author of  Surviving the Medical Meltdown: Your Guide to Living Through the Disaster of Obamacare,  agreed.  They made a huge deal about [Sen. John] McCain because of his melanoma,  she told WND.  Melanoma doesn t give you dementia!  She said the images and videos are evidence that should be reviewed and explained to voters, contending Clinton is  not being forthcoming. If she doesn t want the American people informed   we know where she stands. Citing Clinton s previous concussion, Hieb said such injuries can cause long-term side effects, seizures, personality changes and cognitive deficits.  The Fox News medical  A-Team  of Dr. Marc Siegel and Dr. David Samadi had questions.  In 2008   I looked over a thousand pages of John McCain s records because of a melanoma he had 10 years ago. What about Hillary? In 2009, a severe fall. She breaks her elbow. In 2011, she boards a plane, falls. In 2012, she has a severe concussion which Bill Clinton says took her six months to recover from,  Siegel said. He continued:  Then she ends up with a blood clot in the brain and a lifetime of blood thinners. Just that point alone   if she s prone to falling, you can see from that picture up there that it looked like she can barely get upstairs without two people carrying her. Guess what if she falls and hits her head? She ll get a blood clot.  Dr. Drew Pinsky s television show on the HLN cable network,  Dr. Drew on Call,  was canceled after he raised questions about Clinton s health in an interview on KABC-AM in Los Angeles. Alt-Right fanatics and conspiracy theorists  immediately questioned her health   is she ok? And concerns over Hillary s  worst coughing fit ever  was raised by MSNBC.But as Paul Josepth Watson reports, MSNBC regurgitated claims by Hillary s campaign aides that,  Allergens were high in Northeast Ohio on Monday,  before asserting that there is  no evidence to indicate she is unwell. Whore press already running defense for #HackingHillary, blaming pollen. What about the 10 previous times? pic.twitter.com/lwDNYjhEhI  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) September 5, 2016The problem for that propadandist line is   It was a complete fabrication.As numerous websites that track daily allergen levels confirmed, grass pollen was low, tree pollen was low and ragweed pollen was moderate. ",0
20020,HE’S BACK! HILLARY’S COUGHING FIT Draws Her Mysterious Handler Out Of Shadows…Who Is This Guy? [VIDEO],"About a month ago, people started noticing a large black man who always seemed to rush to Hillary s aid during coughing fits, or when she exhibits bizarre behavior. Hillary attempted to disparage Trump during one of her first appearances before the press since the last time in July where she appeared to have a seizure while being asked about her vice presidential options.Watch this video in slow motion. Pay particular attention to the expressions on the interviewers faces: On August 6, Mike Cernovich started asking about Hillary s mystery handler:Hillary's Handler? Brain washer? pic.twitter.com/5lsCTc8Vdk  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) August 7, 2016The man is dressed like a secret service agent but his actions prove otherwise.In a recent campaign stop in a Union Hall in front of a sparse crowd, at about the time when some liberal protesters began to protest, Hillary Clinton suddenly froze. She looked dazed and lost. Seeing this, a group of men rushed to assist the candidate on the stage. One man however gently pats the candidate s back and then says,  Keep Talking. Secret Service agents walk on stage during Hillary Clinton rally https://t.co/Btp1na4Pxt  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) August 4, 2016An expert on Secret Service tactics told TGP Secret Service agents would not touch a candidate in the manner that this individual did and especially Hillary Clinton. It has been widely reported on Hillary s disdain for the agents who work to protect her. The man who touches Hillary may be a member of Hillary s close staff   but he is NOT a Secret Service agent.Mike Cernovich pointed out earlier that Hillary s handler carries what looks like a Diazepam pen.Hillary s mysterious handler disappeared from the campaign trail in mid-August after several reports were written about his strange appearances on the campaign trail.Hillary also cut down on her appearances at the same time.On Monday Hillary Clinton suffered another severe coughing spat on her plane and later during a speech in Cleveland. Via: Gateway PunditLook who came to her rescue!Watch the video here at the 1:10 mark as Hillary is unable to stop her coughing fits and heads towards the front of the plane where is met with the mystery handler who appears to be closing the curtains to the front of the plane. The mystery handler accompanies Hillary to the front of the plane where he outreaches his arms to protect her from being seen by media and appears to be consulting with another man at the front of the plane.Watch how quickly a woman who appears to be part of Hillary s campaign rushes to the back of the plane to divert the attention of Hillary s bizarre coughing fit from Hillary s cheerleading media squad at the back. ",0
20021,CHECK OUT TINY CROWD At Hillary Rally In MUST WIN State Of Ohio,"My kids draw bigger crowds at their neighborhood lemonade stands! From GP: She [Hillary] will speak at Luke Easter Park at 1:00 PM ET.Hillary is speaking at the park in 25 minutes with her vice presidential running mate Tim Kaine.So far only a couple hundred supporters have turned out to see her.Crowd waiting for Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine at Luke Easter Park in Cleveland. pic.twitter.com/b8QMTGGCXN  Tom Troy (@TomFTroy) September 5, 2016Hillary Clinton starts rally in Cleveland 80 minutes late, talks after coughing fit she attributes to allergies. pic.twitter.com/vW5GmvTfRX  Tom Troy (@TomFTroy) September 5, 2016CLINTON IN CLEVELAND: Ted Strickland kicks off speeches at #Cleveland Labor Day festival. @WEWS pic.twitter.com/YnWLUtpsUx  Tara Molina (@TaraMolinaTV) September 5, 2016Compare Hillary s lethargic, tiny crowd in Ohio today to Trump s massive and enthusiastic crowd in Canfield, Ohio on the same day:Thank you Ohio! #AmericaFirst pic.twitter.com/p68GAJdhwu  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 5, 2016",0
20022,"INT’L LEADERS CAN’T HIDE DISRESPECT For Obama At Final G20: Philippines Leader Calls Barack Obama,”Son of a bitch”…China Makes Him Exit “Ass” Of Air Force One…Putin Has Tense Meeting With Him [VIDEO]","International leaders aren t making any secret about their disdain and lack of respect for Obama in his final G20 summit PHILIPPINES   President Barack Obama is threatening to cancel a meeting with Philippine President Rodrigo D tente after the fiery political figure called the U.S. president a  son of a bitch. According to the Associated Press, Duterte demanded that Obama be respectful during the G-20 summit. Otherwise, he said,  son of a bitch, I will swear at you in that forum. Duterte was referring to a potential discussion about his violent war on the drug cartels, killing over 2,400 people in the process.During a press conference in China at the G-20 summit, Obama hinted that the meeting between himself and Duterte could be canceled. What I ve instructed my team to do is to talk to their Philippine counterparts to find out is this in fact a time when we can have constructive, productive conversations,  he said.Obama said that the United States would  always assert  the need for due process in prosecution of drug criminals, citing basic international norms. He added that he would bring it up in a meeting, despite D tente s comments.   BreitbartCHINA   The leader of the world s largest economy, who is on his final tour of Asia, was forced to disembark from Air Force One through a little-used exit in the plane s belly after no rolling staircase was provided when he landed in the eastern Chinese city on Saturday afternoon.When Obama did find his way on to a red carpet on the tarmac below there were heated altercations between US and Chinese officials, with one Chinese official caught on video shouting:  This is our country! This is our airport! RUSSIA  President Obama shared a tense exchange with Russian premier Vladimir Putin at the G20 summit in China this morning as the two failed to agree over a ceasefire in Syria.Sly Putin could be seen grinning as he clasped hands with stony-faced Obama, who is serving the final months of his Presidency before November s election.  Sun",0
20023,WILL JULIAN ASSANGE BE ASSASSINATED Before He Releases “October Surprise” He’s Threatened For Hillary [VIDEO],"Besides Trump, no one has a bigger target on his back than DNC and Hillary email leaker, Wikileaks  Julian Assange Earlier this week we learned the FBI found an additional 15,000 emails former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton failed to turn over to the State Department during their criminal investigation of her private server use. We ve known for more than a year she deleted 30,000 emails her attorneys deemed  personal business,  which many speculate included information about the relationship between her official office and the Clinton Foundation.Last month, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange promised to release additional and damning information surrounding Clinton s personal email use and said the Democrat presidential candidate should be  worried  about what s coming. Now, Assange is following up on that promise and warning about an October surprise that will  absolutely  come before the presidential election.Watch Julian Assange talk about Hillary s October surprise here:https://youtu.be/3AinW5C1kbY We re working around the clock. We have received a lot of material because of American election process and the major DNC revelation which has now led the resignation of five top officials in the DNC, including Debbie Wasserman Schultz,  Assange told Fox News  Megyn Kelly.  It s a complex business what we do. We have to assess the voracity. We have a perfect ten year record so far in never gets it wrong and we want to keep that reputation, understand how things should be formatted, what media we should be involved in, what is the best way to stage it out? Do we accumulate everything and essentially publish all in one batch or do we smaller batches? People involved in that election [U.S. presidential election] have a right to understand who it is they are electing,  Assange continued.  We have a lot of page of material, thousands of pages it s a variety of different types of documents from different types of institutions associated with the election campaign, some quite unexpected angles that are quite interesting and some that are entertaining.   TownhallBut will Julian Assange be able to keep himself out of the Clinton s line of fire? People who expose or cross Hillary don t usually fare too well. If you don t believe me, ask Vince Foster ah scratch that!",0
20024,WHILE #UnFitHillary Rests And Parties With Donors…Key Swing State Polls Show Trump’s HARD WORK Is Paying Off,"Wow! These are not good numbers for Hillary in states where Democrats have been winning for decades!Heading to Youngstown, Ohio now- some great polls. #AmericaFirst pic.twitter.com/cGwDLSOFUt  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 5, 2016",0
20025,HAPPY LABOR DAY! 5 STUNNING FACTS: How Obama Family Has Taken Full Advantage Of Everyday Working Americans,"Happy Labor Day! Today is a day to celebrate working Americans and the contribution they make to our nation and to its prosperity. It s also a great time to consider what Obama has done to help Americans get jobs, improve wages, and to improve their living conditions. Have you ever wondered how much time off the average American takes for a family vacation as compared to Obama, or how much time they spend on the golf course? How much does the average American, who can actually afford to take a family vacation spend? How does the average American senior who s paid taxes their entire lives fare next to Michelle s 5-star, American taxpayer funded mom?A record 94,708,000 Americans were not in the labor force in May, 2016   664,000 more than in April   and the labor force participation rate dropped two-tenths of a point to 62.6 percent, near its 38-year low, according to the Labor Department s Bureau of Labor Statistics.When President Obama took office in January 2009, 80,529,000 Americans were not participating in the labor force; since then, 14,179,000 Americans have left the workforce   some of them retiring and some just quitting because they can t find work. By almost every economic measure, America is better off than when I came here at the beginning of my presidency,  President Obama told the people of Elkhart, Indiana in June, 2016.  We cut unemployment in half, years before a lot of economists thought we would. While the unemployment rate in May dropped to 4.7 percent, BLS reported, less than half of its Obama-era high of 10 percent in October 2009, the labor force participation rate overall, has deteriorated over Obama s two terms.FIVE FUN LABOR DAY FACTS 1) OBAMA S NET WORTH SINCE 2007:Barack and Michelle Obama s net-worth has risen 438% since Obama decided to run for office. Apparently, being a public servant and an oppressed First Lady pays big dividends.According to financial disclosure reports, President Obama has an estimated net worth of $7 million dollars.Since he was worth $1.3 million in 2007, that makes the millionaire 438% more wealthy than when he first ran for office.EVERYDAY AMERICANS:The average American income in 2015 was $53,657. Americans didn t get a raise last year. In fact, they haven t gotten one in years.The typical American family income was $53,657 in 2014, barely changed from $54,462 a year earlier, the U.S. Census Bureau reported Wednesday.What s worse   it s far below the peak set in 1999. That s a major reason why so many Americans are still gloomy about the economy six years into the recovery.2) OBAMA VACATIONS:Obama took an average of 21.5 vacations days per year in his first four years as president.Judicial Watch did a little digging on the travel costs of Obama s vacation on the West Coast back in October and found in the process that Obama has now racked up OVER $73 MILLION in travel expenses in his 7 years as president.Though some of the expenses incurred while fundraising are supposed to be reimbursed by political parties and campaigns,  only a small portion  of the president s travel costs are actually repaid, and, unsurprisingly, the White House  keeps the formula for such cost-sharing secret. Perhaps most depressing about the president s exorbitant travel expenses is that those figures do not even present the full cost of his spending on vacations, which inevitably include huge security, room and board, and entertainment (think golf) expenses.As for his West Coast fundraising jaunts, Obama used the trip as a way to promote his gun control agenda, party with Kanye West, and hit up Hollywood elites for big-dollar donations. Oh yeah, and he briefly squeezed in a visit with the families of victims of the San Bernardino terror attack that took the lives of 14.AVERAGE EVERYDAY AMERICAN:Private-industry workers in the United States who have at least 20 years on the job get an average of 19 days of paid vacation per year.According to American Express, the average vacation expense per person in the United States is $1,145, or $4,580 for a family of four. More than half of Americans, 56%, have not taken a vacation in the last year, according to the insurance company Allianz Global Assistance. That s equivalent to 135 million people. The survey defined vacation as a week off from work during which those surveyed travelled at least 100 miles away from home.Another survey of 1,005 Americans, conducted last year by Skift, found that just 15% of Americans planned to take a real vacation in 2014. That same survey found that 33% of Americans couldn t afford a vacation, 30% were too busy and that 22% were going to take a short vacation over a summer weekend.3) OBAMA S LEISURE TIME:Barack Obama has played over 300 rounds of golf, or an average of over 40 rounds per year since he took office in 2008.EVERYDAY AMERICAN:The National Golf Foundation identifies core golfers  in America as those who play an average of eight rounds per year.4). OBAMA AND MICHELLE S LUXURIOUS TAXPAYER FUNDED 5-STAR EXISTENCE:Since the beginning of Barack Obama s administration, the Obamas have become increasingly notorious for unnecessary, luxurious travel, under the guise of official business.According to records obtained by Judicial Watch through FOIA requests and subsequent lawsuits, the Obamas and Bidens have spent millions of taxpayer dollars on trips, beginning with the Obamas  much-publicized New York City  date night  in 2009 up through the president s most frequent golf outings and the first lady s Aspen ski jaunts.Judicial Watch uncovered an expensive combination of trips by the Obamas to Africa and Honolulu, which cost taxpayers $15,885,585.30 in flight expenses alone. The single largest prior known expense for accommodations was for Michelle Obama s side-trip to Dublin, Ireland, during the 2013 G-8 conference in Belfast, when she and her entourage booked 30 rooms at the five-star Shelbourne Hotel, and where she stayed in the 1500 square-foot Princess Grace suite at a cost of $3,500 a night.The total cost to taxpayers for the Obamas  Ireland trip was $7,921,638.66. To date, the known beyond-first-class travel expenses of the Obamas and Vice President Joe Biden exceed $57 million.In February, Michelle Obama took a weekend trip to Aspen, Colorado that cost taxpayers a pretty penny; $57,068.80 in travel expenses alone for the 7.4 hour-round trip flight, according to U.S.Air Force records.5) THE ULTIMATE 5-STAR, TAXPAYER FUNDED OBAMA FAMILY FREE-LOADER:Michelle Obama s mother, Marian Robinson, has been living like a queen ever since her daughter moved into the White House. Just take a look at all of the vacations you ve paid for her to take as an extended member of the First Family:Tagging along with the First Family doesn t come cheap, but of course, Robinson isn t the one footing the bill. That responsibility lands squarely on the shoulders of hard-working taxpayers like you and me.So why are we saddled with this extra expense at a time when the American taxpayer is already so burdened by an out-of-control national deficit? According to the Washington Examiner, it s because Robinson  cares for her grandchildren in the White House. Really???The Obama girls are certainly old enough to care for themselves. At the very least, they do not need a glorified nanny to accompany them around the world, costing millions of extra dollars in travel expenses. Malia is preparing to start college; she s definitely too old for a babysitter.Perhaps the Obamas are not breaking any laws by ensuring that Marian Robinson gets to live the high life during their years in the White House, but they are being incredibly insensitive, which honestly, we have come to expect from the self-indulgent family. After all, the First Lady is embarking on her third vacation in as many months in just a couple weeks.EVERYDAY AMERICAN:The average American retiree (or those 65 and older) is spending about $3,600 per month   or about $43,600 per year. Using the 4% rule, that would mean a nest egg of over $1 million would be needed to finance the  average  lifestyle.More and more Americans over the age of 65 are struggling with mounting debt levels, fueled primarily by mortgages and credit cards. The average debt held by senior citizens has ballooned to $50,000 in 2010, up 83% since 2001, according to Federal Reserve data crunched by the Employee Benefit Research Institute.Much of this is due to an increase in housing-related debt. Families headed by someone at least 60 years old had the largest increase in average mortgage debt, in terms of percentage, between 2000 and 2012, according to the St. Louis Federal Reserve.Of course, Marian doesn t have to worry about housing, food or 5-star vacation costs. She was quietly moved into the taxpayer funded White House in 2008 under the guise of a  nanny  for the Obama girls. She has somehow managed to continue living on the tax-payer dime without any media scrutiny. Even though the oldest Obama daughter is now in college and the youngest daughter is perfectly capable of brushing her own teeth, taxpayer funded granny has enjoyed a lifestyle that 99% of American seniors can only dream about. The king and Queen of extravagant vacations, free-loading grannies and golf and will be gone in 4 months and the only thing we ll have to show for it is a multi-million dollar tab.Work harder America the Obama s lived it up on our dime and now we have a massive tab to pay.Happy Labor Day!",0
20026,OBAMA DEFENDS KAEPERNICK’S Decision to Disrespect American Flag: “He’s generated more interest in something that needs to be talked about”,"When Obama had the opportunity to speak out against 49er s quarterback Colin Kaepernick s disrespect for our flag, he chose instead to defend his actions, explaining that it was okay for him to sit out the national anthem, as long as he was bringing attention to the cop-hating/killing, divisive Black Lives Matter terror group President Obama said San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick is  exercising his constitutional right  to sit out the national anthem, but the president acknowledged that the silent protest is a  tough thing  for military service members to accept.At a news conference in China on Monday, the president said he did not doubt Kaepernick s sincerity in his decision not to stand for the anthem ahead of games to protest the treatment of African Americans by law enforcement in U.S. cities. Obama noted a  long history  of sports figures protesting political or social issues. There are a lot of ways you can do it,  Obama said after the G-20 summit here.  As a general matter when it comes to the flag and the national anthem and the meaning that holds for our men and women in uniform and those who fought for us   that is a tough thing for them to get past to then hear what his deeper concerns are. But I don t doubt his sincerity. I think he cares about some real, legitimate issues that have to be talked about. If nothing else, he s generated more conversation about issues that have to be talked about. Obama said he has not closely followed the controversy surrounding Kaepernick s actions while he has been overseas, but he said he was aware of the public response, which has been sharply divided. The president has sought to balance his own response to the unrest and mistrust between African Americans and police officers over the past several years, including in Baton Rouge and Dallas this year. You ve heard me talk in the past about the need for us to have an active citizenry,  Obama said.  Sometimes that s messy and controversial and gets people angry and frustrated. But I d rather have young people that are engaged in the argument and trying to think through how they can be part of our democratic process than people just sitting on the sidelines not participating at all. My suspicion is that over time he s going to refine how he thinks about it. Maybe some of his critics will start seeing that he had a point about concerns about justice and equality. That s how we move forward.    Washington Post",0
20027,LEAKED DOCUMENTS: GEORGE SOROS GAVE 600K To Pro-Refugee Groups To Influence “Attitudes”," Leaked documents from left-wing financier George Soros s Open Society Foundations continue to reveal the extent to which the group has influenced the political response to Europe s refugee crisis. Internal documents show OSF used $600,000 in reserve funding in March 2016 to bring pro-refugee positions into the  political mainstream. Jordi Vaquer, OSF s regional director for Europe, approved a $600,000 proposal entitled,  Countering the anti-migrant rhetoric and toxic narratives surrounding migration in Europe. According to OSF documents, half of the $600,000 would go towards lobbying efforts. All $600,000 came from OSF s  Europe Reserve Fund. A summary of the proposal notes that  the proposed reserve fund allocation will allow for additional resources to be allocated towards countering xenophobic attitudes in Europe, move parts of the political mainstream towards more pro-refugee positions, and build constituencies around a more progressive approach to migration and asylum. Read more: Daily Caller",0
20028,"GARY JOHNSON: Meet The “Creepy” Pro-Amnesty, Anti-Gun, Pro-TPP, Pro-Abortion, Democrat Party Operative And His Anti-Gun Rights, Friend Of Clinton’s VP Pick [VIDEO]","For anyone who believes they re more CONSERVATIVE than the average Trump supporter because they re planning to vote for Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson and his running mate, former Governor Bill Weld you may want to re-think your  conservative  position. It turns out, you re really just voting for another Barack Obama without the race card to fall back on or Hillary without the criminal background Libertarians should be allergic to power grabs by the executive for the obvious reason that they lend themselves to concentrated authority and (usually) bigger government. If you want to slow the state down, a robust, sharply divided Congress that jealously guards its constitutional prerogatives from the president should be your ideal   even in cases where the executive happens to be acting towards an end you deem salutary. In this year of all years, admirers of Obama s various forms of overreach should be thinking hard about how President Trump might build on his precedents. To a constitutionalist, which most mainstream libertarians claim to be, all of this is second nature.Is Gary Johnson a constitutionalist?THRUSH: How about Obama s executive order, which was decried as being a great constitutional violation by the Republicans, Obama s executive order on immigration. Did you consider that to be a violation or did you consider that a reasonable use of targeted executive power?MR. JOHNSON: I saw it as a reasonable use, challenging Congress to action. And an untold story with regard to Obama and immigration is he s broken up 3 million families. He has deported 3 million heads of households that have gone back to Mexico and their families have remained in the United States.If Obama issued an executive order to the IRS demanding that they collect 10 percent more in tax from individuals than the Internal Revenue Code provides, would Johnson deem that legal? What if the order instructed the agency to collect 10 percent less tax? Would his opinion of its legality change? Because it shouldn t. Bear in mind, Obama s 2014  DAPA  amnesty has already been blocked by a preliminary injunction that was upheld on review by the Fifth Circuit so Johnson had plenty of legal cover here to say that he s troubled by Obama s procedural approach despite the fact that he happens to agree with the policy ends. Instead he seems to endorse the bizarre legal theory pushed by some leftists that if Congress isn t moving quickly enough for the president s taste in enacting a policy he supports, he can go ahead and  challenge  them by enacting it himself and leaving it to Congress to overrule him if they feel strongly to the contrary. How the hell does a libertarian arrive at that model of government? The president does what he wants, and then it falls to the people s representatives to try to muster a two-thirds majority to override his policy? What?   HotAirHere is Gary Johnson in 2 minutes:Gary Johnson s running mate, Bill Weld wants all firearms that have five rounds or more banned.The NYT s reported on gun-grabber Governor Bill Weld here:Watch Gary Johnson s running mate former Governor Bill Weld endorsing Barack Obama. The most stunning part of the entire interview with MSNBC s Chris Matthews is when he calls radical leftist Barack Obama a  Once in a lifetime talent. Here s a fun fact uncovered by Newsweek: Weld has been friends with both Hillary and Bill Clinton for quite some time. According to Newsweek, Weld and Hillary both worked together on the House impeachment committee in 1974 and almost worked for Bill during Bill s presidency in 1997. Weld has also gone on to say that he does not believe Hillary is in the wrong or should be punished for her emails. Some experts worry that his closeness to the Clintons could be a problem other Libertarians. Weld was also chosen as Bill Clinton s ambassador to Mexico before he withdrew after being denied a hearing by the Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Sen. Jesse Helms. ",0
20029,CNN PANEL ROARS WITH LAUGHTER At Tim Kaine’s Lame Defense Of Clinton Not Holding A Press Conference [Video], ,0
20030,HILLARY’S #UNFIT TO SERVE…And Her Cover-Up Is Imploding! [VIDEO],"Wow! This video really shows how the media covers for Hillary, while reminding us of their constant obsession over John McCain s health when he ran for President in 2008. Hillary is not well that s pretty clear from watching her very strange and confused behavior of late. The question is how sick is she, and will she even survive the remainder of this grueling campaign season?",0
20031,HILLARY IS FURIOUS OVER EMAIL HACKS…Openly Threatens War With Russia…Media Is SILENT [VIDEO],But the media s concerned Trump is the threat to our national security with his  reckless words.  LOL!Watch #UnFitHillary threaten Russia here:,0
20032,POLICE UNION Threatens 49er’s With BOYCOTT: TAKE ACTION Against Bench-Warmer Kaepernick’s “Inappropriate Behavior” Or We May Choose To “Not Work At Your Facilities”,"Dear San Francisco Police Union: We wanted you to know that if you decide to boycott the 49er s, America supports you 100%. If the 49er s are unable to speak out against this sickening bench-warmers anti-american,and anti-law enforcement antics, they can figure out how to protect themselves at their next home game. Maybe they could ask the Black Panthers or Black Lives Matter thugs to patrol the stadium I m sure the fans would love that idea LOL!The union for police officers who work San Francisco home games says its members may boycott policing the stadium if the 49ers don t discipline Colin Kaepernick for refusing to stand during the national anthem and for his statements about law enforcement.A letter from the Santa Clara Police Officers Association sent to the 49ers was obtained Friday by KNTV-TV, the NBC affiliate in San Jose.It says that Kaepernick s protest has  threatened our harmonious working relationship  with the 49ers. About 70 officers from the Santa Clara Police Department patrol Levi s Stadium when the 49ers play there. If the 49ers organization fails to take action to stop this type of inappropriate behavior it could result in police officers choosing not to work at your facilities,  the letter reads.  The board of directors of the Santa Clara Police Officer s Association has a duty to protect its members and work to make all of their working environments free of harassing behavior. It also criticized what it called anti-police statements made by Kaepernick, calling them  insulting, inaccurate and completely unsupported by any facts.    ABC News",0
20033,AMERICAN UNIVERSITY HIRES Former Islamic Terror Recruiter: “I trust him” [VIDEO],"9-11 is a distant memory for liberals George Washington University has hired a former Islamic extremist to work at its center on homeland security   a man who once denounced the United States and made threats against the creators of the TV series  South Park  for depicting the Prophet Muhammad in a bear suit.While reformed extremists have worked at universities in Europe to help fight terrorism, this is believed to be a first in the United States.Jesse Morton, who was known as Younus Abdullah Muhammad when he was a recruiter for the al-Qaeda, brings a  unique perspective  to counter-terrorism work, said Seamus Hughes, deputy director of the Program on Extremism at George Washington University s Center for Cyber & Homeland Security .Watch Younus Abdullah Muhammad here:During his days as an extremist, Morton earned a master s degree in international affairs from Columbia University.Hughes said before making the hiring decision, he discussed Morton with the FBI, leaders in the security community and the lawyers that prosecuted Morton.He said he s sure Morton is completely reformed from the days he served time in federal prison after inciting people to join a terrorist organization. I trust him,  he said.  We did our due diligence. Nadia Oweidat, a fellow at the think tank New America who s interviewed dozens of former extremists, said she doesn t doubt Morton s sincerity. People go through phases. They evolve and are finally able to see the light,  she said.She doesn t think Morton made up his de-radicalization to get a shorter prison sentence. When an extremist defects, they risk being completely targeted by their community   it s like saying you re gay publicly,  she said.  There are life-altering consequences and you don t approach it lightly. She said other organizations should also recruit former extremists in the hopes of preventing future massacres such as the San Bernardino shooting or the November terror attack in Paris, both committed by radicalized Islamists.   CNN",0
20034,"DETROIT POLICE FORCED To Call Out BOMB SQUAD To Protect Trump From Hillary Supporters Offended By Speech About Bringing Jobs Back To Blacks, Faith","Manufactured protests Hillary, George Soros, Barack and radical union style Yawn Does Trump talking about bringing jobs back to Detroit really scare these protesters so bad that they feel compelled to pick up manufactured signs and pre-printed t-shirts to protest him? The department s bomb squad truck was parked nearby and Secret Service officers shooed people off the sidewalks in front of the church and told them they d have to go elsewhere. -Detroit FPWatch Trump s full speech at Detroit s Great Faith Ministries church here:https://youtu.be/BecyLcXD2LgLiberals specialize in manufactured outrage. Here s a perfect example:NEW   Protests getting heated outside Detroit church where Trump is visiting this morning (  : @vaughnFNC) pic.twitter.com/ECsG13uAy9  Chris Snyder (@ChrisSnyderFox) September 3, 2016Pay close attention to the mass manufactured signs. The people in the video wearing #NO Trump Detroit t-shirts were likely issued these shirts when they agreed to be paid protesters.It s not uncommon for Democrats to bus people in from other states to protest when they can t find enough interest in their own backyards. The printed t-shirts are usually a good way to track the paid protesters to make sure they re doing what is expected of them:They're chanting, ""No Trump.""BUT what they mean is: ""This $15/hr protest gig is the ONLY JOB available in Detroit.""pic.twitter.com/c36ONcCCre  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) September 3, 2016Here s Hillary s Michigan Communications Director is attempting to make voters believe no one showed up for Trump in Detroit. But Trump isn t even present in the church yet. This is how the liberal Hillary machine rolls, with lies and false propaganda:Lots of empty rows for #TrumpinDetroit inside Great Faith Ministries (photo via @ChadLivengood) pic.twitter.com/0b6ZEMGIRy  Mitchell Rivard (@mitchellrivard) September 3, 2016Here s an actual picture of the crowd who came to see Trump speak at the Great Faith Ministries church in Detroit:",0
20035,PROTESTERS CAN’T STOP A HUMBLE TRUMP: Delivers A Powerful Message To Detroit [Video],"Donald Trump just delivered a humble and heartfelt speech in Detroit.https://youtu.be/BecyLcXD2LgHe s been bashed on social media all day for his visit. Hillary s thugs were out in force because they re shaking in their boots that Trump might win. The people deserve better and hopefully they ll wake up and break free of doing the same thing they ve done for decades. Detroit needs someone like Trump!DOING THE SAME THING OVER AND OVER   THE DEFINITION OF INSANITY:I m protesting #TrumpInDetroit pic.twitter.com/UucWlm4aK8  madamecain (@madamecain) September 3, 2016Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump praised the black church Saturday at the Greater Faith Ministries International church as he made his first direct outreach to African-American voters.TRUMP IN DETROIT:  I will always defend your church   so important   and defend your right to worship,  said Trump, who was introduced by Bishop Wayne T. Jackson to polite applause.The New York businessman emphasized issues such as fighting for good-paying jobs, expanded school choice and a civil rights agenda in his first campaign appearance before a predominantly African-American audience. He acknowledged the discrimination African-Americans still face in the country and pledged to work to heal it. We re all brothers and sisters,  he said in measured tones from notes during almost 10 minutes of remarks.  We must love each other and support each other and we are all in this together. The nation  is too divided and talk past each other,  Trump said.  I m here today to learn  about how to move beyond racial and economic divides. I am here to listen to you,  he said.The real estate developer noted that he had seen people sitting on the street and inactivity and a lack of jobs in the surrounding neighborhood when he came to the church. We re going to turn it around. We re going to turn it around, pastor,  Trump said to Bishop Jackson after noting that he had seen people sitting on the street and the lack of activity and jobs in the surrounding neighborhood.Before the service, he shook hands with the audience and showed off a baby to the congregation. Trump sat in service with Omarosa, the villain from his  The Apprentice  reality television series and his director of African-American outreach.He also introduced and hugged Dr. Ben Carson, the native Detroiter who ran against him in the Republican presidential primaries and now is an adviser. It was uncertain whether Carson would take Trump on a tour of a Detroit neighborhood after the service. VIA: DETROIT NEWS",0
20036,HILLARY’S STATE DEPARTMENT DESTROYED 13 Of Her Mobile Devices With Hammers…WATCH Incredible 2015 Video: Hillary Tells Reporters She Only Used ONE Mobile Device [VIDEO]," I thought it would be easier to carry just one device for my work and for my personal emails instead of two. Just the kind of person we need running our country a lying, corrupt and crooked woman; who feels she deserves the highest office in our nation because she comes equipped with the proper genitalia Any woman (or man) who supports this common criminal should be hanging their head in shame:",0
20037,HOW CAN THIS HAPPEN IN AMERICA? Atheist Mayor Suspends And Jails LA Fireman For Praying At Scene Of Fire," Communism begins where atheism begins. -Karl MarxEarly this morning, a small town in Louisiana suspended one of its firefighters, 39-year-old Ronnie Edwards, without pay for praying at the scene of an uncontained fire. Edwards, who has been with the DeQuincy Fire Department since he was 21, was also arrested and sentenced to 30 days in jail. I just do what our Lord & Savior, Jesus Christ, would do,  Edwards told local DeQuincy news station DQLA6.  It s not about me, it s about spreading his message, you know? He works through me, I m just fortunate enough to be part of that. According to sources within the DeQuincy Fire Department, Edwards, known to locals as  The Praying Fireman , has been praying at the scene of fires since he joined the department in 1998, and it is only recently that the ritual has become an issue. Ronnie [Edwards] would always pray after we put out a fire, most of the time in the front yard or something,  fellow firefighter Eugene Ketchum said.  It never really bothered anyone, it was just something he did. We put our lives on the line whenever we respond to a fire. I figure if praying helps him out then why not let the guy pray? Ketchum said that things changed in 2014 when DeQuincy elected the first democratic mayor in its history, an African American atheist named Lawana Jones. He said that when Jones heard that Edwards made a habit of praying at fires she sent a memo to all city employees advising them that any expression of personal religious belief while on duty was a violation of their contract with the city.According to DeQuincy city attorney Paul Horner, Jones made four previous attempts to address the issue personally with Edwards, but Edwards became more defiant with each meeting. Refusal to obey an official city order is a misdemeanor and we must take action to address the crime,  Horner told reporters.  We didn t want to suspend the man and have him arrested but we were out of options. Mayor Jones, spoke with ABC News, about her decision to suspend and imprison Edwards for praying while at work. I m not anti-religious,  said Mayor Jones in a written statement,  But there is an appropriate time and place for everything. When he prays while on duty, he gives the impression that the City of DeQuincy is endorsing one particular religion over another. That is not the message that my office wants to send; it s not what the people of DeQuincy elected me to do.  Jones continued,  If you live in a county where democracy is established, you should be aware that the idea of the separation of church and state is the only way to prevent the government from forcing religion on you and directing your religion and its doctrines. Religion is one of the most important factors in most people s lives and it should be treated with reverence. In order to keep the government from directing religion and making it change how you are allowed to believe, church and state need to be separate. This allows for more openness when it comes to the decisions of the country. And in a world where everyone has different beliefs and different religions, a forced religion can cause an uprising and the dissolvent of a nation. You re supposed to do your job, not involve politics and religion into it. Republican Presidential Nominee, Donald Trump, caught wind of Edward s misfortune and while speaking to Fox News offered some harsh words for Mayor Jones. I can tell you; when I win the White House, there s gonna be some changes in DeQuincy. They re gonna reinstate Ronnie Edwards; they re gonna give him his back pay; they re give him restitution for the time he spent in jail; and Lawana Jones is going to pay for it. And if Mayor Jones doesn t want to do that, I ll have her thrown in jail so fast her head will spin. In spite of all that has happened, Edwards says that he is not bitter. The Bible says that there will be sacrifices when you choose to follow the path of righteousness; it says that you will be reviled by the wicked. I will continue to pray that Mayor Jones comes to accept Jesus Christ, and will keep praying that God sees fit to put Donald Trump in the White House, but whether or not any of that happens, I still trust God and know that everything is happening according to his divine plan. Edwards is scheduled for release from the DeQuincy City Jail on September 29th.  ABC",0
20038,WATCH CNN HOST FREAK AFTER On-Air “Fact-Check” Proves All 13 Of HILLARY’S Mobile Devices DESTROYED With Hammers [VIDEO]," Hang-on, hang-on, hang-on, hang-on Brooke Baldwin desperately tried to discredit the story about Hillary s 13 Blackberries being destroyed by State Department employees. Unfortunately for Brooke, and the entire leftist machine, Hillary s ship is sinking and they just can t bail fast enough to save her https://twitter.com/magnifier661/status/771874124884905984",0
20039,LIBERAL SMACK DOWN OF THE DAY: Watch What Happens When A Racist MSNBC Host Tries To Shame Latino Trump Supporter For Using “Illegal” Alien Term [VIDEO],"The Left is not able to get away with shaming conservatives as easily as they were in the past. Outspoken conservative GOP Presidential candidates like Donald Trump, Ben Carson, Ted Cruz, Mike Huckabee and Carly Fiorina started fighting back against the liberal media at the outset of the presidential election season, opening the door for conservatives like Steve Cortes to fight back when appropriate and boy, was this the appropriate time!MSNBC s Joy Reid, filling in for Chris Hayes, goes head-to-head with Steve Cortes, a Latino Trump supporter of Donald Trump, for using the term  illegals  to describe illegal immigrants.Reid was also incredulous that Cortes would use that term, being that he is a Hispanic. Cortes told Reid his parents came to the U.S. legally. She wasn t impressed and lectured Cortes that she is also the daughter of immigrants. When it comes to the bedrock principles, I don t disagree with him at all,  Cortes defended Trump on Thursday s broadcast of MSNBC s All In with Chris Hayes.  Those are twofold. Number one, we have to secure our border. Number two, there can be no citizenship for illegals. You cannot reward criminality. Reid stopped him right there. Hold on a second,  the MSNBCer said. I m going to stop you right there. You are Hispanic, Steve. Are you comfortable with that term, illegals? That is a pejorative to a lot of people. Why do you use that term?  Reid asked, not believing a Latino would use such a term. You know why, because words matter,  Cortes said. Yeah, they do,  Reid shot back. If you do something that is against the law, it s illegal,  Cortes reminded Reid.  If you go into a store and you shoplift, you re not an undocumented holder of a good, you re a thief. If you come to the United States against the immigration laws of the United States, you re not undocumented, You re illegal. You said that you didn t agree with all the things he said last night. point out two or three of the things that you did not like?  Reid asked. Joy, listen, I would have a softer tone on illegals,  Cortes suggested.This time the interview came to a screeching halt. Can you do me a favor? Just while you re talking to me, can you not use that terminology?  a very offended Reid asked. No, I will not do you that favor,  Cortes responded. Oh, interesting,  a stunned Reid said. Because the English language matters,  Cortes told Reid.  They re here illegally. We can t get over that. My father came here legally.    Real Clear Politics",0
