id,title,text,label
20541,“THE JIHADIST NEXT DOOR”…Undercover Filmmaker Shows BRUTAL Truth About EVIL Intentions Of Britain’s Non-Assimilating Muslim Community,"This is the truth about the intentions of the growing radical Muslim population living in the UK. It s the truth the liberal, open-borders Left in America doesn t want you to see. These are the people Donald Trump is warning us about allowing into our country with no real vetting, besides that of the UN, who has no vested interest in our national security. The people featured in this video could easily be your neighbor. An Eye-Opening Two Year Undercover Investigation Into Britain s Muslim Community These are the black flags of Islam. This one is actually the flag of the Islamic State [ISIS]. One day when the Sharia comes, you will see this black flag everywhere. One famous scholar of Islam Sheik he said that,  The black flag of Islam will one day fly high over 10 Downing Street  and that was about 10-15 years ago. It seemed ludicrous back then, but if you look at the way society is moving now, you see it as a very real possibility, the way Muslims are coming forward in this country. ",0
20542,LOL! OPEN BORDERS SEAN PENN Responds After New PRO-REFUGEE Movie Gets DESTROYED By Critics At Cannes,"Is it possible the French have lost their appetite for our pro-open borders Hollywood liberals misrepresenting the truth about the inundation of Muslim men into their towns and communities? CANNES   Another day, another dud. In its early days, the 69th Cannes Film Festival was one of pleasant surprises, including a three-hour German-language art-house comedy, Toni Erdmann, that had critics applauding during as well as after the film. Then there was Paterson, a Jim Jarmusch creation starring Adam Driver as a bus driver who writes poetry. The well-received film plays out like something of a poem itself. And even if it doesn t win any official prizes, it has already captured the  Palme Dog  for best canine performance, by a bulldog named Nellie.But many of cinema s big names have proven less reliable. Woody Allen s Caf  Society and Stephen Spielberg s The BFG, both opening out of competition, were solid but hardly the directors  best work. A Thursday night screening of The Neon Demon, written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn and starring Elle Fanning, drew jeers for its lurid, over-the-top stew of vampirism, cannibalism and a touch of necrophilia.That was followed the next morning by The Last Face, Sean Penn s fifth film as a director and his first since 2007 s Into the Wild. It s a story of refugee crises and humanitarian aid (subjects with which the activist Penn is intimately familiar) but also, as an opening text explains with a thud:  about the love (pause)   between a man (pause)   and a woman.  You could hear the groans from the crowd.Charlize Theron and Javier Bardem lead an international cast that includes Britain s Jared Harris and French star Jean Reno. They are aid workers whose tumultuous love affair plays out over a decade and many explosions   and, lest we doubt their passion, through a variety of slow-motion scenes, soft-focus lenses and choral music.Penn had little to say about the negative reaction to The Last Face.  I ve finished the film so it s not a discussion that I feel I can be of any value to,  he said.  I stand behind the film as it is, and everybody is going to be well entitled to their response. Via: National Post ",0
20543,WOMAN WORKING OUT WITH HUSBAND Told To Stop Wearing Tank Top To Gym…Reason Why Is OUTRAGEOUS!,"It s perfectly appropriate for a male rapist to make his way into a public girl s bathroom but a woman working out with her husband in a gym is not allowed to wear a TANK TOP because the size of her breasts might offend someone?  Saying she felt  degraded,  an Ottawa woman is pursuing a possible human rights complaint against a local health club that asked her not to wear a tank top allegedly because of the size of her breasts.But the club, Movati Athletic, was fighting back against Jenna Vecchio Friday, saying that while it did not intend to embarrass her, it was she and her husband who chose to make the dispute public.Vecchio said she has contacted a human rights lawyer and is considering her options after she was told by a female staff member at Movati that her black, form-fitting tank top was making other gym members uncomfortable.The incident, which took place last Saturday while Vecchio and her husband were working out, left the woman shaken. It was humiliating because there were other members around (who) stopped doing what they were doing to listen in on the conversation,  Vecchio told The Canadian Press. I felt singled out, degraded,  she added. My chest became the focus of conversation and that s not something a woman likes to discuss openly with people. Vecchio shared her story on Facebook. It currently has over 5,200 shares.Here is Vecchio s post to Facebook:Vecchio returned to the gym two days later, where she cancelled her membership after speaking with the club manager, who promised to look into the matter and get back to her.But Vecchio didn t get a response and said she only heard through the media that Movati is standing by the decision.In a statement, the company said it launched an investigation after it saw Vecchio s Facebook post, and that it is upholding the decision to enforce its dress code. Following Ms. Vecchio s own social media postings on this matter, we conducted a thorough investigation which included first-hand accounts from members and other staff, and a followup meeting with Jenna herself,  said the statement. Upon conclusion of our interviews, we stand by the original decision that confirms that Ms. Vecchio was dressed inconsistently with our code of conduct.  Via: National Post ",0
20544,RELIGION OF PROGRESSIVISM: Meet Obama’s NEW Transgender Leader For FAITH-BASED Neighborhood Partnerships,"The religion of Progressivism is working overtime to erase and replace Christianity in the lives of Americans. God is nothing more than a nuisance. He only gets in the way of a more  accepting  religion the Left has been cultivating for decades, where the rules are morals are determined by a select group of people in our government and in specially appointed positions within our government. You know kinda like Communism The Obama administration has appointed a transgender individual to the President s Advisory Council on Faith-based Neighborhood Partnerships, selecting Barbara Satin for a post along with two representatives of minority faiths.Satin, who was born a man but identifies as a woman, is an Air Force veteran, a member of the United Church of Christ and currently works with the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force, according to CBN News. Given the current political climate, I believe it s important that a voice of faith representing the transgender and gender non-conforming community   as well as a person of my years, nearly 82   be present and heard in these vital conversations,  Satin said in a statement published through the United Church of Christ.   The Blazeh/t Weasel Zippers",0
20545,TRANSGENDER TARGET SUING Good Samaritan Who Saved Girl From Being Stabbed To Death [VIDEO],"The timing couldn t possibly be any worse ***WARNING*** GRAPHIC VideoTarget is smack dab in the middle of a PR nightmare. The news of Target suing this good samaritan couldn t have come at a worse time In 2013, everyone agreed that Michael Turner saved the life of a teenaged girl who was attacked in a Pennsylvania Target store. Now, Target is suing him.When she was sixteen, Allison Meadows was shopping in an East Liberty, Pennsylvania, Target store when Leon Walls rushed into the outlet and stabbed her.With the assistance of surveillance video, Walls was convicted of attempted homicide for his attack on the girl.Here is the horrific video of the stabbing and more importantly, of the heroic act by Michael Turner (who Target is suing) that saved her life:The only reason the girl did not suffer more injuries is because Michael Turner interceded and, along with several other men, confronted Walls. Turner himself chased Walls out the store with a baseball bat.Unsurprisingly, Meadows was extremely thankful for Turner s efforts. I thank him,  Meadows has said.  I thank him every time I see him. But Meadows launched a lawsuit against Target, saying the store s lack of security put all shoppers, not just her, in danger.Target, however, is less grateful for Mr. Turner s heroics. And now the retailer is suing him for  endangering  the store s customers.According to the company s filing, Target says Turner and several others chased the suspect toward the store s entrance after the attack on the girl. The store insists Turner put other shoppers at risk with his actions.The victim of the stabbing and her family are furious with the retail chain and say Target is just trying to shift the blame away from its own security failures. Suing Michael Turner is just Target s way of trying to blame someone else for what happened under their own roof,  the Meadows family attorney said.  The family certainly doesn t blame Mr. Turner and they are thankful he was there that day. Target is already getting negative publicity; the chain is the subject of a major boycott effort due to its announcement that it is allowing men to use women s bathrooms and changing rooms.Despite the uproar over its decision not to mention the loss of up to $6 billion in stock values Target doubled down on its policy.Via: Breitbart",0
20546,WATCH: THINGS GET UGLY WHEN Canada’s Self-Proclaimed “FEMINIST” Prime Minister ELBOWS Woman From Conservative Party On House Of Commons Floor,"The self proclaimed  feminist  apparently has no problem with using physical force against a woman who is part of a party that opposes his radical ideology Apparently, he forgot about his  softer side  when he elbowed NDP MP Ruth Ellen Brousseau in the chest Following the fracas on the floor of the House of Commons Wednesday night, opposition members of Parliament have taken turns scolding Justin Trudeau for his behaviour, with some even suggesting that the prime minister might be guilty of a crime.Justin Trudeau elbows his way into a bad dayJustin Trudeau apologizes for  failing to live up to a higher standard NDP MP Niki Ashton said that  physical violence  had taken place in the House and that  people would call what happened here assault.  Conservative MP and deputy justice critic Michael Cooper suggested that Trudeau s physical encounters with two MPs could be defined as  criminal assault.  And Tory MP Mark Warawa tweeted that Trudeau was guilty of  physical assault.  And technically speaking, they might have a point.Ahead of a vote to limit debate on the government s doctor-assisted dying bill, Trudeau walked across the aisle and took Conservative Party whip Gord Brown by the arm while inadvertently elbowing NDP MP Ruth Ellen Brosseau in the chest. Trudeau has apologized repeatedly for the incident and said his behaviour was  unacceptable. Assault definition is broadBut the act of taking Brown by the arm and ushering him to his seat,  in the most technical sense   probably meets all the requirements for assault,  said Toronto lawyer Daniel Lerner, who was a former Ontario Crown prosecutor. The basic definition of an assault is if a person intentionally uses force on another person without their consent. (Brown said he told the prime minister to let go of him.)But that definition is broad and  can capture quite a lot,  Lerner said.Via: CBC ",0
20547,WEDDING CRASHERS: Hillary Tries To Explain Why She And Bill Attended Trump Wedding And Proves They Are First Class Grifters,"Who goes to a wedding and doesn t bring a gift? Who brags about going to a wedding and not bringing a gift?  Hillary admits she and Bill thought the wedding would be  fun .Grifters Opportunists The Clinton s That s who When Hillary Clinton and husband Bill attended Donald Trump s 2005 wedding, their presence was their present.Asked at a Monday night forum in Iowa what she got Trump for his wedding, Clinton responded with a slight smile,  Nothing. Nothing. He used to   he was basically a Democrat before he was a Republican,  she continued,  and he was, you know, somebody that we all knew in New York. And he was supportive of Democrats. He was supportive of a lot of the causes that I cared about and that people I knew cared about. Now he seems to have taken another road,  she concluded.At the GOP debate in Cleveland, Trump claimed Clinton had  no choice  but to attend his wedding. Trump married Melania Knauss, his third wife, at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach.In August, Clinton offered a different explanation for attending. I didn t know him that well. I mean I knew him, and I happened to be in Florida, and I thought it was going to be fun to go to this wedding, because it s always entertaining,  she said last year. It s all entertainment. I think he s having the time of his life, saying what he wants to say getting people excited both for and against him. It is generally accepted that guests invited to a wedding bring a gift, even when the groom is a real estate mogul.Advice columnist Miss Manners wrote in 2013,  You should not be attending a wedding if you do not care about the couple (either truly, or because they are relatives and you are supposed to care), and therefore wedding guests give wedding presents. Via: NYP",0
20548,WATCH: TRANSEXUAL MICHELLE OBAMA LOOK-ALIKE Kicked Out Of Girls Bathroom By Security Guard…Presses Charges,"So it begins the suing of Americans who don t agree with Obama s dangerous decree that allows men to use the little girl s room at will. Will the first little girl who is raped in the Target bathroom receive the same media attention and compassion as this MAN will get from leftist LGBT agitators and progressive pigs of America? D.C. police have charged a security guard at a Giant grocery store with simple assault after a transgender woman said the guard forced her out of the women s restroom. Ebony Belcher, 32, said she went to the Giant in northeast D.C. with a friend to pick up a delivery from the Western Union.While at the Giant, she asked a store employee to point her to the restroom and passed a female security officer standing in the hallway. The officer came into the restroom and told her to get out, according to Belcher. Via: NBCWashingtonAlmost as disturbing as the transvestite who is eagerly using the little girls room (even though his genitals clearly show he is a male and should be using the bathroom with urinals), is Jackie Bensen, the woman reporting for News 4. Instead of reporting about a man who was invading the private space of women, she instead, chooses to behave as though she s just been exposed to a gruesome murder scene.We agree with the brilliant commentary on this issue by Rick Wells:Did the whole US sign up for some kind of voluntary brainwashing or mind control exercise without inviting me? As a similarly perplexed comedic genius once put it satirically,  What in the wide wide world of sports is a goin on here?  Now life has become stranger than fiction.The reporting and hand wringing would and should be laughable if it weren t so seriously deranged. Words have meaning and pronouns are words   he is for boys, those with  outie plumbing;  she is for girls, the ones with  innie plumbing.  It s no more complicated than that or at least there s no reason for it to be. Despite claims to the contrary, clothes do not make the man or the woman. The female reporter joins in, describing the bathroom user as a  transgender woman,  and using the female pronouns for the man. You mean the mentally unstable man dressed up as a woman who is lurking in about in the ladies  room, don t you, Miss liberal news reader? And aren t you being quite disingenuous? Wouldn t you want a pervert lurking around as you were taking care of your own private business to be redirected if you had been in that situation?According to the on the scene reporter, rather than thanking the security officer for protecting the space and the privacy of the real women from perverts pretending to be women, possible  hate crime  charges are being considered. That s good, make an example of this hero who stood up to the liberal bullying and turn women s rooms across America into pervert lounges. That s what the Marxists want, along with the complete emasculation of the American male population and manning-up of the girls.The reporter calls the pervert a  transgender woman  multiple times, misreporting the events. She says it was a  deeply humiliating  experience for the dude looks like a lady, which it should have been. Anywhere that man goes dressed up like a girl he should be embarrassed, it s abnormal.Even more embarrassing should be the fact that when he s dressed up like a girl he looks like a clone of another suspected transsexual, Michelle Obama. He s the spitting image right down to the overabundant teeth in his mouth and the freshly weed-whacked hairdo.His friend, identified as Earline  Bud  in the report, is another of the men parading as a woman though his size clearly restricts him to the handicapped stall of any facility he uses. He claims he couldn t believe that his friend was told he had to go to the proper restroom. Yeah, pretty unbelievable isn t it?For entire commentary click here: Rick Wells GIANT store s response: ",0
20549,FURIOUS CUSTOMERS RESPOND To Home Depot Cashier’s “AMERICA WAS NEVER GREAT” Anti-Trump Hat [VIDEO],"The people who are angry about her wearing this hat should also be angry at the  hate America  indoctrination our children are getting at school, and from our Community Organizer In Chief who s made it cool to hate America and it s racist, homophobic, greedy citizens The decision by Home Depot cashier to wear a white baseball cap carrying the slogan  America Was Never Great  has caused a social media storm.A photo of Staten Island Home Depot employee Krystal Lake wearing the anti-Trump hat went viral Sunday. The reaction from Facebook and Twitter users skewed negative, with some promising to never shop at Home Depot again.According to this black @HomeDepot employee, ""America was never great"" pic.twitter.com/AO9p39TJCk  Dr. White (@RealDoctorWhite) May 18, 2016Hey @HomeDepot you are OK with this?  What an insult to #Vets and ALL Americans #Vets4Trump #Trump2016 pic.twitter.com/BjM835m4rH  District fCriminals (@DistOfCriminals) May 18, 2016To be sure, Lake, 22, admits that wearing the  America Was Never Great  hat was her way of making a broader statement about U.S. history. The point of the hat was to say America needs changing and improvement,  Lake told the Staten Island Advance.  I don t think it s a positive message to say,  Let s look to the past. The lifelong New Yorker said she was surprised when she awoke Wednesday morning to see a tsunami of calls and texts messages from friends and co-workers asking if she had noticed the firestorm her hat had created. Everyone kept asking me if I was on Facebook or Twitter, which I hadn t been,  she said,  and then I saw how many people were sharing [the picture] and that it was going viral. I was honestly shocked   I didn t expect any of this to happen,  Lake added.Interestingly, Republican presidential candidate and New York real estate mogul Donald Trump won the April 19 primary contest in a landslide, securing over 80% support in Staten Island.For its part, Home Depot didn t waste time responding to critics on Twitter and Facebook. The Atlanta Georgia-based home improvement retailer called Lake s hat inappropriate.It is against Home Depot policy for employees to wear apparel that reflects political statements, company spokesman Stephen Holmes said.Via: Breitbart News",0
20550,BLACK LIVES MATTER ACTIVIST Obama Invited To White House Charged With PIMPING Teenage Girl…Blames Conservatives “Trolls”,"Just another upstanding citizen who s been invited to the White House by our Community Organizer In Chief Birds of a feather Who can forget when Obama s speech about  child safety  was interrupted by a rapper who was wearing an ankle bracelet for KIDNAPPING went off?And then there was the rapper Tef Poe, who met with Obama in  our White House to  strategize , who tweeted this threat:  Dear white people if Trump wins young niggas such as myself are fully hell bent on inciting riots everywhere we go A Black Lives Matter activist who operates a social justice charity was arrested last month on charges of sex trafficking a 17-year-old girl.Charles Wade co-founded Operation Help or Hush in the aftermath of the August 2014 police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo. The group claims it helps raise funds for the needy and provide food and shelter for activists.But according to a police report obtained by TheDC, the 33-year-old Wade was raising money in more explicit ways.He was arrested on April 25 at a motel where he resided in College Park, Md. Police say he was using the motel room to pimp a 17-year-old girl.He s charged with seven counts, including felonies for human trafficking. The charges carry sentences of up to 25 years in prison and a $15,000 fine. Wade posted $25,000 bond and left jail on April 27.Wade denied the allegations in an email to The Daily Caller. Formerly a stylist for Solange Knowles, the sister of Beyonce, Wade has been featured in numerous news articles about the Black Lives Matter movement. He was also invited by the White House earlier this week to a movie screening with other Black Lives Matter activists. Wade says he did not attend the function, which was on Tuesday.Last year, a team of Washington Post reporters, including Pulitzer Prize-winner Wesley Lowery, included Wade in a profile of Black Lives Matter activists who protested after the August 2014 shooting of Michael Brown by Ferguson, Mo. police officer Darren Wilson. According to the police report, an undercover officer with the vice intelligence unit responded to an ad on backpage.com, a website frequently used by sex traffickers and prostitutes. Holla at me. Quick stay specials tonight and tomorrow. Independent. Fun and sexy. Text me to set up an appointment???????  reads the ad, which listed the age of the poster as 23.The undercover detective contacted the poster to set up a meeting. The respondent informed him that the cost of services would be $100 for a half-hour and provided an address, which turned out to be a Howard Johnson Inn in College Park. A room number was also provided.When the undercover john arrived, a white female wearing only a towel answered the door and let him inside the room. After she attempted to initiate contact with the detective he informed her he was a police officer, and she ran out of the room. Members of the Vice Intelligence Unit described a male that was watching the Undercover Detective as he entered [room 412],  the report reads.Investigators reported that the teenager, who gave her age as 17, said that Wade was her  manager.  She called him  CJ. Wade, who used a passport to rent the Howard Johnson Inn room, was arrested and charged with sex trafficking. Police recovered three cell phones from him.The alleged victim told investigators that Wade knew she was a minor. She said that he told her he was not concerned about her age because  you only have 5 months left until you re 18 so I m not worried. She also told investigators that she provided all the money she was paid to Wade.In response to TheDC s request for comment, Wade claimed that a tenant at a temporary housing facility he was running as part of his charity  was involved in activities  that he did not know about. As this is a legal matter, I m not going into serious detail with you,  he said.He did claim, however, that he was unfairly arrested because he was  too trusting. Despite those claims, the police report suggests that there is evidence that Wade was the person who communicated with the undercover detective by text message.Wade issued a statement on Twitter after being contacted by TheDC in which he blamed conservative  trolls  for focusing on the case. He also said  I am confident that I will be cleared of the charges I am currently facing. I was forced to make this statement before I was ready to because of ongoing efforts by Twitter  trolls  to stop my work and the work of my organization,  he wrote. For the past two to three days,  trolls  have been actively baiting conservative news outlets to report on my arrest, amongst other vindictive things that they are actively working on. Wade also stated that the recent arrest is the second time he has been arrested after  helping someone else.  He did not provide details of the case, but a review of criminal databases shows he was charged with 3rd degree grand theft in Miami in January. Wade says he was not convicted in the case nor did he take a plea deal. Records show that the case was closed in February.Wade was also arrested in August 2014 in Travis County, Tex. and charged with making false statements.For entire story: Daily Caller ",0
20551,LEADING N. CAROLINA NEWSPAPER: Girls Need To Attempt “Overcoming Discomfort” At Sight Of “Male Genitalia” In Locker Rooms,"The Leftist agenda in action blurring the lines of sexuality, while stripping humanity of any sense of individuality or morality A leading North Carolina newspaper issued an editorial last week telling girls to attempt  overcoming discomfort  at the sight of  male genitalia,  should transgender bathroom laws be enacted.In a defense of President Obama s order compelling schools to allow access to restrooms on the basis of gender identity, the Charlotte Observer editorial board compared the discomfort of school-aged girls seeing male genitalia in locker rooms to the discomfort of white people being around black people in post-segregation America. This is what the Obama administration nudged the rest of the country toward Friday,  the editorial said.  Yes, the thought of male genitalia in girls  locker rooms   and vice versa   might be distressing to some. But the battle for equality has always been in part about overcoming discomfort   with blacks sharing facilities, with gays sharing marriage   then realizing it was not nearly so awful as some people imagined. While admitting that exposure to male genitalia is a possible outcome of transgender bathroom laws, the editorial said the notion that such laws constitute a threat to the privacy and safety of women and children is a  political fiction  pushed by Republicans. Those safety issues are political fiction   non-transgender men wouldn t have been allowed in women s bathrooms under the Charlotte ordinance that HB 2 killed, and the 200 or so cities with similar ordinances have had no incidents involving bathroom predators,  the editorial said.  Via: Washington Times",0
20552,WATCH: FOX Host DESTROY Race Enthusiast Juan Williams After He Attempts To Race Shame Her…,"Watch Juan Williams make several attempts to shame Fox Five host, Kimberly Guilfoyle for speaking out against Obama s Black Lives Matter race war in America. Once he realizes he s losing the argument, he attempts to berate her, telling her she is  uncomfortable  about being a racist. His horrible accusation is followed up brilliantly when Guilfoyle responds by asking,  Why would I be uncomfortable about it [racism] as a Puerto Rican woman? A heated exchange on the subject of identity politics took place on The Five between, Kim Guilfoyle accused co-host Juan Williams of  becoming infamous and also ridiculous because you put words in people s mouths. Guilfoyle, praising a commencement speech by Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, said,  I like his emphasis on faith and belief. Because in my personal opinion, the past eight years, we have seen under the Obama administration, they have used class warfare and race and envy to divide the nation. They have, and communities when you see Ferguson and other places Oh, I see. President Obama did Ferguson?  Williams interjected.https://youtu.be/3bRrDyacnP0 Their exchange continued:KG: I didn t say that, Juan. And you re really become infamous and also ridiculous because you JW: Because that was a ridiculous statement.KG: You put words in people s mouth and you paraphrase JW: I didn t say  You said  President Obama, Ferguson .KG: I didn t say that. I said the administration.JW: OkayKG: And it s true. Under Eric Holder and the Injustice Department.JW: Whoo.KG: This is part and parcel for what happened across this country. We did not come closer together as a country. We became more divided. And there was more loss of life and destruction of property from that race and identity politicsJW: I see, because people speak out against injustice, you don t like it and it makes you uncomfortable.KG: Well, it s   no it doesn t make me uncomfortable.JW: You have to deal with reality.KG: No. I do deal with reality. The bottom line is they fostered an environment that was violence and that was not something that brought people together. Instead of using the opportunity as president to bring people together and blur race and gender lines   it was more about divisiveness  JW: Oh, I see you want to blur race and gender when it makes you uncomfortable, KimberlyKG: I m not uncomfortable by it at all. I m not uncomfortable by it at all.JW: People in this country who have to live with police aggression KG: Why would I be uncomfortable with that as a Puerto Rican woman? The only way to blur race and gender is with alcohol!  Greg Gutfeld burst in, bringing the heated exchange to a landing.  Everybody just go out and get drunk. Via: Mediatate YouTube",0
20553,SPEAK ENGLISH…You’re In America! Owner Of Popular Frozen Custard Shop Defends His Policy [VIDEO],"Forcing employees in a mostly Hispanic area of a very liberal city to speak English seems like a bit of a risk. It appears however, that Mr. Schneider is unconcerned about the spotlight on his English only policy and is standing firm on his convictions.  It s going to get disruptive if we have to become bilingual, trilingual or anything else.    Ron Schneider, Leon s Frozen Custard ownerMILWAUKEE   Leon s Frozen Custard has an English-only policy   a policy some are questioning, and others are applauding.Ron Schneider, the owner of Leon s, says there s nothing wrong with his policy, and that it doesn t appear to be hurting his business.Leon s is located near 27th and Oklahoma on Milwaukee s south side.Leon s Frozen Custard is a Milwaukee institution   but the custard isn t good enough for everyone to overlook the controversial policy. Most people that live here are Latino,  Jorge Maya said.  I don t think I m going to be back anytime soon. This all started on Tuesday, May 17th, when Joey Sanchez overheard one of Leon s employees interacting with a Spanish-speaking customer. She whispered to him in Spanish  I m not allowed to speak Spanish to you,'  Sanchez said.Sanchez was next in line. He also placed his order in Spanish. The employee gave him the same response. I m trying to understand or find the why. I need to hear from him, to hear why he has this policy,  Sanchez said.Schneider told WITI his employees can only speak English on the job. Hey, c mon! It is America. We ve spoken English for a long, long time,  Schneider said.Schneider says the policy has been in place for a decade, and it has never been an issue. Any foreign language is going to be a problem. What I m trying to avoid is when people come up here, get waited on in a different language because there happens to be an employee who speaks that language,  Schneider said.Sanchez said he feels Leon s policy is just bad business. If they have the people who can speak Spanish and communicate with the customer better, why not?  Sanchez said.Other customers said they side with Schneider. We do live in America, you know?  Ryan Schmidt said.Schneider, who points out that his wife is Hispanic, says no customer has ever been turned away at Leon s. Via: FOX 2 Now",0
20554,A YOUNG FATHER EXPLAINS SOCIALISM To His 10 Year Old Son…A MUST Read For Every American,"The discussion Bret Stephens had with his 10 year old son, is one every parent should be having with the very generation who has the most to lose if socialism really is implemented in America. As parents, we re asked countless times by our children to explain ghosts, scary shadows on the walls, or some other imagined childhood fear. How many times however, do our children ask us to explain something that every American should truly fear? How many times do we have the opportunity to explain the reality of Socialism to our children?  We Applaud Bret Stephens of the Wall Street Journal for the brilliant way he explained Socialism to his son. We thank him for sharing it with his readers.Noah, my 10-year-old son, was reading over my shoulder a powerful story about the state of medicine in Venezuela by Nick Casey in Sunday s New York Times. We scrolled through images of filthy operating rooms, broken incubators and desperate patients lying in pools of blood, dying for lack of such basics as antibiotics. Dad, why are the hospitals like this? Socialism. What s socialism? I told him it s an economic system in which the government seizes and runs industries, sets prices for goods, and otherwise dictates what you can and cannot do with your money, and therefore your life. He received my answer with the abstracted interest you d expect if I had been describing atmospheric conditions on Uranus.Here s what I wish I had said: Socialism is a mental poison that leads to human misery of the sort you see in these wrenching pictures.The lesson seems all the more necessary when discredited ideologies are finding new champions in high places. When Venezuelan President Hugo Ch vez died in 2013, an obscure U.K. parliamentarian tweeted,  Thanks Hugo Chavez for showing that the poor matter and wealth can be shared. He made massive contributions to Venezuela & a very wide world. The parliamentarian was Jeremy Corbyn, now leader of the Labour Party.Up north, Naomi Klein, Canada s second-most unpleasant export, treated Ch vez as heroically leading the resistance to the forces of dreaded neoliberalism. Jimmy Carter mourned Ch vez for  his bold assertion of autonomy and independence for Latin American governments and for his formidable communication skills and personal connection with supporters in his country and abroad to whom he gave hope and empowerment. There are lesser names to add to this roll call of dishonor  Michael Moore, Sean Penn but you get the point:  Democratic socialism  had no shortage of prominent Western cheerleaders as it set Venezuela on its road to hyperinflation, hyper-criminality, water shortages, beer shortages, electricity blackouts, political repression and national collapse. Ch vez and his successor, Nicol s Maduro, gained prestige and legitimacy from these paladins of the left. They are complicit in Venezuela s agony.And so to the U.S. election, specifically the resolutely undead presidential candidacy of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. The Sanders campaign is no stranger to accusations that its brand of leftism is cut from the same cloth that produced Chavismo. Yesterday, one of Hillary Clinton s most prominent Super PACs attacked our campaign pretty viciously,  Mr. Sanders complained in September, noting that they  tried to link me to a dead communist dictator. The senator protests too much. As mayor of Burlington, Vt., in the 1980s, he boasted of conducting his own foreign policy, including sister-city relations with Puerto Cabezas in Nicaragua and Yaroslavl in the Soviet Union. On a 1985 trip to Nicaragua, he lavished praise on Daniel Ortega s communist regime Chavismo s older cousin. In terms of health care, in terms of education, in terms of land reform . . . nobody denies they [the Sandinistas] are making significant progress in those areas,  then-Mayor Sanders told one interviewer in 1985.  And I think people understand that and I think the people of Nicaragua, the poor people, respect that. If Mr. Sanders ever rethought or recanted those views, I m not aware of it.But the point isn t what Mr. Sanders may have thought of the Sandinistas in the 1980s or the Chavistas in the past decade. It s that the type of socialism that the senator espouses $18 trillion in additional government spending over the next decade, accusations that Wall Street is a criminal enterprise and the continuous demonization of  millionaires and billionaires is not all that different from its South American cousins.Democratic socialism whether Chavez s or Sanders s is legalized theft in the name of the people against the vilified few. It is a battle against income inequality by means of collective immiseration. It is the subjugation of private enterprise and personal autonomy to government power. Mr. Sanders promises to pursue his aims on the Scandinavian model, as if that was a success, and as if Americans are Scandinavians. It wasn t. We aren t. Bernie s Way paves the same road to serfdom that socialism does everywhere.That s a fact Americans might have learned after the Berlin Wall fell in 1989. We didn t. Take the time to tell your kids what socialism is, and does, before they too feel the Bern.Via: Wall Street Journal",0
20555,MOTHER OF 12 GOES ON RANT IN TARGET STORE: “Mothers…Get your children out of this store!” [Viral VIDEO],"Perhaps a few random flash mobs protesting Target s decision to put the feelings of .01% of our population before the safety of our women and children are in order?Video showing a woman protesting the bathroom policy at Target has gone viral. A video posted on YouTube shows the woman, who says she s a mother of 12, carrying a Bible through the store and yelling,  America, when are you going to wake up? It s time to take a stand and have a voice.  She calls the store s bathroom policy a  wicked practice  and says she wouldn t spend a penny there.You can see other people with her in the video, which lasts less than two minutes, and then shows them walking out.https://youtu.be/TCIYsXhR1D0Target has said that in its stores, transgender people are free to use whichever restroom they feel comfortable with. Via: Fox 8",0
20556,CLINTON PAL AND FORMER GOVERNOR: Ugly Women Won’t Vote For Trump…“There are probably more ugly women in America than attractive women”,"The Democrat s war on mostly  ugly women Former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell believes that Donald Trump will ultimately lose the support of women because of his past comments, arguing that there are  more ugly women  in the United States than attractive women.Rendell, a former two-term governor in the Keystone State, made the remarks to the Washington Post in a piece on Trump s attempt to make inroads with suburban voters, particularly in the Philadelphia suburbs. He told the Post s Dave Weigel that for every woman he wins, he ll lose 1 1/2 or two GOP women voters. Will he have some appeal to working-class Dems in Levittown or Bristol? Sure,  Rendell told the Post.  For every one he ll lose 1 1/2 , two Republican women. Trump s comments like  You can t be a 10 if you re flat-chested,  that ll come back to haunt him. There are probably more ugly women in America than attractive women,  Rendell added.  People take that stuff personally. Wendell, also a former Democratic National Committee chairman, has long been a top surrogate for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, having supported her in her 2008 bid for the White House. Via: Washington Examiner",0
20557,TWO RICH WHITE GUYS Who Made A Fortune Selling Ice Cream To Rich People Introduce NEW FLAVOR To Highlight BLACK VOTER SUPPRESSION,"Two white guys living in a state where 96% of its residents are white, and who have become extremely wealthy by selling ice cream to the rich, want everyone to know how much they support diversity by marketing over-priced ice cream with diverse labels to more rich people Ben & Jerry s announced Tuesday that proceeds from its newest flavor of ice cream,  Empower Mint,  will help benefit the North Carolina NAACP s campaign to repeal the state s voter ID law. Ben Cohen, Jerry Greenfield and North Carolina NAACP President Rev. William Barber kicked off a voter registration drive at North Carolina Central University in Durham on Tuesday to help marshal support against a new North Carolina law requiring voters to present a photo ID before they vote.Proceeds from the sale of the new flavor will also go toward the organization s effort to get  big money donations from corporations and wealthy elites  out of politics. This flavor will benefit the North Carolina NAACP, an organization dedicated to ensuring the political, educational, social and economic equality of rights of all persons and eliminating racial hatred and discrimination,  the ice cream company wrote in a statement on its website. It just felt really good to be working with all these people here in North Carolina, who ve been struggling to get back their right to vote for them and other people of color,  said Ben Cohen.Campaigning against voter suppression is  not something we get to do in Vermont, because they re so white,  he added, chuckling. This flavor,  Jerry Greenfield said,  helps us connect with Ben & Jerry s fans  as we  work nationally on trying to help reauthorize the voting rights act. Right now we have a government that represents rich white people,  Cohen added.  That s not what s it s about. We ve got to overturn these laws. Ben & Jerry s Ice Cream was founded in 1978. Cohen and Greenfield sold the company they co-founded to British-Dutch corporation Unilever for $326 million in 2000. Via: Breitbart News",0
20558,“FLUSH TARGET” Truck Will Travel To Every Store In MN Delivering A Serious Message: “I don’t feel safe at Target…” [VIDEO],"This highly visible campaign has nothing to do with being anti-gay this is about the safety of women and children and about Target looking the other way According to a CBS Minnesota report, an anti-Target campaign is working to send Target a strong message after the corporation doubled down on its policy to continue allowing patrons to use the bathroom of their self-identified gender.Opponents of Target s bathroom policy unveiled a truck with a young girl standing at a bathroom stall in front of a man staring at her with the message  What about her rights to privacy & protection? Send Target a message   don t shop where women and children s emotional and physical safety and privacy are under assault,  Minnesota chair of the Child League Julie Quist said.The truck is set to visit every Target store in Minnesota with the hope of reversing the policy.Claire Chretien, an organizer of the campaign, said,  I don t feel safe knowing that at Target a six-foot, five-inch, 250-pound man can follow me into a bathroom and store won t do anything about it. Target CEO Brian Cornell likened the policy to when Target included African-American models in advertising in the 1960s, noting its  long history of embracing diversity and inclusion. Via: Breitbart News",0
20559,SEX ROULETTE PARTIES On The Rise…One Person Is Secretly HIV…Entertained By “Thrill” Of Not Knowing [VIDEO],"Culture rot The health professionals who will be forced to care for them will be really impressed when they find out how these sub-humans contracted HIV Sex roulette parties where one person is secretly HIV positive and nobody is allowed to use condoms are on the rise, warn doctors. The parties are usually attended by gay men, who are entertained by the  thrill  of not knowing whether they will be infected or not. Spanish doctors have noted a rise in the parties where attendees often take anti-viral drugs to reduce the risk of transmission.Dr Josep Mallolas of Hospital Clinic Barcelona said that the parties are a sign that people have  lost respect  for HIV, reports el Periodico. There is everything: sex roulette parties, or sex parties you can only attend if you already have HIV,  he told the outlet.He added that some of the parties are known as  blue  parties because attendees take anti-viral medication to cut the risk of transmitting the virus.Psychosexual therapist Kate Morley told HelloU:  Going to sex roulette parties is about the risk, partygoers think the higher the risk, the stronger the thrill. Via: Daily Mail ",0
20560,"How TYSON FOODS Is DESTROYING Small Towns…Forcing Taxpayers To Pick Up Housing, Healthcare Costs For Muslim Refugees","This is a story you won t likely find anywhere else, as both political parties seem to be okay with the import of low wage workers from foreign countries. Meanwhile, we have millions of American citizens who have given up any hope of finding a job, and many more who are being paid more by our government to stay home. LEXINGTON, Neb.   The old Longhorn Laundry is an unlikely place for a showdown over the First Amendment.You could easily miss the nondescript concrete building on a quiet downtown corner of this old cow town.But ever since a group of Somali workers from the local meatpacking plant spread out a sea of Persian rugs in the expansive former laundry and began holding Muslim prayer services five times a day, there has been controversy.City officials maintain that mosque leaders are ignoring local zoning laws and thumbing their noses at requirements for building permits and fire-code inspections.They insist that the flap is about a lack of parking, not a denial of religious freedom, and that it wasn t spurred by  Islamophobia. The attraction is employment at Tyson Foods:African Muslims, mostly from war-torn Somalia, started arriving in the mid-2000s. Census estimates put the number of Somalis in Lexington at 769 in 2014   a 40 percent increase from 2000. Local Somalis and those who work with them say there actually may be 1,500 or more living in the community.Across Nebraska, census estimates show 2,100 Somali-born residents clustered in Omaha and Lincoln, and near meatpacking plants in Grand Island and Madison, as well as Lexington.Since Obama was elected, Nebraska has  welcomed  6,716 refugees and the numbers have been increasing each of those years.Most of the refugees (seeded in Nebraska by federal  church  contractors) are Burmese or Iraqis, but of course Somalis have been resettled as well. (There are small numbers of Muslim Burmese and the largest group of Iraqis we admit to the US are Muslims. Somalis are virtually all Muslim.)For centuries, immigrants in search of a better life have been drawn to America s largest cities. Now, in part because of the meatpacking industry, recent immigrants have been seeking out small, rural towns. But many of these towns are struggling to provide the social services needed by such a diverse population that s largely invisible to most Americans.Noel, Mo is one of those small towns in America affected by the huge influx of mostly Somalian Muslim immigrants.Noel, Mo., has been dubbed the  Christmas City  and  Canoe Capital of the Ozarks  thanks to the Elk River, which winds through town. But this Missouri town of fewer than 2,000 residents thrives because of the Tyson Foods Inc. chicken processing complex located here it alone employs about 1,600 people. Just 20 years ago, Noel had only about half as many residents, and most of them were white. Then in the 1990s, Hispanics most of them Mexican moved to Noel to process chicken. Pacific Islanders and refugees from parts of Myanmar and Africa followed. We do have small towns that have had 100 to 200 percent growth that have really changed overnight over the past 20 years and have a much larger immigrant population than they used to,  says Lisa Dorner, a University of Missouri education professor who has done extensive research on immigrant children growing up in small towns and suburbs. Dorner thinks such major demographic changes don t always sit well with local residents.How on earth our federal CHURCH contractors can be aiding and abetting this travesty continues to be beyond my understanding.From Progressives for Immigration Reform (emphasis RRW):In her NPR news story, In A Small Missouri Town, Immigrants Turn To Schools For Help, writer Abbie Fentress Swanson chronicles the plight of newly arrived immigrants to the small, rural town of Noel, Missouri. It seems that longtime residents there are not dealing well with sudden demographic changes. Consequently, immigrants from Mexico, Myanmar, Ethiopia, Somalia, Kenya, and the Pinglap region of Micronesia are among those feeling unwelcome and isolated in this formerly white community, which saw its population double to 2,000 in just two decades.Many of these immigrants are so poor they cannot afford housing or healthcare. Their children often lack shoes and clothes. As Swanson notes, about 90% of the community s children would go hungry most of the school day, if they didn t qualify for free or low-cost meals. With such an influx of people, Noel has not been able to keep up with providing social services. There is a long wait list for units from the local housing authority, and building more housing would strain the town s sewer system, already at 80% capacity.Immigrants are attracted to Noel by jobs at the chicken processing plant of Tyson Foods, which employs 1,600 people. The starting wage is a paltry $9.05 per hour, which comes to $362 a week before taxes for an eight-hour, five-day week. Despite health and injury risks to workers in this industry, Swanson calls this a  decent  wage and declines to hold Tyson culpable for perpetuating widespread misery in the cash-strapped town.The nation s largest U.S. meat processor by sales can easily afford to pay its employees in Noel a living wage, but prefers to have the community subsidize the resulting human wreckage. After all, profit is the overriding goal, even if it must be achieved by driving wages so low that most American citizens no longer can afford to work at its processing plants. No matter   the continuous stream of cheap, compliant foreign labor will do just fine. The results are compelling .The Mayor of Noel, MO, John Lafley says Tyson Foods is pushing the town to allow for more housing development, but he s concerned that Noel s infrastructure can t handle more units.The schools system (66% minority children!) has become the de facto social services department trying to stem poverty in the immigrant households.The mayor says there s no money in the budget either to provide the social services needed in this small, remote town, which sits not far from the Missouri-Kansas-Arkansas-Oklahoma borders. For rural Missouri, Tyson plant jobs pay decent wages that start at $9.05 an hour. Still, poverty looms large here. About 90 percent of Noel school students qualify for free or reduced-cost meals. The number of homeless children has doubled in the past five years. Because the nearest food pantry and free clinic are miles away, many plant workers turn to their children s schools for help.Tyson Foods wants the town to build more housing, but the town can t afford the infrastructure costs.Affordable housing is also a problem here in Noel. There s a long waiting list for open units at the local housing authority. You cannot rent a house right now. If you look, try to find a house, you can t,  says Faisal Ali Ahmed, a Somali refugee who works the night shift at the Tyson plant as a forklift driver.  It s a very difficult life. If they shut down this company now, nobody stay in this bush.John Lafley, the mayor of Noel, says longtime residents need to be sensitized to immigrants  needs, and immigrants need to try to fit in. We re trying to assimilate people that don t understand the American way. And they want to keep their own ways, which is not that popular,  Lafley says.Lafley says Tyson Foods is pushing the town to allow for more housing development, but he s concerned that Noel s infrastructure can t handle more units.The schools system (66% minority children!) has become the de facto social services department trying to stem poverty in the immigrant households.The mayor says there s no money in the budget either to provide the social services needed in this small, remote town, which sits not far from the Missouri-Kansas-Arkansas-Oklahoma borders. For rural Missouri, Tyson plant jobs pay decent wages that start at $9.05 an hour. Still, poverty looms large here. About 90 percent of Noel school students qualify for free or reduced-cost meals. The number of homeless children has doubled in the past five years. Because the nearest food pantry and free clinic are miles away, many plant workers turn to their children s schools for help.Read about the profits Tyson Foods is making. Then this:Assimilation is not the real problem facing Noel, Missouri nor is it street-level bickering about matters of race, religion and values. The larger issue is what to do about rogue corporations that run roughshod over small communities in pursuit of profit, little of which is invested locally. Of greater concern is that our government wants to overload the job market even more through mass immigration policies, which will lay waste to many more small communities throughout America.And, what do you do about federal contractors for the US State Department wearing the white hat of do-gooderism while helping Tyson Foods make the profit!For entire story: Refugee Resettlement Watch",0
20561,"PUTIN Threatens To Release 20,000 “Top Secret” Emails From Hillary…Why Judge Napolitano Says This Is Very Bad News For Hillary [VIDEO]","Putin may be the one person Obama has absolutely no influence over. With Obama unable to use his Chicago thug-like political tactics on Putin, could this finally be the end of Hillary Clinton s career in politics? Hillary Clinton sits at the center of a raging firestorm concerning her arrangement of a private email account and server set up in her home   from which top secret information may have been deleted. But despite Bernie Sanders  apparent annoyance with the  damn emails,  the scandal just exponentially intensified, when Judge Andrew Napolitano revealed on Monday that Russia has possession of around 20,000 of Clinton s emails   leaving open the possibility her deletions might not have been permanent after all. There s a debate going on in the Kremlin between the Foreign Ministry and the Intelligence Services about whether they should release the 20,000 of Mrs. Clinton s emails that they have hacked into,  Napolitano told Fox News  Megyn Kelly in an interview for The Kelly File.https://youtu.be/oounggTI-jkWith Clinton s repeated claims she employed the personal email server only for mundane communications and non-sensitive State matters having been proven outright lies, the deletions of 31,830 emails   in the new context of Napolitano s statement   have suddenly become remarkably relevant.As the FBI investigation of Hillary Clinton s questionable email practices deepens, the question of who had access to what information previously located on the former secretary of state s server is now more critical than ever.One such individual, Romanian hacker Guccifer, who was abruptly extradited to the United States, revealed he had easily and repeatedly accessed Clinton s personal server   and he wasn t the only one. For me, it was easy,  the hacker, whose given name is Marcel Lehel Lazar, exclusively told Fox News;  easy for me, for everybody. If Guccifer and Napolitano are right, Russia may, indeed, have possession of highly-sensitive information courtesy of Clinton s arrogant failure to adhere to the obligation to use a government email account during her tenure as secretary   a situation worsened by the now-mendacious claim no sensitive information had been sent through the personal account.In fact, if Guccifer is to be believed   as his extradition by the U.S. indicates   news of the Kremlin having obtained potentially top-secret material may be the tip of a gargantuan iceberg. Using a readily available program, the Romanian hacker also claimed he observed  up to 10, like, IPs from other parts of the world  during sessions on Clinton s personal server. If just one of those unknown parties was connected to Russia, who the other nine might be could be central to the FBI s decision whether or not to charge Clinton for mishandling classified information.Adding yet another nail in the coffin case against Hillary on Thursday, the Hill reported conservative watchdog Judicial Watch revealed, pursuant to a Freedom of Information Act request, frustration with technical difficulties in obtaining a secure phone line led the secretary to direct a top aide to abandon the effort and call her without the necessary security in place. I give up. Call me on my home [number],  Clinton wrote in a February 2009 email from the newly-released batch   on the also notoriously unsecured server   to then-chief of staff, Cheryl Mills.Via: Zero Hedge",0
20562,AMERICA’S WORST FEAR: How Our Punishing President Will Harm America In His Final Months If Trump Wins,"This nightmare could have all been prevented if America was able to look past their unwarranted white guilt  for one second, and realize they were electing a second rate community agitator, with sealed records and a questionable birth certificate If Donald Trump wins the Republican nomination and defeats likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in November, President Obama will sabotage the economy in his final months in office, predicts talk-radio host Michael Savage. If Trump wins   and I think he will   there will be an economic crash,  Savage told listeners of his nationally syndicated show,  The Savage Nation,  Monday. The reason I say that is not because of his policies, but because of what Obama will do on the way out the door. Savage said that if anyone thinks that a President Trump will be able to easily  turn this huge ship around, you don t know much about navigation in turbulent waters. Wait until you see what happens in the last few months if Trump wins,  Savage said. Wait until you see what that nice guy in the White House does. (Federal Reserve Chairman Janet) Yellen ups interest rates, Obama and his band of unmerry pranksters   Sharpton and company  unleash the mobs,  Savage said.  (George) Soros makes a last-ditch effort to distract Trump and the new Justice Department from currency manipulation and other financial games he may have been playing. Spends tens of millions on social agitation. Obama floods the U.S. with Central Americans, Syrians and Africans, mainly Muslim, mainly young males, and grants pardons to 10,000 more Central American drug dealers,  Savage continued. Let s see what else might these decent Americans do? Release a few more billion pork barrel  green  projects? You can guess! Prior to his remarks about Obama s final days in office, Savage told his listeners he believed Trump would defeat Clinton in a landslide, describing the former secretary of state, senator and first lady as  Fidel Castro in a dress. Savage cited the new Rasmussen poll of likely voters showing Trump with a 41-39 lead over Clinton nationally. And this is only an early poll,  Savage noted on his show Monday.  I said a long time ago that when it comes down to Trump vs. Clinton, he would win by a landslide, 60-40, 59-41, something like that. No matter how many illegal aliens Obama tried to flood into this country, Trump will win by a landslide,  he said.In February, Savage warned that the banking deregulation under the Bill Clinton administration that led to the 2008 recession appears to be on the verge of impacting the economy again. We re being set up for an economic meltdown similar to the one that triggered the Great Depression,  he said.This time, however, Savage continued,  it s going to occur on a global scale, and it s unlikely that we ll be able to recover within even the next several decades, once it happens. For entire story: WND ",0
20563,WATCH: LESBIAN HOST ELLEN DEGENERES Asks Singer Christina Aguilera About Picture Of Hillary Staring At Her “Girls”,"What would Ellen s motive be for addressing Hillary s strange public affection for Aguilera s bosoms, other than to endear her to the lesbian viewers? Of course, this calls into question yet again, Hillary s politically motivated, sham of a marriage to Bill. Look, we couldn t care less if Hillary is a lesbian. It s just another lie she s been living, on top of a million other lies. If it s true, (and there sure is a lot of evidence, as well as insiders who have come forward to say it is) America should question her political motivation for keeping it a secret for so many years, given she has become such a vocal advocate of gay rights over the past 8 years.  It just goes to her rotten, lying character. Ellen didn t seem to suffer any ill effects by being honest with her fans, and she can certainly live with a clear conscience .something Hillary will never be able to do. Cough cough #Benghazi!Ellen: There s a picture of you was it you staring at Hillary or you staring at Hillary? Christina: She was staring at my bosoms. Ellen: I know you just had a fundraiser for her at your house. Christina:  I did, I did.   She s amazing. Ellen:  That s fantastic. Leaving many of Ellen s viewers wondering,  Why is that  fantastic' ?",0
20564,WATCH: FORMER TRUMP GIRLFRIEND Sets The Record Straight After NYT’s TWISTS Her Remarks To Make Trump Appear Disrespectful To Women,"It s interesting how much vitriol some women harbor for successful men who date beautiful women, as though it s somehow evil  and mysoginist to date beautiful women. If Trump only dated unattractive women would that somehow make him a better candidate? One of the women quoted in a New York Times article headlined  Crossing the Line: How Donald Trump Behaved With Women in Private  is pushing back Monday and saying that she was taken out of context and Trump never made her feel uncomfortable.The piece   which was published Saturday   begins with the line  Donald J. Trump had barely met Rowanne Brewer Lane when he asked her to change out of her clothes. It then continues with a scene illustrated by Brewer Lane about a 1990 pool party at Trump s Florida beach club. He suddenly took me by the hand, and he started to show me around the mansion. He asked me if I had a swimsuit with me. I said no. I hadn t intended to swim. He took me into a room and opened drawers and asked me to put on a swimsuit. But Brewer Lane disputed the way she is portrayed Monday in an interview with Fox & Friends. The New York Times told us several times that they would make sure my story that I was telling came across, they promised several times that they would do it accurately, they told me several times and my manager several times that it would not be a hit piece and that my story would come across the way that I was telling it and honestly and it absolutely was not,  Brewer Lane said.  They did take quotes from what I said and they put a negative connotation on it. They spun it to where it appeared negative. I did not have a negative experience with Donald Trump. Brewer Lane dated Trump and said that the presumptive Republican nominee  never made me feel like I was being demeaned in any way, he never offended me in any way. WATCH HERE:  Obviously they feel like they need to do something to make him look bad or go along with their article,  Brewer Lane said. Why do you think the left   the mainstream media   is so obsessed with just creating this headline about how Donald Trump treats women?  host Ainsley Earhardt asked. I don t know. I think that they re just reaching for straws,  Brewer Lane said, adding that her manager has reached out to the reporter to say they would be telling her side of the story. Via: USA TodayHere is Trump s reply to the New York Times  hit piece :Everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 15, 2016Trump also replied to Brewer on Twitter, thanking her for letting the public know the truth, and about how the NYT s twisted her:That was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends   I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 16, 2016 ",0
20565,LOL! UN Refugee Spokes-Celebrity ANGELINA JOLIE Admonishes U.S. For “Undermining International Law” By Resisting Flow Of Muslim Refugees,"Great advice from a woman who has 24-7 security and lives in an imaginary world. Her life and the life of her children will likely never be affected by a  rapefugee  or terrorist who is greeted with open arms by naive leftists Angelina Jolie Pitt, the UN refugee agency s special envoy, has warned that the international humanitarian system for refugees is breaking down.Ms Jolie Pitt has been speaking as part of the BBC s World on the Move day of coverage of global migration issues.She warned against a  fear of migration  and a  race to the bottom  as countries competed to be the toughest to protect themselves.Earlier, the UNHCR s head said the refugee crisis was now a global issue.UN High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi told the BBC that simply turning migrants away  won t work .She warned that amid a  fear of uncontrolled migration  there was a  risk of a race to the bottom, with countries competing to be the toughest, in the hope of protecting themselves whatever the cost or challenge to their neighbours, and despite their international responsibilities .Isolationism was not the answer, she said, adding:  If your neighbor s house is on fire you are not safe if you lock your doors. Strength lies in being unafraid. Such policies would lead to an even greater set of problems, she said. It would amount to the worst of both worlds: failing to tackle the issue and undermining international law and our values in the process. Urging the world to rally together, she said:  Whether we succeed will help define this century  the alternative is chaos. Click here for entire story and video : BBC",0
20566,SINS OF SOCIALISM…Doctors Pumping Air Into Infants Lungs By Hand…No Antibiotics…Children Die In Filthy Venezuelan Hospitals,"Only the strongest will survive in the dog-eat-dog world of Socialism. This is the result of a society that believed the government is more capable of running their lives than they are. This is Bernie s world. This is the reality of the utopia Bernie has been promising his supporters. These are the same policies Hillary is promising she ll support if she s able to escape federal prosecution before the election. By morning, three newborns were already dead.The day had begun with the usual hazards: chronic shortages of antibiotics, intravenous solutions, even food. Then a blackout swept over the city, shutting down the respirators in the maternity ward.Doctors kept ailing infants alive by pumping air into their lungs by hand for hours. By nightfall, four more newborns had died. The death of a baby is our daily bread,  said Dr. Osleidy Camejo, a surgeon in the nation s capital, Caracas, referring to the toll from Venezuela s collapsing hospitals.The economic crisis in this country has exploded into a public health emergency, claiming the lives of untold numbers of Venezuelans. It is just part of a larger unraveling here that has become so severe it has prompted President Nicol s Maduro to impose a state of emergency and has raised fears of a government collapse.Hospital wards have become crucibles where the forces tearing Venezuela apart have converged. Gloves and soap have vanished from some hospitals. Often, cancer medicines are found only on the black market. There is so little electricity that the government works only two days a week to save what energy is left.At the University of the Andes Hospital in the mountain city of M rida, there was not enough water to wash blood from the operating table. Doctors preparing for surgery cleaned their hands with bottles of seltzer water. It is like something from the 19th century,  said Dr. Christian Pino, a surgeon at the hospital.The figures are devastating. The rate of death among babies under a month old increased more than a hundredfold in public hospitals run by the Health Ministry, to just over 2 percent in 2015 from 0.02 percent in 2012, according to a government report provided by lawmakers.The rate of death among new mothers in those hospitals increased by almost five times in the same period, according to the report.This nation has the largest oil reserves in the world, yet the government saved little money for hard times when oil prices were high. Now that prices have collapsed   they are around a third what they were in 2014   the consequences are casting a destructive shadow across the country. Lines for food, long a feature of life in Venezuela, now erupt into looting. The bol var, the country s currency, is nearly worthless.The crisis is aggravated by a political feud between Venezuela s leftists, who control the presidency, and their rivals in congress. The president s opponents declared a humanitarian crisis in January, and this month passed a law that would allow Venezuela to accept international aid to prop up the health care system. This is criminal that we can sit in a country with this much oil, and people are dying for lack of antibiotics,  says Oneida Guaipe, a lawmaker and former hospital union leader.But Mr. Maduro, who succeeded Hugo Ch vez, went on television and rejected the effort, describing the move as a bid to undermine him and privatize the hospital system. I doubt that anywhere in the world, except in Cuba, there exists a better health system than this one,  Mr. Maduro said.For entire story: NYT sMuch like the drooling college students who are turning out by the tens of thousands to  Bernie Sanders rally s in the United States, the citizens of Venezuela elected the controversial Nicolas Maduro as their president, and now they are paying a very heavy price.  BBC  While he lacks the magnetism followers of Mr Chavez attributed to the late president, he is a commanding figure in Venezuela, and not just because of his stature of (6ft 3in).Derided as a poor copy of his mentor, Mr Maduro has not been ousted by the opposition or by rivals in his own party, as some had predicted when he was elected in April 2013.However, he has failed to win over the opposition after sticking very closely to the fiery rhetoric of Mr Chavez.Tough stance His government s tough approach to mass anti-government protests in the first half of 2014 and the jailing of thousands of demonstrators prompted criticism from human rights groups and sanctions from the United States.His opponents paint him as a ruthless despot who detains his political rivals on overly harsh charges pressed by a judiciary under his party s control, while his followers say he is protecting the country from another coup.But with oil prices plummeting below $50 ( 33) a barrel, Mr Maduro s approval rating has been falling, too.Venezuela s economy is almost entirely reliant on its oil exports and the president is facing a severe economic crisis as well as a hostile opposition.And with financing for the government s generous social programs in jeopardy, some are questioning how committed those who voted for Mr Maduro really are to the socialist cause and their leader. ",0
20567,"CITY OF CHICAGO Forcing Out Homeless Veterans Group To Make Space For Restaurants, Shops Around New “Obama Presidential Center”","There is no reason to believe the welfare of our veterans would be a priority for Obama after he leaves office, considering they were never a priority for the 8 years he occupied the White House.A charity group that helps homeless military veterans on Chicago s South Side says the city is trying to take control of the meager facility to make way for the restaurants, shops and other commercial venues that would complement the proposed Obama presidential library and museum.Group leaders said the RTW Veterans Center is the last privately-owned property on a stretch of S. King Boulevard near the proposed Washington Park site for the Barack Obama Presidential Center and that city building inspectors unexpectedly arrived last April to find an overwhelming 32 code violations at the facility. We don t appreciate being muscled out and put in the situation of having to negotiate from a position of despair,  facility center Director Jah Ranu Menab told FoxNews.com on Saturday.Menab thinks the University of Chicago, which is working with the Obama Foundation to bring the presidential center to the South Side, is also part of an apparent effort to ultimately force the facility into receivership.The fate of the veterans  facility   which officials say serves more than 3,000 meals monthly   may well be decided Tuesday, when officials return to Cook County Circuit Court for a hearing on the efforts to fix the building s problems.Menab admits that the facility is in disrepair, with some violations related to a fire hazard, rats  nests and raw sewage flowing onto the basement floor.However, he says the situation, which includes fines of $16,000 daily, looks like an attempted  land grab  and that the prestigious university, where Obama was a law professor,  exerts a tremendous amount of influence  over the city and its future.The university strongly denies any involvement in the city s dealings with the center and its building and on Friday issued the following statement: The mission of providing support for veterans is extremely important, and numerous University of Chicago community members have volunteered their time at the RTW Veterans Center. The university is not engaged in discussions regarding the center s property and has no plans to purchase it. Veterans  center co-founder Daniel  Doc  Habeel, a Vietnam War veteran, acknowledged Saturday that people associated with the university have indeed volunteered time. But he also expressed uncertainty about the university s involvement. The not-for-profit facility, which receives no government funding, cited in a press release Wednesday a history of building inspectors in other places forcing a worn-out building into receivership so a prospective developer is  eventually able to acquire the property without having to negotiate. The city says the fines are not being enforced and that the case landed in court because numerous 311 calls led inspectors to visit the facility, where they learned about the severity of the problems, including a structurally unsafe porch. Via: FOX News ",0
20568,ALL OUT BRAWL! BERNIE/HILLARY DELEGATES GO AT IT: ‘We need a medic!’ [Video],"WOW! IT WAS AN ALL OUT BRAWL AT THE NV DEM CONVENTION: The Hill Reported: Tensions were high at the Democratic convention in Nevada Saturday, with Bernie Sanders supporters demanding delegate recounts, booing Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.) and causing other disruptions, according to local media reports. Keep on booing and boo yourself out of this election .we had our Nevada caucus and Hillary Clinton won,    BarbaraBoxer Sanders supporters were angry over a voice vote that adopted a set of temporary convention rules as the permanent rules, according to the Las Vegas Sun.And supporters also reacted angrily to the count of delegates attending the convention, which put Hillary Clinton at an advantage. Final numbers announced later in the day showed 1,695 Clinton supporters in attendance to Sanders s 1,662. The focus has been all on the Trump/Third Party situation but the Bernie/Hillary situation is what the press might want to focus on an all out brawl happened at the NV Dem Convention. Here s a little sample of just how ugly it got: FIGHT BREAKS OUT - CALL A MEDIC!  Fight just broke out. Someone got their credentials snatched pic.twitter.com/RnDSMxaiI4  Laura Martin (@LauraKMM) May 14, 2016 ",0
20569,"Oscar Winning Actress JENNIFER LAWRENCE Recalls Attending Same Concert As Trump: “I was adamant on finding him and then making a video of me going, ‘Hey Trump, f*ck you!’” [VIDEO]","These leftist actors are so darn funny. You know what isn t funny? They never mention the 4 Americans Hillary left to die in Benghazi. They never mention that she has put our nation and the national security of our nation at risk with her personal unsecured email server. You know what else isn t funny? That they never mention the person they re supporting, because she has a vagina and a  D  after her name, has been under criminal investigation for most of her adult life. But let s hear how funny it is that some nit-wit actress who is supported by the general public (not just Democrats) wanted to track down Trump to make a video attempting to humiliate him. I m actually sorry she never found him, it would ve been an amazing career ending move. The 25-year-old Oscar-winning actress joined fellow actors Johnny Depp and James McAvoy on the Graham Norton Show Friday night, where she revealed that she once attended a concert at which the Republican presidential frontrunner was also present. I was at a concert that I heard he was attending, so I had my full security, I was like,  Find Donald Trump,  Lawrence told Norton.  Because I was adamant on finding him and then making a video of me going,  Hey Trump, f*ck you! I wouldn t rest until he was found,  the actress continued over the audience s enthusiastic applause.  He knew I was looking for him. WATCH:Meanwhile, Depp told Norton about his experience playing Trump in left-wing comedy website Funny or Die s Art of the Deal movie in February, and even offered up some on-the-spot impressions of the GOP candidate. Both Lawrence and Depp have predicted apocalyptic disaster if the Republican presidential hopeful were to win in November.During a red carpet appearance at the premiere of his latest film Alice Through the Looking Glass earlier this week, Depp said that a President Trump would be America s  last president. If Donald Trump is elected president of the United States of America, in a kind of historical way it s exciting,  Depp said,  because we will see the actual last president of the United States. Via: Breitbart News",0
20570,CAN SOMEONE PLEASE EXPLAIN How This Fairly Accurate Cartoon Is “Racist”?,"Perhaps a little  trigger warning  therapy is in order?A cartoonist has been accused of racism after he portrayed Michelle Obama as masculine and butch next to a pageant-ready Melania Trump in a controversial drawing.#InTrumpsAmerica The #FirstLady will be Great Again! #Trump2016 https://t.co/2FGmMQ1bBo pic.twitter.com/g2SOBjFXSI  BenGarrison Cartoons (@GrrrGraphics) May 13, 2016The cartoon   which has been branded  racist and misogynistic    shows a muscular Mrs Obama wearing a green dress with a bulge in the groin area.Stood next to her is a feminine, smiling Melania Trump in a pink dress and holding a Trump sign.  DMHere are some of the reactions to the CARTOON on Twitter:The artist Ben Garrison tweeted the picture on Friday with the caption:  #InTrumpsAmerica The #FirstLady will be Great Again! #Trump2016. the zombies are calling it ""racist"" and ""body shaming""! hahah you triggered them good!!!  Mark Dice (@MarkDice) May 15, 2016And finally, here is artist Ben Garrison s awesome response to trigger warning, safe space, racist social media warriors:It's called satire folks-American politicalcartoons have a long tradition of lampooning those in office #DealWithIt pic.twitter.com/oyC2K6T7RZ  BenGarrison Cartoons (@GrrrGraphics) May 14, 2016And finally, he created this epic cartoon in response to the anger he inspired from Leftists on Twitter:Thank U to all the many,many new followers-0 unfollows! Here's a #cartoon for the triggered #crybullies #DealWithIt pic.twitter.com/MoCaMD30l0  BenGarrison Cartoons (@GrrrGraphics) May 14, 2016 ",0
20571,"OBAMA INVITES David Letterman, Will Ferrell And Other Leftist Celebrities To Extravagant Nordic State Dinner For Purpose Of Sending “Strong Message” To Putin","In typical Obama fashion, the extravagant tax-payer funded Nordic state dinner looked more like an after-party for the Academy Awards than a state function. How is anyone supposed to take this ass-clown seriously when he has turned our White House into a playground for the  who s who  in the Hollywood Communist party? But then again, nothing Obama does is for the good of our country, it always has been, and will continue to be, all about him until he and his sorry excuse for a family exit the White House. I m sure the sight of pop singer Demi Lovato and comedian Aziz Ansar with Nordic leaders at the White House left Putin shaking in his boots President Obama and the First Lady have welcomed five Nordic leaders to the White House for a lavish state dinner after earlier putting on a show of unity against Vladimir Putin s recent military aggression in the Baltics.The Obamas first welcomed Icelandic Prime Minister Sigurdur Ingi Johannsson   who has only been in charge of his country for a month   and his wife Ingibjorg Elsa Ingjaldsdottir as they arrived at the North Portico of the White House.They were swiftly followed by the prime ministers of Sweden, Finland, Denmark and Norway, who were also invited to the unusual   if a little crowded   meeting.The dinner will send a strong statement to Russia, who the five heads of state earlier slammed for its military buildup   including the buzzing of a U.S. warship near Kaliningrad   as they called for economic sanctions against Moscow to be maintained.Here s a peak into the Academy Awards after party Nordic State dinner. True to our divisive President s nature, there wasn t a single Republican invited to the affair.More than 300 guests   including actor Will Ferrell, David Letterman and former NBA star Alonzo Mourning   were invited to the dinner.Ferrell, who attended the dinner with his Swedish wife, Vivica Paulin, said it was his first time at the White House.  I hope we don t do anything wrong,  he joked.Also expected are Girls actress Allison Williams, Scandal star Bellamy Young, singer Janelle Monae and former Victoria s Secret model Miranda Kerr, as well as a smattering of Nordic celebrities. Several Democratic lawmakers were on the guest list, but no Republicans   a possible sign that Obama s efforts to win over his political rivals are waning as the end of his presidency nears.Via: Daily Mail",0
20572,WHOA! Why Is Our Classless President Following Porn Sites On Twitter?,"Just another classless act in the life of  President  Barack Obama President Obama s Twitter account, which is run by his  Organizing for Action  staff, follows 636,000 accounts. Many of them you might expect: Michelle Obama, Joe Biden, John Kerry. Even Mariah Carey and Snoop Dogg don t really raise an eyebrow. But several accounts on the presidential follow list fit a different theme: Asa Akira, a porn star who has 653,000 followers and, in her Twitter bio, states  I have an award-winning asshole.  Joanna Angel (390,000 followers), who describes herself as a  multiple award winning punk porno princess;  Penthouse Pet Of The Year Nikki Benz (808,000 followers); and Ashley Steel (138,000 followers), who writes that she is a  Porn Star, Doggy mama, Happiness Junkie, XXX Model, Buddhist, & Total nerd. So why is the official Twitter account for the president of the United States publicly following adult movie stars? Of course, American porn stars are just as American (and just as worthy of the President s ear) as anyone else, but this interaction is nonetheless an unusual move for an elected official s campaign-managed social media account.Neither the Organizing for Action campaign nor the White House immediately responded to a request for comment. A spokesperson for Joe Rospars, Obama s principal digital strategist for both presidential campaigns, said that he was not available to comment.The current presidential candidates seemed to have been more intentional about their follow lists, if for no other reason than that Twitter had blocked auto-following before the start of their 2016 campaigns. Nikki Benz, Penthouse s 2011  Pet Of The Year,  has followed Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, and Donald Trump. None of them have followed back. Via: Fast Company ",0
20573,HAS EUROPE GONE MAD? CONVICTED Terrorist Recruiters Free To Roam Streets If They “Behave” Themselves During Trial,"In their rush to make radical Muslims terrorists feel as though they are welcome in Belgium, coupled with their naive belief that if they coddle them enough, they will assimilate, the authorities have clearly forgotten about the victims of a horrific terror attack that took place in Brussels only months ago. When european nations start coddling terrorists and terror recruiters who are attracting Muslims from their homeland to commit horrific acts of violence against innocent people, the entire nation is screwed Erin McLaughlin of CNN told the story of a young man, a teen who became caught up in the ISIS recruiting web after a vacation in Belgium. Eight months after that trip to vacation in Belgium, Salia said her son became radicalized. He sent her a Facebook message to let her know he was in Syria.Then came a chilling phone call. the Syrian guide said,  Congratulation, congratulation. Your son died as a martyr,  and then he hung up.It was horrible. when I heard about his death, I felt like I died myself. she says her son was the happiest of her four children. She didn t know the most dangerous jihadist recruitment network in Brussels approached her son.It was the most dangerous of webs. Some were convicted and given lengthy prison sentences but, remarkably, were free on bail.It is veteran jihadists and recruiters. Some would go on to carry out the terrorist attacks in Paris and Brussels. Authorities prosecuted for man 60 recruiters and foreign fighters. One of them was Sala. His recruiters were declared guilty as you see here, the judge allowed them to walk free pending their appeal. CNN tracked down one of the recruiters to his home address that is neighborhood of a convicted recruiter.Her son said he pleaded, he wanted to come home. The recruiter said,  no . We re here to ask him why.We ring the doorbell. His mother answers. She screams at us to leave her alone. As we walk away, the recruiter appears and confronts us. His words are not welcoming. He refuses to talk to us on camera.Families living in the complex don t even know they are living amongst them. It must be the EU PC.Belgian authorities tell CNN they have NOT notified residents that a convicted jihadist recruiter is living in their midst.We saw a teenage boy entering the same apartment building. the president of Brussels tribunal says in Belgium it is not unusual for a criminal to go free while they re waiting for appeal. If they re not considered a flight risk. How s it that a convicted member of a terrorist organization sentenced to seven years in prison is allowed to walk free after his trial? They re free, the official said, because they behaved during the trial.His mother said it s like her son died twice seeing his recruiters running loose on the streets.For entire story: Independent Sentinel",0
20574,DARTMOUTH #BlackLivesMatter Terrorists TEAR DOWN Memorial To Slain Police Officers Because…”White Supremacy”,"Who can forget the sweet young Dartmouth College student who was part of a larger disruptive, bullying group of students who terrorized other students in the Dartmouth Library where they were trying to study? Because cramming your racist views of America trumps everyone else s right to not feel threatened in their college library right? It kinda makes one wonder when the administrators at colleges and universities are going to step up and put an end to this nation-wide, White House sanctioned domestic terror effort Fast forward to yesterday A controversy has erupted at Dartmouth College after a pro-police display was torn down by Black Lives Matter activists, who denounced it for memorializing the  perpetrators  of  state violence. Dartmouth BLM Protesters Tear Down Memorial To Slain PoliceIn honor of National Police Week (which falls May 15-21), Dartmouth s College Republicans reserved a bulletin board at the Collis Center and used it to create a display honoring police officers and firemen who have fallen in the line of duty. One part of the display noted that 60 police and 343 firemen were killed in the 9/11 attacks, while another declared over 20,000 police officers have been killed while on-duty in the history of the United States.At the bottom, the display said in big letters,  BLUE LIVES MATTER. This last part of the display appears to have outraged Black Lives Matter supporters at Dartmouth, several of whom vocally complained on Twitter and Facebook that the display was offensive and even  white supremacist. #fight4facultyofcolor and students of color because we all woke up to this white supremacist bullshit in Collis. pic.twitter.com/l1gtxNCzqq  MikaChu (@talladultchild) May 13, 2016But Black Lives Matter did more than just complain, they also took action. The original display was torn down Friday morning, at about 11 a.m, and in its place almost three dozen sheets of paper were used to cover the bulletin board, all of them carrying an identical message:  YOU CANNOT CO-OPT THE MOVEMENT AGAINST STATE VIOLENCE TO MEMORIALIZE THE PERPETRATORS.  At the bottom, each sheet also had the hashtag  #blacklivesmatter  printed on it.Via: Daily Caller",0
20575,WOLF IN SHEEP’S CLOTHING: Katie Couric Would Like Americans To Know That Gun Owners Actually WANT Gun Control,"Beware of morning talk show hosts turned  news  personalities. The Katie Couric s and Matt Lauer s of the world are some of the most radical and dangerous propagandists in the media today. We are unknowingly  being fed gun control with a cherry on top, while most Americans don t even realize the leftist drivel they re being fed During a May 13 appearance on NBC s Today, Katie Couric previewed her upcoming gun control documentary by claiming a  silent majority  of gun owners want more gun control.Couric said these things during an interview conducted by Matt Lauer, who began the interview by countering FBI statistics and claiming mass shootings are on the rise. In September 2014, the FBI released a highly politicized study claiming a rise in mass shootings, only to have the authors of the study recant months later and admit they created data to make the study outcome fit a preconceived conclusion.Yet Lauer claimed mass shootings are on the rise, and Couric played along without hesitation. In fact, she built on Lauer s mass shootings comment to suggest more gun control is needed, and a  silent majority  of gun owners support it.Couric said:Ninety percent of the public really favors universal background checks. And after Sandy Hook, everyone thought this was a watershed moment, something would be done. And then when Manchin/Toomey died in the Senate, I couldn t understand the disconnect between public opinion and our elected officials.So Couric undertook a gun control documentary,  Under the Gun,  and says that in interviewing people for the film, she came to the conclusion that the NRA really does not speak for the majority of gun owners. She said,  The NRA only represents five percent of gun owners, so there s this huge silent majority, and they represent common ground. For entire story: Breitbart News ",0
20576,MOM HEARS 8 Yr Old Daugher SCREAM In Girl’s Bathroom…Finds Man Strangling Her…Dragging Her Into Stall [VIDEO],"This story is for anyone who thinks King Obama s latest decree isn t reckless and dangerous to ever woman and girl in America A man is accused of choking an 8-year-old girl until she passed out in the bathroom of a restaurant in Chicago s South Loop.The girl was with her mother at the Jason s Deli in the 1200-block of South Canal Street on Saturday, police said. The girl and her mother were inside the restroom separated by stalls around 1:15 p.m.Police say 33-year-old Reese Hartstirn walked in and targeted the girl, choking her and trying to lock her in a stall. The mother heard her daughter scream and grabbed her.Police said other people in the deli helped hold the man until officers arrived.Jason s Deli released a statement Friday regarding the incident: We re blessed to have a wonderful relationship with the Chicago Police Department. Many of them are our customers and because of their connection to our deli, this unfortunate situation was handled very quickly. We re proud of how out team members responded and thankful that we have the kind of customers that are willing to lend a hand in a difficult situation. We continue to work hard every day to make every customer happy. The girl was taken to Comer Children s Hospital, but police did not have information about her condition.Hartstirn, of the 500-block of North Racine Avenue, was charged with aggravated kidnapping of a child, aggravated battery of a child and battery causing bodily harm.Police said he was also charged with aggravated assault of a peace officer because he swung at an officer who booked him at the Central District station. Via: ABC7-Chicago",0
20577,UPDATE: 12 STATES NOW Giving Obama Middle Finger On UNLAWFUL Transgender Bathroom Decree,"Only 38 states to go. Obama is going to do more damage to the fabric of America in his final 7 months in office than any other President in history The ink was barely dry on President Obama s guidance regarding gender-neutral bathrooms   the administration told U.S. public schools on Friday to let transgender students use bathrooms and locker rooms according to gender identity   when opposing voices started shouting.And at least 7 of those voices in 6 states so far belonged to high-ranking state officials, beginning with North Carolina, where HB2 brought the controversy to the forefront:North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory (R)   Says the U.S. Justice Department is displaying  overreach  by warning legal action and withholding federal funds unless HB2 which limits bathroom/locker room use to the gender on an individual s birth certificate is scrapped.Texas Governor Greg Abbott (R)   Has declared that he will be working closely with North Carolina s governor in opposing the federal guideline.I announced today that Texas is fighting this. Obama can't rewrite the Civil Rights Act. He's not a King. #tcot https://t.co/vDgfQPZXjR  Greg Abbott (@GregAbbott_TX) May 13, 2016Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick (R)   Has stated that Texas does not want any  dirty money  tied to policies that amount to extortion:Texas Lt. Gov. @DanPatrick on Obama administration guidance on transgender bathrooms: ""We will not be blackmailed"" https://t.co/28tFsicoo8  CNN Newsroom (@CNNnewsroom) May 13, 2016Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson (R)   Advised schools in his state to ignore the guidance:As Gov., I recommend that school districts disregard @POTUS's  guidance  on gender identification in schools. >> https://t.co/mFxgtOcbml  Gov. Asa Hutchinson (@AsaHutchinson) May 13, 2016Alabama Attorney General Luther Strange (R)   Says the issue should be decided by parents, teachers, and principals not by federal bureaucrats.Alabama AG Luther Strange vows to fight 'absurd' Obama order on transgender school bathrooms https://t.co/VnCUcZ6jSz  AL.com (@aldotcom) May 13, 2016Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin (R)   Released a statement saying that the federal government had no authority to interfere in local school districts  bathroom policies.Our statement regarding Obama's proposed bathroom rules for public schools: https://t.co/50Zg6PqXOY  Matt Bevin (@MattBevin) May 13, 2016Missouri Lieutenant Governor Peter Kinder (R)   Released a statement saying that Obama was abusing his power, and that America needs guidance and prayer.Via: Independent JournalUPDATE: Six more states have joined in protest against Obama s unlawful transgender bathroom decree, they are: West Virginia, Arizona, Kansas, Nebraska, Utah, and Maine. The number of states who will fight back will certainly increase, as the public becomes more and more active, contacting their legislators and governors, demanding they stand up to King Obama. ",0
20578,HILLARY APPROVED? BILL CLINTON Ditched Secret Service On Several Trips To Exotic Locations On PEDOPHILE PLANE,"We all know Bill Clinton is a sexual predator. The big question now is, how much Hillary knew about his disgusting sexual trysts with his good buddy, Jeffrey Epstein who apparently had a thing for underage girls? Bill Clinton spent enough time aboard disgraced Wall Street mogul Jeffrey Epstein s  Lolita Express  airplane that he should be eligible for frequent flyer miles, according to a shocking new report that reveals how often the former U.S. president road along with with the convicted sex offender.Flight logs reviewed by Fox News show Clinton took 26 trips aboard Epstein s Boeing 727 jet, more than double the 11 flights previously known. Epstein s jet was reportedly set up with a bed where guests had group sex with young girls. One of them, Virginia Giuffre, has claimed she was lured into joining Epstein s harem when she was just 15 years old and was then known as Virginia Roberts. The former teen prostitute has said she was used as a  sex slave. Roberts, 32, has claimed she saw Clinton in 2002 on an Epstein junket to St. Thomas in the U.S. Virgin Islands.But according to Fox, flight logs don t show the former president aboard a flight headed there. St. Thomas has a landing strip long enough to accommodate the jet. The logs do show the former president jetting to such exotic locales as Brunei, Norway, Russia, Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan, the Azores, Africa, Belgium, China, New York, and Belgium   all on Epstein s plane. Traveling with Epstein was New York socialite Ghislaine Maxwell, whom Roberts has accused of pimping her out. If nothing else, Clinton brought protection. Flight logs filed with the Federal Aviation Administration show Clinton brought as many as 10 U.S. Secret Service agents along with him on some trips. But a journey to Asia in 2002 didn t list any Secret Service protection. As a former president, Clinton still gets a taxpayer-funded security detail for life. The cable network reported that Clinton would have been required to file an official form to leave his protective forces behind, although the Secret Service hasn t responded to formal document requests. Epstein pleaded guilty to soliciting a minor for prostitution in 2008, and served just 18 months in jail for the offense despite outrage from victims advocates.The Palm Beach, Florida police and the FBI both investigated charges that Epstein consorted with underage girls used for prostitution. Court documents show that police found a  clear indication that Epstein s staff was frequently working to schedule multiple young girls between the ages of 12 and 16 years old literally every day, often two or three times per day.  One victim said under oath that Epstein molested her at least 50 times, beginning when she was 13. She said she and other girls were lured to Epstein s home with promises of hundreds of dollars for modeling or for massaging him.Read more: Daily Mail",0
20579,"BREAKING BOMBSHELL: Blonde Clinton Neighbor, Dubbed The “Energizer” Gets $2 MILLION From Clinton “Charity”","Here s how Donald Trump reacted Donald Trump reacted Friday to a report that the Clinton Global Foundation provided millions to a power company partly owned by a rich, blond divorcee by saying that people have been whispering about her possible romantic ties to Bill Clinton for a long time.The  commitment  to Julie Tauber McMahon s firm from the Clinton Global Initiative was placed on its 2010 conference agenda at Clinton s urging, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday.The initiative  commits $2 million to support the work of Energy Pioneer Solutions, a company founded to deliver energy savings to communities in rural America,  said a 2010 statement from the charity. People have been talking about this for years. I have no idea what went on. I certainly don t,  the presumptive GOP presidential nominee said on  Fox & Friends. According to a report in The Wall Street Journal, the Clinton Global Initiative doled out $2 million to Energy Pioneer Solutions, which is partly owned by Julie Tauber McMahon.The fit, blond mother of three, who lives just minutes from Bill and Hillary Clinton s home in Chappaqua, West chester, is the daughter of Joel Tauber, a millionaire donor to the Democratic Party.McMahon, 54, is rumored to be the woman dubbed  Energizer  by the Secret Service at the Clinton home because of her frequent visits, according to RadarOnline.Secret Service agents were even given special instructions to abandon usual protocol when the woman came by, according to journalist Ronald Kessler s tell-all book,  The First Family Detail. You don t stop her, you don t approach her, you just let her go in,  says the book, based on agents  accounts. Energizer  is described in the book as a charming visitor who sometimes brought cookies to the agents.The book describes one sun-drenched afternoon when agents took notice of the woman s revealing attire. It was a warm day, and she was wearing a low-cut tank top, and as she leaned over, her breasts were very exposed,  an agent is quoted in the book as saying. Energizer  reportedly timed her arrivals and departures around Hillary Clinton s schedule.When asked about whether there should be a probe into money directed from the foundation   a charity   to the company, Trump said:  Well, I assume you put the word  charity  in quotes. The interviewer, who cited the New York Post s cover story, told Trump that Clinton helped steer an $812,000 federal grant to the company through then-Energy Secretary Steven Chu.The interviewer also pointed out that  nonprofits are not supposed to act in anyone s private interests. For entire story: NYP ",0
20580,POLICE CALLED TO GRISLY MURDER SCENE: Find Decapitated Blow Up Sex Doll In City Overrun By Muslim Immigrants,"Better a blow-up doll than an actual citizen, in the city of L beck, Germany where the Muslim migrant population has exploded.Police were called out on Wednesday to the scene of what seemed to be a grisly murder. But they were soon able to put the finder s mind to rest.It must have been quite the shock.A street cleaner in the picturesque town of L beck near Germany s Baltic coast called police early on Wednesday morning to tell them he had found a female corpse lying on the street next to a paper recycling container.The lifeless body was wrapped in a blanket with a foot jutting out of one end.Officers from L beck s 2nd police district jumped into action, rushing to the scene as fast as they could. After more exact criminal observation, it was ascertained that we were dealing with a so-called sex toy which had no head,  the police report reveals. Via: Local de",0
20581,[Video] DUMB AND DUMBER Star BASHES TRUMP…Use Worst Examples Of Female Leaders To PROMOTE Hillary,"Jeff Daniels channels his role as ACN s  Will McAvoy  from HBO s  The Newsroom  to respond to question about Trump vs Hillary. The only problem with Daniels answer is, he s using two embarrassingly incompetent female leaders in current times to support his belief that America is  ready  for a woman (Hillary) President.In the video, actor Jeff Daniels mentions German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Germany has lost their patience with  open borders  Merkel, as she continues to put citizens of Germany at risk by allowing over 1 million mostly male, Muslim refugees to flood the nation of Germany. A poll published on Tuesday shows that just under two-thirds of Germans do not want Merkel to run for office again in elections next year.  He also references Brazil s female President Dilma Rousseff as a  success  story that America should look at when considering electing a female President. Here s the latest breaking story on Brazil s female President: Brazil s once-lauded model of leftist government appeared to come to an abrupt end Thursday, when lawmakers suspended President Dilma Rousseff in an extraordinary repudiation of her administration and the Workers  Party that has ruled the country for 13 years.Vice President Michel Temer quickly assumed control of Latin America s largest country, signaling that he will take Brazil in a more free-market-friendly direction in an attempt to shore up its sagging economy and win over a skeptical public. A member of the centrist PMDB party, Temer introduced a conservative-leaning, all-male cabinet Thursday that swings Brazil toward the right.Hey Jeff, thanks for proving to your fans that you re really not acting in your  Dumb and Dumber  movies:For anyone who thinks Jeff Daniels is just  acting  in the video above, watch Daniels share his views on our Second Amendment with over-the-top gun-control advocate Piers Morgan here:",0
20582,"BLACK LIVES MATTER ACTIVIST, Erica Garner Makes Campaign Ad For SANDERS [VIDEO]…OOPS! Bernie’s Support For INSANE TAXES Killed Her Dad","TAXES really do kill people. Eric Garner is a perfect example. This tragedy happened on Donald Trump s home turf, if his campaign was on top of their game, they d be all over this Ahead of the Pennsylvania primary Bernie Sanders was asked about Philadelphia s proposed soda tax during a recent interview with  Meet The Press . Hillary Clinton favors the tax but Bernie opposes it because he says it taxes the poor who are already struggling enough. Chuck Todd didn t buy that answer and pressed Sanders to explain why he opposes the soda tax but favors cigarette taxes (which are much, much higher). Bernie explained that he thinks  cigarettes are different than soda  and that  there s almost a question as to why [cigarettes]remain a legal product in this country . Apparently, Bernie Sanders doesn t realize that the cigarette taxes he favors are what got Eric Garner killed.Unfortunately, Chuck Todd didn t catch that statement and moved on to other topics. He should have jumped on it given that it s quite the hypocritical line coming from someone trying to gain the support of the Black Lives Matter movement. Bernie Sanders even has the support of Eric Garner s own daughter who starred in a three minute campaign ad just a couple months previous.One wonders whether or not Erica Garner approves of Bernie Sanders  support of the cigarette taxes that killed her father.Recall that Eric Garner was accused of selling un-taxed cigarettes in New York City. The Federal government already imposes a $1.01 tax, which the New York state government adds a $4.35 tax to, and the New York City government tacked another $1.50 onto. That brings the total cigarette tax in New York City to more than $6.85 cents which is more than the cost of the cigarettes themselves. These excessively high taxes that Bernie Sanders supports double the price of pack of cigarettes and creates a black market for un-taxed cigarettes.It was this black market that Eric Garner was accused of taking part in. Un-taxed cigarettes are a lucrative business in New York City and account for tens of millions of dollars in sales. Many people try to make a living selling these un-taxed cigarettes as Eric Garner was allegedly doing when he was stopped by the police.Situations like this are the inevitable result of high taxes. If people refuse to pay taxes this is how they will be enforced. People with guns will show up. People will die.Via: A Libertarian Future ",0
20583,HILLARY’S TOP AIDE Is About To See Her Husband’s Scandalous Life Played Out On Big Screen: “WEINER” Debuts In May [WATCH TRAILER],"Dinesh D Souza s  Hillary s America  will debut in theaters in July.  Clinton Cash  is a documentary that investigates donations made to the Clinton Foundation by foreign entities, paid speeches made by Bill and Hillary Clinton, and the Clintons  personal enrichment since leaving the White House in 2001. It also debuts this summer. And now,  Weiner  exploring the life of a world class narcissist who just happens to be married to Hillary s top aide and special friend who is also tied to Hillary s email scandal investigation, Huma Abedin. With so many scandalous movies surrounding the life of Corrupt Hillary debuting this spring and summer, it s hard to know what to see first. We only have one question. Did filmmaker, Mr. Kriegman credit Andrew Breitbart for  exposing  (pun intended) the truth about Anthony Weiner?Mr. Kriegman s careful chronicling of Mr. Weiner s campaign is poised to prompt a much broader reassessment of a tabloid-tarred politician.  Weiner,  a feature-length documentary by Mr. Kriegman and Elyse Steinberg, will be released on May 20, amid one of the most contentious presidential elections in memory, and it may be the most intimate and provocative portrait of a political race since  The War Room. Mr. Weiner   whose moth-to-the-flame instinct toward exposure led in part to his resignation from Congress in 2011 after admitting he had lied about online liaisons with women   granted extraordinary access to Mr. Kriegman, in exchange for the occasional use of his footage during the campaign. The filmmaker agreed to step out of the room whenever Mr. Weiner asked.And yet there is Mr. Kriegman in the back of a sport utility vehicle, filming as Mr. Weiner tries to persuade his wife, Huma Abedin, to appear at a primary-night party where Sydney Leathers, Mr. Weiner s erstwhile sexting partner, is lurking outside. Mr. Kriegman is inside the couple s apartment at breakfast time as Ms. Abedin, a frozen smile on her face, confides to the camera that she is  living a nightmare. There are startling moments of Mr. Weiner analyzing his own transgressions (he calls them  the things ) and facing teary-eyed staff members. Hours after Mr. Weiner s campaign is stricken by revelations of new online infidelities, the film finds husband and wife alone in a conference room, staring at each other for what may be the longest and most painful onscreen marital silence this side of an Ingmar Bergman film. The door closes, and I m filming, and I m riveted by what s happening,  Mr. Kriegman recalled in an interview last month.  But I m definitely thinking to myself:  I can t believe I m standing here right now. He almost never got the chance. Mr. Kriegman had known Mr. Weiner for years, serving as chief of staff in his district office. After a decade in politics, he began pursuing a film career, earning credits on MTV and PBS. He and Ms. Steinberg, who are both 36, and previously collaborated on a documentary about prison reform, came to view Mr. Weiner as an ideal subject.Via: NYT s ",0
20584,UPDATE: TRANSGENDER TARGET BOYCOTT Reaches Boiling Point…Loses $4 BILLION In 30 Days…CEO Defends Dangerous Bathroom Position,"Note to Target CEO: When you endanger the safety of little girls and women in your stores, you re giving  placing a  target  on your back  a whole new meaning. Only two days ago in women s bathroom in Chicago, an 8 year old girl was choked by a man until she was unconscious. He proceeded to drag into a bathroom stall. Fortunately, her mother overheard her screams and was able to come to her rescue. Is this really the kind of America we want? Is Target ready to accept responsibility for crimes against women and children in their bathrooms and changing rooms?UPDATE: Target is facing a nationwide backlash for its support of transgender rights.More than 1.2 million people have signed a pledge to boycott the retailer after it announced last month that it would welcome transgender customers to use any bathroom or fitting room that matches their gender identity.Critics have been holding protests and demonstrations at stores across the country, and they are showing no signs of dying down.Many are demanding access to bathrooms of the opposite sex to support claims that  perverts  can now prey on children and women as a result of the policy.The boycotters  goal is to force Target to reverse its policy, or at least make the retailer suffer for it by spending their money elsewhere.  Breitbart NewsThe CEO of retail giant Target is zig-zagging between the many customers who are angered by his decision to open single-sex bathrooms to the other sex, the gender-identity progressives who pushed for the disastrous transgender policy, and the Wall Street stock-pickers who have chopped roughly $4.5 billion off the company s value. We re going to continue to embrace our belief in diversity and inclusion, just how important that is to our company, CEO Brian Cornell said in a May 11 appearance on CNBC s  Squawk Box  business show.  But we re also going to make sure our focus on safety is unwavering,  he added.To mollify the public angered by his removal of single-sex restrooms and changing rooms, the company will add family bathrooms to all of its stores, he said.We re committed over the next few months, to make sure every one of our stores has that option, because we want to make sure that our guests be welcomed in our stores. But if there s a question of safety, I can tell you and others, our focus on safety is unwavering, and we want to make sure we provide a welcoming environment for all our guests, one that s safe, one that s comfortable.But Cornell did not offer to return single-sex changing rooms, which is likely the most unnerving element in the company s new open-door, pro-transgender agenda.The company can t easily add family changing-rooms without using up scarce space in their retail stores   and can t reestablish single-sex changing-rooms without angering many progressive professionals in the media and fashion industries. Those progressives professionals would likely claim the company is unfairly  gender policing  its customers, even though transgender advocates say only 1 in every 300 Americans are transgender. Other estimates say the ratio is only 1 transgender for every 2,400 Americans.So Cornell tried to reassure and flatter progressives about the justice of his company s brand-damaging, revenue-reducing April 19 decision.  We took a stance,  Cornell said, as he suggested that single-sex bathrooms are just like a racist refusal to use African-Americans in commercial advertising in the 1960s.We ve had a long history embracing diversity and inclusion. A couple weeks ago, one of our team members sent me a note reminding me that if we went back to the mid-60s, our company was one of the very first to use African-American models in their advertising, and back then, it wasn t well received.In the company s initial April 19 statement, the store said,  we welcome transgender team members and [customer] guests to use the restroom or fitting room facility that corresponds with their gender identity. The statement came as Americans were recognizing and rejecting the revolutionary political agenda behind the push for transgender status.Since April 19,  We had a lot of tough feedback. But sitting here today, we know we made the right decision,  Cornell insisted.That tough feedback includes a consumer boycott that now has 1.2 million supporters, much damage to the company s brand, and a massive sell-off on Wall Street that has chopped the company s share price from almost $84 on April 19 to $75.70 on May 11.That s a loss of $8.30 per share, or 10 percent, or almost $5 billion since April 19. Of course, some part of that loss is due to President Barack Obama s weak economy   but no company is helped by many management decisions that anger so many customers. Via: Breitbart News",0
20585,OBAMA FAN CLUB PRESIDENT GEORGE CLOONEY Tells France: “There’s Not Going To Be A President Trump” [VIDEO],"There s nothing quite like an arrogant actor who lives in Europe, supports Hillary, blames the press for making Trump popular, and for not properly vetting him, while hanging out at the White House with the least vetted President in American history.George Clooney is making his disdain for Donald Trump known not just here in the United States but also overseas.The actor was interviewed by members of the international press at the Cannes Film Festival on Thursday afternoon, and took some time to share with them his opinion of Trump. There s not going to be a President Donald Trump,  said Clooney, who held a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton last month in Los Angeles where tickets reportedly went for $353,400 per couple. That s not going to happen. Fear is not going to be something that drives our country. We re not going to be scared of Muslims or immigrants or women. We re not actually afraid of anything. That whole  We re not afraid of Muslims  thing ought to go over pretty well with the victims and families of victims who have been attacked in Paris twice over the past couple of years. Tell that to French residents who live in or near  no-go-zones  George. Of course, you wouldn t know, because you have the best security detail money can buy hypocrite!Clooney, who was on the Croisette to promote his film Money Monster, went on to say;  Trump is actually a result in many ways of the fact that much of the news programs didn t follow up and ask tough questions. Via: Daily Mail ",0
20586,WATCH: NEW MOVIE Black Lives Matter Terrorists DON’T Want You To See…What REALLY Happened In FERGUSON Courtroom,"We ve written about the amazing filmmaker, playwright and journalist, Phelim MacAleer and his fearless wife Ann McElhinney several times over the past couple of years. They ve brilliantly exposed the Left  and their outrageous lies countless times. They are currently making a movie called  Gosnell  that will tell the truth the media hid about the crimes committed by serial killer,  Dr.  Kermit Gosnell. This husband and wife team are doing the work honest journalists, if they were being true to their profession, SHOULD be doing. Phelim s play  Ferguson,  that is now a movie, (see full-length version below) has completely dismantled the  hands up don t shoot  lie that was coordinated by the White House and professional race agitators.  This lie of course, was perpetrated by a willing media. MacAleer does a brilliant job of dispelling these lies by simply using the actual testimony from the case.From Phelim MacAleer:These are professional actors reading the actual words of eyewitnesses detailing minute by minute what happened in the run up to the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri. FERGUSON the play consists of unaltered witness testimony, exactly as the Ferguson grand jury heard it. It includes forensic and medical examiner evidence that proves the truth and debunks the liars.You probably haven t missed the many and loud claims that the entertainment industry is racist and not diverse. It seems that  everyone who matters  agrees that diversity is a problem. Or at least that s what they say.But the reality is very different as I found when I wrote a play that offered ten roles for black men and women and even three significant roles for black women over 40   which everyone agrees can be a career death zone for women (of all races).And as a  diversity bonus  the play was going to be about an issue that of huge significance to the black community   it was called FERGUSON and was about the shooting of Michael Brown, a young black man by a white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri.And this was to be no whitesplaining of the issue. I wrote, or rather curated, the play only using actual Grand Jury testimony of witnesses (most of them black). I didn t change their testimony at all. Not a paragraph, word or comma was added. It was to be a minute by minute account by multiple eyewitnesses of the last hours of Michael Brown s life. I decided to have a staged reading of the script over four nights at the Odyssey Theater in Santa Monica. It would be a great way for people to finally hear the truth about Ferguson   in the words of the people who witnessed the whole incident.The cast were enthusiastic at the auditions   there was a huge interest in the play   at last the truth about Ferguson and the shooting of Michael Brown would come out. Their enthusiasm lasted until the end of the first rehearsal. According to an LA Times reporter who was present many of the actors were aghast that the truth from eyewitnesses and forensic experts didn t match their idea of what really happened or what they read in the media. It was clear from the eyewitness testimony that Michael Brown didn t have his hands up surrendering as activists claimed. It was also clear, again from black eyewitnesses, that police officer Darren Wilson had no choice but to shoot Brown who was on a mini-crime rampage that morning.These facts did not please the actors who wanted to tell a different story. However this was Verbatim Theater   the story could only be told in the words of the witnesses. But the actors did not want to hear the genuine voices   even if they were black and under oath. Nine of the original 13 actors walked out. Most of them were black. Then a few of the white cast walked out in sympathy   one just 24 hours before the performance opened.Their walkout made a mockery of claims that there is a need for more diverse roles in the entertainment industry. This was a predominantly black cast in a play about a topic that was about an issue   police shootings of black men   that was of enormous interest to the black community.In reality what activists obviously meant was that they wanted black roles that pushed a left/liberal agenda. They may have wanted the actors faces to be a diverse color but they so did not want diversity of thought or ideas to be presented on the stage. No   those ideas had to be shut down. And it s not as if those ideas don t get a lot of interest. The staged reading of Ferguson   over a four night run   in a 99-seat theater was one of the most talked about plays of the year in Los Angeles. As a writer for liberal LA Weekly put it FERGUSON achieved something  almost unheard of in L.A. s stage community   it moved theater from the arts section to the front page. Despite the walkout I was determined the Show Would Go On. Eventually we hired replacement cast for all the actors and the play was staged for its planned four night run. It was an enormous success.LA Weekly said Ferguson was  divisive, but riveting  and  an incendiary night of theatre . It was covered by a huge range of media outlets including NPR, The Hollywood Reporter and Rush Limbaugh.Now that is true diversity!To ensure the truth about Ferguson reaches as big an audience as possible I have now filmed the staged reading.Please enjoy it. The truth is compelling.  Phelim MacAleer",0
20587,BREAKING: ANGRY BLACK LIVES MATTER Activist ADMITS To Starting MASSIVE LA Apartment Complex Fire As Pay Back For Death Of THUG Michael Brown,"Obama inspired hate...The Latest on a man charged with setting a massive fire that destroyed an unfinished Los Angeles apartment complex (all times local):3:10 p.m.A man has been ordered to stand trial for arson over a fire that incinerated a Los Angeles apartment building and caused $100 million in damage.Fifty-seven-year-old Dawud Abdulwali appeared in court Wednesday. He earlier pleaded not guilty.Prosecutors say Abdulwali set fire to the unfinished De Vinci complex downtown in December 2014. The seven-story complex was completely destroyed and the heat blew out windows at nearby office towers.At Wednesday s hearing, a witness testified that Abdulwali bragged at a party about burning the building and said he did it because he was angry about the police killing of an unarmed black man in Missouri.Via: Houston ChronicleThe witness, Popaul Tshimanga, said he and Abdulwali attended a party a week later. Tshimanga said Abdulwali ranted about the August 2014 killing of Michael Brown, an unarmed black man, by a white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri. He was mad,  Tshimanga said, adding that the defendant said  he burned the building  near a freeway and  didn t like the way the cops were killing black people. Abdulwali s former roommate, Edwyn Gomez, has told investigators that Abdulwali spoke passionately about the protests in Ferguson after Brown s shooting and about wanting vengeance. Cops kill my people,  Gomez recalled Abdulwali saying.  We should go do this, we should go burn some (expletive) down.   We should go break some windows.  Houston ChronicleWatch incredible footage of firefighters risking their lives to put out this massive arson fire:",0
20588,THE TRUTH ABOUT Phony Global Warming: Why Our Snake-Oil-Salesman-In-Chief Is So Desperate To Sell Americans On This LIE," No challenge  poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change.    Obama State Of The Union speech, 2015There is a very good reason why the Left is now SHAMING anyone who doesn t believe in the phony  science  of global warming. In what amounts to essentially a money laundering scheme, the campaigns of some of the most dishonest politicians in Washington are being funded by the business owners who are hand-selected by those crooked politicians to receive billions for  global climate change  initiatives.The liberal media machine has spent decades bulldozing anyone who tells you global warming is a sham.They even came up with a clever little title    deniers. Every time a heat wave hits, every time a picture of a lone polar bear gets taken . . . the left pounds the table for environmental reform, more policy, more money to combat climate change. But how much has the world really warmed?Their message is simple: Get on the man-made global warming bandwagon . . . or you re just ignorant.But how much has the world really warmed?It s an important question, considering the U.S. government spends $22 billion a year to fight the global warming crisis (twice as much as it spends protecting our border).To put that in perspective, that is $41,856 every minute going to global warming initiatives.But that s just the tip of a gargantuan iceberg.According to Forbes columnist Larry Bell, the ripple effect of global warming initiatives actually costs Americans $1.75 trillion . . . every year.That s three times larger than the entire U.S. federal budget deficit.So, has anyone stopped to ask . . . how much has the globe actually warmed?Well, we asked, and what we found was striking.According to NASA s own data via Remote Sensing Systems(RSS), the world has warmed a mere .36 degrees Fahrenheit over the last 35 years (they started measuring the data in 1979).Hardly anything to panic about; however, that does mean the world is warmer, right?The problem with that argument is that we experienced the bulk of that warming between 1979 and 1998 . . . since then, we ve actually had temperatures DROPPING!As can be seen in this chart, we haven t seen any global warming for 17 years.Weakening the global warming argument is data showing that the North Polar ice cap is increasing in size. Recent satellite images from NASA actually reflect an increase of 43% to 63%.This is quite the opposite of what the global warming faction warned us.In 2007, while accepting his Nobel Prize for his global warming initiative, Al Gore made this striking prediction,  The North Polar ice cap is falling off a cliff. It could be completely gone in summer in as little as seven years. Seven years from now. Al Gore could not have been more wrong.However, despite this clear evidence that the temperatures are not increasing, the global warming hysteria only seems to be increasing.For example: President Obama himself tweeted on May 16, 2014:  97% of scientists agree: climate change is real, man-made and dangerous.  John Kerry, Al Gore, and a host of others have championed this statistic.Since then, it has become clear that this statistic was inaccurate.The Wall Street Journal went as far as to say,  The assertion that 97% of scientists believe that climate change is a man-made, urgent problem is a fiction.  Forbes headlined  Global Warming Alarmists Caught Doctoring  97% Consensus  Claims. Come to find out, the study President Obama was citing was botched from the start.A host of other problems for the global warming crowd are emerging, such as . . .Leaked emails from global warming scientists state that the Earth is not warming, such as this one from Kevin Trenberth that states,  The fact is that we can t account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a travesty we can t. Claude Allegre, the founding father of the man-made global warming ethos, recently renounced his position that man has caused warming.Proof is emerging that Al Gore and even President Obama have financially benefited from fueling the global warming hysteria (click here for an internal report on this).It is becoming harder and harder for the global warming community to ignore some of the scientific data that show the Earth is not getting warmer . . . instead, the world is getting cooler.Which makes one wonder   why are we still spending $22 billion a year on global warming initiatives, and where is the money going? Global warming  has been kept on life support for another crucial reason: It has been a practical ATM for every in-the-know political figure.Al Gore, for example, has been one of the most vocally aggressive crusaders for  global warming. In 2001, before leaving office as vice president, Gore was worth less than $2 million. Since then, he has grown his wealth to $100 million . . . almost entirely by investing in a handful of  green-tech  companies . . . 14 of which received more than $2.5 billion in loans, grants, tax breaks, and more from the Obama administration.The Telegraph reports Al Gore could become the  world s first carbon billionaire  thanks to his investments in green companies . . . all of which benefit from tax dollars and government loans to  prevent global warming. And he s not alone.You are likely familiar with the story of the failed Solyndra green energy initiative, which cost taxpayers $500 million; President Obama took a lot of flak for that.But here s a little-known side of the Solyndra story I bet you haven t heard: Obama, in essence, used taxpayer money to finance his re-election campaign . . . by funneling it through Solyndra.You see, when Solyndra fell on hard times, it passed into the hands of two large private equity investors . . . Goldman Sachs and George Kaiser. When $500 million in taxpayer money was given to Solyndra, both Goldman Sachs and George Kaiser benefited. Coincidentally, both have made contributions to Obama s election campaigns adding up to roughly $1.25 million.It doesn t stop there.In 2010, another federal loan of $400 million went Abound Solar. That resulted in a bankruptcy as well. But investors in Abound Solar seemed to do just fine . . . investors like billionaire heiress Patricia Stryker. Stryker has famously contributed $500,000 to the Coalition for Progress while throwing $85,000 toward Obama s inaugural committee. It s just a coincidence that the government handed a company she invested in $400 million just before bankruptcy . . . right?There s also A123 Systems, which paid one lobbying firm $970,000 to secure money from the government   and received $279 million in federal assistance. The CEO of A123 Systems went on to fund multiple Democratic senators and contributed to Obama s campaign.First Solar received $646 million in government loan guarantees, and has since contributed more than $180,000 to Democratic campaigns.GE is notorious for spending tens of millions of dollars a year to  buy  green energy credits for its wind turbines and other green technologies   credits which helped the firm pay ZERO taxes in 2011.There are a host of other examples of liberals getting wealthy off  global warming  initiatives just like these.You can see why green energy is such a profitable business   CEOs and executives get to rake in millions of dollars, while politicians get lucrative donations for their campaigns . . . and scientists get all the funding they need to keep them going . . . all on your dime.But here s the cherry on top . . .While $22 billion of our money is being redistributed every year to greedy scientists, politicians, and corporations . . .$22 billion is just what is spent on these  global warming  initiatives.The reality is, these initiatives have ripple effects . . . mainly the regulations (from government agencies like the Environmental Protection Agency) that shackle free enterprise and force us to rely on foreign energy.According to Forbes, the total cost of these ripple effects is a staggering $1.75 trillion annually.I want you to really think about that for a moment.We re watching $1.75 trillion per year . . . $3,329,528 per minute . . . go to waste.It s worse when you note that the U.S. Energy Information Administration says these regulations could ultimately cause gasoline prices to rise 77% over baseline projections . . . send 3 million Americans to the welfare line . . . and reduce average household income by a whopping $4,000 each year.Washington knows all of this . . . and is still barreling forward with its nonsense policies!They re just letting you foot the bill, while they pocket the benefits. Climate change is no longer some far-off problem; it is happening here, it is happening now.  Fact is, organizations like the Environmental Protection Agency have handcuffed capitalism . . . based on a theory even its staunchest supporters have already renounced.The result: reduced business, higher energy and food costs, higher taxes, lost jobs, and more money going overseas.For entire story: NewsMax ",0
20589,UNREAL! BENGHAZI LIAR SUSAN RICE Shows Her Radical Racist Roots With This Outrageous Comment About National Security,"You just can t make this stuff up we have a National Security Adviser who believes our national security is compromised because there are too many white people in government. Unreal! This is coming from a woman who went on 5 Sunday morning talk shows and lied to the American people about what happened in Benghazi.SHE S ONE TO TALK ABOUT PUTTING OUR SECURITY AT RISK   HER TRACK RECORD ISN T SO GREAT: SUSAN RICE HAD A STRING OF FAILURES IN AFRICA BEFORE BENGHAZI:From 1995 to 1997, Rice served as Special Assistant to President Bill Clinton and senior director for African Affairs at the NSC at the White House.The Daily Caller:  U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice, reportedly the leading contender to be President Barack Obama s next national security adviser, failed during the 1990s to prevent unnecessary deaths in Rwanda, provide adequate security prior to the bombings of the embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, or deal effectively with Robert Mugabe s dictatorship in Zimbabwe.A former State Department military adviser to Africa thought Rice s  inexperience  caused President Bill Clinton s feckless response to the Rwandan genocide when she served as National Security Council director for International Organizations and Peacekeeping. And documents sent to The Daily Caller from the National Legal and Policy Center show Rice failed to take seriously repeated Islamist threats against the U.S. embassies in the prelude to deadly bomb attacks. This woman has ZERO credibility and is a true racist who would be tossed out of her job if she were white and said government was too black. Furthermore, she s giving a commencement speech and she s politicizing it!SUSAN RICE FELT STUDENTS SHOULD BE REQUIRED TO TAKE BLACK HISTORY: In a 1986 book by U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice, the future diplomat argued for the aggressive inclusion of a black history curriculum in American schools, claiming that its omission had  crippling effects  by  providing a child with no more than   a white interpretation of reality. She s yet another one of Obama s minions with a radical racist past who s pushing the Obama agenda of a  fundamental transformation . Rice attended Stanford University and was a black radical back in the day is anyone surprised by this? Probably not In a White House often accused of being stacked with loyalists, President Obama s national security adviser said Wednesday there are too many white people in key government posts, endangering national security because they think alike.Speaking at Florida International University s commencement, Susan E. Rice, who is black, said a diversified government workforce is more likely to yield  better outcomes  than a predominantly white one.Referring to criticism that the U.S. national security workforce is  white, male and Yale,  Ms. Rice told the graduates,  In the halls of power, in the faces of our national security leaders, America is still not fully reflected. By now, we should all know the dangers of  groupthink,  where folks who are alike often think alike,  she said.  By contrast, groups comprised of different people tend to question one another s assumptions, draw on divergent perspectives and experiences, and yield better outcomes. Her comments were reminiscent of Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who said in a speech in 2001, before Mr. Obama appointed her to the high court,  I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life. Ms. Rice elaborated in her speech on how having more minorities in the national security field would better protect the homeland.Read more: WT",0
20590,What if 20 Million Illegal Aliens Vacated America?,"What if 20 Million Illegal Aliens Vacated America?It s a good question  it deserves an honest answer. Over 80% of Americans demand secured borders and illegal migration stopped. But what would happen if all 20 million or more vacated America? The answers I found may surprise you!In California, if 3.5 million illegal aliens moved back to Mexico, it would leave an extra $10.2 billion to spend on overloaded school systems, bankrupt hospitals and overrun prisons. It would leave highways cleaner, safer and less congested. Everyone could understand one another as English became the dominant language again.In Colorado, 500,000 illegal migrants, plus their 300,000 kids and grandchilds would move back  home,  mostly to Mexico. That would save Colorado an estimated $2 billion (other experts say $7 billion) annually in taxes that pay for schooling, medical, social-services and incarceration costs. It means 12,000 gang members would vanish out of Denver alone.Colorado would save more than $20 million in prison costs, and the terror that those 7,300 alien criminals set upon local citizens. Denver Officer Don Young and hundreds of Colorado victims would not have suffered death, accidents, rapes and other crimes by illegals.Denver Public Schools would not suffer a 67% dropout/flunk rate because of thousands of illegal alien students speaking 41 different languages. At least 200,000 vehicles would vanish from our gridlocked cities in Colorado. Denver s 4% unem ployment rate would vanish as our working poor would gain jobs at a living wage.In Florida, 1.5 million illegals would return the Sunshine State back to America, the rule of law, and English.In Chicago, Illinois, 2.1 million illegals would free up hospitals, schools, prisons and highways for a safer, cleaner and more crime-free experience.If 20 million illegal aliens returned  home,  the U.S. Economy would return to the rule of law. Employers would hire legal American citizens at a living wage. Everyone would pay their fair share of taxes because they wouldn t be working off the books. That would result in an additional $401 billion in IRS income taxes collected annually, and an equal amount for local, state and city coffers.No more push  1  for Spanish or  2  for English. No more confusion in American schools that now must contend with over 100 languages that degrade the educational system for American kids. Our overcrowded schools would lose more than two million illegal alien kids at a cost of billions in ESL and free breakfasts and lunches.We would lose 500,000 illegal criminal alien inmates at a cost of more than $1.6 billion annually. That includes 15,000 MS-13 gang members who distribute $130 billion in drugs annually would vacate our country.In cities like L.A., 20,000 members of the  18th Street Gang  would vanish from our nation. No more Mexican forgery gangs for ID theft from Americans! No more foreign rapists and child molesters!Losing more than 20 million people would clear up our crowded highways and gridlock. Cleaner air and less drinking and driving American deaths by illegal aliens!   Author unknownThis article was sent to us by a 100% FED UP follower. While we cannot verify the facts and figures in this article, we thought it was worth sharing, as the basic premise of how Americans would benefit by 20 million illegals leaving America holds true. Illegal Alien Crimes Committed In U.S.A. Statistics:CIS  ICE continued to release deportable criminal aliens from its custody at an alarming rate in 2015, according to figures the agency provided to members of Congress this week in advance of a hearing taking place Thursday, April 28. In 2015, ICE freed 19,723 criminal aliens, who had a total of 64,197 convictions among them. These included 8,234 violent convictions and 208 homicide convictions. While the total number of releases is lower than the past two years, since the number of arrests has declined quite dramatically, the rate of releases is approximately the same   meaning that this is no progress at all, and certainly will be no consolation for the victims of these criminal aliens.The table below enumerates the criminal convictions associated with the released aliens. The largest number of convictions was for Driving Under the Influence; there were 12,307 alcohol DUI convictions and 354 drug DUI convictions, for a total of 12,661.Convictions for Alien Criminals Released Convictions Number of Convictions Traffic Offense: Driving Under the Influence, Liquor 12,307 Traffic Offense 9,811 Dangerous Drugs 7,986 Larceny 3,535 Immigration 3,064 Obstructing Judiciary/Congress/Legislature,etc. 2,561 General Crimes 2,008 Burglary 1,963 Fraudulent Activities 1,880 Assault 1,728 Public Peace 1,659 Obstructing the Police 1,420 Assault-Domestic Violence 1,347 Weapon Offenses 1,317 Invasion of Privacy 1,012 Assault- Aggravated Assault 921 Assault- Battery 912 Forgery 840 Robbery 804 Stolen Vehicle 782 Family Offenses 763 Stolen Property 761 Sex Offences (not involving Assault or Commercialized Sex) 614 Damage Property 552 Traffic Offense- Hit and Run 394 Liquor 363 Health/Safety 361 Traffic Offenses- Driving Under Influence of Drugs 354 Commercialized Sexual Offenses 352 Sexual Assault 320 Assault- Simple Assault 229 Kidnapping 216 Flight/Escape 214 Threat 134 Homicide 101 Assault- Intimidation 98 Conservation 72 Gambling 56 Embezzlement 50 Arson 41 Tax Revenue 40 Extortion 36 Juvenile Offenders 35 Obscenity 32 Smuggling 28 Homicide- Negligent Manslaughter- Weapon 19 Homicide- Negligent Manslaughter- Vehicle 19 Homicide- Willful Kill- Weapon 19 Homicide- Willful Kill- Gun 18 Bribery 13 Voluntary- Manslaughter 12 Homicide- Willful Kill- Non-family-Gun 9 Homidice- Willful Kill- Non-family- Weapon 4 Traffic Offense- Transporting Dangerous Material 4 Homicide- Willful Kill- Family- Weapon 3 Homicide- Attempt to Commit 2 Homicide- John/Jane Doe- No Warrant 1Total 64,197",0
20591,WHY OBAMA’S LAWSUIT AGAINST NC Is Really About The Jack-Boot Of Government On America’s Throats,"Obama is clearly attempting to strip Americans of our right to express our opinions on social issues based on our religion or morals. Americans have found themselves in a scary place, where we are remaining silent when we know we should be speaking out, because we re afraid of being shamed by the progressive Left. Meanwhile the Left continues to blur the lines of morality, hoping that they will erase all individual thought and speech.In a communist society, the individual s best interests are indistinguishable from the society s best interest. Thus, the idea of an individual freedom is incompatible with a communist ideology. The only reason to hold individual speech and information rights would be to better the society. Some of us care little about the debate over public bathrooms. We do, however, care about the ongoing destruction of federalism, individual choice, and good-faith debate.One reliable way to quash dissent and force moral codes on others is to liken your cause to that of the civil rights fight. Every liberal issue is situated somewhere on the great historical arc of  equality  and  justice.  If a person stands against even one of these causes which were once great but are increasingly trivial they have, according to the cultural imperialists of the Obama administration, aligned themselves with the Klan. Literally.After U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announced that the Department of Justice had filed a federal lawsuit to stop North Carolina from passing a  controversial law this is the go-to characterization of conservative bills that pass with healthy majorities requiring transgender people to use public bathrooms matching their birth certificate, she had this to say:This is not the first time that we have seen discriminatory responses to historic moments of progress for our nation. We saw it in the Jim Crow laws that followed the Emancipation Proclamation; we saw it in the fierce and widespread resistance to Brown v. Board of Education; and we saw it in the proliferation of state bans on same-sex unions that were intended to stifle any hope that gay and lesbian Americans might one day be afforded the right to marry.Likening a spat over biologically segregated boy/girl bathrooms to the genuine, violent, systematic, state-sponsored, society-wide bigotry that took place in this country for a century is both intellectually and morally corrupt. It s not all a continuum. Yet this administration peddles these kinds of risible comparisons in the cause of self-aggrandizement all the time. Hans Fiene has coined it Selma envy.The present situation is significantly different, and in every possible sense less dire. It is the sort of social problem generally worked out amongst people in this country without unelected civil rights commissions punishing business owners for thought crimes. Under North Carolina s law no one was stopping a private company or coffee shop or big box store from having any kind of bathroom set-up they desire. I m pretty sure most voters don t comprehend this fact when they hear the distorted coverage of these laws in the news.North Carolina and other states have preemptively moved forward with these kinds to bills to head off the state redefining gender. Too late. The fact is that the federal government can simply announce that a man can be a woman and vice versa if they choose. It then compels everyone in country to accept this reality. Yet there is no government definition of what transgendered means, other self-identification, which can mean anything.  Civil Rights  Division Chief Vanita Gupta says:  Transgender men are men.   Transgender women are women.  So sayeth Vanita Gupta, so sayeth we all. Or else. And now 300 million people have adhere to the Obama administration s relativistic notions about nature and gender.Now, from what I can gather the central anxiety of many people is not that the transgendered will take advantage of their children, but that any man can simply declare himself a woman, put on a wig, and go into a public bathroom. Maybe it s an irrational fear, maybe it s not. As a father who s had to send young daughters into busy public bathrooms, I know one thing for sure: I could not care less what Vanita Gupta has to say on the topic.In a broader sense, the suit is symbolic of the federal government s eight-year crusade to decimate any semblance of federalism and streamline progressive morality. The administration ignores state laws that conflict with federal policy when it approves and it sues states when it does not. States that pass law enforcement bills President Obama finds unsatisfactory will see the full force of the Justice Department come down on them. Those with drug legalization laws and immigration laws he does like, even if they conflict with federal law, have nothing to worry about. Whether one agrees in theory with these moves and I am liberal on drug legalization and immigration allowing Washington to selectively enforce law conflicts with the kind of republicanism that allows us to be diverse and deal with unique problems locally.For entire story: The Federalist",0
20592,CLASSLESS HILLARY LAUGHS As Person Announcing Her Leaves Out A Very Important Part of The Pledge Of Allegiance [Video],"A CLINTON SUPPORTER AT CAMDEN COMMUNITY COLLEGE introducing Hillary Clinton caught herself when reciting the Pledge of Allegiance   Yes, she left out  Under God  but didn t the Democrat party vote to leave God out of the convention platform in 2012? ",0
20593,LONDON’S NEW MUSLIM MAYOR Threatens Trump: Allow Muslims Into U.S. Or They Will Attack America,"How very moderate and tolerant of Sadiq Khan, to make one of his first acts as London s new Mayor to threaten the United States. Perhaps someone will explain to London s new Muslim Mayor that after 8 long years of being kicked around, America s about to elect a new leader who won t be entertaining threats or opinions of local Mayor s in foreign countries. A poll in April found that two-thirds of British Muslims would not tell the government if a friend or family member became involved with extremists.The new Muslim mayor of London has issued a warning to Donald Trump: Moderate your stance on Muslims, or they will launch more attacks against America.Trump recently praised Sadiq Khan for winning London s mayoral race, and said he would be willing to create an exception in his policy restricting Muslim entry into the United States in order to allow Khan to visit. But in a statement Tuesday, Khan dismissed Trump s invitation, and also denounced his views on Islam as  ignorant,  suggesting Trump s policies would increase the terrorist threat in both the U.S. and U.K. Donald Trump s ignorant view of Islam could make both of our countries less safe   it risks alienating mainstream Muslims around the world and plays into the hands of extremists,  he said.  Donald Trump and those around him think that Western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam   London has proved him wrong.   For entire story: Daily Caller ",0
20594,“MODERATE” MUSLIMS GATHER AROUND To Watch New Way ISIS Will Publicly Slaughter Infidels,"Does anyone else notice there are never a shortage of moderate Muslims watching these heinous acts committed by ISIS against the infidel? As soon as Obama gets back from campaigning around the world for his next job as UN Secretary General, and from fighting his dangerous war on global climate change, he should probably focus on the growing threat of radical Islam Images have emerged of a heavily-built executioner ramming a knife through the chest of a man deemed to have committed  crimes against the caliphate .The victim, named by news agency ABNA as Abdulhadi Essa al-Salem, was stabbed in the heart before being shot in the head in the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa, Syria.Shocking photos, posted on Twitter by Syrian activist group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently, show the victim then being crucified in public. Via: Express UK ",0
20595,COMMANDER IN CHIEF APPROVED RACISM? U.S. Military Makes SHOCKING Disciplinary Decision For 16 Black West Point Cadets,"Do we even need to ask how 16 white West Point cadets posing in uniform, with a white power fist before graduation would have been resolved? Never mind the media circus it would have created Sixteen black West Point cadets who posed with raised fists for a pre-graduation picture that sparked debates on race and proper behavior in uniform won t be punished for the gesture, the U.S. Military Academy said Tuesday.The decision, less than two weeks before the 16 female seniors are poised to graduate, found they didn t violate any U.S. Department of Defense rules limiting political activity.An internal inquiry  found that the cadets did not pre-plan or set out to make a political statement,  West Point s superintendent, Lt. Gen. Robert Caslen Jr., said in a letter to the student body.But, he said, they showed  a lapse of awareness in how symbols and gestures can be misinterpreted and cause division  and they will get some instruction on that.The fists-up image, which circulated online, led some observers to question whether the women were expressing support for the Black Lives Matter movement, which grew out of protests over police killings of unarmed black men.But the inquiry found the picture, one of multiple photos the women made in keeping with an informal campus tradition, captured a spur-of-the-moment gesture intended to demonstrate unity and pride in graduating, Caslen wrote. Groups of cadets often take Old Corps pictures in traditional dress uniforms to echo historical portraits.A raised fist has symbolized political resistance for generations, from Nelson Mandela upon his release from prison in 1990 to Democratic Vermont U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders on the presidential campaign trail this year. It was used by black power advocates in the 1960s, including by two American sprinters during a medal ceremony at the 1968 Mexico City Olympic Games, and more recently by activists for the Black Lives Matter movement.Some observers suggested the women were improperly identifying with the movement while in uniform.Defenders said the women were simply celebrating their forthcoming graduation, something closer in spirit to a team lifting helmets to celebrate a win or Beyonce raising her fist at this year s Super Bowl halftime show. Via: Yahoo h/t WZ",0
20596,STATE DEPARTMENT COVERUP: Reporter Questions Missing Video Potentially Showing Iran Deal Deception Was a ‘Glitch’,The deception was really a  Glitch Sure! ,0
20597,FORMER MEXICAN PREZ Sends “Middle Finger” To TRUMP Days Before “Apology”: “Don’t play around with us…We can jump walls…We can swim rivers…And we can defend ourselves”,"Wow these sound exactly like the type of people we want living next door to us. It s not so hard to see why so many Americans are enthusiastic about Trump s promise to build the wall BUILD THE WALL!The Huffington Post has published a photograph (above) of former Mexican president Vicente Fox giving Donald Trump the finger, taken a day before Fox apologized to Trump in an interview with Breitbart News.The photograph was originally shared on social media by Ben Mathis, host of the KickAss Politics podcast, which interviewed Fox last Tuesday. Breitbart News interviewed Fox the following day in Santa Monica, California.Mathis posted the photograph with the message:  Vicente Fox & I have a message for Donald Trump. Listen to a preview of his most controversial interview yet, recorded just one day before his apology to Trump aired on Breitbart. On Twitter, KickAss politics teased the interview as Fox  responding  to Trump   though the two had already responded to each other, with Fox apologizing via Breitbart and Trump accepting the apology the following day.KickAss politics also added the  NeverTrump  hashtag.In most controversial interview yet @VicenteFoxQue responds to @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/9AYIuVmJoo #NeverTrump pic.twitter.com/jFRkw5o8I7  Kickass News (@KickassNewsPod) May 9, 2016According to Huffington Post overnight editor Ed Mazza, Fox told Mathis that Trump is an  ugly American  and  hated gringo,  and reiterated that he would not pay for the  fucking wall  on the border, adding:  And please don t take out the  fucking  full word. Mazza adds:In the Kickass Politics conversation, Fox was anything but apologetic. He called the presumptive Republican presidential nominee  crazy  and a  false prophet,  and compared him to Latin American demagogues who  destroy economies.  He also said some of Trump s proposals could lead to war. Don t play around with us,  Fox said.  We can jump walls. We can swim rivers. And we can defend ourselves. The following day, Fox told Breitbart:  I apologize. Forgiveness is one of the greatest qualities that human beings have, is the quality of a compassionate leader. You have to be humble. You have to be compassionate. You have to love thy neighbor. Update: The Huffington Post has attached its mandatory disclaimer on all Trump stories:Editor s note: Donald Trump regularly incites political violence and is a serial liar, rampant xenophobe, racist, misogynist and birther who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims   1.6 billion members of an entire religion   from entering the U.S.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
20598,DISGRACE: OBAMA Regime Caught WASTING $25 Million US Tax Dollars On Phony CLIMATE CHANGE In Country Where Citizens Are Starving [VIDEO],"It is truly a shame that our nation has $25 MILLION dollars to waste on phony climate change.  That money could  have gone a long way in helping children and adults who are suffering and dying of malnourishment. This President and the Democrats who support his phony war on climate change should be ashamed of themselves. A $25 million U.S.-funded project to help Guatemala combat global warming is being slammed as another taxpayer-backed boondoggle after a new audit highlighted a series of problems   including numerous inaccuracies in the group s work and a failure to produce a required long-term plan.Without the plan, the government audit warned,  the funds   could be wasted. The grant for the Climate, Nature and Communities in Guatemala Program was awarded to the nonprofit Rainforest Alliance in February 2013 by the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) as part of a broader effort to fight climate change abroad.Meanwhile, Guatemala is ranked as the 7th poorest nation in the world. Parentless children like Elvin USAID s Office of Inspector General, which issued the audit last month, said the program was set up to help organizations and small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in Guatemala improve climate-change strategies and strengthen local NGOs so the country s environment could be conserved without future U.S. assistance. The report noted that as of February 2015, $10.5 million had been disbursed so far.The audit acknowledged the program was making  some progress,  but it also alleged a laundry list of violations   including that the reported results were not accurate.The watchdog reported that data-testing revealed 22 errors in the accounting of whether the program was on track.One example given was that the Rainforest Alliance reported 162,356 hectares of land now devoted to timber and nontimber products such as cacao and honey. But a review found the group had counted the same hectares multiple times.The Rainforest Alliance also reported it had created 30,149 part-time and permanent jobs  generated through new sustainable, productive activities undertaken by program-assisted community-based organizations and SMEs.  However, the audit found 23,936 of those  jobs  may have lasted no more than a day.The audit also found that a required comprehensive  sustainability plan  on how the program will continue after USAID s assistance ends was not completed, despite it being required and the project having been underway for two years. Without a sustainability plan, the funds used to help the Guatemalan Government and other partners manage the country s natural resources to mitigate the harmful effects of climate change could be wasted,  the report said.The report was first flagged by Judicial Watch, a conservative watchdog group which called the project an  egregious waste of taxpayer dollars  and  par for the course with virtually all of the Obama administration s  green  ventures, which have largely failed after getting hundreds of millions in federal funds. Among other violations, the audit also found that while the Rainforest Alliance was supposed to contribute at least $3.75 million as a form of cost-sharing, the $1.79 million it reported as having contributed by December 2014 included $26,708 of U.S. funds it received under a separate project.The auditors also found that participants didn t undergo background checks, breaking a government funding rule that background checks must be performed on anyone seeking to participate in USAID-sponsored training.   FOX NewsIf you d like to help one or more of these malnourished children in Guatemala, click HERE to donate.",0
20599,BREAKING: FLINT’S DEMOCRAT MAYOR SUED After Whistleblower Rats Her Out For STEALING DONATIONS Meant For Residents,"Democrats looking for attention and along with every celebrity who has been able to find their way to the burned out city of Flint, MI have all jumped on the  It s all Michigan s Republican Governor Snyder s fault  bandwagon. In reality, there has been plenty of blame to go around. Obama s EPA Director, Gina McCarthy has plenty of culpability when it comes to the involvement of her EPA officials and the cover up of the Flint water crisis. In the end however, it s never about the people of Flint, it s about saving the hides of the inept political officials who allowed this crisis to happen. Flint Lives really don t Matter to greedy politicians like Hillary Clinton, who have used the horrible misfortune of Flint residents to gain trust and votes in the black community.Will anyone remember Hillary s support for black Democrat Mayor Karen Weaver, who is now being accused of STEALING money from charitable donations (that should have been used to support the people who are suffering in the community where she was elected) and putting it into her own campaign fund?The Flint water crisis has triggered yet another lawsuit, this one filed by the city s former administrator, who claims she was wrongfully fired for blowing the whistle on the mayor of Flint for allegedly trying to steer money from a charity for local families into a campaign fund.Former City Administrator Natasha Henderson, 39, who now lives in Muskegon, claims in a lawsuit filed today in U.S. District Court that she was terminated on Feb. 12 for seeking an investigation into allegations of misconduct by Flint Mayor Karen Weaver.Specifically, the suit alleges that Weaver directed a city employee and volunteer to steer donors away from a charity called Safe Water/Safe Homes, and instead give money to the so-called  Karenabout Flint  fund, which was a political action committee or campaign fund created at Weaver s direction.According to the lawsuit, a city employee told Henderson in confidence that she and a volunteer had previously been directing donors to the City of Flint s website, where they could give money to the Safe Water/Safe Homes charity, which helped families affected by the water crisis. But Weaver directed them to steer donors to the  Karenabout Flint  website, which the city council had not approved, the suit claims. A red flag went off when it was an unrecognizable fund,  Henderson s lawyer, Katherine Smith Kennedy, told the Free Press.  She did the right thing. She reported the matter to the city attorney. And for doing the right thing, she was punished. She was fired. The lawsuit names the City of Flint and Weaver as defendants.For entire story: Detroit Free Press",0
20600,WHOA! ROCK LEGEND Roger Daltrey Rips EU For “Raping” Southern European Countries With IMMIGRATION Nightmare,"WHO knew legendary rocker Roger Daltrey was such a patriotic guy? The Who s lead singer, Roger Daltrey feels very strongly about what s happening with the dysfunctional EU and he s making sure everyone knows how he feels about  the leaders who ve pushed immigration at the peril of the citizens.Roger Daltrey wants Britain to quit the  undemocratic, highly dysfunctional  EU which he claims is  raping  southern European countries.The Who frontman backed Brexit in an exclusive interview with The Sun, labelling our membership a  disaster .The legendary rocker said:  The only way we re going to get the Europe that we want is to get rid of this bunch of f***ing useless w***ers that are running it. He said it was  set up by a bunch of crooks , adding:  It s like these things on the internet where they tell you to read the conditions   no one s going to bloody read the conditions! But that s how they did this, we all thought we were voting for a common trade area. Blasting the impact on our own sovereignty he said:  What it s done to our Parliament is put them down to level of Parish Council. Hitting out at the unnecessary layers of Government it has created, he added:  Because there are so many politicians we get so much useless f***ing law. Attacking the way the EU has impacted on people s lives, he said:  That s the biggest issue for me, it s undemocratic, highly dysfunctional, I mean you name me one area of Europe that s functioning really well at the moment. They talk about the immigration thing being the number one issue and I think it is a big issue for our country because we are an island. But no one talks about the other side of that immigration issue   which is the fact that all those southern European countries have been robbed of their youth, the countries have been raped. Their youth have had to leave to get work, so how are they going to rebuild their futures? Read more: The SunWill anyone ever forget the passionate performance   Roger Daltrey gave in NYC at the Garden to show his support for America right after 9/11? His legendary band played for the first responders. Here s a clip from the 9/11 show just in case you didn t see it: PART ONE: ",0
20601,"HYPOCRISY: PAUL RYAN SENDS HIS KIDS TO Private School That Screens Out Muslims, But Demands We Welcome Hundreds Of Thousands Of Muslims To America","Open borders Ryan might be in for a shock when his GOP competitor, businessman Paul Nehlen gives him a run for his money in what should have been a  safe seat  for him in November.  After the Paris terrorist attack, House Speaker Paul Ryan declared that the United States cannot turn away the hundreds of thousands of Islamist migrants now being approved for visas to enter the United States. Ryan declared that it is not  appropriate  to consider the religious attitudes of would-be migrants seeking admission.After the San Bernardino terrorist attack, Ryan echoed President Obama in condemning what was described as Donald Trump s  religious test.  However, a Breitbart News investigation now reveals that while Paul Ryan wants no  religious test  for who gets admitted into America, Ryan sends his children to a private school that uses a  religious test  in its admissions process.Ryan sends his children to a Catholic school connected to the parish where he was an altar boy as a child.Breitbart News reached out to the school as a perspective applicant and obtained a copy of the school s 2015-2016 registration papers and tuition contract. The document inquires specifically into the applicant s religious background   in particular, it asks whether the applicant is a parishioner at the associated Catholic parish. The school recruits through the parish by offering a tuition discount to those who have been baptized and are members of the parish.The registration form defines what qualifies as a parishioner:A  parishioner  as defined for the purposes of this contract and the attached Addendums is a person who:Is officially registered at  [this] Catholic Parish Has had their children baptized; Fulfills the Sunday Mass obligation and other Holy Days of Obligation; Offers consistent financial support (whether weekly, monthly, quarterly, or annually) through the church offertory envelopes or direct deposit for a minimum of $800 per calendar year; Volunteers service to the parish; and Participates in parish ministries when asked, or if they feel called to share their talent of time. Instead of doing an explicit ban on Muslim students, Ryan s school applies a religious tax on non-parishioner students   thereby creating a two-tiered system for students and their families depending upon whether or not they are parishioners. The registration form explains that  the cost to educate a child at [this] School for the 2015-2016 school year is $4,673.00.  The school charges non-parishioner families a rate that is higher than the cost of educating the child:  For families who do not have at least one parent or guardian who is a parishioner, a minimum of 4,900 tuition per child will be expected. By contrast, parishioners pay less than the cost to educate one child   paying only  a minimum of $1900.00 tuition per child  plus an additional parish contribution of $800   i.e. a total of $2,200 less per year than what is owed by non-parishioners. Parishioners even receive the recruitment incentive of free pre-kindergarten.By signing the contract, parents agree that the tuition they pay  is considered an investment in the Catholic education of my child. As the registration forms explain, the school exists for the express purpose of helping to foster Catholic children:[This] school is a Catholic School established and subsidized by the members of [this] Parish, Janesville, Wisconsin for the purpose of assisting Catholic parents in fulfilling the responsibility to raise their children in the Catholic faith.Therefore, as the school s website explains, the  school primarily serves children of parish families  and non-parishioner families are welcome  as space allows. While Muslim students could presumably get into Ryan s school, the school s reliance on the parish as a recruiting center and the above-cost tuition fees would, by definition, function as a mechanism for screening them out. When Breitbart News spoke to a school representative about the school s religious diversity, the representative said that no student currently enrolled wears a headscarf, even as Paul Ryan s migration policies increasingly introduce this new element into other families  schools.Moreover, in addition to the school s religious tax in the form of higher tuition for non-parishioner students, the school also requires a certain degree of assimilation from its non-Catholic students: namely, if a non-Catholic student is admitted, she must participate in the school s religious functions, which include regular faith-based courses.If the U.S. had an immigration policy that resembled the admission policy of Speaker Ryan s school   i.e. it recruited migrants from churches and synagogues overseas and offered discounted migration to people who attended churches and synagogues   although a Muslim migrant could theoretically get in, the effect would be to substantially reduce Muslim migration and increase Christian and Jewish migration relative to it   a policy which Ryan finds reprehensible for the country, but ideal for his kids  school.While Ryan chooses to insulate his children in an academic environment that considers religion in its admissions process, he has been adamant that the American people are not entitled to be similarly selective about who comes into their country to live as their neighbors, receive their tax dollars, fill public university slots, demand affirmative action, or potentially radicalize against their own country.Days ago, Speaker Ryan even announced that he could not yet support Donald Trump against Hillary Clinton, after Trump became the presumptive GOP nominee selected by Republican voters. Several candidates   Lindsey Graham, Jeb Bush, John Kasich, and Marco Rubio   all ran on Ryan s platform and lost by immense margins. Similarly, Mitt Romney also ran on the Ryan platform and lost in a landslide, as did Eric Cantor in his own Congressional District.Reports have previously noted that one of Ryan s central disagreements with Trump stems from Trump s pledge to enact a temporary pause on Muslim migration   a policy Speaker Ryan publicly denounced even though, according to exit polling data, seven in ten GOP Wisconsin voters support Trump s plan.Trump s proposal  is not what this party stands for. And more importantly, it s not what this country stands for,  Ryan said in December.In the next eight months, the U.S. will issue more visas to Muslim migrants than the number of GOP voters in Ryan s district.Yet, not only does Ryan oppose the temporary migration pause, he has pushed to expand Muslim migration. Ryan has a two-decade long history to pushing to expand immigration rates and has championed legislation that expanded Muslim migration. Last December, Ryan ushered his omnibus spending bill through Congress, which funded visa issuances for nearly 300,000 Muslim migrants, temporary and permanent, over a 12-month time span.In an interview with Sean Hannity in November, Ryan said that he does not support any kind of  religious test  for determining who is admitted entrance into the country   even if the would-be migrants believe that  women can t drive [and] can t be seen in public without a male relative. I don t think a religious test is appropriate. That s not who we are,  Ryan said.  I don t think it s the appropriate test. However, as Andrew McCarthy has previously explained, the U.S. law does, in fact, require a religious test when it comes to making considerations about visa issuances.Ryan grounded his attack of Trump s plan to pause the admission of Muslim foreign citizens on the first amendment right of U.S. citizens.  Freedom of religion is a fundamental Constitutional principle. It s a founding principle of this country,  Ryan said.However, as Sen. Jeff Sessions has explained   contrary to a previous declaration Ryan has made   the role of a U.S. lawmaker is to represent U.S. citizens, not foreign nationals living in foreign countries. As such, Sen. Sessions explains that our first amendment protections extend to U.S. citizens, and not to foreign would-be migrants all around the globe. In his remarks arguing against an amendment offered by Sen. Patrick Leahy and supported by Senate Democrats that would move towards creating a global right to migrate, Sessions said:There are 7 billion people in the world. Choosing who can immigrate into the United States is, by definition, an exclusionary process. The goal is to select immigrants for admission based on the benefits they provide to society  In the United States, we have protections against discrimination by religion, age, disability, country of origin, etc. We have freedom of association. Rights of due process. Now imagine extending these as part of our immigration system. The logical extension of this concept results in a legal regime in which the United States cannot deny an alien admission to the United States based upon age, health, skill, family criminal history, country of origin, and so forth  If we say it is improper to consider religion, then that means it is improper for a consular official to even ask about a candidate s religious beliefs when trying to screen an applicant for entry. It would mean that even asking questions of a fianc  seeking a visa about his or her views on any religious matter   say on the idea of pluralism vs. religious supremacy   would be improper, because if it is improper to favor or disfavor a religion, it is improper to favor or disfavor any interpretation of a religion  Are we really prepared to disallow, in the consideration of tens of millions of applications for entry to the United States, any questions about religious views and attitudes? A U.S.-born citizen who subscribes to theocratic Islam has a freedom of speech that allows him to give a sermon denouncing the U.S. constitution or demanding it be changed. But  [by extending these protections to foreign nationals] a foreign religious leader living overseas could demand a tourist visa to deliver that same sermon and claim religious discrimination if it is not approved.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
20602,Employees Say FACEBOOK IS SUPPRESSING CONSERVATIVE NEWS…Pushing Black Lives Matter…Artificially Ordering “Trending News”,"We know firsthand what it feels like to be a  victim  of Facebook. Four years ago, we started making a lot of noise about the illegal immigrants crossing our borders. The number of people interacting with our page went from 32 MILLION to 3 million during within a year. The number of  likes  on our page had almost doubled, but the activity levels on our Facebook page had dropped over 90%. We hadn t changed a thing that we were doing during that one year span, we were just no longer showing up in the Facebook newsfeed. We still struggle with the same issue today. Even though we pay to advertise on Facebook, we only show up in the newsfeed between 2-6 times per week. Even after our readers have checked the box to see our stories  first  in their newsfeed on Facebook, they complain we are never there and that they have to physically visit our page in order to see what we re posting. Hmmm On Feb 8, 2013, Breitbart News did a story about Facebook unfairly suspending one of the two mom administrator s on our page:Anonymous sources at Facebook s news team have confirmed to Gizmodo that, in addition to suppressing conservative news sources, the company suppresses stories about itself while artificially promoting stories about the Black Lives Matter movement.This is the latest in the story of Facebook s politically biased  trending  section, which we initially reported on last week. The anonymous source told Gizmodo that stories from conservative news sources like Breitbart were regularly suppressed by the company.New details emerged today, with the anonymous employee revealing to Gizmodo that stories about Mitt Romney, Rand Paul, CPAC, and other conservative topics were prevented from reaching Facebook s  trending  category. Furthermore, stories about progressive movements like Black Lives Matter were artificially promoted by the company.According to Gizmodo, the source kept a list of stories that were  deep sixed,  or prevented from trending on Facebook. They include a laundry list of topics of interest to conservatives.Among the deep-sixed or suppressed topics on the list: former IRS official Lois Lerner, who was accused by Republicans of inappropriately scrutinizing conservative groups; Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker; popular conservative news aggregator the Drudge Report; Chris Kyle, the former Navy SEAL who was murdered in 2013; and former Fox News contributor Steven Crowder.Gizmodo explains that, far from reflecting the interests of the social network s users, the site s  trending  list instead reflects the biases of its news team.In other words, Facebook s news section operates like a traditional newsroom, reflecting the biases of its workers and the institutional imperatives of the corporation. Imposing human editorial values onto the lists of topics an algorithm spits out is by no means a bad thing but it is in stark contrast to the company s claims that the trending module simply lists  topics that have recently become popular on Facebook. In other words, Facebook s role in the dissemination of news is beginning to resemble that of the Old Media gatekeepers the company initially claimed to be  disrupting.  Like MSNBC or CNN, Facebook is going to feed its users information from the top down, mediated by its employees  own political prejudices   just as I predicted it would last month.In addition to suppressing stories, Gizmodo s sources also confirmed that they were also directed to  inject  certain stories into the trending list even if they weren t popular enough to warrant inclusion. Unsurprisingly, these included stories about Black Lives Matter, a movement that Mark Zuckerberg has personally defended from internal critics at the company.Facebook got a lot of pressure about not having a trending topic for Black Lives Matter,  the individual said.  They realized it was a problem, and they boosted it in the ordering. They gave it preference over other topics. When we injected it, everyone started saying,  Yeah, now I m seeing it as number one .  This particular injection is especially noteworthy because the #BlackLivesMatter movement originated on Facebook, and the ensuing media coverage of the movement often noted its powerful social media presence.The company also instructs its curators to avoid promoting stories about Facebook itself   a useful barrier against articles that could make the company look bad. When it was a story about the company, we were told not to touch it,  said one former curator.  It had to be cleared through several channels, even if it was being shared quite a bit. We were told that we should not be putting it on the trending tool. Something tells me this article won t be appearing on Facebook s trending list anytime soon.Despite Facebook curators actively suppressing articles from Breitbart News, it is still the 15th largest publisher in the world for Facebook engagement, #12 in the world for Facebook shares of its stories, and #10 in the world for Facebook comments. It begs the question how much bigger Breitbart News  reach would be if Facebook employees were not intentionally holding back Breitbart s exposure on the social media platform.Breitbart News issued an official statement in reaction to these latest revelations:Breitbart News has remained in the top 25 Facebook publishers for six months in a row, despite the new reports confirming what conservatives have long suspected: Facebook s trending news artificially mutes conservatives and amplifies progressives.Facebook claims its algorithm simply populates  topics that have recently become popular on Facebook  in its trending news section, but now we know that s not true.In a spirit of transparency and community, we invite Mark Zuckerberg to do a Facebook Live interview with Breitbart News Tech Editor Milo Yiannopoulos to explain to the tens of millions of conservatives on Facebook why they re being discriminated against.Breitbart Tech has long warned that despite their outward commitments to political neutrality, hyper-progressive Silicon Valley companies like Facebook would inevitably imprint their own biases on the flow of information. It seems those warnings were not amiss.Via: Breitbart News",0
20603,JUDGE RULES: Obama White House Showed ‘Bad Faith’ In Global-Warming Case,"A judge just told us all what we ve known for 7 years the Obama administration lies like a rug to cover up or to further their agenda. This is the third time a judge has slapped down the Obama White House for their  lack of transparency liars all! The funny thing is that the judge said he s  troubled  by all this lying and  misleading the court yes, we are too ;0The White House showed  bad faith  in how it handled an open-records request for global warming data, a federal court ruled Monday, issuing yet another stinging rebuke to the administration for showing a lack of transparency.For President Obama, who vowed to run the most transparent government in U.S. history, Judge Amit P. Mehta s ruling granting legal  discovery  in an open-records case   the third time this year a judge has ordered discovery   is an embarrassing black eye.In this most recent case, the Competitive Enterprise Institute was trying to force the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy to release documents backing up Director John C. Holdren s finding that global warming was making winters colder   a claim disputed by climate scientists. Mr. Holdren s staffers first claimed they couldn t find many documents, then tried to hide their release, saying they were all internal or were similar to what was already public.But each of those claims turned out not to be true. At some point, the government s inconsistent representations about the scope and completeness of its searches must give way to the truth-seeking function of the adversarial process, including the tools available through discovery. This case has crossed that threshold,  the judge wrote.Discovery is considered exceedingly rare in Freedom of Information Act cases, because the government is given the benefit of the doubt in claiming it tried to search for and release documents. But in three cases so far this year, judges have said called the Obama administration s efforts into question, finding severe oversights that suggest  bad faith. Both of the other cases involve the State Department s handling of former Secretary Hillary Clinton s emails.In the OSTP case, conservative activists were trying to get a look at how the agency director, John P. Holdren came to the conclusion that global warming was causing more severe winters   a finding that scientists generally dispute.The OSTP repeatedly botched its efforts to search for and produce the chain of work for Mr. Holdren s conclusions. Initially the office said it found just 11 pages of documents, none of which included drafts of the director s final conclusions. Later, the office admitted it found 47 pages of drafts, but tried to withhold them, claiming they were protected from release because they were only seen within the administration. Both of those impressions turned out to be mistaken,  Judge Mehta said.OSTP then said there were 52 total pages of drafts, only one person outside the administration saw a draft and that document was similar to what the OSTP had already produced. All three of those impressions also turned out to be mistaken,  Judge Mehta wrote, adding in a footnote that he was  troubled  by the government s statements that misled the court.Read more: WT",0
20604,WHOA! West Virginia Coal Miners Just Made Powerful VIDEO To Make Sure Hillary Is NOT America’s Next President,"The economic devastation is very real in West Virginia. Obama promised to shut down the coal industry as one of his bold campaign promises in 2008. Hillary s plan is to keep the dream of shutting down the coal industry alive long after Obama is out of office. Coal miners are taking and stand and letting America know they are not going to sit back and watch their livelihoods and towns destroyed by a radical leftist President. Watch here:https://youtu.be/Gbj5WwwEkJw Let s put it this way. Hillary Clinton says she s going to shut you down. Bernie Sanders says the same thing. Then you got Donald Trump saying we re going to put you back to work, we re going to save your jobs. I mean, that means a whole lot to us. Whether it s true or not, the man is the first one who says we re going to put you back to work. So I m going to support him. I mean if he goes back on his word, we got another election if four years, we ll vote him out. West Virginia Coal Association VP speaks out against Hillary here: ",0
20605,BLACK FEMALE RAPPER Endorses Trump: “Black Folks Have Been Voting Democrat For Last 70 Years And We Don’t Have Shit To Show For It…Hillary Treats Us Like ‘PETS'”,"We may not agree with MOST of what rapper Azalea Banks has to say, but she is a fierce defender of free speech and as such, has come out with a flurry of in-your-face tweets to the black, typically Democrat voters, announcing her supporting Donald Trump. Donald Trump can add another member of Hollywood to his list of supporters.Azalea Banks offered her support for Donald Trump in a series of tweets that started out with,  I REALLY want Donald Trump to win the election. She went on to say  Trump just wants the U.S. to be lavish for all of us.  Her tweet seems to suggest that Trump wants everyone to have the opportunity to prosper in America. She followed it up by saying,  Hillary talks to black people as if we re children or pets. i can t stand herrrrr. When her followers called her out, suggesting Trump was a  racist  and  symbol of hatred,  Banks replied:Banks defends her right to her opinion against angry Twitter followers over her endorsement of Trump: It wasn t that long ago Azealia Banks called for the gang rape of Sarah Palin. We re not so sure her endorsement is one that Donald Trump will embrace. ",0
20606,"MEGA POP STAR ADELE Says Racist, Black Panther Poster Girl, Beyonce Is “Jesus Christ” [VIDEO]","Wake up world! There is a movement by the Left to remove God from our lives. When one of the most popular and beloved stars in the world start referring to Beyonce as  Jesus Christ  maybe it s time to start paying attention to the  celebrities  your kids are listening to or paying to see in concert.  Some might call the suggestion that Beyonce and her racist husband Jay Z have ties to the illuminati and Satan worship movement  over-the-top,  while many may see some cause for concern over allowing their children to support these trashy celebrities. And we haven t even touched upon her most recent Super Bowl appearance where Beyonce, dressed in Black Panther militant attire debuted the racist, cop-bashing song from her new album.Pop singer Adele made some amazing and blasphemous comments while performing at the Forum in Copenhagen, Denmark on Tuesday as she stopped mid-show to give a shout-out to Beyonce.  Beyonc  is the most inspiring person I ve ever had the pleasure of worshipping,  she wrote.  Her talent, beauty, grace and work ethic are all in a league of their own. I appreciate you so much! Thank god for Beyonc  X. Ye shall make you no idols nor graven image, neither rear you up a standing image, neither shall ye set up any image of stone in your land, to bow down unto it: for I am the LORD your God.  Leviticus 26:1 (KJV)Adele went on to refer to Beyonce as  Jesus Christ , but only after inserting one of the foulest  expletives deleted  you could possibly imagine in the middle of the Lord s Name. Nice to know what Adele thinks of the same Jesus that lets her breathe His air, and allows her to wake up every day.Before her concert, Adele posted a photo to Instagram showing her hugging a poster of Beyonc , and wrote that she was  speechless,  presumably over the singer s latest album.Beyonce freely admits being possessed by a spirit she calls Sasha Fierce, and has mentioned her time and again in interviews over the span of multiple years. Watch the video below for a graphic look at the demonic spirits that guide Beyonce and her  golden  career.You be the judge:This is the type of Godless trash that your kids are exposed to each and every day of their lives. You can t stop them from listening to it when they are outside your home, but you can use it as an opportunity to teach your kids what blasphemy is, and why they should never do it.Adele got it right, though, when she said  thank god for Beyonce  referring to the  little g  god of this world, otherwise known as Satan. It is he that brings you the adoring crowds, the cheering fans, the drugs, booze, sex and the incredible riches you now enjoy so much.Via: NowTheEndBeginsBesides being a racist, her godless side and her attraction to our godless President all makes sense: ",0
20607,Swedish Mother KICKS Daughter Out Of Her Room To House Refugee…Refugee Promptly Sexually Assaults 10 Year Old Daughter,"A tale of a mother and the dangerous religion of progressivism Putting her radical liberal ideology before the safety and well-being of her own children A Swedish mother decided it would be a good idea to open up her home to a male refugee from Eritrea, and so she kicked her daughter out of her room to make space. That refugee then decided to sexually assault her 10-year-old daughter.In the summer of 2015, a mother of three children in Sweden brought two third world asylum seekers into her home. To make space, she decided to move her daughter Emma into her own room.On the eve of Aug. 18, 2015, Emma awoke to find Isaac squeezing her chest. She suffered breast pain after the incident and didn t want to tell anyone, as she was afraid her mother would get in trouble. Emma couldn t even look at Isaac because  he looked scary to her. The story came out after Emma finally told a friend of hers, and eventually after several people became aware of the situation, Isaac was confronted.He protested he would never sexually assault Emma, since he has a girlfriend back in Eritrea. But after further questioning, he finally admitted to groping Emma s breasts. When the police questioned him, Isaac changed his testimony and denied he had ever touched her.Isaac meanwhile maintains he s only 15, since he started school in Eritrea when he was 10 and then went to school for an additional seven years. He finished school two years ago, which according to him, makes him only 15.The Lund District Court finds this sort of calculation bizarre, but the judge has decided to move forward with the case under the assumption that he is, in fact, just 15. The judge sentenced Isaac on Friday based on the charge of juvenile sexual assault, which means he ll be sent to counseling.In the counseling process, he ll apparently learn to control his impulses and process through past experiences in his life that may have caused him to act out the way he did.Meanwhile, Emma s brother says he s never seen his sister so distraught. She cries often, even though according to her brother, she s very strong.Yet, despite what Isaac did, he ll be able to stay in Sweden.Via: Daily Caller ",0
20608,MUSLIMS Are Not Going To Like Announcement By America’s First Muslim Miss U.S.A. [VIDEO],"Will the Muslim community still embrace the first Muslim Miss U.S.A. following her recent conversion? Rima Fakih is believed to be the first Muslim to win the title of Miss USA when she was crowned the winner in 2010.Now, the beauty pageant winner has converted to Christianity, recently sharing a verse from Philippians on Twitter.Philippians 4:13 I can do all things through him who strengthens me pic.twitter.com/RSTZ9IJD3Z  Rima Fakih (@RimaFakih) March 30, 2016Fakih converted to Christianity last month in preparation for her marriage in Lebanon next week to Wassim Salibi, a wealthy Christian music producer, Christian Today reports.At the time of winning the Miss USA title, Fakih said,  I d like to say I m American first, and I am an Arab-American, I am Lebanese-American, and I am Muslim-American. According to the news site Albawaba, Fakih only connected to her Muslim roots in college. When I went to the University of Michigan, because there s more of a Muslim community, my dad wanted me to learn more about Islam,  she said.  I didn t know much about Ramadan and other holidays, and my dad wanted me to take that opportunity and learn. After winning Miss America, Fakih was involved in some controversy when photos surfaced of her participating in a radio station s  Stripper 101  contest. She was also convicted of drunk driving in 2012. Even so, the Muslim community still supported her. But will they support her now considering her recent conversion to Christianity? Via: Fox News",0
20609,“I Think My Dog’s A Democrat” [VIDEO],A MUST watch video!https://youtu.be/-5Z-jJ2Z4bU,0
20610,PRO-HILLARY SAUDI PRINCE JUST Gave Americans A Great Reason To Vote For Trump,"It wasn t a direct endorsement of Trump, but when American voters see why Turki al-Faisal is speaking out against Trump, after donating to Hillary s crooked  charitable  foundation, it will make you want to vote for him.A Saudi prince has urged Americans not to vote for Donald Trump in the upcoming general election.Turki al-Faisal, who served as Saudia Arabia s ambassador to the US from 2005 to 2007, spoke against the presumptive Republican nominee during a foreign policy dinner in Washington, DC on Thursday.As Of September 30, 2015, Turki Al Faisal Al Saud Has Donated Between $100,001 And $250,000 To The Clinton Foundation, Including A New Donation In The Third Quarter Of 2015. (Clinton Foundation, Accessed 10/29/15)He blasted Trump s proposal to ban Muslims from entering the US, which the billionaire first formulated in December last year before renewing his vow on Wednesday. For the life of me, I cannot believe that a country like the United States can afford to have someone as president who simply says,  These people are not going to be allowed to come to the United States,  Turki said according to the Huffington Post. It s up to you, it s not up to me,  Turki added.  I just hope you, as American citizens, will make the right choice in November. Turki, who went to Georgetown University in Washington, DC, isn t currently part of Saudia Arabia s government but serves as the chairman of the King Faisal Center for Research and Islamic Studies, a cultural organization that conducts research in politics, sociology and heritage.",0
20611,OOPS! HECKLERS FORCE HILLARY OFF Stage In LA After Only One Minute [VIDEO],"Karma s a bitch or is it the other way around? LA doesn't seem to like Hillary Clinton..her campaign rally today lasted less than a minute. This is over half of it pic.twitter.com/5IwqTTuTqv  Alison Arkin (@Cronikeys) May 7, 2016",0
20612,KRISPY KREME Worker REFUSES To Serve Cop: ” I don’t do the POlice”,"She doesn t  do POlice  until someone threatens to do harm to her or someone she knows Richland County, SC   A Krispy Kreme employee is in hot water after they refused to serve a deputy with the Richland County Sheriff s Department at the Clemson Road location for the sole reasoning being he was a cop.The sheriff s department confirmed the incident and said  the poor actions of one employee does not properly represent the views and values of the community, business, organization as a whole,  read a statement.   WACH-FOX57Don t let this story of one bad employee discourage you from patronizing Krispy Kreme. Here is a great example of Krispy Kreme partnering with local police in Greenville, SC in 2013:Local law enforcement personnel joined forces for the annual  Cops on Top of a Doughnut Shop  fundraiser, benefiting the Special Olympics.  FOX Carolina ",0
20613,WATCH 8TH Grader DESTROY Disgraced Detroit City Council Member And Wife Of US Representative In Debate [VIDEO],"Watching this video will help anyone who is curious about why the city of Detroit continues to be bailed out of trouble like an irresponsible child with a trust fund. This video of Detroit City Council member Monica Conyers (D), wife of US Representative John Conyers helps to explain the type of character Detroit voters have been placing their trust in for decades. This is an older video, but definitely worth sharing.Shortly after this debate with an 8th grader, City Councilwoman Monica Conyers was found guilty of bribery and sent to prison for 3 years.Former Detroit City councilwoman, Monica Conyers was sentenced to more than three years in prison for bribery after a federal judge refused to set aside her guilty plea during a stormy court hearing dominated by a dispute over evidence of other payoffs.As guards cleared the packed courtroom, Monica Conyers yelled that she planned to appeal. The wife of U.S. Rep. John Conyers, D-Mich., wanted to withdraw her guilty plea, suggesting she was the victim of  badgering  last year when she admitted taking cash to support a Houston company s sludge contract with the city.But U.S. District Judge Avern Cohn, reviewing a transcript of the June hearing, said Conyers had denied any coercion and voluntarily pleaded guilty to conspiracy.Conyers, 45, is the biggest catch so far in the FBI s wide-ranging investigation of corruption in Detroit city government. Nine people have pleaded guilty, including two former directors of the downtown convention center, and prosecutors have promised more charges are coming. Bribery is a betrayal of trust,  Cohn told Conyers after announcing a 37-month prison term for her  egregious  crime. She quit the council after pleading guilty in June.Conyers  plea deal was limited to taking bribes to support a contract with Synagro worth $47 million a year. But the recent trial of her former aide, Sam Riddle, exposed a series of alleged schemes involving others making payoffs to do business at city hall.Prosecutors said Riddle and Conyers collected $69,500 by shaking people down and urged Cohn to consider the alleged crimes when sentencing her. Defense lawyer Steve Fishman firmly objected and demanded a separate hearing.Conyers declared,  I m not going to jail for something I didn t do. Before the hearing, Conyers moved around the courtroom like a playful host, blowing kisses to supporters while wearing dark sunglasses. Her husband, who has an office in the federal courthouse, was not in the courtroom. Spokesman Jonathan Godfrey said he didn t know his whereabouts. Via: Huff PostDespite her going to prison, losing her political job and often embarrassing the family with her behavior in City Hall, U.S. Rep. John Conyers does not want a divorce from his feisty wife, Monica Conyers, his lawyer told the Free Press on Monday.The former Detroit city councilwoman filed for divorce last month, claiming the marriage has fallen apart beyond repair. But her 86-year-old husband wants to work things out.  Detroit Free Press",0
20614,"LOL! OBAMA WARNS VOTERS Donald Trump Is Unvetted, Unserious…”This is not a reality show”","Says the guy who was a Jr. Senator and Community Organizer prior to becoming President of the United States.   And who can forget our  selfie  President?And then there s the famous Nelson Mandela funeral selfie:President Obama skewered Donald Trump on Friday, warning that the Republicans  presumptive nominee isn t serious enough for the presidency, his plans aren t plausible, and his ideas haven t been vetted sufficiently.Let s not forget that when Obama was living in his own little narcissistic world and making a contribution to absolutely no-one Trump was busy creating jobs.Obama continued: He has a long record that needs to be examined. And I think it s important for us ot take seriously the statements he s made in the past,  Obama said.  We are in serious times and this is a really serious job. This is not entertainment. This is not a reality show. These were Obama s first extended comments about Trump since the New York mogul cemented his role as the presumptive GOP nominee on Tuesday night. He spoke in the White House briefing room, using remarks on the economy and a crackdown on tax evasion as an opportunity to air his views. It was clear he expected questions about Trump, and intended to use the appearance to discuss the new phase of the election. This is a contest for the presidency of the United States and what that means is that every candidate, every nominee needs to be subject to exacting standards and genuine scrutiny,  he said.Via: Dallas Morning NewsSpeaking of  scrutiny :Here is a Breitbart News top ten list of things that Obama has refused to release (a complete list would fill volumes):10. State senate papers. In the 2008 primary, Obama criticized Hillary Clinton for not releasing papers from her eight years as First Lady but failed to produce any papers from his eight years in Springfield.  They could have been thrown out,  he said.9. Academic transcripts. His supposed academic brilliance was a major selling point, but Obama (by his own admission) was a mediocre student. His GPA at Occidental was a B-plus at best, and his entering class at Columbia was weak. Can he prove his merit?8. Book proposal. Obama s literary agent claimed he was  born in Kenya for sixteen years. His original book proposal exists biographer David Maraniss refers to it and seems to have embellished other key details of his life. Yet it has never been released.7. Medical records. In 2000, and again (briefly) in 2008, GOP presidential candidate Sen. John McCain released thousands of pages of his medical records. Obama, who had abused drugs and continued smoking, merely provided a one-page doctor s note.6. Small-dollar donors. In 2008, the McCain campaign released the names of donors who had contributed less than $200, though it was not required to do so. But the Obama campaign refused, amidst accusations it had accepted illegal foreign contributions.5. The Khalidi tape. In 2003, Obama attended a party for his good friend, the radical Palestinian academic Rashid Khalidi. The event featured incendiary anti-Israel rhetoric. The LA Times broke the story, but has refused to release the tape and so has Obama.4. The real White House guest list. Touting its transparency, the Obama White House released its guest logs but kept many visits secret, and moved meetings with lobbyists off-site. It also refused to confirm the identities of visitors like Bertha Lewis of ACORN.3. Countless FOIA requests. The Obama administration has been described as  the worst  ever in complying with Freedom of Information Act requests for documents. It has also punished whistleblowers like David Walpin, who exposed cronyism in Americorps.2. Health reform negotiations. Candidate Obama promised that health care reform negotiations would be televised on C-SPAN. Instead, there were back-room deals worth millions with lobbyists and legislators the details of which are only beginning to emerge.1. Fast and Furious documents. After months of stonewalling Congress, Attorney General Eric Holder asked President Obama to use executive privilege to conceal thousands of documents related to the deadly scandal and Obama did just that.In addition to the above, Obama and his campaign have lied about many facts about his past his membership in the New Party; his extensive connections with ACORN; and his continued relationship with domestic terrorist Bill Ayers and Jeremiah Wright, among other examples. Obama s own memoir is filled with fabrications. And now he is lying about his opponent s honorable record in business. He and the media have no shame.And oh yeah one more thing that we almost forgot:",0
20615,NOT KIDDING: ARIZONA NEWSPAPER Concerned Border Fence Too High For Illegals To Cross Safely,"When the fence keeps them from making it to the polls, the Democrats start complaining  A mainstream Arizona newspaper is decrying the small section of the Arizona-Mexico border that has a 14-foot-high primary fence because it is too high for illegal immigrants to safely cross. The article,  Border Fence Jumpers Breaking Bones,  includes the claim that sections of the border with a 14-foot-high fence are  as tall as a two or three-story house  and tells the stories of several women who broke bones and were treated extensively to healthcare and surgeries at the expense of U.S. taxpayers. The writer never mentions any lives directly lost as a result of there not being a border fence in most sections, such as when Mexican nationals crossed into the U.S. and murdered father and husband Robert Rosas, a U.S. Border Patrol agent.The article in question was written by Perla Trevizo for the Arizona Daily Star. In the excerpt below, note the section s subtitle and the casual mention that the foreign woman had been deported multiple times prior:A DREAM ENDSFor some, the fence is a last resort.Maria Ibarra, 28 and also from Oaxaca, had tried crossing through Nogales and El Paso in April, but both times she was sent back to Mexico.This time she was determined to get through. She left her 10-year-old son with her parents in Oaxaca. He was born in South Carolina, where she lived for two years before going back to Mexico in 2006 so her parents and siblings could meet her son.Once there, she said, her son started losing his hearing in one ear and having seizures. All I wanted was an opportunity to fight my case,  she said. She hoped her son could join her or maybe she could get a permit to visit the hospitals where he was first treated. But she already had a couple of deportations and a voluntary return to Mexico.Interestingly, the part about the woman hoping her son could join her is errant in not mentioning that once her son does join her in the U.S., the woman and her son would likely be permitted to stay because they would then be an incomplete family unit.The assertion that the border fence is as tall as a two or three-story house came from Fernando Valdez, Mexico s deputy consul general in Nogales, Arizona. He was quoted as stating,  What surprises us is that people continue to jump from heights that can be the equivalent of a two- or even three-story house,  he said.  But we hear they feel pressured to do it because they are holding the line or they start insulting them, telling them to jump. The second part of his statement appears to be directed towards U.S. Border Patrol agents, but the writer left the intended direction of the assertion ambiguous. Of course, if that be the case, the Border Patrol routinely saves illegal immigrants  lives, as the article inadvertently makes clear. Mexican authorities routinely demonize and attack U.S. Border Patrol agents, even in cases where agents have acted in self-defense against the violent narco-traffickers or other violent individuals.Perhaps the most disturbing aspect of the advocacy article is that the writer did not mention why a segmented border security fence exists. The fence, which contrary to left-of-center media assertions does not encompass most of the border, was built largely to stop violent criminals from their routine entering and existing of U.S. communities. Two instances come to mind, though in both cases the  wall  has yet to be built in those specific segments. In 2002, the FBI engaged in a sting operation in Sunland Park, New Mexico along the U.S.-Mexico Border. The effort was spurred by Mexicans routinely crossing the border and robbing trains of cargo. Mexicans would jump the small chain-link fence that served as the area s only border security and rob the train cars. They would then simply jump back across the fence and U.S. authorities were powerless to stop them. Mexican authorities, often corrupted by the criminal organizations behind the robberies and thefts, did nothing to stop the crimes.Two FBI special agents got separated from their group in the sting. One of them was a woman. The two agents were surrounded by dozens of Mexican nationals who beat them unconscious and caused severe injuries, including broken facial bones. A federal agent with knowledge of the incident spoke to Breitbart Texas on the condition of anonymity and said,  There were indicators that the Mexican nationals were trying to drag the unconscious body of the female FBI agent back with them into Mexico. This writer previously covered the issue in 2013 and wrote,  Only a few of the men were eventually prosecuted, as most were deported back to Mexico prior to prosecution. Unless something else happened or they moved, the men are still free and presumably operating in the area. The very nature of a fence is that it poses a difficulty or risk to unauthorized crossings in an area, such as in the recent issue of Barack Obama s White House raising the height of their fence to keep unwanted people from crossing. In Arizona s specific border situation, there exist two border sectors: the Tucson Sector and the Yuma Sector. Though the Yuma Sector is largely locked down with significant coverage of technology and a primary and secondary fence, the Tucson Sector is largely open. Most of the sector has no fence at all and can be freely crossed at the whim of any person in Mexico wishing to enter the United States. The video embedded below shows the reality of most of the Arizona-Mexico border.Via: Breitbart News",0
20616,BREAKING BOMBSHELL: Obama’s Foreign Policy Guru Admits To SHOCKING LIES Obama Told To Sell Americans On IRAN Deal,"As if this news, in and of itself, is not horrific enough Deputy National Security Advisor, Ben Rhodes also reveals that Obama began negotiations with Iran as early as 2008, while radical Muslim hardliner, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was still in power! The Obama administration cooked up a phony story to sell Americans on the Iranian nuke deal, lying that US officials were dealing with  moderates  in the Islamic theocracy who could be trusted to keep their word, it was reported Thursday.In a revealing article posted on the New York Times website, President Obama s foreign-policy guru Ben Rhodes bragged about how he helped create the false narrative because the public would not have accepted the deal had it known that Iranian hard-liners were still calling the shots.The White House line   which Rhodes says he created   was that Obama started negotiations after the supposedly moderate Hassan Rouhani was elected president in 2013.But Obama had set his sights on working out a deal with the mad mullahs as early as 2008, and negotiations actually began when strongman Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was still president.Rhodes, the deputy national security adviser for strategic communications, concedes in the article that the so-called moderate regime is not moderate at all. We re not betting on it,  he said.Despite having little foreign-policy experience, Rhodes, 38, a former aspiring novelist who grew up on the Upper East Side, was in charge of a massive White House  messaging  effort that fed the bogus line to journalists. We created an echo chamber. They were saying things that validated what we had given them to say,  he admitted in the Times interview when asked about the plethora of  experts  praising the deal in the press.The Times article, which will appear in the paper s Sunday magazine, notes Rhodes, who has a writing degree from NYU, was skilled as a  storyteller. He is adept at constructing overarching plotlines with heroes and villains, their conflicts supported by flurries of carefully chosen adjectives, quotations and leaks from named and unnamed senior officials,  reporter David Samuels writes.  He is the master shaper and retailer of Obama s foreign-policy narratives. Asked about his misleading version of the deal, Rhodes said,  In the absence of rational discourse, we are going to discourse the [expletive] out of this. We had test drives to know who was going to be able to carry our message effectively, and how to use outside groups like [the anti-nuke group] Ploughshares, the Iran Project and whomever else. So we knew the tactics that worked. We drove them crazy,  he said of Republicans and others who opposed the deal, including Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.Obama, the article says, misled the public with the idea that negotiations began because of the  moderate  faction s rise in 2013. Today, after two years of negotiations, the United States, together with our international partners, has achieved something that decades of animosity has not,  Obama said last July when announcing the deal.Leon Panetta, then secretary of defense, confirmed in the article that the hard-line regime, and its military arm, was still in charge. There was not much question that the Quds Force and the supreme leader ran that country with a strong arm, and there was not much question that this kind of opposing view could somehow gain any traction,  he said. I think the whole legacy that he [Obama] was working on was,  I m the guy who s going to bring these [Mideast] wars to an end, and the last goddamn thing I need is to start another war. Without naming him, Panetta suggested Rhodes was one of several on Obama s staff who told the president only what he wanted to hear, the article says.Rhodes bashed the media for not properly reporting on foreign affairs and revealed how he fed information to reporters such as Jeffrey Goldberg of The Atlantic, a respected  Beltway insider,  as the Times called him. All these newspapers used to have foreign bureaus,  he said. Now they don t. They call us to explain to them what s happening in Moscow and Cairo. Most of the outlets are reporting on world events from Washington. The average reporter we talk to is 27 years old, and their only reporting experience consists of being around political campaigns. That s a sea change. They literally know nothing. Rhodes  assistant, Ned Price, gave an example of how they would shape the news by feeding a narrative to their  compadres  in the press corps and letting it echo across social media.For entire story: NYP",0
20617,"TRUMP Puts Illegal Aliens, Un-vetted Muslim Immigrants On NOTICE…Drops Names Of Like-Minded Cabinet Members…Liberal Heads EXPLODE!","Trump didn t stop with names of potential cabinet members  he also doubled down on policies designed to make America safer. Voters should be asking why liberals are so offended when Trump suggests putting the national security of America before political correctness?Donald Trump is sticking with two of his most controversial policy proposals now that he has become the Republican Party s presumptive presidential nominee.Trump tells NBC s Lester Holt that he stands by his plan to temporary bar foreign Muslims from entering the country if he s elected president because of the dangers of extremism.He says,  We have to be vigilant. Trump is also standing by his plan to deport all of the estimated 11 million people living in the country illegally.He says,  Yes, they re going to be deported.  He wants to put a system in place that would allow some to return.Donald Trump says he s setting up a vice presidential vetting committee  very soon  that could include some of his former running mates.In an interview with CNN s Wolf Blitzer Wednesday, Trump said that he has yet to begin to seriously consider his potential running mates.He says he may put Ben Carson and Chris Christie on the committee.Donald Trump is revealing some possible Cabinet picks if he s elected president.In an interview with Fox News s  The O Reilly Factor,  the presumptive GOP nominee says he d consider naming former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani secretary of homeland security, Gov. Chris Christie attorney general and Dr. Ben Carson secretary of health and human services.He says he has not made final decisions,  but certainly they would three very wise choices. Trump also said Carson is not interested in being his running mate. Via: AP ",0
20618,BREAKING: MUSLIM OPENS FIRE ON JOURNALISTS [Video],Religion of peace h/t Weasel Zippers,0
20619,HYSTERICAL! The Guy Who’s Spent Majority Of Both Terms On Golf Courses Makes THIS Insane DEMAND Of Congress,"Of course Obama the putz blames too little government for the poisoned water crisis in Flint OBAMA TO CONGRESS ON FLINT AID: #DOYOURJOBOn a trip focused on letting Flint residents know they have not been forgotten, President Barack Obama put pressure on Congress to move a bill that would bring aid to Flint, Mich. and other communities at risk of lead contamination in their water systems.As Pro s Annie Snider reports, both houses are out of session until next week, but the Senate could, in theory, take up a water infrastructure bill that includes assistance to Flint and other cities with lead-pipe distribution systems. The bill easily passed out of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee 19-1. Obama would like to see that bill move sooner rather than later.  Congress, led by your congressional delegation, needs to act in a bipartisan fashion, do their job, make sure Flint has the necessary resources,  Obama said Wednesday in a speech in Flint.President puns it like ME, calls small-government philosophy  corrosive : The president used the speech to broadly attack the conservative philosophy of less-government-is-good-government, saying an anti-government attitude was at the root of the problems in Flint.  I do think that part of what contributed to this crisis was a broader mindset, a bigger attitude, a corrosive attitude, that exists in our politics and exists in too many levels of our government,  he said.  It s a mindset that believes that less government is the highest good, no matter what. Boos for Snyder, but not from Obama: Gov. Rick Snyder also spoke at the event amid boos from the crowd of over 1,000 people. But Obama held off from attacking the governor, even trying to quiet the boobirds.  No, no,  Obama said.  We re doing some business here. Via: PoliticoHow very big of you Barry...h/t WZ ",0
20620,LOL! HILLARY’S New Anti-Trump Ad Backfires..Ends Up Being AMAZING Pro-Trump Ad [VIDEO],"Hillary has to be one of the worst candidates to ever get this far in a presidential race. She has no idea what the American people truly want. Like every good progressive, she only knows what she believes is good for Americans. And what Hillary believes are Donald s weaknesses with voters, are actually his strengths. Enjoy:Very nice of Hillary Clinton to run a pro-Trump ad, too? https://t.co/lYGCyHb7BA  Mollie (@MZHemingway) May 4, 2016 It isn t so much that liberals are ignorant. It s just that they know so many things that aren t so.  -Ronald Reagan",0
20621,THIS 21 YEAR OLD TEXAN WOMAN GETS IT: “Put Me In Charge!”,"Wow! This 21 year old Texan woman recently penned a letter to the Waco Tribune Herald In Waco, TX. She s been worried about her future with the massive increase in social welfare and government programs, so she thought she d offer some great, common sense solutions. Her ideas were too good to keep to herself, so she decided to send her letter to the local paper. Here it is:PUT ME IN CHARGE:Put me in charge of food stamps. I d get rid of Lone Star cards; no cash for Ding Dongs or Ho Ho s, just money for 50-pound bags of rice and beans, blocks of cheese and all the powdered milk you can haul away. If you want steak and frozen pizza, then get a job.Put me in charge of Medicaid. The first thing I d do is to get women Norplant birth control implants or tubal ligations. Then, we ll test recipients for drugs, alcohol, and nicotine. If you want to reproduce or use drugs, alcohol, or smoke, then get a job.Put me in charge of government housing. Ever live in a military barracks? You will maintain our property in a clean and good state of repair. Your  home  will be subject to inspections anytime and possessions will be inventoried. If you want a plasma TV or Xbox 360, then get a job and your own place.In addition, you will either present a check stub from a job each week or you will report to a  government  job. It may be cleaning the roadways of trash, painting and repairing public housing, whatever we find for you. We will sell your 22-inch rims and low profile tires, your blasting stereo and your speakers. Don t worry, we ll contribute that money toward the  common good. Before you complain that I ve violated someone s rights, realize that all of the above is voluntary. If you want our money, accept our rules. Before you say that this would be  demeaning  and ruin their  self-esteem,  consider that it wasn t that long ago that taking someone else s money for doing absolutely nothing was demeaning and might actually lower the recipient s self-esteem.If we are expected to pay for other people s mistakes we should at least attempt to make them learn from their bad choices. The current system rewards them for continuing to make bad choices. This new and improved system will reward them for making a contribution to society",0
20622,9 FACTS ABOUT SLAVERY Democrats Don’t Want You To Know,SPREAD this EVERYWHERE!,0
20623,HE GAVE US THIS WARNING ONLY 67 YEARS AGO…Everyone Thought He Was Crazy,"Sadly, much of what George Orwell predicted in his landmark novel,  1984  only 67 years ago is coming true in America today:",0
20624,"8 YEARS LATER: OBAMA TELLS Most Dangerous City In America, “I’ve Got Your Back”","Tell that to the 87 year old woman who was raped in broad daylight on the crime-ridden streets of Flint. Obama doesn t care about Flint, MI anymore than he cares about the violence and out-of-control crime in his own backyard of Washington DC. The only reason Obama and his Democrat cronies are showing any concern for the citizens of Flint today, is because they are using their water crisis as a political football. They re attempting to blame the Republican Governor of MI for the water crisis, while doing everything in their power to hold Obama s evil EPA Director, Gina McCarthy harmless. If Obama cared so much about the residents of Flint, MI, why wouldn t he be as concerned about helping them to find employment as he is about phony climate change? Flint   President Barack Obama s assurances Wednesday that Flint s water is safe to drink from faucet filters was met with skepticism among residents of this predominately African-American city beset by fears of lead lingering in their pipes.Obama used his visit to the crisis-stricken city of 100,000 residents to promote the use of lead-removing faucet filters in an effort to bring some calm among residents distrustful of government. Although I understand the fear and concern that people have, and it is entirely legitimate, what the science tells us at this stage is you should not drink any of the water that is not filtered but if you get the filter and use it properly, that water can be consumed,  Obama said in a speech at Northwestern High School.  That s information that I trust and I believe.  Via: Detroit NewsFlint, MI has been living in crisis mode for decades. It s very likely they believed that when Barack Obama took office, he would do something to improve the conditions of their hell-hole of a city. They couldn t have been more deceived: Business Insider   We ve been ranking America s most dangerous cities for several years, and there s one city that keeps making the top of the list   Flint, Michigan.Flint had 66 homicides in 2012, tying a record it hit two years ago.Forbes has also ranked Flint as one of most dangerous places for women. The most striking attack of 2012 occurred when an 87-year-old woman was raped outside her home in broad daylight. She decided to leave Flint. GM s Flint operations employed 80,000 people in 1978. At the time, New York City had a reputation for being the most dangerous place in America   not Flint.However, the tide started to turn for Flint in the  80s. That s when GM started setting up factories in Mexico and dramatically reduced its operations in Flint. By 2006 GM employed just 8,000 people in Flint, according to Flint s city manager.With no major industry in Flint, the city s unemployment and poverty rates have soared as many people have fled the city. Here are some factors that contribute to making Flint a dangerous place:Flint only employed 122 police officers in 2012, down from 265 five years earlier because of budget cuts, Mlive.com reported. With 122 officers, Flint employs one officer for about every 830 people. Comparatively, New York City (which didn t even make the top 25 most dangerous cities) covers about 235 people per cop.According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, Flint s unemployment rate rests as 16.0 percent. Though not as low as Detroit s, which rings in at 17.5 percent, Flint s lack of work doesn t bode well for the local economy. More than 38% of people there live below the poverty level, according to the most recent Census numbers. Poverty and crime are known to go hand in hand.Drugs are a known accelerant for crime, including violent crime. Heroin use has increased dramatically among people between 18 and 29, the Flint Journal reported in 2011. That year, two teenagers died of overdoses within three days of each other.As things get worse in Flint, its population continues to drop off. There were nearly 125,000 people living there in 2000, but that number declined to roughly 101,000 by 2011. This decline suggests Flint is no longer a place where people want to live.",0
20625,UNREAL! PRO-CUBA TRAVEL AT PBS AND NBC: “Cuba has so much going for it: It’s proudly Communist…” [Video],"BELOW ARE TWO EXAMPLES OF THE PRO-CUBA SENTIMENT BY THE LEFTY MEDIA:Travel to Cuba is the NEWEST thing among the pseudo-cool useful idiots:Sanders noted how many of those on board were eager to get to the island before it was spoiled by capitalism:  The Cuba they will see has many Americans anxious to get here before it all changes.  Passenger Sedrick Tydus quipped:  I want to get there before Burger King shows up.  Sanders laughed and repeated line:  Before Burger King shows up. After the Obama administration granted a full roster of concessions (in exchange for nothing) to the communist regime, we are bombarded with hype on Cuba travel. The Kardashians are even getting into the mix-ugh!Romanticizing the poverty and crumbing architecture of Cuba is pretty sickening to most people. We see past the slick promotions and see the suffering of the people of Cuba first .Chris Tarrant: Extreme Railway Journeys. Episode 4 Slow Train to Guantanamo Bay: The problem with Tarrant s love for commie Cuba is that the railway is broken down and only goes 15 mph.NBC Reporter Giddy With Excitement Aboard Cruise to Cuba:  A Pinch-Me Moment : Not so sure anything will change in Cuba even though the lefty media would like you to think so Sanders noted how many of those on board were eager to get to the island before it was spoiled by capitalism:  The Cuba they will see has many Americans anxious to get here before it all changes.  Passenger Sedrick Tydus quipped:  I want to get there before Burger King shows up.  Sanders laughed and repeated line:  Before Burger King shows up. Via: Faustasblog",0
20626,OUTRAGEOUS: ILLINOIS SCHOOL USES FINGERPRINT Scanner To “Track” Kids…America Yawns,"We re living in a world where we have willingly surrendered our privacy for the sake of making identification of ourselves, and our children more convenient for our government and for private businesses and entertainment venues like Disney World. Students and faculty at Harrison Street Elementary School just love the new thumbprint scanner in the school s lunch line, but civil rights experts are warning parents about serious privacy concerns with the technology.The Geneva Unit District 304 replaced a different biometric scanner system for school lunch lines this year with devices from a local company, PushCoin Inc., that read students  thumb prints to track their accounts, the Daily Herald reports. It s good, because you don t have to carry your own money or anything like that,  fifth-grader Quinlan Bobeczko told the news site.  It s just there. Your thumb is easy, because you just have to put your thumb on (the device). Officials in several area school districts are watching District 304 in hopes of installing similar devices in their schools.East Maine Elementary District 63 spokeswoman Janet Bishop said the district hired PushCoin Inc. this spring to begin offering the thumb scan option this month, and Lake Zurich Unit District 95 board president Doug Goldberg said schools there will implement the biometric scanners in the 2016-17 school year, the Daily Herald reports. I will tell you that many of the kids aren t very good about keeping track of their ID cards,  Goldberg said.  And so moving to biometrics was felt to be sort of the next generation of that individual, unique ID. We ll record their thumbprints, there will be thumbprint readers at all the cash registers, and they ll simply come by and   bang   hit their thumbprint. It makes it faster and, also, there s a lot less opportunity for any kind of misuse or fraud when they re using biometrics. PushCoin Inc. allows parents to closely monitor their children s lunch accounts through email updates, and the company s CEO, Anna Lisznianski contends the scanners can help school officials use lunch time more efficiently.",0
20627,ROLLING STONES DEMAND TRUMP Stop Using Their Music: “Can you imagine a President Trump?…The worst nightmare”,"As a side note, the last major appearance by the geriatric Rolling Stones band, was a free concert in Havana, Cuba. The aging band appeared there only days after our Commie Sympathizer In Chief  made a high profile visit to Cuba and was followed around by his friends in the mainstream media capturing his  historic  trip to the ballpark with the brutal dictator, Raul Castro.Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was warned Wednesday to stop playing Rolling Stones music on the campaign trail. The Rolling Stones have never given permission to the Trump campaign to use their songs and have requested that they cease all use immediately,  a spokesperson for the band said in a statement, according to Time.Donald Trump delivered a fiery speech to celebrate an impressive primary victory Tuesday in Indiana. While the real estate mogul and his entourage existed the stage, supporters were treated to the Rolling Stones song,  Start Me Up. Other Trump events have featured the group s popular song  You Can t Always Get What You Want. Several other artists have previously asked the Trump campaign not to use their music at official events.Last June, rocker Neil Young requested that then-newly-announced GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump not play his song  Rockin  in the Free World  at campaign events. Young, a devout liberal, did, however, give socialist Democrat White House hopeful Bernie Sanders permission to play his songs.Five months later, Aerosmith frontman Steven Tyler threatened to sue Trump if he did not stop playing the rock band s song  Dream On  on the campaign trail.Trump, a longtime Rolling Stones fan, is not held in high esteem among members of the British rock band. Can you imagine a President Trump?  Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards told Vanity Fair in March.  The worst nightmare. But we can t say that, because it could happen. This is one of the wonders of this country. Who would ve thought Ronald Reagan could be president?  Via: Breitbart News",0
20628,INFAMOUS ROMANIAN HACKER Tells FOX News Host How “EASY” It Was To Hack Hillary’s Server [VIDEO],"Of course, America s favorite criminal candidate says America shouldn t believe the infamous hacker who claims he accessed her unsecured server because he s a  criminal.  LOL if anyone can spot a criminal, it s Crooked Hillary The infamous Romanian hacker known as  Guccifer,  speaking exclusively with Fox News, claimed he easily   and repeatedly   breached former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s personal email server in early 2013. For me, it was easy   easy for me, for everybody,  Marcel Lehel Lazar, who goes by the moniker  Guccifer,  told Fox News from a Virginia jail where he is being held.Guccifer s potential role in the Clinton email investigation was first reported by Fox News last month. The hacker subsequently claimed he was able to access the server   and provided extensive details about how he did it and what he found   over the course of a half-hour jailhouse interview and a series of recorded phone calls with Fox News.Fox News could not independently confirm Lazar s claims.In response to Lazar s claims, the Clinton campaign issued a statement Wednesday night saying,  There is absolutely no basis to believe the claims made by this criminal from his prison cell. In addition to the fact he offers no proof to support his claims, his descriptions of Secretary Clinton s server are inaccurate. It is unfathomable that he would have gained access to her emails and not leaked them the way he did to his other victims. The former secretary of state s server held nearly 2,200 emails containing information now deemed classified, and another 22 at the  Top Secret  level. Via: FOX News",0
20629,JUDGE DECLARES BABY NAME “Illegal” To Prevent Her From “Emotional Harm”,"Does a judge have the right to determine what a mother and or father names their child? Don t think for one minute in this politically correct environment we re living in, this couldn t happen right here in the United States Some names are so bizarre, we can t believe they ve ever been given to children. But a recent landmark case just went a step further by telling a mother she can t give her newborn twins the names she chose.The mother, who is from Powys, Wales, attempted to name her offspring  Cyanide  and  Preacher.  She believed  Cyanide  was a pretty name for a little girl with positive implications since it s the poison that killed both Hitler and his follower Joseph Goebbels, according to Metro. She also argued that she had the right to name her own children. However, Justice Eleanor King ruled that the name could cause emotional harm to the child in the future. It is hard to see how the twin girl could regard being named after this deadly poison as other than a complete rejection of her by her birth mother,  said King.The twins, now 8 months old, were reportedly conceived of rape. They were placed in foster care, along with their three half-siblings, due to the mother s history of mental illness and drug and alcohol abuse.Social workers from Powys County Council brought the case to the British Appeal Court. An injunction had previously been issued to prevent the mother from formally registering the names. This is one of those rare cases where the court should intervene to protect the girl twin from emotional harm,  said King. Via: MSN ",0
20630,CONSERVATIVE MOM And Cruz Supporter Goes All In For TRUMP…And Here’s Why,"A message from a 100% FED UP mom to her Facebook friends:Dear friends,I donated to two presidential campaigns this year, Dr. Ben Carson and Ted Cruz. I voted for Rand Paul in the straw poll at the Republican convention on Mackinac Island, MI in September. I am proud to say that today, I am 100% behind Donald Trump. I am actually looking forward to watching him CRUSH Hillary in the general election.After watching Barack Hussein Obama serve as our cowardly, racist, incompetent, Divider In Chief for eight long years, I m ready for a President with courage and the ability to make this country truly great again. I want someone who tells the free loaders, drug dealers and gang members from Mexico and Central America they re not welcome here anymore. I want a border that cannot be penetrated, and if it is, I want our Border Patrol agents to be able to do the jobs they were trained to do. I want a President who isn t afraid to say we need to address the issue of unchecked immigration into our country from Muslim majority nations who want to destroy our way of life. I want a President who won t run to the golf course after an innocent American is beheaded or lie to Americans about a video after four brave Americans are killed all because his Secretary of State wouldn t give them what they needed to survive in Benghazi. I want a President who will heal the racial divide our current President instigated with his former DOJ and his inner circle of race baiters for hire. I want a President who will unleash our natural resources so we won t have to be dependent on ISIS, Saudi Arabia and Iran for oil. I want a President who won t visit communist countries and spend the afternoon watching baseball with brutal dictators, behaving as though he was spending the day with the Pope. I want a President who respects the hard work of EVERY man and woman in America, and understands that in order to achieve the American dream, we need to work hard and make a few sacrifices. I want a President who refuses to allow the media to control the narrative. I want a President who has raised a family he can be proud of and for that matter, that America can be proud of. For all those reasons and many, many more, I am excited that Donald J. Trump will be the Republican candidate for President.As a side note, I m also looking to clean up my friends list. If any of my Facebook  friends  feel it is more important to thump their chests and demand that they will never vote for Trump (or in other words, that they will support Hillary) kindly hit the un-friend button at the top of my page. I m on the side of America, and I m choosing to support a man who loves his country so much that he s wiling to walk away from everything he s worked so hard to build in order to save us. Trump didn t ask to walk through barricades to get away from hateful liberals in CA who would like harm him. He didn t ask for Soros funded freaks to follow him wherever he goes, threatening violence against him and his supporters. He could be sitting in Trump Towers working on multimillion dollar deals, but God chose a different path for him and he accepted the challenge. I am grateful to him for the sacrifices he and his family will make, and I will pray that God keeps him safe, healthy and strong. Most of all, I will pray that he brings jobs back to the millions of unemployed Americans who have given up hope on ever finding a job. I will pray that he follows through on his promise to help our veterans to get the best health care America has to offer. And finally, I will pray that he rebuilds our military and gives our soldiers the ability to fight to win, and to keep the greatest nation in the world safe and prosperous for generations to come.There is no time to waste with petty bickering. While I understand there will be a lot of hard feelings amongst Ted, Carly and Marco supporters, it s time to come together now for the good of our country.Bill Clinton is walking around in a state of mostly confusion, while Hillary is traveling with a full-time physician. In addition to being the MOST crooked candidate to ever run for President, she is not well. She will likely chose the old Socialist Bernie Sanders as her running mate to shore up the young voters she cannot persuade to support her campaign. Sadly, Hillary knows she can t win without the  I just want free-shit  vote. Together, they will destroy more businesses, as they increase EPA regulations to fight a phony climate change war. They ll decrease spending for our military in order to reallocate funds to more social programs and programs designed to tighten the screws on our law enforcement, making it nearly impossible for them to do their jobs. The conditions at our VA hospitals will worsen, as our tax dollars will be used to pay for free college for young people who have no clue what it means to selflessly serve their country. There will be a push for gun control like we ve never seen before in America, and we will witness some of the most radical Supreme Court picks who will wholly support their progressive agenda. Meanwhile, people who have the ability to stop another four years of Obama will be proudly tweeting #NeverTrump, as though we should admire them for their courage to stand up for their  principles! I have three young daughters. I won t give up this fight until I know we have a President who takes the threat of Sharia Law in America seriously. For anyone who thinks that can t happen, London is on the verge of electing a radical Muslim as their next Mayor, as I write this rant.When November rolls around, I ll be supporting a candidate who isn t worried about hurting the feelings of a radical Muslim with a suicide vest in his suitcase, as he travels (at the expense of the American taxpayer) to his new taxpayer funded home in my neighborhood. It s time to wise up and start coming together like the Democrats do after each and every primary. It s time to try something new it s called  winning.  #NeverHillary!  Patty100% FED UP! momAndrew Breitbart gave this speech only weeks before he died. His words have never been more relevant than they are today: There are two paths one is America and the other one is  Occupy  (Black Lives Matter). Black, White, gay and straight anyone that s willing to stand next to me to fight the progressive Left, I will be in that bunker. And if you re not in that bunker because you re not satisfied with this candidate  more than shame on you you re on the other side!  -Andrew Breitbart",0
20631,DETROIT PUBLIC SCHOOL Assistant Supervisor Admits To Stealing Money From Special Needs Students,"This is the same school district that is begging the State of Michigan residents to fund a $500 million debt they cannot pay back. If the state doesn t come to some sort of agreement to bail out the devastated, Democrat run city of Detroit schools yet again, by the June 30th deadline, they will run out of money and the schools could be forced to shut down. As usual with public schools run in poor cities run by Democrats, it s the kids who suffer at the hands of these self-serving criminals After 38 years of working for Detroit Public Schools, an assistant superintendent admitted in federal court today that she cheated kids with disabilities out of school supplies by helping a crooked vendor run a kickback scheme that could send her to prison for nearly six years.With her voice quivering, Clara Flowers, 61, of Detroit pleaded guilty to accepting $324,685 in kickbacks from a vendor as a thank-you for helping him bill DPS for school supplies that were intended for children with disabilities but were never delivered.Flowers, the assistant superintendent of Detroit Public Schools  Office of Specialized Student Services, offered no explanation or excuses for her actions. When asked to explain what she did, Flowers, in a shaky voice, said:  I received kickbacks from Norman Shy. Flowers said the kickbacks from Shy   who has also been charged in the case   came in the forms of checks, prepaid gift cards and home improvements on her private residence. Their scheme, she said, lasted from 2009 through 2015.Under the terms of her plea agreement, Flowers  sentencing range is 57-71 months in prison. She also was ordered to make $324,785 in restitution to DPS, and another $27,488 in restitution to the Internal Revenue Service for unpaid taxes. Via: Detroit FP",0
20632,CAUGHT! FBI ARRESTS MAN Poisoning Produce At Local Grocery Stores [VIDEO],"THERE S NO INDICATION OF A MOTIVE IN THE CASE: This is one sick puppy! A man went around spraying produce with poison but we don t know why yet. Ann Arbor, Michigan is home to the University of Michigan and several upscale grocery stores like Whole Foods and Plum Market.The FBI has arrested a Michigan man for allegedly spraying a poisonous mixture of chemicals on food at three grocery stores in Ann Arbor, Michigan.The FBI and Michigan Health Department are now looking at whether anyone was seriously ill from the low-scale chemical attack to contaminate food.Authorities believe the unidentified suspect targeted at least three grocery stores in the past two weeks: Whole Foods, Meijer and Plum Market. Law enforcement officials are also now trying to determine whether he victimized other stores with his toxic mixture of hand-cleaner, water and Tomcat mice poison. What if he s been doing this for weeks, or months, or even years, and just suddenly someone saw him?  one concerned citizen said.  Makes you think about everything you buy all the time. The suspect may have mental health issues, and so far there is no indication of terrorism, sources said. Read more: ABC",0
20633,"WINNING “Draw Mohammed” Picture Being Sold On E-Bay…With 4 Days Left To Go, You Won’t Believe How High The Bids Are Getting","You won t believe how much people are already bidding for  the  Draw Mohammed  picture. Check out the latest bids here: E-BAYThe image that won the  draw Mohammed contest  attacked by terrorists in Garland, Texas, is now up for sale on eBay.The art depicts an artist drawing Mohammed with the dialogue  You can t draw me.   That s why I draw you.  It was drawn by Bosch Fawstin.Fawstin opens the bidding by saying,  Own a piece of history. Own the Cartoon at the Center of a Terrorist Attack.  The bidding ends Saturday May 7 unless someone ponies up a dollar less than a quarter million dollars to buy the drawing straight out. At the time of writing the bidding was already more than $3,000.Fawstin s picture won the first annual Muhammad Art Exhibit and Contest organized by Pamela Geller and Robert Spencer for the American Freedom Defense Initiative. The First Amendment themed event was attacked by terrorists with AK-47s, although the terrorists were shot dead by an alert officer before being able to attack the event.Geert Wilders who was at the event when the attack was repelled tweeted out the EBAY page:The winning Mohammad cartoon from @BoschFawstin from the Garland contest/attack, is for sale now to highest bidder! https://t.co/BcBy8rXk6z  Geert Wilders (@geertwilderspvv) May 1, 2016Fawstin describes the significance of the drawing in the description of the auction:My name is Bosch Fawstin and I m a recovered Muslim. Shortly after my Mohammad cartoon was announced as the winner of Pamela Geller and Robert Spencer s AFDI Draw Mohammad contest event and exhibition in Garland Texas, two jihadists came to try to murder the approximately 200 people who attended the event. They would have succeeded if not for a heroic, sharp-shooting policeman who blew their heads off before they could even enter the building. The attack and event became an international news story and my life has never been the same since. Following the attack, I received more death threats than I ever had, even though I ve been drawing Mohammad for years. But despite the danger, I want to continue drawing Mohammad. These days, there are fewer cartoonists willing to draw  He Who Must Not Be Drawn,  and, for me, that s just more reason to do so, especially in a world where Free Speech is under siege from all sides.What kind of world would it be if no one drew Mohammad? The Islamic world. I never want to live in that world, and drawing Mohammad every so often is how I personally keep that world at bay. My winning Mohammad cartoon explicitly spells out why I draw Mohammad in the first place. I never set out to draw Mohammad until the Danish cartoonists who did so were threatened with death over it. Though their Mohammad cartoons were blamed for inciting Islamic violence, in truth it s Islamic violence which incites Mohammad cartoons.My winning Mohammad cartoon led me to an event where I could have died if jihadists had their way, so it s the most significant and most famous cartoon I ve ever done and might ever do. My cartoon became a symbol of Free Speech because drawing Mohammad has now become the most daring way of exercising one s right to Free Speech in today s world. Based on what some have written about it, it has become one of the most important pieces of art in recent memory. Via: Breitbart News",0
20634,SOMEONE CALL THE Waaambulance! Glenn Beck Warns He’ll Be On Suicide Watch If Cruz Loses Indiana…You Better Buckle Up Beck…THE RESULTS ARE IN [VIDEO],"Hey Glenn, suicide is no laughing matter, and you really needs to start ratcheting down your role as America s conservative drama queen. Seriously is America witnessing the melt down of a man who used to be one of the most prominent conservative voices in America? A few days ago, Glenn Beck posted a special video posted to his website, where he addressed news reports of the latest mass layoffs at his troubled media empire. Watch the video HERE. Something is not quite right in the fake oval office. Maybe Beck just needs a long vacation Glenn Beck rolled his face in Cheetos last week   And no one stopped him.Glenn Beck pleaded with Indiana voters on Monday.  If you guys screw this up, I ll be on suicide watch. .@GlennBeck to Hoosiers: ""If you guys screw this up, I'm going to be pissed at you.   I will be suicidal.""  Patrick Svitek (@PatrickSvitek) May 2, 2016But that not have been the craziest thing he said all day.Ouch, Glenn Beck:  Tell me another time in our nation s history that you have witnessed where Indiana matters. Glenn Beck: God Prolonged GOP Primary So Every State Could Choose Between  Good or Evil  https://t.co/eK60lNkIbU pic.twitter.com/ez9moGDOMJ    Cris   (@ThePatriot143) May 3, 2016Well Glenn it s been a tough year, but the results are in and it looks like Trump ran the tables in Indiana:Wins 30 statewide delegates   May win all of the 27 remaining district delegatesVia: Gateway Pundit",0
20635,WHOA! ‘SESAME STREET’ Using Bert And Ernie For Sexually Transmitted Diseases Ad,"Wrong target audience? What the heck is going on that anyone thinks it s ok to take a kid s character and do this? Sesame Street  swears that Muppets Bert and Ernie are only friends, but that hasn t stopped the maker of a new at-home test for HIV and sexually transmitted diseases to suggest that the two fuzzy BFFs have something much more intimate in mind.In a promotion for Mately, the puppets are shown looking at test results.  See Ernie, you ve got nothing to worry about, everything is positive,  it reads.It is part of Mately s edgy campaign to promote its subscription service that provides both discrete testing and results, and allows users to then broadcast those results on dating apps or directly through Mately.Read more: WT",0
20636,CO JUDGE REMOVES DAUGHTER From Mother’s Care For Making Comments To Other Adults About Chemtrails: ‘She is a danger to her daughter’,"This story is for anyone who believes liberal judges don t have the ability to make life altering decisions that affect Americans who don t conform to an acceptable thought process A Boulder, Colorado judge has removed a child from her mother s care because the mother believes chemtrails are being sprayed into the atmosphere, court documents reveal.Boulder Judge D.D. Mallard told Becca Vandb that  99% of people would know those are just contrails,  and said that she is  so immersed in a fringe subculture  that  she is a danger to her daughter. I can now only see my daughter with a social security worker standing over me taking notes, and the judge said this was so that if I mention chemtrails they would put a stop to that. Becca pointed out that there have been no neglect or child abuse allegations from the court or her daughter s school. There have been no criminal charges and no protective services visits. I am being railroaded for expressing my views about chemtrails. Becca Vandb s daughter wants to be with her mother, but is being kept away from her, with only supervised visits allowed, because Judge Mallard believes Becca is  immersed in a dangerous fringe subculture. I bought up chemtrails at my daughter s school and was immediately banned from the premises. Schools and courts in Boulder, Colorado have flat out denied there is any such thing as geoengineering or chemtrails, so has my kid s dad who works in atmospheric research at the University of Colorado   seriously. [quote_box_center] I can now only see my daughter with a social security worker standing over me taking notes, and the judge said this was so that if I mention chemtrails they would put a stop to that.'[/quote_box_center]DANGEROUS PRECEDENT The school helped him take away custody because I had the gall to argue with them when they severely embellished my comments (made to adults only) about chemtrails. Meanwhile An historic lawsuit has been filed in Canada in an effort to expose and halt the practice of chemtrails being sprayed into the atmosphere. The suit claims that the Canadian and US governments are conducting a geoengineering program that aims to spray toxic substances and particles into the atmosphere   endangering the lives of millions of citizens. Via: Trendolizer ",0
20637,"SAY GOOD BYE TO LONDON: Radical Muslim WINS London’s Mayoral Election By Over 300,000 Votes","Has the entire world gone mad with political correctness? Is there any chance of saving the UK from itself? UPDATE: Labour Party politician Sadiq Khan has been elected London mayor   the first Muslim to lead Europe s largest city.Election officials say Khan defeated Conservative rival Zac Goldsmith by more than 300,000 votes, after first- and second-preference votes were allocated.The result came early Saturday, more than 24 hours after polls closed.Khan was elected to replace Conservative Mayor Boris Johnson after a campaign marked by U.S.-style negative campaigning.Goldsmith, a wealthy environmentalist, called Khan divisive and accused him of sharing platforms with Islamic extremists.Khan, who calls himself  the British Muslim who will take the fight to the extremists,  accused Goldsmith of trying to scare and divide voters in a proudly multicultural city of 8.6 million people   more than 1 million of them Muslim.Londoners go to the polls on Thursday to choose a replacement for the outgoing Mayor, Boris Johnson MP. Despite the fact the Labour Party is currently mired in an anti-Semitism scandal, if all things remain equal, expect the party s candidate Sadiq Khan MP to be confirmed in the early hours of Friday morning.Mr. Khan, 45, has had a successful career in the Labour Party, being elected to parliament in 2005, becoming a Minister of State in 2008 with a promotion in 2009. He was a Shadow Secretary of State for Justice from 2010-15, and has been running for London Mayor since then.POLLINGIn fact, as I predicted in January, the polls have changed very little since the beginning of the year. This is despite a negative-ad onslaught by the Conservative Party and its candidate Zac Goldsmith   the multi-millionaire son of Eurosceptic royalty Sir James Goldsmith, and brother of socialite and Vanity Fair editor Jemima Khan.Mr. Goldsmith and his  Back Zac  campaign have used the last few months to highlight Sadiq Khan s proximity to Islamic extremists, extremism, and this past weekend, to anti-Semitism.But perhaps it speaks to the mindset of Londoners, and certainly the British capital s demographic shift, that such news has scarcely affected Mr. Khan.In January, a YouGov poll put Mr. Goldsmith on 35 to Mr. Khan s 45 per cent. When you take into account London s supplementary voting system, the numbers after the second preference votes are counted ended up 45-55 to Mr. Khan.Last week, that number stood at 40-6o to Mr. Khan. After second preference votes, the extremist-adjacent candidate has a 20 point poll lead.While last week s events   when one of Mr. Khan s most prominent backers Ken Livingstone was implicated in a Hitler/anti-Semitism scandal   may serve to keep some of Mr. Khan s voters at home, it is hard to imagine the Conservatives overturning such a drastic poll lead.A MUSLIM MAYOR?Polling suggests some people are nervous about having someone like Mr. Khan near an office that wields so much power, responsibility, and cash.Private conversations with Westminster insiders often see Lutfur Rahman   the former Mayor of Tower Hamlets   raised as another example of a prominent Muslim mayor.Mr. Rahman was removed from office, accused by critics of playing sectarian politics with the area s Muslim population, of backing Islamists, and of distributing tax payer cash to his favoured Muslim groups to secure their support.Mr. Rahman was found guilty of  corrupt and illegal practices    and has perhaps set back the plight of the few, integrated British Muslims in elected life. He   alongside politicians like Humza Yousaf, Sayeeda Warsi, Rushanara Ali, Shabana Mahmood, Yasmin Qureshi, Amjad Bashir, Naz Shah, and Tasmina Ahmed-Sheikh   have created a deep distrust between British voters and Muslim politicians.In fact one third of Londoners remain suspicious of having a Muslim Mayor, and the likes of Sajid Javid or Syed Kamall suffer because of their co-religionists  insistence on fellow-travelling with extremists, if not holding extremist views themselves.EXTREMISMAnd Mr. Khan can hardly claim a clean record. Mr. Goldsmith s attacks are not without basis, though they have been shrugged off as  racism  or  Islamophobia  with the assistance of the left s useful idiots like Owen Jones.Apart from his somewhat threatening statements about not voting for him while claiming that  he is the West , Mr. Khan s own track record is perhaps one of the most sour of all Muslim politicians in the Western world.In 2001 he was the lawyer for the Nation of Islam in its successful High Court bid to overturn the 15-year-ban on its leader, Louis Farrakhan.In 2005 and 2006 he visited terror-charged Babar Ahmad in Woodhill Prison. Mr. Ahmed was extradited to the U.S. in 2012, serving time in prison before being returned to the UK in 2015. Mr. Ahmed pleaded guilty to the terrorist offences of conspiracy, and providing material support to the Taliban.And Mr. Khan also campaigned for the release and repatriation of Shaker Aamer, Britain s last Guantanamo detainee, who was returned to the UK in November.Both Messrs Aamer and Ahmed provided Mr. Khan with links to the advocacy group CAGE, which described the Islamic State executioner Mohammed Emwazi as a  beautiful young man , and which has campaigned on behalf of both men. Mr. Khan is reported to have shared a stage with five Islamic extremists, including at sex-segregated events. Even so, his poll numbers remain firm.On Friday morning, Londoners will likely get the news that their mayor for the next four years is a man with the judgement, priorities, and fellow travellers as laid out above. This, combined with an annual  16bn budget, and an army of police, bureaucrats, and officials, would make Mr. Khan one of the most powerful Muslims in the Western world.For entire story: Breitbart News ",0
20638,WATCH: BLACK FEMALE TRUMP EXECUTIVE Reads POWERFUL Letter She Wrote To Dispel LIES Being Told About Trump Family,"The video Hillary and the Left will not want America to see Today, I was compelled to sit down and write this letter. Not to anyone in particular, maybe even just for myself. But as a black, female executive at the Trump Organization, I can no longer remain silent about the repeated and reprehensible attempts to align my boss and his family with racist, hate mongering groups, campaigns and messaging. As the daughter of man born in Birmingham, Alabama, who rose against all odds to become one of the most established and respected doctor s at Yale University, there is no amount to money in the world that could buy my loyalty to a family that subscribed to such intolerant and bigoted ideologies. Here is Lynne Patton reading the powerful letter she penned to dispel the lies about Donald J. Trump, as well as his family:  From LinkedIn:Lynn Patton, Chief of Staff to Eric Trump, Ivanka Trump & Donald Trump Jr. (May 2009   Present): Oversee primary assistants for the Trump adult children & all internal operations for the 25th Floor, Trump Tower. Provide personal assistance to Eric F. Trump, Donald J. Trump, Jr., and Ivanka Trump, including calendar, travel, expenses, purchases, event coordination, contact/engagements, as well as home & business responsibilities, in conjunction with two (2) other primary assistants. Handle celebrity talent acquisition/bookings and work in tandem with the Executive Director of The Eric Trump Foundation to oversee all operations, volunteers, events, outreach, vendors & corporate partnerships; Acquire celebrity donations & experiences for The Eric Trump Foundation On-Line Charity Buzz Auction & The Eric Trump Foundation Annual Golf Invitational Live Auction; Responsible for organizing, executing and overseeing all ETF operations, philanthropic events/golf tournaments, social media & websites; Identify and develop viable partnerships and research projects for ETF in conjunction with the ETF Executive Director and St. Jude Children s Research Hospital.",0
20639,HEARTWARMING: Support For Socialism On College Campuses Much Less Than Media Would Like Americans To Believe,"Proof that sanity still exists on college campuses.Capitalists on campus won t have to stand by any longer while communists and socialists celebrate May Day, as they ve appropriated the holiday. Turning Point USA offered free materials to students with a comprehensive plan for the Socialism Sucks Day of Action.More than 500 campuses are participating in the counter-celebration on Monday.  I want the American Dream. Socialism only takes away my chance to start a multi-billion company in my apartment,  Turning Point USA s Josh Thifault declared.  It s important that we stick to the values that made our country great   capitalism and freedom. Some students have caught on to what Venezuela has learned the hard way. Venezuela s brewing company, responsible for 80 percent of its beer supply, began to shut down its last plant on Friday, according to The Wall Street Journal. In addition to how Venezuelans  like to celebrate,  there is concern because the beer factory also provided jobs. The country has suffered food shortages and power outages, and can no longer afford to print its own money. Venezuelans are also learning that  socialism sucks  and are petitioning to recall President Nicol s Maduro.In stark contrast to the student activities in other parts of America, May Day was celebrated with violence in Seattle. At least nine were arrested for pelting officers with rocks, batons, and molotov cocktails, which injured at least five officers. The violence has been an annual trend in Seattle for May Day, as Yahoo! News reported.Only 33 percent of young people support socialism, according to a recent Harvard IOP poll.Via: Red Alert Politics ",0
20640,WOMAN CONFRONTS Guy Paying With Food Stamps: “I’m paying for that” [Video],LANGUAGE WARNING! A woman at Walmart gets into it with a guy who was paying with Food Stamps: ,0
20641,TEXAS PIG FARMER Has BRILLIANT Idea After Muslims DEMAND He Moves So They Can Build A Mosque [VIDEO],"Don t mess with Texas A Texas pig farmer found out that Muslims trying to build a mosque had purchased the land next to his farm.What s more   the new Muslim landowner actually asked him to leave.That s because Craig Baker owns a pig farm, and the Muslim community hates pigs   it s in the Koran. So in an effort to  cleanse  the land, the Muslim landowner asked Baker to move out.Baker instead decided to fight back.Baker started holding pig races every Friday at the same time Muslims are supposed to be saying their afternoon prayer.Now local Muslims (and their liberal stooges) are calling him a  racist.  (Since when is Islam a  race ?)What do you think? Did he go too far? Should he have  embraced diversity  instead? Via: Top Right NewsWATCH HERE:",0
20642,YIKES! 30 Years Of HILLARY’S LIES Have Driven This Well-Known DEMOCRAT STRATEGIST To TRUMP [VIDEO],"This is not a fluke. After years of towing the union line, life-long Democrat union members are switching their allegiance to Trump. A recent AFL-CIO poll found that Trump has more support than Hillary and Bernie Sanders combined.",0
20643,MAKE IT STOP! Daughter Of Sexual Predator And Habitual Criminal Gets $65K To Speak For 10 Minutes [VIDEO],"Apparently being the daughter of the most corrupt political couple in America comes with some pretty significant financial benefits Politico reported last year:When Hillary Clinton s speaking fees proved too steep for one public university last year, school officials reached for a less expensive alternative: her daughter, Chelsea.According to a report from The Washington Post, representatives from the former secretary of state s office gave officials at the University of Missouri-Kansas City a $275,000 quote for a one-time speaking fee. Yikes!  one official emailed another, according to the report. Rather than paying that much, UMKC opted to pay Chelsea $65,000 for a brief appearance in February 2014. The former first daughter spoke for 10 minutes before participating in a 20-minute Q&A session and posing for pictures. For a sample of what that $65,000 might have bought the university, check out the clip above of Chelsea recently on the campaign trail bashing Trump.At one minute, the former first brat thinks this is worth $6500 of a public s schools money.What s that about wage equality, Clinton spawn?  Politicoh/t DownTrend",0
20644,WATCH: HOME IMPROVEMENT’S TIM ALLEN Reminds Us Of What A “Man’s Bathroom” Should Look Like,"NOTE TO TARGET There Aren t Any Feminine Product Dispensers On The WallRemember when there wasn t any  gray area  when it came to which restroom you would choose in America? For as long as restrooms have existed in the United States, using the proper restroom was as simple as being able to read the labels on the door, or choose picture that matched the gender God assigned to you in the womb.The passage of North Carolina s HB2, Public Facilities Privacy and Security Act, prohibiting men from using a public women s restroom or changing room in their state causing the politically correct Left to go ballistic. Following the passage of that common sense bill, Target stores set off a firestorm when they announced they would be siding with .2% of the transgender community and against 98% of non-transgender Americans by allowing men to use women s bathrooms and dressing rooms. So far, over 1 million people have signed a petition pledging to boycott Target unless and until they reverse their decision to put women and children in danger by allowing men to share their  safe bathroom and dressing room spaces. PayPal decided they weren t going to build a global HQ even though they have HQ s in places like Singapore, which arrest gays on site just for being gay. More hilariously, porn site xhamster.com, has stated that they have blocked service to anyone with a North Carolina IP address due to their passing of the bathroom law. This puts a monumental burden on other porn sites, who now have to get down to the task of figuring out how they could ever thank xhamster enough for the added traffic.The men s professional basketball association, (NBA) decided to do their part by showing support for the demasculinization effort by feminists and the LGBT-XYZ mafia by threatening to pull their all-star game from Charlotte, North Carolina if they don t change their open bathroom law.Here is the list of oh-so tolerant celebrities who have said they won t perform in North Carolina until they allow men to pee in the bathrooms next to your wife, your sister, your mother and your daughters:Bruce Springsteen, Bryan Adams, Jimmy Buffet, Ringo Starr, Cyndi Lauper and Laura Jane Grace (punk rocker). Sharon Stone has also said she ll refuse to",0
20645,"ILLEGAL ALIEN SMILES FOR MUG SHOT After Stabbing Father Of Two “At Least” 89 Times…Saws Liver Out, Leaves On Victim’s Chest For Police","SHOCKING FACT: One-fifth of the entire population of El Salvador currently resides in America, according to the Migration Policy Institute. Oh and Trump s a  racist  for wanting to build a wall <sarcasm>!An illegal alien from El Salvador, Mauricio Morales-Caceres, faces life in prison without parole after being convicted of stabbing acquaintance Oscar Navarro, father of two,  at least  89 times with a 15-inch butcher knife and tearing out his liver with his bare hands   but no comments on this shocking murder by a foreign national, who smiled cheerfully in his mugshot, are allowed, according to the Washington Post.Illegal alien Morales-Caceres, 24, started by stabbing Navarro in the back before stabbing him in the face, then his head, and then his chest, according to prosecutors.Standing before an image of the extremely gruesome murder scene, prosecutor Douglas Wink said Morales-Caceres sawed through his victim s body to tear out his liver and place it on his chest. The defendant took the knife and sawed,  he said.  This man reached in with his bare hands and took out his liver. He probably thought it was his heart. He ripped out his liver and left it on his chest for the police to see. The Washington Post buried the fact that Morales-Caceresis is an illegal alien.Nelson Navarro, Oscar s brother, said he has turned his attention to Oscar s 12-year-old son and 8-year-old daughter. They know their dad was killed, but so far the family had been able to spare them details of how he died. During the trial, they came to the courthouse on one day but stayed in the prosecutor s offices. Their mother watched the trial in the courtroom.They also shut down the comments section, explaining:  We turn off the comments on stories dealing with personal loss, tragedies or other sensitive topics. The murder took place in December 2014. Should  Morales-Caceres ever get out of prison, every indication is that he would be deported to his native El Salvador,  The Washington Post reports in an aside.  Prosecutors earlier said he entered the United States illegally. And since his stay at the Montgomery County jail, immigration officials have lodged a detainer on him, an indication they would move to have him deported at the end of a prison sentence. If El Salvador decides they won t take Morales-Caceres back, should he ever be released, the U.S. would likely turn him loose onto American streets   thanks to the overreaching Supreme Court ruling, Zadvydas v. Davis (2001). As the Center for Immigration Studies writes:In order to eliminate what it considered the  constitutional threat  of the potentially indefinite detention of deportable aliens, the Court held that  once removal is no longer reasonably foreseeable, continued detention is no longer authorized by statute.  The Court then arbitrarily decided that six months was all that was necessary for determining an alien s deportability  Put simply, a reviewing court s definition of  reasonably foreseeable  now determines the release of deportable aliens back onto the streets.So, should Morales-Caceres be freed from prison before his life sentence concludes and El Salvador refuses to welcome him back, it s only six months until he s free to haunt American neighborhoods once more. ",0
20646,WHOA! FORMER DEMOCRAT CONGRESSWOMAN Reveals Hillary’s Criminal Past [VIDEO],"Dr. Cynthia McKinney reveals Hillary s murderous past with Benghazi, and how the globalists will attempt to fuel race wars to further divide americans.Help us spread the word about the liberty movement, we re reaching millions help us reach millions more. Via: InfoWarsDr. Cynthia McKinney has made a career of speaking her mind and challenging authority. With her opinions, actions, and even her sense of style, McKinney has inspired both admiration and controversy.McKinney s political career began unofficially in 1986 when her father, Georgia State Representative Billy McKinney, put her name on the ballot as a write-in. Cynthia McKinney was living in Jamaica at the time and did not take the matter seriously; still, she garnered a large percentage of votes without even trying. Two years later, McKinney ran for and won the seat, creating the first father/daughter combination to serve together in the Georgia State House of Representatives. Cynthia immediately began making her own mark, defying House dress codes for women by wearing trousers instead of dresses. She spoke out against the first Persian Gulf War, and despite being in the House with her father, she often disagreed and voted against him.In 1992, McKinney won a seat in the US House of Representatives in Georgia s newly created 11th district. She was the first African-American woman to represent Georgia in the US Congress. Though a Democrat during President Clinton s tenure, McKinney voted against NAFTA, showing that she was not one to simply follow the Party line. McKinney worked hard in Washington to clean up pollution in her district and improve its rural roads.During her second term, McKinney earned distinctive committee assignments with the National Security Committee and the International Relations Committee s International Operations and Human Rights Subcommittee. A supporter of a Palestinian State in Israel-occupied territory, she sparked controversy by criticizing American policy in the Middle East. After the 9/11 attacks, McKinney suggested the President might have had prior knowledge of 9/11. The criticism she received from this highly controversial idea probably contributed to her defeat in the 2002 election; however, she ran for the seat again and was re-elected in 2004.Between terms in office, McKinney traveled the country and Europe, speaking against the war in Iraq war and also about her 2002 defeat, which she attributed to Republicans being organized to  cross over  to vote against her in the Democratic primaries. Her career, including this episode of her defeat, was made into a documentary film titled American Blackout.Once back in office, she continued her criticism of the Bush administration on the first anniversary of the 9/11 Commission Report by gathering victims  families and intelligence experts together on panels to address the flaws in the report and critique its recommendations regarding foreign and domestic policy. In 2007, McKinney left the Democratic Party to become a Presidential Candidate for the Green Party.",0
20647,"LONG TIME DEMOCRATS, UNION WORKERS Explain Why They’re Voting For Trump [VIDEO]","As millions of dollars of union dues flow into the Democrat coffers, it could be all for naught, as union members plan to cast their votes for Donald Trump Democrats are worried as more and more union members are supporting Donald Trump for president.Is it possible union workers are starting to see that the Democrat party and union bosses really don t have their best interests in mind?Watch Carrier employees tell FOX News who they plan to support for President and why:A recent AFL-CIO poll found that Trump has more support than Hillary and Bernie Sanders combined.",0
20648,BILL CLINTON Appears Bewildered When COAL MINERS BOO Him In West VA: “Mrs. Clinton’s anti-coal messages are the last thing our suffering town needs at this point” [VIDEO]," The difference between us and them is that we listen to them  says the husband of the woman who is hell-bent on  fulfilling Obama s promise to completely shut down the coal industry. Never mind that it has devastated generations of coal workers and entire communities supported by the coal industry. Bill Clinton was repeatedly interrupted by protesters during a rally for Hillary Clinton in Logan, West Virginia Sunday before the state s primary on May 10.The group booed the former president and confronted him about Hillary Clinton s promise to destroy coal jobs, a long-standing staple of West Virginia s economy.During the rally, Clinton recounted that he had asked his wife to send him to  any place in America that feels left out and left behind.  The protesters then began shouting at the former president, to which he reacted with disdain. This is where they start screaming because they don t want to hear this,  Clinton said with his hand raised. The crowd applauded and stood up to face the protesters, who continued booing and were ushered out. The difference between us and them is that we listen to them,  Clinton said.Prior to Clinton s appearance in Logan, city officials emailed Sen. Joe Manchin (D., W. Va.) attempting to prevent his visit, according to WVNS-TV. Bill and Hillary Clinton are simply not welcome in our town,  their email stated.  Mrs. Clinton s anti-coal messages are the last thing our suffering town needs at this point. The policies that have been championed by people like Mrs. Clinton have all but devastated our fair town, and honestly, enough is enough. At the same rally, Clinton was confronted about his wife s March pledge to  put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business. When s she going to lay us all off   and wipe us all out?  the protester said, interrupting Clinton s remarks.Clinton, hard of hearing, asked Manchin what the man said as the room filled with angry murmurs. He s getting laid off and wiped out, what we gonna do about that,  Manchin said. Well, that s good, that s a fair question,  Clinton said.In a letter to Manchin days after her promise to destroy coal jobs, Hillary Clinton admitted that she was  mistaken  and reiterated her commitment to  bringing jobs to Appalachia. Those close to Clinton defended her remarks by saying that she did not communicate her intent clearly.   WFBYeah .right Hillary just misspoke or something like that.",0
20649,WATCH: MEXICAN-AMERICAN TRUMP Supporter DESTROYS Liberal CA City Council Member: “The problem with liberals is they lay claim to helping minorities but rarely help them”," I am deeply offended by your campaign, since you subscribe to the liberal narrative that minorities need to be coddled and protected by the government. As if we are incapable of looking out for ourselves. Watch Mexican Trump supporter destroy Liberal Republican CA city council member Kris Murray:",0
20650,MALIA OBAMA TO ATTEND UNIVERSITY With 5.9% Acceptance Rate…Black Privilege? [VIDEO],"While both of her parents travel around the country giving commencement speeches at colleges and universities about the oppression and discrimination they ve experienced throughout their miserable existence, their oldest daughter (who attended one of the top private schools in America) will be getting ready to attend her mother, father and grandfather s alma mater. Harvard University accepted 2,032 students for the class of 2016, an acceptance rate of only 5.9%. Lucky Malia she will be part of that exclusive group of kids who are fortunate enough to attend such a prestigious university. Black privilege?The White House confirmed on Sunday that the President s eldest daughter will take a gap year after graduating from high school in June.The White House confirmed the story after student newspaper The Tab posted a picture of Malia wearing a Harvard t-shirt.She will then begin her studies at the prestigious institution in Massachusetts in 2017, joining the Class of 2021. The president and Mrs. Obama announced today that their daughter Malia will attend Harvard University in the fall of 2017 as a member of the Class of 2021,  said a short statement issued Sunday by first lady Michelle Obama s office.  Malia will take a gap year before beginning school. Here is our racist First Lady attempting to convince America she has been held down her entire life:And here is poor Michelle again bemoaning her experiences with race and sex discrimination:It follows months of speculation on whether she would end up at an Ivy League or pursue film at New York University.- Daily MailWhite privilege? Not so much How White and Asian students are fighting back in court against affirmative action that provides special consideration  for Blacks and Hispanics in the college admissions process:The death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin G. Scalia could affect the Court s upcoming decision in Fisher v. Texas, an affirmative action case that experts say may change the admissions processes of universities including Harvard.Harvard University waded into a Supreme Court battle over affirmative action in colleges and universities last week, with a full-throated defense of racial diversity. The university submitted an amicus curiae brief to the court, which is preparing to consider the case of Abigail Fisher for the second time. Fisher has charged that she was not admitted to the University of Texas at Austin because she is white. Not only does diversity powerfully transform a student s educational experience, but the benefits also reach beyond the walls of our campus they go to the heart of our democracy,  wrote lawyers representing Harvard. Forbidding institutions of higher education from considering race in deciding whom to admit  would represent a significant intrusion into the academic freedom of universities. The Fisher case could force colleges and universities to stop considering race as a factor in admissions. A decision in Fisher s favor could affect not just public universities like UT-Austin, but any college that receives federal aid, including Harvard. The university is facing a separate lawsuit (PDF) alleging that it discriminated against Asian American applicants because of its policy of considering race in deciding whom to admit to the school. Universities should not be compelled to ignore that students of different races and ethnic backgrounds often grow up separated and apart from one another, not exposed to others  experiences, perspectives, and values,  wrote lawyers for Harvard in the Fisher brief.  Harvard s concern is misplaced. No one is suggesting that all holistic admissions criteria at the University of Texas or elsewhere should be eliminated only an applicant s race and ethnicity,  said Edward Blum, who runs a legal defense group that helped propel Fisher s case to the Supreme Court and is also behind the Asian discrimination suit against Harvard. Still, the university was adamant that it needs to look at the racial background of students who apply.  Harvard s graduates cannot be blind either to the challenges facing our increasingly pluralistic country or to the unresolved racial divisions that stubbornly persist. ",0
20651,MAN BRUTALLY ASSAULTED At CA Trump Rally Tells Horrific Story Of Attack By Domestic Terrorists [VIDEO],"This video would be on a 24/7 mainstream media loop if the man who was brutally attacked by an angry mob was a Bernie Sanders or Hillary supporter. Will we ever see the faces or know the names of the 17 people arrested at this violent anti-Trump riot? When will these people be treated like the domestic terrorists they are? Injured Trump Supporter Cole Bartiromo Tells How He Was Brutally Assaulted by a group of 20-30 Anti-Trump Protestershttps://t.co/8daEcRGW9s  Trump's Got My Vote (@veganvecoh) May 1, 2016 ",0
20652,IS HILLARY’S CAMPAIGN In YUGE Trouble? SHOCKING Statistics Show Number Of Votes In 2016 WAY DOWN From Election She LOST In 2008,"Meanwhile Trump is about to make history for claiming the most votes ever in the history of the GOP primaries. What was that the mainstream media keeps saying about Trump not being able to beat Hillary? Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has badly underperformed in 2016 compared with her first run for president in 2008, a new data analysis done exclusively by Breitbart News shows.It s particularly telling that she s gotten fewer votes in 2016 than she did in 2008, especially because of the fact that the 2008 race was a three-way race for some time between Clinton, now President Barack Obama, and ex-Sen. John Edwards. She was, despite being the frontrunner for some time, the ultimate loser of that race and she got more votes that year in a much more competitive primary that she ended up losing than she has this year against a devout, proud socialist in Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) of Vermont.Clinton is widely expected to be the Democratic nominee in 2016, but her poor performance in the primaries which many believe she should have wrapped up long ago may drag her down heading into the general election, as even many Democratic voters seem to distrust her. To win in November, Clinton will need a strong showing from the Democrat base. This data seems to suggest that she has significant problems with her own party s core voters, meaning that if whoever wins the Republican nomination is able to woo these disaffected Democrats into the GOP camp, there could be a blowout in November for the Republican nominee.In 2016, Clinton has received 12,437,734 votes so far. In the states that have already voted this cycle, when she ran and lost back in 2008, Clinton received 12,727,221 votes.Specifically, the data shows, Clinton has seen a decline of 273,321 votes from 2008 to 2016 among states that have already voted this cycle. That 2.15 percent decrease nationally is exacerbated in several key states that Clinton would need to win to secure the presidency in a general election, suggesting that she s extraordinarily weak on the electoral college scale nationally and that whoever wins the GOP nomination will likely be able to thump her in the general in November. Via: Breitbart News",0
20653,TWISTED! Anti-American Riots By Illegals Portrayed As Anti-Trump: “This is our land” [Video],"More protests are probably happening today at the California State GOP Convention. Anti-American thugs will once again cause violence and a loss of freedoms in the age of the open borders Obama administration. You wanted fundamental transformation with Obama well, you got it! RIOTERS BURN AMERICAN FLAG:  We don t need a white man telling us that he s gonna build a wall in our land we want him out! #CAGOPconventionhttps://t.co/qkviXbP7vS  Fusion (@ThisIsFusion) April 29, 2016 WE VE GOT NEWS FOR THE MAIN STREAM MEDIA TRYING TO TWIST THE RESON FOR PROTESTS: THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH TRUMP BUT EVERYTHING TO DO WITH ANTI-AMERICANISM!   I want to go to college! This #CAGOPconvention protester is fighting on behalf of undocumented students:https://t.co/EP5mFxYF9f  Fusion (@ThisIsFusion) April 29, 2016 ",0
20654,OVER 100 COLLEGES WILL HOLD SEPARATE GRADUATION Ceremonies For Gays As Part Of A “Cultural Celebration”,"A Bi-Product Of Obama s Divided America The LGBT community has been fighting a decades-long culture war to be included in the fabrics of American society   and it s winning.Yet when it comes to their graduation ceremonies, it seems they d prefer exclusivity.More than 100 colleges and universities this spring will be holding separate graduation ceremonies for the LGBTQ population and their allies, according to the Human Rights Campaign (HRC). This includes Georgetown University, Duke University, Harvard University and Boston College, among others.The graduation ceremony is called the  Lavender Graduation,  signifying  pink triange that gay men were forced to wear in concentration camps and the black triange designating lesbians as political prisoners in Nazi Germany,  according to HRC.The special ceremony was started in 1995 at the University of Michigan by Dr. Ronni Sanlo, a Jewish lesbian, who said she was denied attendance at her children s graduation because of her sexual orientation. These events provide a sense of community for minority students who often experience tremendous culture shock at their impersonalized institutions,  HRC says on its website, explaining the need for such ceremonies.  For many students they are the payoff for staying in school, and friends and families find the smaller, more ethnic ceremonies both meaningful and personal. They deem it a  cultural celebration,  that  recognizes LGBT students of all races and ethnicities  it acknowledges their achievements and contributions to the university as students who  survived the college experience.  Via: Washington Times",0
20655,WHOA! FOX NEWS HOST JUST BLAMED TRUMP For Violence By Domestic Terrorists Against Him And His Supporters [VIDEO],"Domestic terrorists are ramping up the violence against innocent Americans and the Republican Presidential front-runner, and this FOX News host is going to suggest that Trump or his supporters are somehow responsible? Come again?A NEW LOW FOR THE TRUMP HATERS ON FOX NEWS Hundreds of mostly Latino anti-Trump protesters bloodied Donald Trump supporters, threw rocks at cars and smashed windows on vehicles including police cars following a huge campaign rally by the leading Republican presidential candidate in Costa Mesa, California Thursday night.Today on America s Newsroom host Martha MacCallum blamed the Trump supporters for the anti-Trump violence.Seriously?The anti-Trump goons are cracking skulls and Martha is worried about a few Trump supporters screaming   something leftists do at EVERY Trump rally?Wow!Martha MacCallum confronted Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson for the rioting Mexicans outside of the Trump Costa Mesa rally on Thursday night. The open border goons beat Trump supporters bloody and flipped cop cars.Unreal.WATCH HERE:https://youtu.be/hzNMMPvdBUAHere are a few of Martha s outrageous accusations: As Trump supporters and Trump protesters clashed out there  At one point a fight broke out when a Trump supporter tried to get his hat back  There s also a report though where there was one incident where a man who was holding a Mexican flag was surrounded by Trump supporters and they were shouting at this man who was surrounded  Is that something that you condone? And what is the campaign doing to try to lower the temperature a little bit? Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
20656,TRUMP AND SECRET SERVICE FORCED To Take Last Minute Escape Route To Avoid VIOLENT Liberal Thug Protesters [Video],"WATCH: @realDonaldTrump exits his speech in California by climbing over a barricade to avoid protesters.WATCH: @realDonaldTrump exits his speech in California by climbing over a barricade to avoid protesters.https://t.co/xOzgokBc2x  Fox News (@FoxNews) April 29, 2016 The California GOP Convention is going on and it s more of the same thugs who re using violence and violent rhetoric to stop the support of Republican Donald Trump. One of Trump s supporters was harassed and roughed up today in a show of total intolerance by the left.  Here s the moment when anti-#Trump protesters broke through the barricade at #CAGOPConvention @ReutersTV pic.twitter.com/1gyarQYn63  Lily Jamali (@lilyjamali) April 29, 2016 Protesters chanting  Make America Mexico Again  ",0
20657,AMERICA IS HAMMERING TARGET: #BoycottTarget Petition Swells To Over 1 MILLION Signatures…Company Suffers INSANE Loss In Stock Market,"Did Target really believe that 99.8% of Americans were going to be silent in the face of a decision that puts the safety of our women and children in jeopardy in order to satisfy the desire of a percentage of the .2% of Americans who consider themselves to be transgender? I cancelled my debit card with Target and lodged a complaint with their headquarters in Minneapolis. I would urge anyone who reads this to do the same. Here is the number to their corporate office: I called 612-304-6073 to cancel my #Target debit card.Stand up to companies who put political ideology before customers #targetmissedthemark  100% FED UP! (@100PercFEDUP) April 25, 2016More than 1,000,000 people have signed the boycott pledge against Target, following the secretive decision by executives to open all of their stores  bathrooms and changing rooms to people of both sexes. That s a million families who are going to spread the word about Target, so they may not get those customers back,  or their money, said Tim Wildmon, president of the American Family Association, which has hosted the boycott.Here is the link to sign the AFA petition to Boycott Target: https://www.afa.net/action-alerts/sign-the-boycott-target-pledge/Just reached 1 million signatures! #BoycottTarget pic.twitter.com/V8SZc0hTtR  American Family Assc (@AmericanFamAssc) April 29, 2016Target s  management is just going to have step up here [and] say  We re selling hammers and hats, we re not into social engineering,  he said.The boycott was announced April 20 by the association, one day after Target revealed its decision to favor its few transgender customers and staff over the rest of the population. A study of the 2010 census data suggests that only about 1 in 2,400 adults change their names to match names used by the other sex.#BoycottTarget who discriminates against 99.8% of non-transgender Americans who want safe restrooms 4 women & girls. pic.twitter.com/UKwuVtfCZJ  100% FED UP! (@100PercFEDUP) April 29, 2016Wildmon s association wants to affirm people s privacy in bathrooms and changing rooms, but also to block the progressives  multi-front push to stigmatize and outlaw any recognition of the average differences between women and men, and between boys and girls. The LGBT agenda  is being rammed down people s throats, and people are losing their jobs because of it, and it is becoming so that you can t think differently from these people or you re [called] a hater or a bigot,  he said.Since the decision was announced, numerous comments, articles, and videos protesting the store s one-sided decision have gone viral. Public opinion has moved and hardened in opposition to the previously bizarre notion of dual-sex bathrooms and changing rooms, and Target s brand as a family friendly store has taken a hit, as the online conversation shifted from its claim of  cheap chic  to worries of privacy, sexual predators, and the anger at the company s disregard for the reasoned judgement of its middle-class customers.Target, however, is not responding to customers  opposition.  We certainly respect that there are a wide variety of perspectives and opinions. As a company that firmly stands behind what it means to offer our team an inclusive place to work   and our guests an inclusive place to shop   we continue to believe that this is the right thing for Target, company spokeswoman Molly Snyder said April 25.Amid the turmoil, the company s stock edged down from $83.98 per share on April 19 to roughly $81.33 in April 28.That s a loss of $2.65 per share, which chops the company s stock market value by $1.5 billion, down to $48.8 billion.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
20658,ARE THE ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTS Becoming The New “Ferguson” For Illegals And Democrats? [Video],"A California Donald Trump Rally turned into a violent riot by mostly young Latinos. This is the result of open borders lawlessness and disregard for other people s right to free speech:Hundreds of demonstrators filled the street outside the Orange County amphitheater where Donald Trump held a rally Thursday night, stomping on cars, hurling rocks at motorists and forcefully declaring their opposition to the Republican presidential candidate.Some video I shot of a police car being smashed by a protester: pic.twitter.com/aqHm5jP9y3  Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) April 29, 2016THE ILLEGALS ARE EXPRESSING THEIR FRUSTRATION BY THROWING ROCKS AT PEOPLE AND DESTROYING COP CARS Donald Trump is worthless! There won t be no United States without Mexicans.  -Juan Carlos, 16 I m protesting because I want equal rights for everybody, and I want peaceful protest,  said 19-year-old Daniel Lujan, one of hundreds in a crowd that appeared to be mostly Latinos in their late teens and 20s. This just happen #CostaMesa #DonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/t0hS8EEdIU  Ruben Vives (@LATvives) April 29, 2016 Video footage showed some anti-Trump demonstrators hurling debris at a passing pickup. One group of protesters carried benches and blocked the entrance to the 55 Freeway along Newport Boulevard, with some tossing rocks at motorists near the on-ramp. Costa Mesa police confirmed that a total of 17 people   10 males and 7 females   were arrested on suspicion of unlawful assembly. A MOTORIST GOT OUT OF HIS CAR AFTER BEING BLOCKED AND CONFRONTED THE PROTESTERS:SUV almost ran over protester. Passenger gets out and gets confronted by protesters near 55 Fwy #CostaMesa pic.twitter.com/LLA4K1rzEN  Ruben Vives (@LATvives) April 29, 2016READ MORE: LA TIMES",0
20659,QUESTION: Which Presidential Candidate Spent The Most On Their Campaign So Far? The ANSWER May Surprise You…,"And the winner is the  Anti-Billionaire or the guy who detests rich people or how about the guy who made a LOT of people rich during his campaign, but did absolutely nothing for the less fortunate with his windfall. In fact, we reported about hundreds of homeless people who were kicked out of a venue they used as a warming hut on the coldest night of the year because socialist Bernie Sanders (who cares so much for the poor and underprivileged) was about to host a rally in that venue. Oh well the show must go on who has time for homeless people who likely won t vote .right hypocrite Bernie?The small-dollar fundraising juggernaut that has kept Bernie Sanders s insurgent White House bid afloat far longer than anticipated has generated another unexpected impact: a financial windfall for his team of Washington consultants.As donations surged this year, the Sanders campaign ratcheted up its spending each month, racing through an astounding $45 million in March alone.By the end of March, the self-described democratic socialist senator from Vermont had spent nearly $166 million on his campaign   more than any other 2016 presidential contender, including rival Hillary Clinton. More than $91 million went to a small group of admakers and media buyers who produced a swarm of commercials and placed them on television, radio and online, according to a Washington Post analysis of Federal Election Commission reports.While the vast majority of that money was passed along to television stations and websites to pay for the advertising, millions in fees were kept by the companies, The Post calculated. While it is impossible to determine precisely how much the top consultants have earned, FEC filings indicate the top three media firms have reaped payments of seven figures.Sanders s money blitz, fueled by a $27 average donation that he repeatedly touts, has improbably made the anti-billionaire populist the biggest spender so far in the election cycle. The campaign s wealth has been a surprising boon for vendors across the county who signed on to his long-shot bid.The large profits stem in part from the fact that no one in Sanders s campaign imagined he would generate such enormous financial support. So unlike Clinton, he did not cap how much his consultants could earn in commissions from what was expected to be a bare-bones operation, according to campaign officials.A campaign spokesman declined to comment on whether Sanders feels the high fees earned by his media consultants are appropriate. Via: Washington Post",0
20660,UNREAL! ELDERLY HISPANIC TRUMP SUPPORTER Pepper Sprayed By Liberal Thug [Video],The left keeps talking about how hateful the Trump supporters are but all the vitriol is coming from the commies who keep pepper spraying little kids and old people. Who does this? ,0
20661,MILLENNIAL Drops Awesome TRUTH BOMB On Her Generation: “We idolize people like Kim Kardashian and then we shame people like Tim Tebow” [VIDEO],"One millennial is 100% FED Up! with her generation. It all started when millennial Alexis Bloomer watched an elderly man limping into the post office, and watched two young men walk by him and not even offer to help him. Here s part of what Alexis had to say: We re just existing, we re not really contributing anything to society. Our generation doesn t have the basic manners that include  no mam  and  yes mam . We don t respect our elders. We don t even respect our country. We re stepping on our flag instead of stepping up to volunteer. And we idolize people like Kim Kardashian and then we shame people like Tim Tebow. We re lazy, we re really entitled, and we want to make a lot of money and have free education but we re not really willing to put in the work.  We re more divided as a country than ever before, and I think our generation has a lot to do with it. Everything that used to be frowned upon is now celebrated. Watch Alexis explain her motivation and reason for filming her apology to elders rant:",0
20662,"NOT SO FUNNY GUY, Liberal WILL FERRELL Makes Movie Mocking Ronald Reagan’s Alzheimer’s…Reagan’s Daughter Has A Few Choice Words For Him","What s next Making a comedy at the Humane Society about euthanizing pets?  Patti Davis, daughter of late President Ronald Reagan and Nancy Reagan, penned a moving open letter to actor Will Ferrell on Thursday criticizing his involvement in an upcoming comedic film that will satirize President Reagan s tragic battle with Alzheimer s disease.The film, based on a 2015 Black List script, centers on a fictional story in which President Reagan begins suffering from dementia shortly after a landslide reelection victory in 1984. A young aide must convince Reagan that he is an actor playing the President in a movie.Ferrell is attached to play Reagan in the film and will produce it under his Gary Sanchez Productions banner.Here is the letter Patty Davis penned to Ferrell:Dear Mr. Ferrell,I saw the news bulletin   as did everyone   that you intend to portray my father in the throes of Alzheimer s for a comedy that you are also producing. Perhaps you have managed to retain some ignorance about Alzheimer s and other versions of dementia. Perhaps if you knew more, you would not find the subject humorous.Alzheimer s doesn t care if you are President of the United States or a dockworker. It steals what is most precious to a human being   memories, connections, the familiar landmarks of a lifetime that we all come to rely on to hold our place secure in this world and keep us linked to those we have come to know and love. I watched as fear invaded my father s eyes   this man who was never afraid of anything. I heard his voice tremble as he stood in the living room and said,  I don t know where I am.  I watched helplessly as he reached for memories, for words, that were suddenly out of reach and moving farther away. For ten long years he drifted   past the memories that marked his life, past all that was familiar and mercifully, finally past the fear.There was laughter in those years, but there was never humor.Alzheimer s is the ultimate pirate, pillaging a person s life and leaving an empty landscape behind. It sweeps up entire families, forcing everyone to claw their way through overwhelming grief, confusion, helplessness, and anger. Perhaps for your comedy you would like to visit some dementia facilities. I have   I didn t find anything comedic there, and my hope would be that if you re a decent human being, you wouldn t either.Twice a week I run a support group called Beyond Alzheimer s for caregivers and family members of those with Alzheimer s and dementia. I look into haunted eyes that remind me of my own when my father was ill. I listen to stories of helplessness and loss and am continually moved by the bravery of those who wake up every morning not knowing who their loved one will be that day, or what will be lost. The only certainty with Alzheimer s is that more will be lost and the disease will always win in the end.Perhaps you would like to explain to them how this disease is suitable material for a comedy.",0
20663,"BOOM! SMALL ALABAMA TOWN TAKES ON TARGET: Any Man Using Women’s Restroom, Changing Rooms Will Face Fine Or Jail Time","America is experiencing an overwhelming climate of hostility and bullying by the Left (think Alinsky), as a means to shove their agenda down our throats. This story of courage and conviction by a small town in Alabama who is fighting back, will make you want to stand up and cheer! This is about a city council who is actually putting the safety and well-being of 99.80% of the population before the .2% of transgenders in America.  As expected, the gay mafia descends on Oxford, AL. Please call the Mayor of Oxford, Leon Smith at 256-831-2660 and let him know you support him and the city council s decision to keep our women and children safe.The Oxford City Council on Tuesday made it illegal for anyone to use a public bathroom that doesn t align with the gender they were born with.The new law, approved unanimously by the council s members, restricts a person s use of public bathrooms and changing rooms to the facilities designated for use by those of the gender listed on his or her birth certificate. The law applies within both the city s limits and police jurisdiction.After members approved the new city ordinance, Council President Steven Waits read from a prepared statement.Waits said he and the council sought the law  not out of concerns for the 0.3 percent of the population who identify as transgender,  but  to protect our women and children. He said the measure isn t meant to be discriminatory, and comes in direct response to the bathroom and changing-room usage policy put forth by supermarket chain Target, which has a store at Oxford s Exchange shopping center.The company posted that policy in a blog on its website last week, referencing  recent debate around proposed laws in several states. That debate has been heated in North Carolina, where news outlets report that scores of protesters have been arrested this week while demonstrating for or against a statewide law that extends similar restroom restrictions. We welcome transgender team members and guests to use the restroom or fitting room facility that corresponds with their gender identity,  read the company s post, put online last Tuesday.Waits said he s received an  overwhelming  number of complaints from city residents regarding the company s policy since it was announced.Under the new law, alleged violations must be reported by a witness or committed in front of a police officer to be prosecutable.Those found to have violated the law would be fined $500, or sentenced to six months in jail.There are some exceptions to the new rule, though: Adults are allowed to accompany children under the age of 12 into the restroom. Those who need to do janitorial or maintenance work, to offer emergency medical assistance, or to assist the disabled, likewise are permitted to enter any bathroom.Via: Anniston Star ",0
20664,SWEET SMELL OF REVENGE: Farmer Sprays Manure On Oscar Winning Actress And Film Crew During Fracking Protest On His Land [VIDEO],"GET OFF my fracking land!An irate farmer sprayed raw sewage at Oscar winning star Emma Thompson and her sister Sophie after they flouted a court injunction protecting a fracking site.The stars were filming a Great British Bake Off parody for Greenpeace when the owner of the field they trespassed on drove his muck spreader in circles around the demonstrators. A group of protesters were hit by the manure but the actresses remained dry in their tent, complete with Bake Off-inspired bunting.Police were also called and also spoke to the actresses, who climbed over a gate and set up camp on land earmarked for gas exploration in Fylde, Lancashire.Emma and Sophie, who won Celebrity Masterchef, filmed a pastiche episode of the Great British Bake Off called Frack Free Bake Off to voice their opposition to the fracking plans. But this afternoon the landowner, who leases the contested patch of land to fracking company Cuadrilla, drove his muck spreader in circles around the demonstrating group.After a couple of circles around the group, who were shouting for him to stop it, the farmer drove off.Protesters are banned from the site, near Preston, after company Cuadrilla applied for an injunction in 2014. It is not clear if the fracking company will now take civil action   but it appears unlikely. Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
20665,DEMOCRATS FREAK OUT As Shocking Number Of Union Members Plan To Vote For “Blue-Collar Billionaire” Donald Trump [VIDEO],"As millions of dollars of union dues flow into the Democrat coffers, it could be all for naught, as union members plan to cast their votes for Donald Trump Democrats are worried as more and more union members are supporting Donald Trump for president.A recent AFL-CIO poll found that Trump has more support than Hillary and Bernie Sanders combined.95% of union donations flow to Democratic candidates and causes.  Gateway PunditTrump is resonating with voters who are struggling to make ends meet and who are seeing their friends  jobs shipped abroad, says John Cakmakci, president of United Food and Commercial Workers Union Local 951 in Michigan. And some of those voters are union members. Trump s populist positions on trade and his rejection of Washington politics have earned him votes across the Rust Belt, where several battleground states are key to winning the election in November Donald Trump Jr. explains the  Blue-Collar Billionaire s  appeal with voters: Working America, the political organizing arm of AFL-CIO, wanted to find out whether Trump s  rightwing  message appealed to workers outside Cleveland and Pittsburgh. After interviewing about 1,689 working-class Americans living in households earning less than $75,000, they found out that Trump was in fact the favored candidate. Of the 800 voters who had decided on a candidate at the time of the interview, about 300 favored Trump. Combined, the two Democratic candidates appealed to fewer workers   174 chose Clinton and 95 chose Sanders. While most of Trump s support comes from the staunch Republican base, one in four Democrats who chose a candidate showed a preference for Trump,  said Working America s report.The majority of respondents said they supported the candidate because of his pugnacious personality rather than for, say, his position on trade.On Tuesday, Jared Szczesny, a card-carrying member of the United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America Union (UAW), will cast his vote for Trump in Pennsylvania s primary. In 2008 and 2012, UAW endorsed President Obama. This time UAW has yet to endorse a candidate, but is likely to back a Democrat.Szczesny, 31, has never attended a Trump rally. He works seven days a week and has not been able to find the time. However, back in October, he picked up Trump s book The Art of the Deal. When he finished it, he knew that Trump had his vote.Via: The Guardian",0
20666,"DAUGHTER OF SUNNI MUSLIM, George Clooney Wife, Open Borders Activist And British Citizen Says Trump Doesn’t Represent “U.S. Values”","There s nothing like a Brit telling Americans who we should support for President, or a foreigner suggesting we should open our borders to anyone who cares to cross over  them. It s not exactly like Britain is immune from the violent Muslim invasion taking place across Europe. Telling Americans which of our candidates do, or do not represent US values adds a special touch don t you think?Perhaps Queen Clooney should stick to advising Britain citizens about who they should or shouldn t vote for. Just because you and your ass-clown of a husband raised $15 MILLION for corrupt Hillary, doesn t give you the right to tell Americans who we should vote for. George Clooney is a Clinton supporter   but he agrees with Sanders on at least one point. #Decision2016https://t.co/gQ8X7YR8yA  Meet the Press (@MeetThePress) April 16, 2016Amal Clooney, the British-Lebanese human rights attorney who has been married to Hollywood actor George Clooney since 2014, says populist GOP frontrunner Trump doesn t represent  U.S. values. In a BBC interview Monday evening, the 38-year-old criticized  the leading candidate on the Republican side  for proposing  building walls  and a temporary pause on Muslim immigration into the United States.She then paraphrased Trump and defended Muslims who she says are  not extremist or violent. If you actually look at what [Trump] specifically says in that now infamous speech about Muslims, he kept saying,  They only want jihad; they don t believe in our way of life; they don t respect our system,  she said.She continued:  And when he says  they  And, you know, you watch the media coverage afterwards and people should ve been saying,  Do you mean the 1.5 billion people around the world who fit that description? Do you mean the people who are U.S. citizens, who are members of your military, the vast majority of whom are not extremist or violent in any way?  Her mother is a Sunni Muslim.Amal Clooney added she is  perplexed  by the success of Trump s campaign. If, at the end of all of this, he gets beaten by the person who becomes the first female president of the United States, then I think that would send a very positive message from the electorate back to him as to what they really think of those points of view,  Clooney said.She concluded:  I don t think they are U.S. values. Amal Clooney and her husband George both support Hillary Clinton s White House bid. Mr. Clooney, who has pushed for open borders, recently described Trump as a  xenophobic fascist  who want  ban Muslims from the country  during an interview with The Guardian.As Breitbart News has extensively reported in the past, the Clooneys have taken extensive measures to ensure they have privacy and security at their homes, including their $10 million Lake Como estate in Laglio, Northern Italy.Roberto Pozzi, mayor of Laglio, issued an ordinance in 2015 to protect the solace of the couple and their property. The area surrounding the estate is now off limits to unwanted guests, and anyone who gets too close to the property faces a stiff fine.Via: Breitbart News ",0
20667,IRS CHIEF: Okay For Illegal Aliens To Use Stolen Social Security Numbers [VIDEO],"It sure would be nice to have a President and Congress who took this whole illegal alien thing seriously IRS Commissioner John Koskinen told a Senate panel on Tuesday that the IRS wants to continue to allow illegal aliens to use stolen social security numbers to file tax returns without allowing the numbers to be used for  bad  reasons. Koskinen said it s in everyone s interest to have illegal aliens paying taxes.Sen. Dan Coats (R-Ind.) asked the Koskinen to explain the policy after revealing that his staff looked into IRS procedures and found that,  the IRS continues to process tax returns with false W-2 information and issue refunds as if they were routine tax returns, and say that s not really our job. What happens in these situations is someone is using a Social Security number to get a job, but they re filing their tax return with their [taxpayer identification number],   Koskinen said.  They are undocumented aliens   . They re paying taxes. It s in everybody s interest to have them pay the taxes they owe. Sen. Coats also revealed that the IRS ignores notifications from the Social Security Administration when a name and SSN does not match and that IRS agents are prohibited from informing the victims of employment-related identity theft even though the agency identified 200,000 new cases last year.Koskinen explained that as long as they were using the stolen SSNs to only illegally obtain a job that they would allow them to continue to use the number in order to file taxes, since the IRS uses the taxpayer identification number (ITIN) to process the tax return. The question is whether the Social Security number they re using to get the job has been stolen. It s not the normal identity theft situation,  Koskinen said.The topic of the hearing was to address the cybersecurity failings of the IRS to protect taxpayer data. In February 2016 about 464,000 of these stolen SSNs were targeted by hackers in a cyber breach. The agency said it wants to differentiate the  bad  misuse of personal data from other uses.  Washington ExaminerVia: Numbers USA",0
20668,HOW VOTING FOR TRUMP Will Help America To Export Our Trash [VIDEO],"Even the most hardened Cruz supporters will be switching their votes when they hear about all of the sick liberals who are willing to leave America if Trump gets elected. Think of it as a public service Donald Trump said Tuesday that he would be doing a  great service  to the United States if celebrities, including Lena Dunham and Whoopi Goldberg, follow through with threats to move to Canada if he is elected president, and joked that he would campaign even harder as a result.On Monday, Dunham told attendees at an event in New York that she would  100 percent  move to Canada if Trump were elected president, and in fact already had a  beautiful and appealing  area of Vancouver in mind. Other celebrities including Miley Cyrus, Samuel L. Jackson and Raven-Symon  have similarly vowed to move to Canada in the event Trump wins. Well, she s a B-actor. She has no mojo,  Trump said of Dunham during a Tuesday interview with Fox and Friends.  I heard Whoopi Goldberg said that too. That would be a great, great thing for our country. https://youtu.be/0gtYrkdYQ88When Fox and Friends host Steve Doocy mentioned that Rosie O Donnell had vowed to move to Canada if he were elected, Trump chuckled. We ll get rid of Rosie? I love it,  he said.  Now I have to get elected, because I ll be doing a great service to our country. Now it s much more important. In fact, I ll immediately get off this call and start campaigning right now. Other celebrities who have threatened to move to Canada if Trump is elected include George Lopez, Eddie Griffin, Cher, and the Rev. Al Sharpton. Via: Breitbart NewsWatch comments from celebrities about leaving US if Trump is our next President here:",0
20669,VIOLENT LEFT EXPOSED: Anti-Trump Latino Sprays Pepper Spray In Faces Of Pro-Trump Women and Children,"This is what it looks like when the  tolerant  Left uses violence to promote their phony  tolerance  for others .A loser in the Seattle Seahawks t-shirt really hates Donald Trump. Because he s too stupid to verbalize his position and too cowardly to take on anyone his own size or gender, he decided to express his displeasure with the GOP frontrunner by pepper spraying some women and children at a Pro-Trump rally.Here s the deal: Anaheim, CA city councilwoman Kris Murray introduced a resolution denouncing Donald Trump, which reads in part,  the divisive rhetoric of presidential candidate Donald Trump as contrary to the fundamental principles of the constitutions of California and the United States and as not reflecting Anaheim s guiding principles of inclusiveness and kindness. The LA Daily News reports that more than 50 pro-Trump supporters showed up at the Anaheim City Hall to protest this ridiculous resolution on Tuesday. As you know, wherever there are Trump supporters, there are anti-Trump agitators looking to start a violent confrontation. There s no word on the anti-Trump numbers, but there were enough to be noticed. The news notes that most of these anti-Trump forces were angry young men.As the anti-Trump thugs were yelling at the pro-Trump supporters, one asshole decided to attack a group of women and children, including a 53-year-old grandmother. All I remember is a young man jumped on one of my friends and I told him to get off. Then I got pepper sprayed,  said Linda Reedy.That pepper spray was wielded by the Latino in the Seahawks shirt. Not only did he hit Reedy but also her two young grandchildren and another woman.Paramedics were seen pouring water on their eyes to try and remove the stinging spray. A young girl about 8 years old cried hysterically.It would appear as if someone, possibly Seahawks guy, also punched Reedy in the face as paramedics gave her an icepack for an unspecified facial injury.To recap: one guy attacked a woman and then the Latino pepper sprayed her, a grandmother, and two young children all because they support Donald Trump. If there are a bigger couple of pussies I d like to know who they are because these guys have the #1 and #2 spots locked up in my opinion.Despite the fact that the news was able to capture a very clear picture of the chickenshit pepper sprayer, the dozens of police on the scene were unable to identify or arrest him. No seriously, there were a dozen cops in riot gear, plus many more guarding City Hall, as well as police helicopters overhead and they couldn t apprehend this coward?Let s remember that the reason why everyone was at Anaheim City Hall was because some uppity leftist councilwoman was denouncing Trump for being intolerant. Somehow I think attacking and pepper spraying old women and young children for their beliefs is a million times less tolerant than anything Donald Trump has ever said. Will Anaheim also denounce this Latino asshole and his cohort for what they did? I doubt it.A better question is: will the national media report this assault with the same vigor that they do any time a disruptive idiot gets thrown out of a Trump rally? Again, I doubt it. The official media narrative is that Donald Trump supporters are the violent ones and anti-Trump protesters are peaceful victims of their hate.Via: DownTrend",0
20670,THE TRUTH ABOUT WHY HILLARY Is The Only Candidate Who Travels With A Full-Time Physician,"This news should be enough to end Hillary s obsession with becoming our next President. The Democrats may be willing to ignore all of her criminal and immoral activities, but are they willing to accept Hillary and Bill turning our White House into an assisted living facility? Is Hillary Clinton fit to be president?Putting aside her various scandals and shoddy record as secretary of state, what about her health? Is she physically up to the job?In my new book,  Unlikeable: The Problem With Hillary,  I devote five pages to Hillary s health. As far as I can tell, however, I am the only journalist who is interested in this important subject.Given the immense stress and strain of being president, Hillary s health is an issue that demands a thorough exploration.Last July, Hillary s longtime personal physician, Dr. Lisa Bardack, released a short, two-page letter that appeared to give Hillary a clean bill of health. She does not smoke and drinks alcohol occasionally,  Bardack wrote.  She does not use illicit drugs or tobacco products. She eats a diet rich in lean protein, vegetables and fruits. She exercises regularly, including yoga, swimming, walking and weight training. According to Dr. Bardack, Hillary had completely recovered from the fainting spell, concussion and blood clot in her brain that she suffered while she was secretary of state.But Dr. Bardack s letter was hardly a detailed medical history. According to sources close to Bill and Hillary Clinton, the letter wasn t the full story then   and it s not the full story now.To this day, Hillary still suffers from many of the troubling symptoms that I wrote about in Unlikeable: blinding headaches, exhaustion, insomnia, and a tremor in her hands. As a precaution against the spectacle of fainting in public, which could easily doom her candidacy, Hillary now travels with a personal physician on all her major campaign trips.There have been several incidents in which she has nearly collapsed. For example, after her 11-hour testimony before the Trey Gowdy Benghazi committee, Hillary swooned as she walked to a waiting car. She had to be supported in the arms of her aides and helped into the back seat.Tension headaches continue to plague her and often make it hard for her to maintain her grueling schedule. Huma Abedin, deputy chief of staff and her closest adviser, frequently orders campaign aides to alter Hillary s schedule at the last moment so the candidate can catch her breath and take out time for naps. This may explain why Hillary is often as much as two hours late for a campaign appearance. She no longer has the stamina for 18-hour campaign days that she was once capable of doing,  said a source close to Hillary.Via: NewsMax We all know that getting Hillary to release her full medical records to the public is about as likely as Hillary telling the truth about what happened in Benghazi ",0
20671,"WATCH: TWO TX SCHOOL WORKERS FIRED For Refusing To Call 6 Year Old Girl A “Boy” : “One day, she wanted to be a girl, the next day she wanted to be a boy”","Because 6 year old girls are consumed with their sexual identities right? The parents should be getting regular visits by social services and the fired school manager and teacher should be reinstated and given an award for the courage to do the right thing Two school staff members say they were fired for refusing to call a six-year-old girl a boy and addressing her by a new masculine name.According to Madeline Kirksey, a manager at the Children s Lighthouse Learning Center in Katy, Texas, her staff was told a six-year-old student is transgender after the child s parents cut her hair short, Fox26 reported. They were instructed to begin referring to the student as a boy and call her by a boy s name.School administrators reportedly gave staff a handout to refer to when addressing questions from other students. It caused confusion,  Kirksey told Fox26.  I don t think we should be talking to other people s children who are under the age of 18 about being transgender. She said the school fired her after she insisted the parents of other students be notified and allowed to address the issue with their children.Not only where the other students disoriented by the sudden change, but the transgender student seemed to be confused as well. One day, she wanted to be a girl, the next day she wanted to be a boy,  Kirksey said.  The other kids are confused as well, calling her a boy and she would start screaming,  I m not a boy! Among the reasons stated in her termination letter was that Kirksey  does not follow instructions  when requested  to call a transgender child by the child s new name. Another teacher says she was also fired for raising concerns about all the confusion, according to Fox26. Via: BPR",0
20672,ANTI-TRUMP Protestors Prove They Have No Basis For Their Hateful Claims Against “The Donald” [VIDEO],If ignorance is bliss the happiest people on earth can be found outside a Trump rally holding an anti-Trump sign Enjoy:,0
20673,MAN WALKS INTO TARGET With Undercover Camera…Watch Manager’s SHOCKING Reply After He Asks To Use Women’s Bathroom,"Any company who puts the safety of myself and my daughters second to political correctness can find a new customer to spend thousands of dollars in their store. One person demonstrated just how far Target department stores will take it s new gender-neutral bathroom policy.Andy Park, identifying himself as a man, walked into a St. Petersburg, Florida Target store dressed in men s clothing and asked to use the ladies  restroom. Sometimes I get uncomfortable in the men s room,  was his only excuse.After he was given the go-ahead, Park asked what would happen if a woman complained. He was told they d take care of it. In other words, his  rights  were more important than a woman seeking privacy. Via: BPRWATCH here:https://youtu.be/cgL0c4B3gr8Via: BPR",0
20674,OOPS! Black Security Guard Won’t Allow White Dude Wearing Black Lives Matter T-Shirt Into Hillary Event [VIDEO],"After much back and forth between the white dude wearing a  Black Lives Matter  t-shirt and the black man who appears to be acting as security for corrupt Hillary, the black man suggests he go to the back of the line and ask secret service for permission to enter. The good news is that it appears the line to see Hillary (as usual) is pretty short. If he had to get to the back of the line for a Trump event, that could have been an issue.https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/724776822018170881Corrupt Hillary actually sent out this tweet just before the event the white dude in the Black Lives Matter t-shirt wasn t allowed to enter:""As a white person, I have to talk about [racism] more. We are not a post-racial society.""  Hillary to @Maddow #MSNBCTownhall  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) April 26, 2016",0
20675,COMEDIAN SHOCKS LEFTIST COLLEGE STUDENTS With Best Liberal Smackdown You Have EVER Seen!…MUST Watch VIDEO!,"This video of conservative comedian Steven Crowder should be an example for every conservative in America on how to handle the well-trained Left!  It should be used in training sessions for conservatives about how to fight back against the LOUD, OBNOXIOUS liberals who have been allowed to shame and disgrace conservatives into adopting their positions for way too long! If you re tired of sitting back and allowing the Left to disrupt every conservative event or rally in America by shaming you or threatening your physical well-being, you are going love this video! Comedian Steven Crowder mercilessly tore into so-called  social justice warriors  when they disrupted his opening remarks within seconds of him taking the stage.Here is the video showing the LOUD and OBNOXIOUS protesters who Steven Crowder was addressing:Crowder was scheduled to  tell some jokes  and discuss free speech at the University of Massachusetts on Monday night alongside other speakers, including conservative firebrand Milo Yiannopoulos and former philosophy professor Christina Marie Hoff Sommers. However, the comedian quickly ditched his prepared material to give his vocal critics a  reality check. Do you have any idea, sir, how pathetic it must be to be you? These people wanted to hear a few jokes, some thoughtful discussion, but your head pops off the pillow in the morning with,  How can I be a professional victim today?  Let me go in and screw with their act just because, oh my god, your parents didn t tell you that your opinion wasn t worth that much,  Crowder said.For emphasis, he added,  I m not your gender studies professor who has to cater to your trigger warning, microagression, safe space bulls**t! It wasn t long before Crowder was apparently accused of being a  racist. Oh, I m a racist that s a new one. Where d you learn that, in social human studies 101?  the comedian asked mockingly.But the bigger issue, Crowder explained, is that the left is now  openly against  free speech and the open debate of ideas. You re not fighting for free speech, you re not fighting for rights   you re fighting for the right to be a p***y and not hear opinions that you don t like,  he said. Alright, I m done,  he concluded. Via: The Blaze",0
20676,"MUSLIM MIGRANTS SHOW Appreciation To German Hosts By Spreading Feces, Vomit And Blood On Asylum Walls","Assimilation or respect for the host country is not a strong suit for Muslim migrants/rapefugees Asylum seekers have left an asylum home and have smeared blood, vomit and feces all over the walls according to police.In preparation for the visit of U.S. President Barack Obama, riot police in the German town of Hameln needed somewhere for the officers to stay overnight. The police were offered a barracks that previously held migrants but were shocked to discover that the past residents had smeared faeces, vomit and blood all over the walls of the former asylum home reports Junge Freiheit.North Rhine-Westphalia police refused the accommodation due to the unsanitary conditions the barracks had been left in. The Facebook page of the German police union posted pictures of the former migrant home saying,  semen, blood and faeces on the walls and in the beds. Inside cockroaches were eating. The union went on to say that the officers would not sleep in the conditions and preferred to spend the night in their vehicles instead.One policeman said that the only reason they felt they were able to seek alternate accommodations was by showing media what the asylums seekers had left for them. They called the conditions  catastrophic. The difficulty of bringing migrants up to speed with Western hygienic norms has been shown time and time again over the migrant crisis. The border town of Nickelsdorf in particular was said to have been struggling with garbage and sewage left by migrants.Trains had to be disinfected entirely because many migrants did not know how to operate a western style toilet and opted to defecate on the floor or in a urinal. Via: Breitbart News ",0
20677,WHY GROWN MAN WAS ARRESTED In Democrats New “Safe Space” For Pedophiles Is DISGUSTING…Are You Paying Attention Target?,"As a mother of three young girls, if anything like this were to happen to one of my daughters in a bathroom, dressing room or shower that is open to potential rapists and pedophiles by a company like say Target they would be looking at massive law suit, as I would consider them an accomplice to the crime.A Pennsylvania man who was arrested for taking photos of a 10-year-old girl in a public restroom has now also been hit with child porn charges, police report.Quarryville, PA, resident James Thomas Shoemaker, 19, was arrested last week when he was found hiding in a stall of the woman s bathroom in the Sheetz store on Manheim Pike. Police said he was taking images of young girls on his cell phone.The arrest comes as progressives step up their judicial and media push to force American adults and youths to share all of their public bathrooms and changing rooms with the small number of people who try to live and look like people of the opposite sex. In mid-April, for example, Target stores announced they would only allow mixed-sex changing rooms and toilets. On April 21, media outlets claimed that Donald Trump supported the progressive campaign to eliminate single-sex bathrooms.In fact, Trump backs the current live-and-let-live policy favored by most Americans, in which they willingly tolerate the quiet use of normal bathrooms by people of the opposite sex. There s a big move to create new bathrooms   for transgender [people]   that would be discriminatory in a certain way [and] that would be unbelievably expensive for businesses in the country,  Trump said April 21.  Leave it the way it is,  he added.In Quarryville, the suspect was accused of entering the women s restroom and staying there for about an hour. Police also said that while in the facility he looked at pornography on his cell phone and then used his phone to take photos of a child who entered the room. The child alleged that Shoemaker held his cell phone over the top of the stall she was in and recorded her activities.Shoemaker consented to allowing police to look through the images on his cell phone whereupon they discovered nude photos of his girlfriend. But police also learned that the girlfriend is only 16 and now they ve hit the suspect with a felony child pornography charge on top of the third degree misdemeanor invasion of privacy charge he was already facing.The arrest in Pennsylvania comes about two weeks after the arrest of a man in California who was dressed as a woman and caught taking video of women in a Macy s store women s restroom. Via: Breitbart News",0
20678,"STUDENTS USE “Free Speech” Wall To Paint “offensive, hurtful” Message Supporting Trump… Hispanic Students Call Emergency Meeting [VIDEO]","Remember when colleges and university were one of the best places in America to have discussions about politics? To be clear, the university does in fact support free speech unless of course, you re a Trump supporter Several events for Ohio University s Greek Week, an annual, weeklong event focused on philanthropy, have been canceled after some Sorority and Fraternity Life members painted  Build the Wall  on an area typically designated for graffiti last week.The Greek Week events, set to take place between April 11 and 18, were amended after unnamed members of Sorority and Fraternity Life painted the graffiti wall by Bentley Hall, including the phrase  Build the Wall,  according to a letter sent Sunday to sororities and fraternities.The phrase has been a part of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump s campaign to construct a wall between the United States and Mexico to discourage immigration from South and Central American countries.The letter was addressed to the  OU Sorority and Fraternity Life community and supporters,  and was signed by the Interfraternity Council, Multicultural Greek Council, National Pan-Hellenic Council and the Women s Panhellenic Association. This phrase is offensive and hurtful to many individuals as it is directly tied to the Hispanic/Latino/a community, makes them feel marginalized, and the message was interpreted that they do not belong at Ohio University,  the letter stated. Via: The Post AthensNo regard was given to the potentially  offensive  message Hispanic students painted over Trump message:",0
20679,HOW MEXICO COULD ACTUALLY Benefit From A Trump Presidency,"It s easier to hate Trump and spew venom at him and his supporters than to use logic and reason Donald Trump has already forced Mexico to clean up its national image, underscoring how the country suffering from NAFTA could actually benefit from a Trump presidency.Mexico is launching a massive PR campaign to improve perceptions of the country after Trump exposed many of its problems, but this is a good thing: sometimes it takes your worst critic to enforce needed change.In fact, Trump s proposed border wall, hatred of the North American Free Trade Agreement and nationalistic views could help America s southern neighbor.For one thing, a lot of people don t realize NAFTA has fueled mass unemployment in Mexico, which has caused thousands of illegal immigrants to flood into the U.S. looking for jobs. There are no jobs [in Mexico] and NAFTA forced the price of corn so low that it s not economically possible to plant a crop anymore,  Rufino Dom nguez, the former coordinator of the Binational Front of Indigenous Organizations, revealed.  We come to the U.S. to work because we can t get a price for our product at home. There s no alternative. NAFTA disrupted Mexico s corn production so badly that 75,000 Iowa farmers were able to grow twice as much corn as 3,000,000 Mexican producers   and at half the cost because the U.S. maintained its corn subsidies under NAFTA.That resulted in the mass migration of Mexican farm workers flowing into America. The big wave in illegal immigration from Mexico began in the 1980s, but it picked up strongly after NAFTA   that wasn t unexpected,  NPR s Tim Robbins reported.And which presidential candidate has spoke out against NAFTA and other destructive trade agreements? Donald Trump. It s a disaster,  he said in Sept.  We will either renegotiate it, or we will break it. For entire story: Prison Planet ",0
20680,DEMOCRATS ARE AFRAID That Trump Will Beat Hillary…And Here’s The Proof [VIDEO],"Don t let Hillary s cheerleaders in the mainstream media convince you that she can beat Trump. Trump has proven himself to be a formidable opponent and don t forget that Hillary was beaten by an amateur Jr. Senator in 2008. I ve consistently said throughout the analysis of this race that I would not want to run against Donald Trump because I think he s the most dangerous candidate. Give me Ted Cruz, give me John Kasich, give me any of the vanquished they re traditional politicians, easy to beat. And, Ted Cruz, in particular, way outside the mainstream,  she said. Donald Trump, when you look from what he said the other day about the gender bill and using the bathrooms, it proves that point because he knows how to appeal to not only Libertarians but to Independents who support that, too.   So he will be a very, very tough candidate to face in a general election. I think it will be one of the closest elections we see since 2000. https://youtu.be/ZqtKc1aPiA4",0
20681,HILLARY PAYS Professional Trolls $1 MILLION To Make Her Look Popular On Social Media,"It s good to be worth tens of millions of dollars when you discover you need more than a vagina to win the Democrat nomination Hillary Clinton-aligned Super PAC, Correct the Record, is taking a page out of Vladimir Putin s playbook by employing a $1 million dollar professional internet troll army to build a paid, positive consensus about the Clinton campaign. The effort, called  Breaking Barriers 2016,  claims: While Hillary Clinton fights to break down barriers and bring America together, the Barrier Breakers 2016 digital task force will serve as a resource for supporters looking for positive content and push-back to share with their online progressive communities, as well as thanking prominent supporters and committed superdelegates on social media. Correct The Record will invest more than $1 million into Barrier Breakers 2016 activities, including the more than tripling of its digital operation to engage in online messaging both for Secretary Clinton and to push back against attackers on social media platforms like Twitter, Facebook, Reddit, and Instagram.  The campaign will essentially be employing an unknown number of paid, pro-Hillary trolls to spread positive news about the candidate and counter anyone posting negative information about her. And these aren t just ragtag trolls living in their mothers  basements   they are industry and campaign professionals. As Correct the Record acknowledges: The task force staff s backgrounds are as diverse as the community they will be engaging with and include former reporters, bloggers, public affairs specialists, designers, Ready for Hillary alumni, and Hillary super fans who have led groups similar to those with which the task force will organize.  Via: Zero Hedge",0
20682,WATCH: Duck Dynasty’s Willie Robertson Makes Debut On FOX News With Hilarious Commentary On Hillary And Bernie,You gotta love the socialist duck analogy ,0
20683,LONDON MARATHON Water Station Robbed By Group Of Looters [Video],"Water stations are set up along marathon courses with the understanding that the water is for the runners. We think this group of looters didn t get that memo. They blatantly go about stealing the cases of water right in front of everyone. Hugh Brasher, Event Director for London Marathon Events Ltd, said:  It s very disappointing to see water being stolen in this way from the official water stations for our runners   These water stations are staffed by volunteers and we are very grateful to them for their work on Race Day.  We always brief our volunteers not to get into altercations if this kind of thing happens. We ll investigate this further.  ",0
20684,“FRIGHTENING TREND”: Helmet-Cam Video Released After Arrest Of Motorcyclist [Video],"The thrill seekers on motorcycles are putting lives at risk by traveling at speeds over 100 mph on the highway. As you ll see in the video below, this nut job is weaving in and out of traffic going both ways. The video and more footage was confiscated when the police took the helmet cam from the guy they arrested. This is a frightening trend. Sheriff Tom Knight took the opportunity to point out that there have been 84 traffic crashes involving motorcycles in Sarasota County since the beginning of the year. It s like footage from a movie or video game: The first-person view from a motorcyclist weaving in and out of traffic at speeds well over 100 miles an hour. But the footage is real   taken from a motorcyclist s helmet-cam after his arrest   and deputies say these dangerous acts are happening too often.Sergey Baygulov was arrested on a charge of aggravated fleeing earlier this month. Sarasota deputies say he sped past a marked law enforcement vehicle before fleeing to his job, where he was later arrested.As part of their investigation, detectives confiscated his helmet-mounted camera, which they say contains lengthy video showing him cruising along River Road and Interstate 75 in southern Sarasota County, exceeding speeds of 110 mph while darting in and out of traffic and coming inches from other vehicles, including a school bus. ",0
20685,"AMBASSADOR CHRIS STEVENS’ Fiancé Speaks Out About Hillary Leaving Him To Die: “If he was a friend, you don’t let a friend down” [VIDEO]","It s amazing that Hillary will likely never be held accountable for the deaths of four brave Americans in Benghazi. So many family members and loved ones will have to live the rest of their lives knowing they will never see these men again, while the person responsible is the front-runner in the Democrat party for President of the United States. You just can t make this stuff up Former Fianc  of Ambassador Chris Stevens and actress and model Lydie Denier joined Steve Malzberg on Newsmax TV to discuss her memory of the late Libyan Ambassador.Ambassador Chris Stevens was murdered on September 11, 2012 in an Islamist terrorist attack.Lydie weigh in on Benghazi, and her piece:  A Voice for Ambassador Chris Stevens. She told Steve Hillary should have done a better job.Lydie Denier: As far as Hillary Clinton, it would take more than six minutes to say how I feel. But, obviously you know how I feel. I think she should have done a better job for security. And, not ignoring his requests for security. If he was a friend, as she said, then you don t let a friend down.   NewsMaxVia: Gateway Pundit ",0
20686,AL SHARPTON USES PRINCE’S DEATH To Fill Seats At Race Baiting Rally For Another Thug Killed By Cops,"Never let an opportunity go to waste. Its the Democrat mantra Whenever a black person dies, no matter what the circumstances, the first and most important question is: How can Al Sharpton turn this into dollars? With the death of funk/pop icon Prince yesterday, you re probably thinking there is no way the race-hustling Reverend can turn the tragedy into social justice (AKA cold hard cash) but you re underestimating his awesome powers of exploitation.The Amsterdam News reports that Al Sharpton will be holding a rally on Saturday at the National Action Network s House of Justice in New York. I m not kidding, he really has a place he calls the  House of Justice.  The original purpose of this rally was to protest the police shooting a black guy who pointed a gun at officers, but with Prince s untimely death, Sharpton has decided to combine faux outrage with a faux tribute.Here s the black guy who was  wronged  by a racist system:Tillman was fatally shot by NYPD officers on Sunday in Ozone Park, Queens. Reports indicate that he was allegedly holding an open alcohol container when officers approached him. Tillman had a gun on his waistband and allegedly ran as they approached him. Police say he reached for the weapon before officers opened fire shooting Tillman in the chest. He was pronounced dead at Jamaica Medical Center.Let s see if I have this correctly: A black guy was carrying an illegal firearm in NYC and violating the city s drinking in public law. When police tried to question him, he resisted arrest and took off. He then took out the illegal firearm and pointed it at officers and they responded by shooting him. In other words, police used appropriate force to deal with a violent life-threatening situation. How exactly is this a case of racial injustice? Oh, because the guy was black. I get it now.I guess it s getting harder and harder for Sharpton to find any real racism to rage against, so he has to work with what he s got.Just in case people have a hard time freaking out over a justified police shooting, Big Al is throwing in a tribute to Prince to get asses in the seats:As the aftermath of the death of singer Prince continues, Sharpton will conduct a special memorial in honor of the legendary entertainer and humanitarian.I wasn t aware there was  aftermath  from Prince s death, but it sure does seem like a shitty tribute to combine this with some bogus racial outrage over a guy who got shot for trying to kill some cops.Really the only question left is: how will Sharpton blame Prince s death on white supremacy? Was there a white conspiracy to kill the singer? Did he die because white EMTs responded slower than they would have if Prince were white? Did a white man give him the flu and force him to take opioids?Via: DownTrend ",0
20687,"BEYONCE DOUBLES DOWN…Debuts #LEMONADE, Another Race Baiting, Cop-Hating, Pro-Obama Song…With Sweet Michael Brown’s Mama and Serena Williams","Most of the world will be obsessed with Beyonce s new release, Lemonade because of her unexpected confession that she is married to a cheating pig. We have instead chosen to focus instead on the continuing efforts of the dynamic racist duo to promote distrust and hate for our law enforcemen, while helping their dear friend Barack Obama to promote racial division in America. Beyonce s self-portrayal as a saint leading women to baptism is laughable considering the hateful and divisive messages she continues to promote in her songs. She has become nothing more than a tool for Obama and the Black Lives Matter terror group. Anyone who buys her music from her husband s racist label is making a direct contribution to hate.The mothers of Trayvon Martin and and Michael Brown are featured in Beyonce s new album, which was released on Jay-Z s Tidal streaming service on Saturday night after an HBO special promoting it.Lemonade is the title of both the singer s first album in three years, and the  visual album  which aired on HBO to promote it. And the singer continued to lace her work with a political message, as well as hitting out at her husband Jay-Z amid rumors of infidelity while ultimately appearing to forgive him.The film which aired on HBO served as a bold tribute to the perseverance of African American women and the Black Lives Matter movement.The pop queen drew a theme early in Lemonade as the film cuts to a snippet from late civil rights leader Malcolm X, who is heard saying:  The most disrespected person in America is the black woman. Later, Mike Brown s mother Lesley McSpadden is seen crying as she holds a photo of her late son, whose shooting death by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri in 2014 sparked protests and a Department of Justice investigation.Trayvon Martin s mother Sybrina Fulton is also seen holding a photo of her son, who was shot dead at the age of 17 by George Zimmerman, in a case that sparked national outrage in 2012. After screening on HBO, the album will only be available on Tidal, Jay Z s pay-for music subscription. However, HBO will screen a rerun on Sunday April 24 at 8pm Eastern Time.Beyonc  has been known to get political with her music   she caused controversy at the Super Bowl after she and her dancers dressed similarly to the Black Panther Party, which was known for being confrontational with officers.Just before the Super Bowl, Beyonc  released Formation and accompanied the song with a video in line with the burgeoning Black Lives Matter movement against perceived police brutality, with one scene showing officers raising their hands up as if under arrest.The video won wide praise from activists and Beyonc s fan base, although her political turn outraged some conservatives.Beyonc , one of the most successful contemporary artists who has mostly avoided controversy in the past, later said in an interview that she was taking issue with abuses, not with all police.The pop queen, whose Formation World Tour begins next month, again got political in the visual album.In addition to playing a quote from Malcolm X, the singer included the mothers of African-American victims of police brutality and gun violence.Mike Brown s mother Lesley McSpadden is seen crying as she holds a photo of her late son, whose shooting death by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri in 2014 sparked protests and a Department of Justice investigation.Trayvon Martin s mother Sybrina Fulton is also seen holding a photo of her son, who was shot dead at the age of 17 by George Zimmerman, in a case that sparked national outrage in 2012. In another segment, Beyonc  sings about breaking her own chains and being free.And in a spoken-word interlude, a young African-American man talks about how President Obama inspired him.Lemonade also included clips of a young Beyonc  with her father, Mathew Knowles. Beyonc  sits next to him on the sofa, as they exchange  I love yous. The film begins with a mention of her father, as Beyonc  whispers:  Where do you go when you go quiet? You remind me of my father, a magician, able to exist in two places at once.  In the tradition of men, in my blood you come home at 3am and lie to me. What are you hiding?  she whispers.And she makes numerous pointed references to an unfaithful lover   before her husband Jay Z appears as she sings about forgiveness. In the fourth track of the album, titled Sorry, Beyonc  sings:  Middle fingers up, put them hands high. Wave it in his face, tell him, boy, bye. Tell him, boy, bye, middle fingers up. I ain t thinking bout you. She concludes:  He better call Becky with the good hair.  The scene drove viewers and listeners wild, with thousands of comments flooding Twitter about this elusive  Becky . Within minutes  #BeckyWithTheGoodHair  was trending on Twitter.As she sits at a piano alone, viewers see flashback scenes of her wedding to Jay Z in 2008, and them lying in bed together. My daddy warned me about men like you,  she sings.  Cause every promise, don t work out that way. Nothing seems to hurt like the smile on your face.  At one point she sings  Are you cheating on me?  then later says she is  jealous and crazy .Later, the couple appear together as she sings:  Baptize me. Now that reconciliation is possible, if we re gonna heal, let it be glorious. Another clip showed the pair getting matching  IV  tattoos on their ring fingers in a tribute to their daughter Blue Ivy.But anyone that wants to rewatch it will have to download Tidal, which holds exclusive rights to the whole album.Tidal, which costs $9.99-a-month, is Jay Z s attempt to rival free services like Spotify and YouTube, which he claims to not value artists  content. It was set up in early 2015 after Jay Z bought the company from its Swedish founders. Via: Daily Mail ",0
20688,"OBAMA TO BRITAIN On His Legacy: I Saved The World Economy, Made Deal With Iran, Stopped Ebola","Hey Barry you forgot to mention that time you parted the seas oh wait, that wasn t you. Why not tell Britain the truth? Tell them how you created the most hostile atmosphere towards law enforcement that this nation has ever seen. How your real legacy will be that of the worst racial division since the civil rights era. You also neglected to mention that you destroyed our relationship with Israel (our only true ally in the Middle East), while making  friends  with communist regimes and cutting lopsided deals with radical Islamic nations who openly advertise their hate for America for all the world to see. Don t kid yourself Barry. Your legacy will be that of the worst President to ever occupy the White House.  President Barack Obama boasted of his legacy during a town hall in Britain, asserting that he single- handedly saved the world during his presidency. Saving the world economy from a Great Depression   that was pretty good,  Obama bragged when asked by a student in London what he wanted his legacy to be.He recalled that when he visited London in 2009, the world economy was in a  freefall  because of irresponsible behavior of financial institutions around the world. For us to be able to mobilize the world s community, to take rapid action, to stabilize the financial markets, and then in the United States to pass Wall Streets reforms that make it much less likely that a crisis like that can happen again, I m proud of that,  he said.Here s your real legacy Barry...Obama also touted his Iran nuclear deal as  something I m very proud of  asserting that he successfully stopped their nuclear weapons program without going to war.He griped that everybody forgot about his efforts in stopping the Ebola crisis, saving  hundreds of thousands of lives. I think that I have been true to myself during this process,  Obama said, insisting that the things he said while running for office  matched up  with his presidency. I ll look at a scorecard in the end,  he concluded.  Change takes time. Oftentimes what you start has then to be picked up by your successors or the next generation. He added that the fight for change was like a relay race and that he was prepared to pass the baton to his successor.Enter Hillary Hopefully they re running in the right direction,  he joked.Via: Breitbart News ",0
20689,NBA THREATENS NC…Let Men Share Bathrooms With Your Daughters Or We’ll Cancel All-Star Game,"So in other words, parents better allow men to use the same bathrooms and locker rooms as your little girls or the NBA is gathering up their balls and running away. Is the NBA still a professional sports organization, or have they morphed into a radical social change group? If the answer is the latter, you won t see me pay another dime to sit in the stands of another NBA game. I don t think I m alone in that thinking either. Putting social issues before the safety and well-being of women and children is misguided and dangerous. Click HERE to comment on NBA Commissioner Adam Silver s Facebook page. Commissioner Adam Silver believes the NBA has been  crystal clear  that the 2017 All-Star Game only stays in Charlotte if a North Carolina law goes.Political and business leaders he s spoken with in the state believe it will, so he s holding off for now on setting any deadlines for when the NBA might act.Silver said last week that the law that limits anti-discrimination protections for lesbian, gay and transgender people was  problematic  for the league, but he believed dialogue was more useful than ultimatums at this point, so has continued discussions with North Carolina officials. The sense was that if the NBA could give us some time, they in the community of North Carolina were optimistic they would see a change in the law. They weren t guaranteeing it and I think which was why my response was the event still is 10 months from now, we don t need to make a decision yet,  Silver said Thursday during a meeting of Associated Press Sports Editors. We ve been, I think, crystal clear that we believe a change in the law is necessary for us to play in the kind of environment that we think is appropriate for a celebratory NBA event, but that we did have some time and that if the view of the people who were allied with us in terms of a change, if their view, the people on the ground in North Carolina, was that the situation would best be served by us not setting a deadline, we would not set a deadline at this time. The North Carolina law directs transgender people to use public toilets corresponding to the sex listed on their birth certificate. The law also excludes LGBT people from state anti-discrimination protections, blocks local governments from expanding LGBT protections, and bars all types of workplace discrimination lawsuits from state courts.Several entertainment acts have already canceled plans for North Carolina but Silver said last week he didn t think a warning that the NBA could pull the All-Star weekend out would send the proper message, particularly because the league still has the Charlotte Hornets, owned by Michael Jordan, playing there. The Hornets host playoff games this weekend.All-Star weekend is scheduled for February. Silver said there is no urgency to make a decision because the league could very easily find out which arenas would take on the event if necessary.Via: AP News  ",0
20690,NEW LAW WILL PUNISH MUSLIM Migrants…Assimilate Or Get Out!,"Is this common sense law even practical given how many Muslims migrants with ties to terrorism have already embedded themselves in communities across Europe. The mass sexual assaults and rapes that took place on New Years Eve in Germany should be a pretty good indicator of how interested these male Muslim migrants are in assimilating.  German Chancellor Angela Merkel s ruling coalition agreed Thursday on tough measures to spur the integration of migrants and refugees, including sanctions for failing to take part in programs such as language classes.The deal, hammered out in six hours of late-night talks between Merkel s conservative Christian Union bloc and the Social Democrats (SPD), also included plans for new anti-terror legislation. Now that hundreds of thousands (over a million) refugees have arrived in our country, we have a double task: to manage and control refugee flows, and not only to register but to integrate the large numbers,  Merkel said at a Berlin press conference on Thursday. We will differentiate between those with good and bad prospects for being allowed to stay, but there will be an offer for everyone who comes to us,  she added. Integration in a society with people from very different cultural backgrounds doesn t happen by itself,  said Vice-Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel, who claimed the new law was a  truly historic step .Indeed, it is the first time a law covering immigration and integration has been mooted since Germany began a postwar programme to invite Turks and other  guest workers  to fuel its economic miracle, which was criticized for failing to provide millions of immigrants and their descendants a stake in German society and a path to citizenship.The integration bill would take a carrot-and-stick approach, providing subsidized courses to help newcomers find their way in German life but, in some cases, denying residence permits to those who fail to take up the offer.Under the new pact seen by AFP, federal funds would be used to create 100,000 jobs for asylum seekers receiving benefits.Those facing imminent deportation would be excluded, but asylum seekers taking part in job training would be shielded from expulsion for the length of the programme.Refugees who abandon state-assigned housing would face unspecified consequences, but waiting periods for acceptance courses teaching German language and customs are to be slashed to six weeks from three months currently. Learning the language is also necessary for temporary stays in Germany,  the document states.The draft law is to be completed on May 24 and then presented to parliament, where the so-called grand coalition has a large majority.Germany took in more than one million asylum seekers in 2015 and Merkel has faced mounting criticism from sceptics, particularly from within her conservative camp, arguing that Europe s top economy is ill-equipped to cope with the influx.The closure of the so-called Balkan route taken by many migrants has led to a sharp decline in new arrivals in recent weeks.Via: The Local de",0
20691,"MURDERERS AND RAPISTS FOR HILLARY: VA Governor, Close Clinton Friend Gives 206,000 Felons Voting Rights, Releases Them From Jail Before Election","The good news for Hillary is that she should be able to connect with these hardened criminals on a personal level. The only thing that stands behind Hillary and an orange jumpsuit is her husband s connections and the corrupt Democrat machine that can t get enough of the Clinton Crime Syndicate.In a move called  unprecedented  by the Richmond-Times Dispatch, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe signed a sweeping order that grants 206,000 convicted felons voting rights just months before the presidential election.McAuliffe s order extends to non-violent and violent felons, including convicted murderers and rapists, an expert told the New York Times.If some cannot abide by society s standards, those standards are  barriers  that society  must break down,  McAuliffe affirmed in announcing the order. If we are going to build a stronger and more equal Virginia, we must break down barriers to participation in civic life for people who return to society seeking a second chance. We must welcome them back and offer the opportunity to build a better life by taking an active role in our democracy. I believe it is time to cast off Virginia s troubling history of injustice and embrace an honest, clean process for restoring the rights of these men and women,  the governor said in a statement.McAuliffe couched his move in terms of social justice and civil rights, having compared felon disenfranchisement to a poll tax. The order will likely boost black voter turnout in a critical swing state that could deliver Hillary Clinton   one estimate provided to the New York Times claimed as many as one in five blacks in Virginia lost their right to vote after being convicted for committing felonies. Via: Breitbart News ",0
20692,MUSLIM IMMIGRANT Chanted “Allahu Akbar” While Raping Gas Station Attendant…Refused To Appear In ND Court,"Was this Somali immigrant refusing to appear in a ND court simply because he does not recognize American law? Or is it simply a case of believing he is entitled to special privileges because he is a  victim  of Islamaphobia in America? *UPDATE to story belowOriginal Story Dec 9, 2015A Muslim migrant who kidnapped a North Dakota woman and raped her while chanting  Allahu Akbar  has refused to appear in court.Abdulrahman Ali, a Somalian who arrived in America four years ago, is accused of sexually assaulting a gas station attendant in a bathroom at Gordy s Travel Plaza in Mapleton, North Dakota.After trying to kiss her, Ali allegedly forced the woman into the women s bathroom, locked the door behind him and started sexually molesting her while slapping and kicking the victim. When the woman tried to escape, Ali threw her against the wall. Documents say she was unsure if Ali was speaking English or a different language, but she could recognize one thing Ali said while they were in the bathroom alone. She heard Ali utter  Allah Akbar,  which, in Arabic means God is the greatest,  reports Valley News Live.Ali s sister responded to the arrest by claiming her brother was a  good person  but that he was suffering from mental health issues.Ali, who refused to face a judge, claiming he was sick, faces charges of gross sexual imposition, kidnapping, aggravated assault, and two counts of terrorizing.The report again underscores concerns that the west is importing a real rape culture via the influx of refugees and migrants from the Middle East and North Africa.Rapes occurring in and around migrant camps are now so prevalent, that authorities in Germany are covering up details of incidents so as not to  legitimize  critics of mass immigration.Via: Valley News Live*UPDATE- April 13, 2016 A Fargo man charged late last year with sexually assaulting a Mapleton store clerk appeared Wednesday, April 13, in Cass County District Court, but his case appears to be stalled for now as attorneys wait for a mental health exam.Abdulrahman Ibrahim Ali, 36, faces charges of gross sexual imposition, kidnapping, aggravated assault, and terrorizing stemming from an incident in December at Gordy s Travel Plaza in Mapleton. The most serious charge, Class AA felony gross sexual imposition, could carry a lifetime prison term if Ali were convicted.At one point Wednesday, Ali said he was having problems at the Cass County Jail and that he was taking medication but was not sleeping.Mental evaluations are used in criminal cases to assess whether a defendant is unable to assist in his own defense or was mentally ill or deficient at the time of the alleged crime. Either situation can prevent a defendant from standing trial.Ali s family has said he suffers from biploar disorder and that minor criminal charges against him in Ohio and Minnesota were dismissed on mental illness grounds.",0
20693,AWESOME! COLLEGE PROF CALLS COPS On Conservatives But Didn’t Expect This! [Video],"Bravo! It s about time the left got called out on their ridiculous claims! Conservative journalists had the cops called on them by a professor who didn t expect this to happen to her: An American University faculty member attempted to make life difficult for journalists covering a campus protest last night, but her plan went awry after she called the police.The Washington Examiner s Ashe Schow was at AU last night reporting on Breitbart tech editor Milo Yiannopolous  visit to campus. (Schow tells me she was there on behalf of a forthcoming documentary, Thought Police, and was not representing The Examiner.) Yiannopoulos is a deliberately controversial figure, and his presence on campus prompted a student protest.A female faculty member now dubbed Melissa Click 2.0 tried to interfere, telling Schow and her camera crew that they were required to accompany her inside. They had to follow  certain regulations that the university is guided by  because AU is providing  a safe space for everybody who works or studies on this campus,  she claimed.After the faculty member realized Schow s group was recording her, she became hostile.  Are you kidding me?  she asked.  Seriously, I m calling the police. The police didn t immediately respond to her call. Later, when the cops did appear, the faculty member expected them to escort the journalists off campus. Instead, they wanted to have a chat with the faculty member, according to Breitbart News. The police came over and she thought they were going to save her but actually they escorted HER away,  Schow wrote on Twitter. ",0
20694,ACTRESS JODIE FOSTER Weighs In On The Phony ‘War On Women’…Hillary Won’t Like This!," Jodie Foster gives a dose of common sense to set the record straight on the phony war on women being pushed by the left: I don t think there is a big plot to keep women down Jodie Foster said she s tired of people oversimplifying the issue of gender equality in Hollywood, declaring that there isn t some major plot in the industry  to keep women down. The 53-year-old  Money Monster  director made the comments Wednesday during a panel at the Tribeca Film Festival with fellow director Julie Taymor, Variety reported.Ms. Foster said,  I feel like the issue is way more complicated than saying,  Why aren t women making big mainstream franchises? There are so many reasons,  she continued.  Some of them are about our psychology, some of them are about the financial world, some of them are about the global economy. There are so many answers to that go back hundreds of years. It would be nice to be able to have a more complex conversation and to be able to look at it more than just a quota or numbers. I don t think there is a big plot to keep women down,  she added.  It is neglect really, and a lot of people that weren t thinking about it, and a lot of female executives who have risen to the top, who have not really made a dent of bringing many women into the mainstream world. Money Monster,  Ms. Foster s fourth feature film which premieres next month at the Cannes Film Festival, tells the story of a failed investor who holds a television commentator hostage on live TV, Variety reported. Though it comes at a time when Wall Street is at the center of debate in the Democratic presidential race, Ms. Foster insisted the film isn t meant to be political. For me really it is a character film,  she told the magazine.  The backdrop of technology is really interesting to me.   Technology is making us closer and we have this virtual intimacy that sometimes feels closer than real intimacy. Via: WT ",0
20695,HILLARY CAUGHT IN THE ACT OF Breaking The Law In NY To Get Votes [VIDEO],"Imagine what it must be like to be one of the only people in America who doesn t have to abide by any of our laws. Apparently it pays to be a Clinton.Even though it s against the law to campaign inside the polling place or within 100 feet of the measured entrances of the polling place in NY, Hillary and Bill can clearly been seen breaking that law in the video below. Much like Obama though, Hillary knows that no one will hold her accountable for her actions. She and Bill are above the laws that the  everyday people  Hillary claims to be a champion for, are required to follow.Watch Hillary and Bill pander for votes in the video below:NY State Law Prohibiting Electioneering Activities In NY: While the polls are open no person shall do any electioneering within the polling place, or in any public street, within a one hundred foot radial measured from the entrances designated by the inspectors of election, to such polling place or within such distance in any place in a public manner; and no political banner, button, poster or placard shall be allowed in or upon the polling place or within such one hundred foot radial. (N.Y. Election Law   8 104(1))",0
20696,"HELPING HILLARY: What The Virginia Governor Just Did Will Help 200,000 More People Vote For Hillary","Felons get to vote all of a sudden in Virginia because the governor is a buddy of the Clinton s .dirty politics seems to follow the Clintons. There s a long history of corruption between McAuliffe and Bill Clinton. Once again, they re just helping each other out  On Friday Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D-VA) gave 200,000 felons the right to vote. The list includes rapists and murderers. But, it s OK. It will help Hillary Clinton in the fall. The Washington Post reported:Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D) will make all ex-felons in Virginia eligible to vote in the upcoming presidential election, part of a years-long effort to restore full voting rights to former convicts.McAuliffe s announcement in Richmond on Friday will allow an estimated 180,000 to 210,000 former felons who are not in prison or on probation or parole to register to vote this year in Virginia, a battleground state, according to a coalition of civil rights groups that had pushed for the restoration of voting rights.Advocates said McAuliffe s move was the biggest-ever single action taken to restore voting rights in this country. It is a historic day for democracy in Virginia and across our nation,  said Tram Nguyen, co-executive director of the New Virginia Majority, a progressive activist group.  The disenfranchisement of people who have served their sentences was an outdated, discriminatory vestige of our nation s Jim Crow past. Many Republicans viewed McAuliffe s action as a blatant favor to his longtime friend Hillary Clinton, for whom he and his wife recently raised $2 million at their McLean home. It is hard to describe how transparent the Governor s motives are,  House Speaker William J. Howell (R-Stafford) said in a statement.  The singular purpose of Terry McAuliffe s governorship is to elect Hillary Clinton President of the United States. This office has always been a stepping stone to a job in Hillary Clinton s cabinet.Republicans were particularly outraged that the policy doesn t take into account the violence of the crime, whether the person committed serial crimes, whether they ve committed crimes since completing their sentence or whether they ve paid their victims back for medical bills.Via: WaPo",0
20697,GLOBAL CLIMATE CHANGE LIARS Ignore Truth About EARTH DAY Founder: Murdered Girlfriend…Turned Her Into Compost,"Global Climate cooling warming change frauds around the world are celebrating Earth Day today. If they were just celebrating God s glorious gift to mankind that would be one thing, but they re not. Jack-holes like Barack Obama are jumping on gas guzzling, CO2 emitting jets and flying to Europe to lecture Europeans on the dangers of cow farts and such. They re shutting down coal industries around the world, leaving a wide swath of mass poverty in their wake, which interestingly enough, affects the least protected class in America; the white working man. But none of these things matter to a group of we-know-better-than-you Leftists who base their fight against energy producers on  science  that is less than settled as the basis for their arguments. It s time to peel back the layers of fraud and deceit and stand up to the climate change bullies who are actually beginning to threaten prosecution for anyone who disagrees with them.Having expressed our views on the validity of global  whatever they call it today, it seems like the perfect time to expose the founder of Earth Day.  Enjoy Ira Einhorn was on stage hosting the first Earth Day event at the Fairmount Park in Philadelphia on April 22, 1970. Seven years later, police raided his closet and found the  composted  body of his ex-girlfriend inside a trunk.A self-proclaimed environmental activist, Einhorn made a name for himself among ecological groups during the 1960s and  70s by taking on the role of a tie-dye-wearing ecological guru and Philadelphia s head hippie. With his long beard and gap-toothed smile, Einhorn   who nicknamed himself  Unicorn  because his German-Jewish last name translates to  one horn   advocated flower power, peace and free love to his fellow students at the University of Pennsylvania. He also claimed to have helped found Earth Day.But the charismatic spokesman who helped bring awareness to environmental issues and preached against the Vietnam War   and any violence   had a secret dark side. When his girlfriend of five years, Helen  Holly  Maddux, moved to New York and broke up with him, Einhorn threatened that he would throw her left-behind personal belongings onto the street if she didn t come back to pick them up.And so on Sept. 9, 1977, Maddux went back to the apartment that she and Einhorn had shared in Philadelphia to collect her things, and was never seen again. When Philadelphia police questioned Einhorn about her mysterious disappearance several weeks later, he claimed that she had gone out to the neighborhood co-op to buy some tofu and sprouts and never returned.It wasn t until 18 months later that investigators searched Einhorn s apartment after one of his neighbors complained that a reddish-brown, foul-smelling liquid was leaking from the ceiling directly below Einhorn s bedroom closet. Inside the closet, police found Maddux s beaten and partially mummified body stuffed into a trunk that had also been packed with Styrofoam, air fresheners and newspapers.After his arrest, Einhorn jumped bail and spent decades evading authorities by hiding out in Ireland, Sweden, the United Kingdom and France. After 23 years, he was finally extradited to the United States from France and put on trial. Taking the stand in his own defense, Einhorn claimed that his ex-girlfriend had been killed by CIA agents who framed him for the crime because he knew too much about the agency s paranormal military research. He was convicted of murdering Maddux and is currently serving a life sentence. Via: NBC News h/t Weasel Zippers I don t think there is a person alive who doesn t agree we should be good stewards of the earth and that we should always be searching to find ways to leave this earth better than when we found it. The time has come however, for Americans to stand up to what is really a backdoor attempt at total government control over our lives.Read story at link: EYE-OPENING: Why Liberals Won t Talk About White, Poverty Stricken, Rural AmericansAre you willing to sit back and watch your fellow Americans working in the essential production of domestic energy lose everything they have worked so hard for their whole lives? What happens to working Americans when our government shuts down coal mines, devastates communities who depend on fracking or towns dependent on offshore drilling? Are you willing to watch entire towns and communities be destroyed because a petulant, huckster President promised he would bankrupt an industry that didn t fit into his radical agenda? People need to stop relying on Donald Trump to fight back. We have the ability today to fight back. Stop allowing people to treat you like a criminal if you don t agree with the climate change lie. Call your local, (Click here for state)and (Click here for federal) representatives and DEMAND they stop placing unrealistic regulations on our coal mines that are essentially being used to shut them down. Individuals have more power when we work together to fight back against a government with a radical progressive agenda. There has never been a better time than now. Make Earth Day be the day you decide to fight back against the dirty little lies of the progressive Left.",0
20698,WHY MAN WHO RAPED AND MURDERED HIS TEACHER Thinks State Should Pay For Sex Change In Prison,"Can the last man/woman out of America s progressive insane asylum please turn out the lights?Thirteen years ago, South Carolina man Edmonds Tennent Brown IV bound, raped and strangled 53-year-old teacher Mary Lynn Witherspoon to death, and now the incarcerated a-hole wants the state to pay for him to transform into a transgender woman named Katheryn Brown. I truly believe my outward appearance does not match or correspond with my inner self,  the delusional bastard wrote in a letter to The Post and Courier.  But as a female I would be complete and a productive member of society because I would actually be comfortable in my own skin. Except that you live in prison, not society, and you obtained this luxurious lifestyle courtesy your willful decision to MURDER this teacher, you heartless prick:This mentally disturbed ingrate also now claims that he never killed Witherspoon, though the copious evidence proves otherwise:Brown s father had dated the teacher from Charlestowne Academy several years earlier, but Brown continued to show up unexpectedly outside Witherspoon s home long after the relationship ended  Witherspoon finally pressed charges after Brown, then 32, broke into her laundry room and stole her underwear in June 2003. While in jail, Brown put together a rambling to-do list that included plans to get a stun gun,  take care of MLW  and put her  on ice   On Nov. 10, 2003, Brown left jail to undergo outpatient mental health treatment  Witherspoon was apparently unaware Brown was free until Brown showed up at her home, investigators said. Once inside, Brown reportedly bound Witherspoon s hands and feet, raped and strangled her, and then left her naked body in a bathtub full of water, according to court documents.  After Brown s arrest for murder, investigators discovered that the suspect had used Witherspoon s credit card to purchase foam breasts and women s clothing from a shop in New York, police documents show. At the time, Brown said, [he] was about seven months away from having sex-reassignment surgery.Even worse, Brown alleges that he only plead guilty 13 years ago because he felt so uncomfortable being dressed as a man in court. Via: DownTrend ",0
20699,POWERFUL: A RAPE SURVIVOR EXPLAINS Why Men Should Never Be Allowed In Women’s Bathrooms And Locker Rooms,"This is a powerful story of a courageous young woman who is fighting for the rights of women and children everywhere in America to feel safe in public bathrooms and locker rooms. It is a MUST read and SHARE story.A few months ago, Kaeley Triller, from the  Keep Locker Rooms Safe  organization and a victim of rape registered for a workshop called  The Story Workshop  at the Allende Center in Seattle. It was primarily aimed at helping survivors of sexual abuse find the purpose and weight in their fractured personal narratives, the conference promised to be intense but deeply healing.I don t know exactly what I expected. I was naively hopeful that I would get a few good writing tips that would enable me to beautify my past and approach it like one of Aesop s fables third-person fiction with a perfect little moral at the end of the story.That s not what happened. One of the pre-assignments was to write 700 words about a painful childhood memory. I was surprised at the one I chose. It wasn t a heavy hitter, so to speak. I wrote about a Polaroid picture I kept rediscovering in a shoebox at my parents  house, and my inability to figure out why looking at it made me want to rip it to shreds.I m about ten years old in the picture, with scraggly hair, pale skin, and a vacant expression. I m wearing my mom s oversized knit sweater and Oxford shoes my dad had bought me. In my hands is a piece of green felt I d cut into the shape of New York for a school report about a U.S. state. Coincidentally or not, New York is the place my abuser had recently moved. I think I wanted to be closer to him. Don t try to understand it. I still don t.My small group dissected the story with grace and insight that could only be offered by those who spoke the same horrific language of shame and rage and grief. I felt nothing as I spoke about it.  It is what it is,  I remember saying, committed to my ambivalence. My group leader brushed away a tear and said,  Kaeley, this story breaks my heart. Why do you hate the little girl in that picture so much?  I couldn t access her understanding or her empathy. I recognized the accuracy of her assessment, but I didn t know how to change it.Later that evening, one of the workshop presenters tasked us with a seemingly benign activity. We were instructed to play with crayons and miniature tubs of play dough on the tables in front of us. I hated these types of exercises. I thought they were such a waste of time. I reached for a purple crayon and reluctantly complied. I drew a picture of a flower and rolled a snake out of my play dough. And I burst into tears.The invitation to engage as a child had revealed my whole dilemma: I didn t hate the little girl in the photo. I hated her need. I hated her anonymity. I hated the visible proof that she loved her abuser. I hated that she didn t know any better, that it took her another ten years to figure out why she still slept with the light on and showered in her underwear and vigilantly lined the crack under the bathroom door with a beach towel and destroyed her teeth with gum she relentlessly chewed as a means of escaping the recollection of his breath on her face. I hated that he fooled her. He fooled everybody. He was really good. Wake up!  I wanted to scream at her.  Can t you see what s going on? Do something about it! It s the same desperate inclination I m fighting today. Everywhere I read in the news, there s talk of another school or gym or business that is boldly adopting  progressive  new locker room policies designed to create equal rights for people who identify as transgender. These policies allow transgender individuals to use the locker room consistent with the sex they identify as their own, regardless of anatomy.While some have proposed a third option for transgender people (single-occupancy restrooms and showers), this option has been largely struck down, and employees are prohibited from suggesting it, as it is considered discriminatory and emotionally damaging to a group of people who are working so hard to fit in. The solution? Anyone can use whatever restroom he or she wants without being questioned.I read these reports, and my heart starts to race. They can t be serious. Let me be clear: I am not saying that transgender people are predators. Not by a long shot. What I am saying is that there are countless deviant men in this world who will pretend to be transgender as a means of gaining access to the people they want to exploit, namely women and children. It already happens. Just Google Jason Pomares, Norwood Smith Burnes, or Taylor Buehler, for starters.While I feel a deep sense of empathy for what must be a very difficult situation for transgender people, at the beginning and end of the day, it is nothing short of negligent to instate policies that elevate the emotional comfort of a relative few over the physical safety of a large group of vulnerable people.Don t they know anything about predators? Don t they know the numbers? That out of every 100 rapes, only two rapists will spend so much as single day in jail while the other 98 walk free and hang out in our midst? Don t they know that predators are known to intentionally seek out places where many of their preferred targets gather in groups? That perpetrators are addicts so committed to their fantasies they ll stop at nothing to achieve them?Do they know that more than 99 percent of single-victim incidents are committed by males? That they are experts in rationalization who minimize their number of victims? Don t they know that insurance companies highlight locker rooms as a high-risk area for abuse that should be carefully monitored and protected?Don t they know that one out of every four little girls will be sexually abused during childhood, and that s without giving predators free access to them while they shower? Don t they know that, for women who have experienced sexual trauma, finding the courage to use a locker room at all is a freaking badge of honor? That many of these women view life through a kaleidoscope of shame and suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder, depression, dissociation, poor body image, eating disorders, drug and alcohol abuse, difficulty with intimacy, and worse?Why would people knowingly invite further exploitation by creating policies with no safeguards in place to protect them from injury? With zero screening options to ensure that biological males who enter locker rooms actually identify as female, how could a woman be sure the person staring at her wasn t exploiting her? Why is it okay to make her wonder? Wake up!  I want to scream.  Can t you see what s going on? Do something about it! Despite the many reports of sexual abuse and assault that exist in our world, there s an even larger number of victims who never tell about it. The reason? They re afraid no one will believe them. Even worse, they re terrified of a reality they already innately know to be true: even if people did know, they wouldn t do anything to help. They re not worth protecting. Even silence feels better than that.There s no way to make everyone happy in the situation of transgender locker room use. So the priority ought to be finding a way to keep everyone safe. I d much rather risk hurting a smaller number of people s feelings by asking transgender people to use a single-occupancy restroom that still offers safety than risk jeopardizing the safety of thousands of women and kids with a policy that gives would-be predators a free pass.Is it ironic to no one that being  progressive  actually sets women s lib back about a century? What of my right to do my darndest to insist that the first time my daughter sees the adult male form it will be because she s chosen it, not because it s forced upon her? What of our emotional and physical rights? Unless and until you ve lined a bathroom door with a towel for protection, you can t tell me the risk isn t there.For me, healing looks like staring at the little girl in a Polaroid photo and validating her need to be seen, heard, and protected instead of hating it. It looks like telling my story, even the parts I can never make pretty, in hopes it will help break the anonymity of survivors and create a sense of responsibility in others to act.I still battle my powerlessness to do anything that feels substantial to affect change, but the good Lord didn t bring me out of Egypt and set my feet upon a rock so I could stand idly by in the face of danger. So even if a little article or Facebook post doesn t ultimately change the world, it s better than silent resignation to negligence and harm. I feel a sense of urgency to invite people to consider the not-so-hidden dangers of these policies before more and more of them get cemented into place. Once that happens, the only way they ll change is when innocent people get hurt.Even if there aren t hundreds of abusers rushing into locker rooms by the dozens, the question I keep asking myself is,  What if just one little girl gets hurt by this? Would that be enough to make people reconsider it? And what if that little girl was me?  It s a question I really don t want to ask. But God s grace has enabled me to value the face in the photo enough to realize that I have to. And even if I don t like the answer, at least I wasn t silent.Author  Kaeley Triller Via: The Federalist",0
20700,WATCH: BERNIE SANDERS Supporter Wants YOU To Pay Off Her $226K Debt…Wait Till You See What A Job With Her Degree Pays,"The entitled generation .Wearing a cardboard sign upon which  $226K  is written in green characters, a supporter of Senator Bernie Sanders told 24-year-old actress Shailene Woodley that she owes $226,000 in debt.@lindsayzissis telling me why she's voting for #BernieSanders she's $226,000 in debt for trying to help the world pic.twitter.com/oo2Z7q8nDv  Shailene Woodley (@shailenewoodley) April 16, 2016Woodley, also a supporter of the socialist senator from Vermont, then asked the young female what she had studied after high school.The answer?  Speech pathology. The average mean wage for a Speech Language Pathologist in the US is $77,000 per year. Sanders has promised  free tuition  nationwide at post-secondary institutions, without specifying conditions relating to preferred pursuits. Under Sanders s proposal, those wishing to become mechanical engineers, pediatricians, or electricians will be afforded the same taxpayers assistance as those studying Greek mythology,  social justice,  or  women s studies.  Via: Daily Wire",0
20701,FLASHBACK: ESPN Female Reporter Still Employed After Being CAUGHT ON VIDEO Berating Garage Attendant…Curt Schilling Fired After Sharing Conservative Views On Facebook,"Leftist Disney owned ESPN has a strange way of determining who is and isn t the type of host they want to be the face of their network.  ESPN just fired baseball great Curt Schilling for sharing an opinion that was contrary to that of leftist Disney owned ESPN when he shared this meme on his personal Facebook page:Schilling added,  A man is a man no matter what they call themselves. I don t care what they are, who they sleep with, men s room was designed for the penis, women s not so much. Now you need laws telling us differently? Pathetic. ESPN then fired Schilling, announcing,  ESPN is an inclusive company. Curt Schilling has been advised that his conduct was unacceptable and his employment with ESPN has been terminated. Asked about the controversy on local radio, Schilling explained,  To be in a place where people actually believe I m a racist or I m transphobic says to me that something has gone horribly askew somewhere. This wasn t the first time Schilling felt the heat from ESPN for his political views. He got slammed for retweeting a graphic that read,  It s said only 5%-10% of Muslims are extremists. In 1940, only 7% of Germans were Nazis. How d that go?  Schilling added,  The math is staggering when you get to true # s.  This was too much for ESPN, which had to step in to defend ISIS, and promptly suspended him from broadcast.Schilling made the horrible mistake of speaking truth in a place where only leftist falsehood is tolerated. ESPN has no problem firing a beloved host for speaking out against radical Islam and the LGBTQ-WXYZ Mafia. ESPN seems to have a soft spot however for female reporters like Britt McHenry (seen in video below) who berate and bully women who she considers to be less fortunate and important than her. Watch here:McHenry was given a one week suspension for her horrific and condescending behavior.ESPN host Stephen A. Smith spoke about former Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice beating his then-girlfriend, and stated,  We also have to make sure that we learn as much as we can about elements of provocation. Not that there s real provocation, but the elements of provocation, you got to make sure that you address them, because we ve got to do is do what we can to try to prevent the situation from happening in any way. And I don t think that s broached enough, is all I m saying. No point of blame.  He was suspended for one week. Schilling suggesting that women be protected from men invading their restrooms, however, was a fireable offense.In the aftermath of the same incident, ESPN host Max Kellerman told a charming story about how when he was dating his now-wife, they were both drunk; she slapped him, and he slapped her back. That carried a short suspension. Kellerman is now back on the air regularly.None of these people committed the ultimate crime: stating that men and women are biologically different and should pee in different places. ESPN, of course, also stumps for more coverage of women s sports, which suggests a question: why not simply open up all women s sports to men, in the name of equality for people of all genders? Or wouldn t that comply with the logically incoherent leftist positional chart?To see more examples of people still working at ESPN who should ve been canned: Daily Wire",0
20702,"IF AMERICA ELECTS HILLARY, She Promises To Reward Voters By Forcing Them To Pay DOUBLE For Soda","Hillary s over-the-top plan to tax the consumer for sugary drinks and soda makes former Mayor Michael Bloomberg look like a chump. Hillary knows what s good for you and what s not now shut up and pay Hillary Clinton on Wednesday came out in favor of a tax on soda that is three times larger than the one floated by Michael Bloomberg when he was mayor of New York City.Speaking at a forum in Philadelphia, Clinton said she was  very supportive  of a proposal unveiled last month by the city s mayor, Jim Kenney.The Democrat is calling for a tax of three cents per ounce on soda and other sugary beverages. The additional revenue   which Kenney estimates to come in at $400 million over the next five years   will help pay for pre-kindergarten education.Kenney s lofty proposal is three times the amount of the tax proposed in 2010 by Bloomberg   a measure which was shot down and made the billionaire the butt of many jokes.Berkeley, Calif. is the only other major U.S. city to enact a soda tax. That liberal enclave has a one-cent tax on sugary beverages.A group called Philadelphians Against Grocery Tax says that the Clinton-backed tariff would double the cost of some grocery items.A 12-pack of 12-ounce sodas would cost an additional $4.32, nearly doubling the price of the item for consumers, according to the group, which is backed by the American Beverage Association.A 2-liter bottle of soda, which contains roughly 68 ounces and costs around $1.50, would more than double in price. The tax would run $2.04. Via: Daily Caller ",0
20703,TARGET MAKES DECISION TO ENDANGER Our Children By Allowing Men In Little Girls Bathrooms,"First it was the decision by Target to make their toy aisles  non-gender specific.  Now, in their latest decision to appease the LGBTQ-RSTUVWXYZ (Please excuse me, but I ve lost track of the rapidly expanding acronym) community, they ve stripped women and our daughters (and even our young boys) of the ability to use a gender specific bathroom. Mega-retailer Target Corp. has opened the door today, literally, to the endangerment of children in service of a fake cause. They have a newly restated policy that says you can basically go into whatever bathroom you want, for whatever reason you want, because inclusivity.From the Minneapolis Star Tribune:Target Corp. made it clear Tuesday that transgender people who visit its stores are welcome to use the bathroom that aligns with their gender identity.The statement by the Minneapolis-based retailer comes amid debates in many state legislatures over restricting public restroom use to the sex listed on a person s birth certificate.While many of those conversations have centered around restrooms in public schools and government buildings, Target appears to be one of the first big-box retailers to take a proactive stance in declaring its position on the matter when it comes to its own restrooms.While they may not be technically public, restrooms in stores are often the most easily accessible and widely available options outside of people s homes and workplaces.Target s position also extends to its fitting rooms. Inclusivity is a core belief at Target,  the company said in a statement on its corporate website.  It s something we celebrate. We stand for equality and equity, and strive to make our guests and team members feel accepted, respected and welcomed in our stores and workplaces every day. Like other do-good liberal idiots, Target honchos suffer from the delusion that are making some bold step toward tolerance of an oppressed minority by removing rules dividing the bathrooms by gender. But make no mistake, it is a delusion, and a perfectly silly one. It is the same liberal-minded pseudo-hippie social justice warrior philosophy casting aside barriers to entry for bathrooms that simultaneously demand written letters of consent be in the possession of any man seen standing close to a woman. The same movement that rails against  manspreading  is perfectly fine with manpeeing, it seems, in a virtually perfect display of the nutbaggery of their entire pretend, college-hobby-turned-pain-in-the-ass-for-normal-people  movement . And yes I said normal, please find a safe space and wet yourself. But use whatever safe space corresponds with your self-wetting gender identity.Via: Red State ",0
20704,THIS PICTURE OF HARRIET TUBMAN Should Be Used On The $20 Bill…If For No Other Reason Than To Drive Anti-Gun Left Crazy,"Obama has filled his cabinet with radical  yes  men and women who hold similar anti-American, leftist views. His radical Treasury Secretary, Jack Lew is no exception.Treasury Secretary Jack Lew  announced yesterday that Alexander Hamilton s face will remain on the front of the $10 bill and Harriet Tubman will replace Andrew Jackson on the face of the $20 bill.What the Left forgot in their haste to replace a  racist  white (Democrat) President on the front of the $20 bill was the fact that Harriet Tubman was more than just a black abolitionist, she also serves as an excellent example of why our Second Amendment is so important.Harriet Tubman (born Araminta Harriet Ross; 1820   March 10, 1913) was an African-American abolitionist, humanitarian, and Union spy during the American Civil War. She carried a revolver, and was not afraid to use it . . .Once a slave agreed to join her expedition, there was no turning back; she threatened to shoot anyone who tried to return. Tubman told the tale of one journey with a group of fugitive slaves, when morale sank and one man insisted he was going to go back to the plantation.She pointed the gun at his head and said,  You go on or die.  Several days later, he was with the group as they entered Canada. It is more than likely that Tubman carried the handgun as protection from ever-present slave catchers and their dogs.Via: The Truth About GunsBreaking: Treasury throws founder of the Democratic Party off $20 bill, replaces with gun-toting Republican pic.twitter.com/G9dVXpTaXv  David Burge (@iowahawkblog) April 20, 2016Tubman s reliance on her firearms to fulfill her mission of freeing slaves was essential. So it only seems fitting that the US Treasury would use this picture of Republican, Harriet Tubman to replace the first Democrat President of the United States, Andrew Jackson.",0
20705,KARMA: GAY PASTOR SUES WHOLE FOODS For “Anti-Gay Slur” On Cake…Didn’t Count On Baker Being Gay [VIDEO],"Too bad for the gay pastor that Whole Foods had him dead center on their surveillance cameras. Is it just my imagination or do gays seem to have it out for bakeries? On Tuesday, the Austin Statesman reported that Whole Foods filed a lawsuit against Jordan Brown, an openly gay pastor who claimed that an anti-gay slur was placed on a cake he ordered. The cake was supposed to read  Love Wins,  but Jordan claimed a slur was added to the cake s decoration.https://youtu.be/p972qntg1qMWhole Foods, however, said that surveillance video shows otherwise. Brown filed a lawsuit against Whole Foods, but the company fired back, accusing Brown of making a fraudulent claim.Look at labels. It's at bottom in hoax video. But look at how checker scans. It's on top. https://t.co/aiE0WVBokV pic.twitter.com/MbLU6jJsSJ  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) April 19, 2016Here s the surveillance video from Whole Foods. The gay pastor can be seen in the right corner in an orange (salmon) shirt: According to Whole Foods, Brown  intentionally, knowingly and falsely accused Whole Foods and its employees of writing the homophobic slur  on a custom made cake that he ordered from WFM s Lamar Store in Austin  The company also said Brown acted  with malice, and he has damaged the reputation and business of WFM. If you look closely, it appears the piping does not match:@Cernovich @mirriam71 @JenniL_KVUE Clearly not same icing tip used to create F-A-G as rest of letters. Much finer. Had to do double pass.  Hillary for Prison (@HRC4Prison) April 18, 2016The company further said that a bakery team member wrote only  Love Wins  at the top of the cake according to Brown s request. This, Whole Foods added, was visible through the clear portion of the packaging. That s exactly how the cake was packaged and sold at the store,  the company added.  Whole Foods Market has a strict policy that prohibits team members from accepting or designing bakery orders that include language or images that are offensive. Worse yet, Whole Foods said the employee involved is a member of the local LGBTQ community.  We stand behind our bakery team member, who is part of the LGBTQ community, and we appreciate the team members and shoppers who recognize that this claim is completely false and directly contradicts Whole Foods Market s inclusive culture, which celebrates diversity,  the company said.The video also indicates that Brown removed and replaced the UPC label on the packaging. According to Whole Foods, the label was originally on top of the box. Brown s video, however, showed it on the bottom and the side of the box.Brown s lawsuit seeks a jury trial, damages and monetary relief for mental anguish he allegedly suffered, but it seems his anguish is just beginning. The company is seeking at least $100,000 in damages from Brown. Via: Examiner",0
20706,BREAKING: OBAMA SUCCESSFULLY WHITEWASHES AMERICAN HISTORY…”Racist” President Andrew Jackson To Be Replaced With Harriet Tubman On $20 Bill,"The irony in Obama s radical Treasury Secretary s decision to remove  racist  Andrew Jackson from the $20 bill, lies in the fact that Jackson was the first Democrat to be elected President. Rabid Bernie Sanders supporters are hell-bent on seeing Bernie Sanders fulfill his promise of breaking up the big bank monopolies. Andrew Jackson was pioneer in staving off banking domination in his day.But alas it s official .Moments ago Politico reported that the U.S. Treasury will announce that it plans to replace former President Andrew Jackson on the $20 bill with Harriet Tubman, the sources said. There will also be changes to the $5 bill to depict civil rights era leaders.Not every dead president is being scraped however: treasury Secretary Jack Lew on Wednesday will announce a decision to keep Alexander Hamilton on the front of the $10 bill and put leaders of the movement to give women the right to vote on the back of the bill.Lew s decision comes after he announced last summer that he was considering replacing Hamilton on the $10 bill with a woman. The announcement drew swift rebukes from fans of Hamilton, who helped create the Treasury Department and the modern American financial system. Critics immediately suggested Hamilton take Jackson off the $20 bill given the former president s role in moving native Americans off their land.Jackson may remain on the $20 bill in some capacity, but will clearly be demoted.While some pointed to the many accomplishments and qualities of Hamilton for why he should stay on the currency printed by the very Treasury the man created, the more popular argument for the Founding Father s retention was an argument about how awful the man on the $20 dollar bill was.The Daily Beast described Jackson as  villainous  and linked to a February article that called him a  mass murderer. The New York Post argued that Old Hickory  may well have been our most racist president  and was a  vicious, power-mad kook. Lew told POLITICO last July that Treasury was exploring ways to respond to critics.  There are a number of options of how we can resolve this,  Lew said.  We re not taking Alexander Hamilton off our currency. Confused? Disturbed? Angry? You are not alone. The following rant by Mac Slavo expressed many feeling about the proposed change.Andrew Jackson, Who Fought Central Bank, Removed from $20 As  Public Concern for Liberty  ErasedJackson narrowly succeeded in staving off banker domination of the U.S. during his day.Of course, Andrew Jackson, who was the United States  seventh president, was also a complete controversy his entire lifetime. It is no surprise that the same people who took down the Confederate flag from the South on the back of a mass shooting tragedy are now trying to tear down the image of a particularly controversial and intriguing figure from the American past.Jackson was a recalcitrant and unyielding general and war hero, and later an outsider riding a wave of populist support into the White House, bringing in sometimes unscrupulous companions, and plenty of Masons. Many of his backers were diametrically opposed to the entrenched power of New York bankers and speculators, as well as patrician politicians who dominated the first phase of politics in the nation s history. Jackson played a nasty role in the Trail of Tears affairs with Indians, too, and with the South and Western expansion of slave-friendly territories. Many shades of grey.Erasing Andrew Jackson from the faces of the fiat funny-money that is passed around by an increasingly ignorant and dependent society (which itself has adopted digital currency as the new norm) will further cut off the past from the masses, and ensure their enslavement.For entire story: Zero Hedge",0
20707,TRUMP HATER GEORGE RAMOS Promotes Movie Showing Illegal Aliens Being Shot At Border By Drunk Vigilante…Blames Trump [VIDEO],"Mexico has been the beneficiary of our open borders for decades. It s really quite amazing how loudly they cry foul when we finally have a presidential candidate willing to stand up to this insanity and say,  ENOUGH! It s Time to put Americans first! Illegal immigrants send home $50 billion annually but cost taxpayers more than $113 billion. Approximately 126,000 illegal immigrants emigrated from these three nations to the U.S. since last October and federal officials estimate at least 95,500 more will enter next year.The Central American governments have encouraged the high levels of emigration because it is earning their economy billions of dollars! For every illegal alien that sneaks into the U.S. and remits money back home, that grand total remittance number only grows. But what if the millions of U.S. jobs now filled by illegal aliens were done by American workers earning better wages, paying more in taxes and spending their money in their communities rather than sending it abroad?Americans are the ones forced to pick up the $113 billion tab for taking care of the country s 12 million illegal immigrants. Is it the responsibility of taxpaying citizens to cover the cost of illegal immigration and the government s aid to these countries while illegal workers continue to send their money overseas to send $50 billion overseas? Via: immigrationreform.comYet, somehow Donald Trump is to BLAME for wanting to shut down our open borders and bring some sanity back to our nation that is being overrun by Mexican drug runners and gang bangers coming from every corner of Mexico, Central and South America? A new Mexican movie promoted by Univision host Jorge Ramos portrays a drunk vigilante motivated by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump s anti-immigrant rant killing at least four illegal immigrants at the border.The trailer for the movie, Desierto, now in Mexican theaters, blasts out Trump s initial criticism of illegal immigrants as a man armed with a rifle guns down targets crossing under barbed wire.https://youtu.be/V48ttgGqsswIt later shows the same man, in a pickup holding a bottle of what appears to be whisky, a beer can nearby, as a voice says,  Welcome to the land of the free.  The trailer ends with,  words are as dangerous as bullets. The Center for Immigration Studies on Tuesday first blogged on the  exploitation  movie and the promotion by Ramos on his Sunday show Al Punto. This material resonates powerfully with Jorge Ramos. His conviction that racism and xenophobia are the driving forces of opposition to illegal immigration is a central theme of his nightly newscasts. Ramos fixates on reports that confirm his conviction with the obsessiveness of an exploitation film director showing close-ups of bullets tearing into human flesh,  wrote CIS Fellow Jerry Kammer.He added:  On Sunday, Ramos talked with  Desierto  director Jonas Cuaron and star Gael Garcia Bernal about Trump s repugnant comments about Mexicans. Since then, Ramos said,  there are thousands if not millions of North Americans who feel that they have the absolute freedom to be racists. Via: Washington Examiner",0
20708,"WATCH:BLACK CUSTOMER THREATENS Store Manager Because He Doesn’t Employ Any Blacks: ” I’m tired of this, and I will burn this…” [VIDEO]","If anyone wonders how the  Reverend  Al Sharpton got started in the shake down business look no further than this loud mouth who blames everyone but his own community for their situation. We live in a free market society. The black man in this video is free to apply for a business loan and open a business in his community. The thing is, no one stopping any black member in any urban community from opening a local business.To blame someone else for the state of his community is only deflecting from the real problems crime-ridden neighborhoods across America are facing. Perhaps his anger should be directed at our first black President who has been at the helm while black unemployment numbers and crime have skyrocketed to an all time high.",0
20709,OBAMA’S ECONOMIC LEGACY IN 9 Easy To Read Charts,"Anyone who would look at these charts and still vote for Hillary or Bernie is basically saying,  I really don t care about my future, or the future of my children or grandchildren. Here is a bit more in-depth data as it relates to a few of the charts above:Food stamp increase nears record high despite low unemployment rate under Barack Obama:Despite the unemployment rate being at an eight-year low (4.9 percent as of January 2016), the number of people on food stamps remains near an all-time high which was 47,636,000 in 2013.Why the disparity in the numbers? Well, the unemployment rate does not take into account people who are not in, or have dropped out of, the workforce altogether.The Bureau of Labor Statistics reported in January of this year that approximately 94 million Americans are not participating in the workforce.But the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) has been hovering around 46 million participants since 2011. The current figure, as of February 2016, shows average SNAP participation at 45.8 million Americans receiving food stamps in 2015.SOARING HEALTH CARE PREMIUMS Under Obamacare:Obamacare premium costs will soar 20.3 percent on average in 2016 instead of the 7.5 percent increase claimed by federal officials, according to an analysis by The Daily Caller News Foundation.The discrepancy is because the government excluded price data for three of the four Obamacare health insurance plans when the officials issued their recent forecast claiming enrollees would face only a 7.5 percent average rate increase in 2016.When data for all four plans are included, premium costs will actually rise on average 20.3 percent next year. The 2015 Obamacare price hike was 20.3 percent.Our National Debt is at $19.25 TRILLION! When Obama took office it was at $10.26 Trillion. Obama has almost DOUBLED our national debt since taking office only 7 years ago! ",0
20710,BRILLIANT! LIBERAL SENATOR TRIES TO EMBARRASS Priest…Gets Schooled By Him On Climate Change [Video],"Father Robert A. Sirico, President and Co-Founder of the Acton Institute, and philosopher and author of  A Moral Case for Fossil Fuels Alex Epstein embarrass Senator Barbara Boxer with facts when she tries to discredit them.WATCH HERE:Watch brilliant philosopher prove how the Democrats are falsely using income inequality as an argument for climate change. He also brilliantly points out that the poor people who are being hurt the most when the government intentionally targets domestic fossil fuel production.See Epstein s entire testimony here: ",0
20711,WHY DECISION LIBERAL JUDGE IN CONNECTICUT Is About To Make Could Be HUGE Threat To Our SECOND AMENDMENT,"Obama s goal of making gun control a reality in the United States of America is one step closer, thanks to this radical judge A Connecticut judge ruled Thursday that a lawsuit against the manufacturer of the gun used in the Sandy Hook shootings, and other companies, can move forward.A Connecticut Superior Court judge denied a motion to dismiss the lawsuit against the companies involved in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of the rifle used in the deadly 2012 shootings.Adam Lanza used a Bushmaster AR-15 rifle in the Sandy Hook Elementary School shootings on Dec. 14, 2012 to kill 26 people in less than five minutes. The families of the victims, which included 20 children, have sued the maker, distributor and seller of the rifle, arguing that the military-style gun should have never been available for civilians to purchase.Connecticut State Judge Barbara Bellis rejected the gun companies  argument that a 2005 federal law can protect gun businesses from civil lawsuits.Remington Arms Co., the manufacturer of the rifle, is named in the suit. Also named is Camfour Inc., a distributor of firearms, and the now-defunct Riverview Gun Sales, a dealer in East Windsor, Conn., that sold the rifle to the Lanza s mother in 2010. Via: Washington ExaminerNolan Finley, The Detroit News   The lawsuit, filed by nine victim families, claims Remington is liable for making and selling to the public a rifle unfit for civilian use.The claim plays right into the anti-gun lobby s latest end-around of the Constitution. It follows the strategy laid out in last week s Democratic debate by Hillary Clinton, who wants to open up both gun manufacturers and gun retailers to product liability lawsuits.While Clinton chortles derisively whenever it s pointed out that the threat of such litigation would become an effective ban on gun sales, and ultimately on gun ownership, that is precisely the desired outcome.Clinton s charge that gunmakers enjoy unique protection from liability isn t true. All manufacturers of defect-free, legal goods enjoy a broad shield against damage resulting from the intentional misuse of their products.Still, gun opponents compare firearm manufacturers with automakers, who are routinely sued when their cars and trucks are involved in a fatal accident. But those suits center around product malfunctions or design flaws. If someone gets drunk and plows an automobile into a group of children at a bus stop, the automaker is only liable if something was defective on the vehicle that contributed to the carnage.The weapons used by Lanza were not defective. The were misused. Neither the manufacturer nor the retailer, who is also being sued, sold them to Lanza. The emotionally troubled teen took them without permission from his mother s home. A negligence case could be made against the mother. She should not have allowed her deranged son access to her extensive arsenal; I m all for holding gun owners responsible for properly securing their firearms.Unfortunately, his mother was Lanza s first victim.Judge Barbara Bellis permitted the suit against Remington to proceed based on her gross misunderstanding of firearms.She agreed with the plaintiff s attorneys depiction of the Bushmaster AR-15 semi-automatic rifle as a military weapon not intended for civilian use.That s just wrong. The difference between the Bushmaster and a common hunting rifle is cosmetic. It looks more lethal, but it operates the same way, firing one bullet with each pull of the trigger. It s not a machine gun; it doesn t fire rounds in bursts.If the military were to arm its soldiers with Bushmasters, it would lose every battle.Lanza used legal weapons that were sold within the strict confines of Connecticut s gun laws, but taken without the owner s permission.If that becomes the flimsy standard for manufacturer and retailer liability, as both this lawsuit and Hillary Clinton hope, it will be the end of gunmaking and sales in this country. And that s just what backers of this strategy want.",0
20712,WATCH: LITTLE HOUSE ON PRAIRIE ACTRESS Runs For Congress…Thinks It’s Okay For Grown Men To Rape 13 Year Old Girls (If Mom’s Home),"America has proven time and time again that liberals in Hollywood can say just about anything. The vile comments actress Melissa Gilbert made about child rape while hosting The View sound more like something a member of ISIS would make, than someone who is running for Congress. It s interesting how the oh-so-easily-offended Left is never offended when one of their own makes a highly controversial comment, but  if the same remarks were made by a conservative, they would be on a 24/7 news loop. Melissa Gilbert, the actress who brought Laura Ingalls Wilder to life in  Little House on the Prairie,  made some comments on a TV show in 2009 that are coming back to haunt her.And they should. Gilbert moved to Michigan from California and is running for Congress in the 8th District, challenging Rep. Mike Bishop, R-Rochester.But running for office opens the door to past skeletons.As a guest host of  The View  seven years ago, Gilbert and the other hosts discussed the arrest of famous movie director and producer Roman Polanski in Switzerland for drugging and raping a 13-year-old girl three decades earlier. Polanski had pleaded guilty of assaulting Samantha Geimer in 1977, but fled the U.S. before he was sentenced.Hollywood is loyal to its own, and on the show, Gilbert downplayed Polanski s crime, saying that  it s gray area when momma is in the building,  in reference to reports that Geimer s mother was at the house when the rape occurred.Gilbert went on to say that  the punishment at this point may be excessive.   For entire story: Ingrid Jacques, The Detroit News",0
20713,IS AN UGLY REVOLT INEVITABLE? Bernie Sanders Supporters Are Asked If They’ll Vote For Hillary If Bernie Loses Nomination [VIDEO],"Bernie Sanders supporters radicals are asked how they feel about Hillary. Their answers are very telling. How many of these Bernie supporters do you think will show up to the polls in November if Hillary is the nominee?Watch Black Lives Matter Communist terrorist denounce Hillary at the 4:35 mark and the  Check your white privilege girl  mark wearing a t-shirt honoring Black Panther and cop killer Assata Shakur at the 5:50 :Judging by the responses of these Bern-bots, it looks like Hillary might be ignored by a large percentage of voters in November if her  super delegates  and the DNC work behind the scenes to ensure that Hillary is the ONLY acceptable presidential candidate for the Democrat Party.",0
20714,HILLARY PANDERS TO BLACK RADIO HOSTS In Attempt To Tie Herself To Racist Beyonce Song…Host Asks If She Needs Mouth To Mouth Or CPR? [WATCH],"The Breakfast Club interview started out when one of the hosts, Charlemagne Tha god told his audience,  Let the record show, when she [Hillary] walked in, I gave her a handshake and she did it the right way. She bought it in, cuffed it and everything.  Cackling ensued One of the tough questions Hillary got during her interview was,  Do you believe in ghosts?  She was also asked if her pants suits are inspired by game show host Steve Harvey. Instead of admitting that she might lose half of her voting base if they were to see her in a dress, she carries on forever about the ease of a pants suit. Between coughing fits, Hillary was able to sneak in another ridiculous lie.Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton on Monday said that she always keeps a bottle of hot sauce handy in her bag. Hot sauce,  she said when asked what she constantly carries in her bag.The comments, first reported by TMZ, came during an appearance on Power 105.1 FM s  The Breakfast Club. Really? Are you getting in that  Formation  right now?  host Charlamagne Tha God asked before quoting Beyonce s song  Formation.   Hot sauce in my bag, swag? Clinton said that she was indeed serious, leading the host to joke that Clinton is angling for African American voters with a Beyonce reference.Here is the Refrain from Beyonc s anti-cop, racist  Formation  song: Y all haters corny with that lluminati mess Paparazzi, catch my fly, and my cocky fresh I m so reckless when I rock my Givenchy dress (stylin ) I m so possessive so I rock his Roc necklaces My daddy Alabama, Momma Louisiana You mix that negro with that Creole make a Texas bama I like my baby heir with baby hair and afros I like my negro nose with Jackson Five nostrils Earned all this money but they never take the country out me I got a hot sauce in my bag, swag I want you to know that people are going to see this and say,  she s pandering to black people again,  he told Clinton. OK   is it working?  the Democratic presidential front-runner quipped.  Seriously   I ve been eating a lot of hot sauce and raw peppers.  Via: The HillThe  hot sauce  comment can be seen at the 25 minute mark: Excuse me,  she said coughing, after speaking for about 20 minutes on the air. Allergy season,  she said, as she continued coughing, reaching for her drink. You all right? Any mouth to mouth CPR?  one of the hosts joked, trying to lighten the mood. Senator, you coughing like you have something medicinal,  another host said. Yeah, I need some,  she replied as the hosts laughed. My voice is failing here,  she said as she continued speaking in a faltering tone. The interview went on for about three additional minutes before staffers ended it.Clinton has had multiple coughing episodes during her campaign for president, awkwardly interrupting speeches or interviews as she struggles to regain her voice. She also had a coughing episode during her testimony during the Congressional Benghazi hearings. Via: Breitbart News",0
20715,FEEL THE BERN: This Is What Your Paycheck Will Look Like With Bernie As President, ,0
20716,MOMS WHOSE CHILDREN Were Killed By Illegals To Testify Before Congress Today,"If you haven t yet discovered The Remembrance Project, please do so! The Remembrance Project was started by families of relatives whose loved one was killed by an illegal alien. It s heartbreaking to think that these deaths could have been prevented if we had a border. A day after the Obama administration argues for an extension of amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants before the Supreme Court, the mothers of victims murdered by illegal immigrants will appear before a House panel to call for tougher immigration enforcement.Tuesday, Michelle Root, the mother of Sarah Root   a recent college graduate who was killed by an illegal immigrant (now on Immigration and Customs Enforcement s Most Wanted List)   and Laura Wilkerson, the mother of Josh Wilkerson   who was tortured and killed by an illegal immigrant   will testify before the House Judiciary Committee s Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee. Not everyone is a DREAMer or a valedictorian   there are criminals motivated by malice and a conscious disrespect for the law,  Subcommittee Chairman Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-SC)86% said in a statement announcing the hearing.  But these losses are preventable, and it should not take the tragic death of another innocent life for this administration to begin enforcing our laws. The Obama administration has come under fire in recent years for what Republicans and immigration hawks say is a significant dilution of immigration law and enforcement. According to the committee, for example, from October 2011 to December 2014, ICE released criminal aliens from detention over 105,000 times, despite committing assault, sexual assaults, homicide-related offenses, and kidnapping prior to their release.Root and Wilkerson s prepared testimony, posted in advance of the hearing by the committee, offer a glimpse into the heart-wrenching testimony lawmakers will hear Tuesday. Edwin Mejia spent four days in jail and is believed to have fled the area and possibly the country after posting $5,000 bail,  Root s prepared testimony reads.  Less than the amount it cost to bury my baby. Mejia is charged with killing 21-year-old Sarah Root while street-racing drunk. He absconded after posting bail, and ICE declined to hold him. Because of the lack of controls, the police, immigration, U.S. Marshals and law enforcement have little or no information on his whereabouts on him, his family and acquaintances. He and those who protect and hide him are cowards,  her testimony continues.Wilkerson s prepared testimony delves into the torture and murder her teenage son underwent at the hands of Hermilo Vildo Moralez, an illegal immigrant.At trial, the killer testified on his behalf and gave exact testimony on how he systematically killed Josh. First a punch in the face, so his vision was off. Next a knee to Josh s abdomen so that he would go to the ground. Josh went to the ground as his spleen was sliced in half. This killer was aggravated that it was not over, he grew tired of watching bloody bubbles coming from Josh s nose as he was trying to breathe. Next he took a closet rod and beat Josh over the head again and again until the rod broke in 4 pieces. Joshua still breathing. Next he strangled him, let him go to see if it was over, nope, so he continued until there were no more bubbles. He waited and watched him die. He tied Josh s body up, stuffed him in the backseat of our truck, bought gas, dumped Josh in a field and set his body on fire. The killer went home took a shower and went to see a movie.Read more: Breitbart",0
20717,OBAMA’S SPEECH ABOUT “CHILD SAFETY” Was Interrupted When Rapper Guest’s Ankle Bracelet From KIDNAPPING Charge Went Off,"We told you about the fancy affair Obama was planning to host at the White House for black rappers last week. The latest development with the ankle bracelet on a criminal rapper makes you want to scream, Are you kidding me? An attempt by President Obama to promote his  My Brother s Keeper  initiative, which aims to keep youths of color out of trouble, came to a farcical end when rapper Rick Ross s ankle bracelet   which he received on a kidnapping and assault charge   went off.Obama had invited a bevy of hip-hop heavyweights, including Niki Minaj, Common, Busta Rhymes, Pusha T and DJ Khaled, to the meeting at the White House Friday.But none of them   least of all Ross himself   expected the ankle bracelet to interrupt the president, according to TMZ.Obama reportedly invited the stars to the  serious and fancy affair,  which was not made public before the event, to promote the initiative.It was so serious, in fact, that Ross, who is typically photographed topless to show off his impressive all-over body tattoos, wore a smart suit   and a pair of black Adidas sneakers.That suit conveniently covered the ankle bracelet that he received after last year s kidnapping, assault and battery charges. Unfortunately, it wasn t able to block the sound of his new anklet s random beeps   one of which went off just as Obama was finishing his speech.Even the self-styled  Hood Billionaire  was surprised at the sound, a source said.He later posted a picture of himself and DJ Khaled talking after the event on his Instagram account. Via: Daily Mail ",0
20718,"PLANE FORCED TO TURN AROUND, Police Remove NAACP President From Flight Over Argument With Passenger","NAACP President becomes victim in 5 4 3 2 1 North Carolina NAACP President William Barber was removed from a flight in Washington, D.C., Friday night after he was deemed a  disruptive passenger  by an American Airlines pilot.Barber wrote in a statement that he had boarded the plane and was sitting in the two seats he had purchased when he overheard a man sitting behind him talking loudly. Barber says after he asked a flight attended to ask the man to lower his voice, that s when the altercation started. But as she left, I heard him saying distasteful and disparaging things about me,  Barber said in the statement.  He had problems with  those people  and he spoke harshly about my need for  two seats,  among other subjects. Barber says he purchased two seat because of a physical disability, the same ailment that caused him to stand up instead of simply turning his head to confront the passenger behind him. I asked him why he was saying such things, and I said he did not know me, my condition, and I added I would pray for him,  Barber said.The police were called and Barber was escorted off the plane.Via: Breitbart News",0
20719,“RACIST” President Jackson To Be Replaced With Black Female Representing “Struggle For Racial Equality” On $20 Bill,"Obama has filled his cabinet with radical  yes  men and women who hold similar anti-American, leftist views. His radical Treasury Secretary, Jack Lew is no exception.  Treasury Secretary Jack Lew is expected to announce this week that Alexander Hamilton s face will remain on the front of the $10 bill and a woman will replace Andrew Jackson on the face of the $20 bill, a senior government source told CNN on Saturday.Lew announced last summer that he was considering redesigning the $10 bill to include the portrait of a woman. The decision to make the historic change at the expense of Hamilton drew angry rebukes from fans of the former Treasury Secretary. The pro-Hamilton movement gained steam after the smash success of the hip-hop Broadway musical about his life this year.Those pressures led Lew to determine that Hamilton should remain on the front of the bill. Instead, a mural-style depiction of the women s suffrage movement   including images of leaders such as Susan B. Anthony   will be featured on the back of the bill.Along those lines, Lew also plans to announce this week that Andrew Jackson   a less beloved former president whose face graces the front of the $20 bill   will be removed in favor of a female representing the struggle for racial equality, according to the government source.That decision would place a female on one of the most widely circulated bills in the world. But the historic change placing a female on the front of the $20 note won t come for more than a decade, the source said, since the process for changing the design of that note is still in the early stages.While some pointed to the many accomplishments and qualities of Hamilton for why he should stay on the currency printed by the very Treasury the man created, the more popular argument for the Founding Father s retention was an argument about how awful the man on the $20 dollar bill was.The Daily Beast described Jackson as  villainous  and linked to a February article that called him a  mass murderer. The New York Post argued that Old Hickory  may well have been our most racist president  and was a  vicious, power-mad kook. So a lot of folks really don t like the victor of the Battle of New Orleans. They hate him for owning slaves. They hate him for taking the side of the masses against financial experts. They hate him for ignoring laws and enforcing his own will when it came to policy decisions.And they hate Jackson most of all for his treatment of American Indians.These are pretty strong views, but Jackson s critics usually fail to comprehend important aspects of U.S. history in their denunciations of the rough-and-tumble general.For one, Jackson was not the only important American to own slaves. Far from it. For example, as most people should know, George Washington and Thomas Jefferson were slaveholders. Both Washington and Jefferson are respectively featured on two different forms of currency and have large, imposing monuments dedicated to their memory in Washington D.C.There are no calls for their erasure from our coins or demolishing their monuments.Fewer people know that the Cherokee   victims of Jackson s Indian Removal Act   also owned slaves.There are no calls for renaming places and monuments designed to honor the Cherokee people.When it comes to Jackson s controversial handling of the Second Bank of the United States, it helps to realize the motives behind the president s actions. Jackson was opposed to the Central Bank not out of cookery but because he saw it as an undemocratic institution which did not care for the interests of the common man. Via: Daily Caller The soonest that a new $20 note will be issued is 2030,  the source said, citing a lengthy process convened by the Advanced Counterfeit Deterrence steering committee, which includes representatives from the U.S. Secret Service, the Treasury, and the Federal Reserve. Via: CNN News",0
20720,JUDGE JEANINE Explains Why “Hillary Has No Chance Of Winning In November” [VIDEO], The most ominous sign is that Hillary s losing to a 74 year old Socialist! These Bernie beatings are taking a toll! ,0
20721,CLUELESS ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTERS Asked Why They Oppose Trump [Video],"Is anyone else getting sick and tired of hearing all of the baseless lies being told about Trump? There is zero evidence that Trump is a  racist,  yet the Left continues to spew that horrible label every chance they get. If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it.    Joseph Goebbels, Hitler s public relations mastermind",0
20722,CHARLIE DANIELS SENDS A MESSAGE To Bruce Springsteen And Other Spineless Rockers Who’re Canceling Shows,"Charlie daniels is such a great man and a great Patriot! He s not going to let down his fans so he s promising not to cancel any concerts because of the bathroom laws.Boycotting states like North Carolina and Mississippi is all the rage for many celebrities these days but for one singer it s just the opposite.While Bruce Springsteen, Ringo Starr, Bryan Adams and even filmmaker Michael Moore have declined to do business in North Carolina and Mississippi, because the states passed laws preventing men from using women s bathrooms, Charlie Daniels has stepped up.Read more: BPR",0
20723,A MOM BRINGS A TRUTH BOMB To The Bathroom Controversy And It Goes Viral…Awesome!,"For anyone who s sick to death of all the pc (politically correct) talk about who should be allowed in the bathroom, this one s for YOU:This mom is spot on with her common sense approach to what makes a woman a woman etc We love this! ",0
20724,"SICKENING: ANGRY BLACK STUDENT Spray Paints RACIST Graffiti All Over UW Madison Campus…RADICAL Professors, 700 Students Cry “RACISM” When Police Arrest Him[VIDEO]","It s hard to see the police officers in this video being more concerned about committing a misstep than addressing the crimes this angry black student has committed. Will police officers be forced to treat all black criminals like toddlers in a nursery school setting in order to keep their jobs? Almost 700 professors and students at the University of Wisconsin-Madison have signed a letter complaining about racism after campus police located a black student during a class on Thursday and arrested him because he allegedly spray-painted politically-charged graffiti on a bunch of buildings all over campus for half a year.The student is Denzel McDonald, reports The Badger Herald, Wisconsin s campus newspaper.McDonald, 21, stands accused of spray-painting at least 11 messages across campus.One two-tone message read, in red,  RACIZM [sic] IN THE AIR,   DON T BREATHE.  Then, in black, a signature line   GOD. The first of the four police videos is a 14-minute police video which includes the in-class portion of McDonald s arrest and ends with McDonald getting handcuffed. It shows a calm, staggeringly cordial encounter.Other two-tone, graffitied statements police attribute to McDonald include  THE DEVIL IZ [sic] A WHITE MAN   GOD,   DEATH TO THE PIGZ [sic]   GOD  and  WHITE SUPREMACY IZ [sic] A DISEASE    GOD. A  FUCK THE POLICE  message also defaced a taxpayer-funded building, according to Inside Higher Ed.The angry professors and students are enraged in part because police interrupted an Afro-American studies class to arrest McDonald. The class, taught by Johanna Almiron, appears to be titled  Towards the Black Fantastic: Afro-futurism and Black Visual Culture. University of Wisconsin-Madison police have released video of the classroom interaction between police and McDonald   along with three other videos further chronicling the arrest.The arrest of McDonald while he was in class on Thursday caused much furor among campus radicals. Almiron and other professors duly penned and published a letter of protest on Friday.The spray-painting vandalism caused over $4,000 in damages to university property, police said, according to the Wisconsin State Journal.On Friday, Wisconsin-Madison s chief of police, Susan Riseling, posted a statement addressing the uproar and profusely apologizing for arresting McDonald in class. Because of the officer s error in believing the class had not yet started, I extend my sincerest apologies to the students and the professor who were in this class and witnessed this interruption,  Riseling wrote.  We are initiating a review of our officer s action entering the classroom. Riseling did note that campus cops had been attempting to contact McDonald for two weeks before finally resorting to finding him in class. The officers believed they were entering class before it started, she noted.Wisconsin-Madison chancellor Rebecca Blank also released a supplicating statement which promised a review of police practices.  Via: Daily CallerHere is the video where Denzel McDonald was placed in the police vehicle:Here is Denzel s professor, aka his  instructor  LYING to the police, telling them she doesn t have his phone.",0
20725,"ANGRY PUNK ADMITS TO SLASHING TIRES, Dumping Rotten Yogurt In Sunroof Over Trump Bumper Sticker: TRUMP Supporter Has PERFECT Response","The victim of the angry Bernie Sanders supporter has an amazing attitude. It s the civility many of us have come to expect from Trump supporters who ve been unjustly attacked by uncivil and in many cases, unlawful Bernie Sanders supporters. A politically-motivated vandal in Washington State admittedly vandalized a Trump supporter s car, slashing its tires and dumping rotten yogurt through its sun roof, according to a police report filed last Monday.The suspect, named in the report as one Riley M. Silva of Gig Harbour, Washington, confessed his crime to the police. Showing no sign of remorse, he claimed his victim was an  ignorant bigot  and that he  improved the community  by vandalizing the car. According to the report, the culprit became angry after noticing that the car sported a Donald Trump sticker.His full confession to the police, which was originally posted on the blog of lawyer and author Mike Cernovich, reads as follows:I on the 11th day of the 4th month of 2016 did maliciously attack a hate symbol protected by the first amendment. After disabling the vehicle and dumping rotten food into the interior I feel I have improved the community and supported our nation s values by stopping a promoter of hate speech. I do not wish to have ignorant bigots in my town and in a just world the person deserved what was received and the situation is made whole.As America is far from just, I expect the bigot will want to be made whole. With this I declare he is owed nothng. But as the situation is what it is, I intend to make the individual whole provided he cease to promote ignorance and hate. I do not expect the law to recognize damage to tools of hate or fascism. Such things need to be destroyed so good people may remain and become free.The victim, Nathan Elliot, later posted pictures of the damage to his vehicle. In his statement to the police, he said that the damage to the tire alone would cost $500 to repair.Bernie Sanders supporter didn't like my Trump bumper sticker, so he vandalized my personal property. Cool. pic.twitter.com/QghClfl2ak  Nate (@pulsarVision) April 10, 2016The police report describes Riley Silva as a  skinny  white male in his 20s, with long blond hair. The victim saw him while he was in the process of vandalizing his car, at which point he yelled at and ran towards the culprit, who fled in his own vehicle. In the report, Elliot claims that the culprit almost hit two other cars as he drove away from the scene. In addition to vandalizing the victim s car, Silva has been charged with reckless driving. -Breitbart NewsEven though I have amazing @USAA insurance, all costs will come out of my own pocket. That's a $400 tire by the way.   Nate (@pulsarVision) April 12, 2016USAA Insurance tweeted an awesome reply to Nathan:@pulsarVision We are here to help. Is this a claim related need ? Please DM us your full name, claim# if applicable and you phone# . Thank u  USAA (@USAA_help) April 12, 2016UPDATE on Nathan s new tire:@BreitbartNews @Cernovich @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump @Nero Update: new tire came in today  can't tread on me!!! pic.twitter.com/AlVPDLym85  Nate (@pulsarVision) April 16, 2016Nathan has the perfect response to the violent Bernie Sanders supporters:It was only through learning how much others don t like the truth exposed, that I learned for myself how much I crave its very existence.  Nate (@pulsarVision) February 14, 2016",0
20726,"IT TAKES A VILLAGE OF THUGS: Nashville Cop Sees Black Man Assaulting Woman In Projects…Cop Tries To Arrest Him…Crowd Attacks Cop…Crowd Cheers, “He’s going down!” [VIDEO]","***WARNING***This video will make your blood boil. Do NOT watch it if you have high blood pressure. There is also some hood approved language that many sane may find offensive. Can someone please explain to me why any man or woman would want to risk their lives to help these people? This is only going to get worse before it gets better. As long as we have a President of the United States who is condoning this behavior by remaining silent, this situation is going to get much worse.  East Precinct Officer Matthew Cammarn, who has been named Officer of the Year, should be out of the hospital soon. He was trying to arrest Brian Shannon, 22, when Shannon and a crowd attacked him in one of Nashville s projects as he tried to make the arrest.Shannon is jailed on charges of felony aggravated assault on a police officer, resisting arrest, evading arrest, criminal trespassing, disorderly conduct and drug possession. A 17-year old was also arrested.The officer, a hero cop, saw Shannon assaulting a woman when Shannon aggressively approached the officer who then tried to arrest him.While Officer Cammarn was on the ground fighting with Shannon, people in a crowd pulled and pushed Cammarn to try and free Shannon. Others stood by recording the assault on their cell phones. Via: Independent Sentinel ",0
20727,OBAMA Is GIVING YOUR Money To Illegal Aliens To Start Businesses…You Won’t Believe Where Those Businesses Are Located [VIDEO],"American citizens are eligible to apply for small business LOANS, but they are also responsible for paying them back with interest. Illegal aliens on the other hand, are getting FREE money from the American taxpayer to start a business with no obligation to pay us back. Oh and there s one more big catch Read the fine print on the Small Business Administration s website, and you ll find that the agency does not provide the funds to  start or grow  a small business   the engine of the American economy, providing roughly three-quarters of all new jobs. Rather, the SBA provides offers loan guarantees to the banks and lenders that do provide seed money. So it might come as a surprise to American entrepreneurs that there is at least one group to whom the federal government is providing direct assistance for business start-ups: illegal aliens. In fact, these recipients of your taxpayer funds fall into an even more restricted category: illegal aliens who have been deported back to their native land.As part of an ongoing project he calls The Waste Report, Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., has called attention to these outlays, which are made by an obscure federal agency called the Inter-American Foundation (IAF).Housed in a nondescript building a few blocks from the White House, IAF is spending up to $50,000 annually to help Salvadorans sent back to El Salvador to  reintegrate  into their communities, under the idea that doing so will make them less likely to seek to return to the United States.IAF works through a local NGO called INSAMI, which stands for Instituto Salvadore o del Migrante and which estimates that 500 Salvadorans are deported from the U.S. to El Salvador each week. The group says the IAF funds assist sixty Salvadorans a year,  including deportees,  by helping to  facilitate their reintegration into their communities and support their enterprises.  This is accomplished by  offering financial education, technical advice and assistance with business plans,  all of which serves, in turn, to  assure that broader support and resources are available to the migrants, that their abilities are appreciated, their concerns understood and their needs met. IAF did not respond to Fox News  requests for comment. Once we deport them, we set them up in business? It makes no sense to me,  Sen. Paul said in an interview with Fox News.Shawn Moran, vice president of the National Border Patrol Council (NBPC), the union that represents America s 21,000 Border Patrol officers, expressed dismay at learning of the federal outlays to deported illegal aliens.Moran indicated that limited funding has made it exceedingly rare for Border Patrol officers ever to have a partner while they are working along the southern border, often at night   a state of affairs that leaves the officers more vulnerable to assaults by heavily armed alien- and drug-smugglers. He also alluded to equipment shortages that compromise the officers  effectiveness. Agents do not have the tried and true tools that they need to conduct law enforcement operations,  Moran told Fox News. And I think $50,000 could go a long way in one Border Patrol sector to help correct that.  He cited the communications devices the officers rely on.  Agents are using radios that oftentimes, they can see a Border Patrol station from the hills along the border, yet they can t talk to it. So what else might $50,000 of taxpayer funds purchase to secure the border against illegal aliens from El Salvador and elsewhere?A review of help-wanted ads posted online by the federal Customs and Border Protection (CBP) agency finds that as recently as April 7, CBP was conducting a search for Border Patrol agents in multiple locations, with the top annual starting salary placed at: $50,600.For that same amount, the federal government could purchase seven Yamaha Grizzly 450 automatic utility all-terrain vehicles like these, of which the federal government purchased fifteen, from a Decatur, Illinois-based motor sports store, in September 2013.Via: FOX News ",0
20728,WHO WILL SUPPORT “THE BERN”? New Numbers Show OBAMA STOLE An EXTRA 6 Months Income From Average Working American Since Bush Years,"The average American makes $52,250* per year. The extra $25K Obama stole from working Americans didn t include free college or the redistribution of your income to people who would rather not work. It didn t include support for people who came here illegally and need to be taken care of either.  Over the course of the 86 full months that President Barack Obama has completed serving in the White House from February 2009 through March 2016 the U.S. Treasury has collected approximately $18,764,164,000,000 in tax revenues (in non-inflation-adjusted dollars), according to the Monthly Treasury Statements issued during that period. (President Obama was inaugurated on Jan. 20, 2009.)That equals approximately $124,003 for each of the 151,320,000 persons who, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, had either a full- or part-time job during March 2016.During the same 86-month stretch of the Obama presidency, the total debt of the federal government increased from $10,632,005,246,736.97 to $19,264,938,619,643.07, according to the Treasury.That is an increase in the debt of $8,632,933,372,906.10 or approximately $57,051 for each of the 151,320,000 people with jobs as of March.If the Treasury succeeds in collecting the full $3,335,502,000,000 in reveneus that the White House Office of Management and Budget estimates it will collect in fiscal 2016 (which will end on Sept. 30), Obama will become the first American president whose Treasury collected more than $20,000,000,000,000 in taxes (in non-inflation adjusted dollars) during his time in office.As of the end of fiscal 2015 (on Sept. 30, 2015), the Treasury had collected a total of approximately $17,287,946,000,000 during the 80 full months Obama had at that point served as president.By the end of this September if the Treasury collects the estimated $3,335,502,000,000 in revenues for this year the Treasury will have collected $20,623,448,000,000 in taxes during the 92 full months Obama will by then have served in the White House.During the first 86 full months that George W. Bush was president (February 2001 through March 2008), according to the Monthly Treasury Statements, the Treasury collected approximately $15,099,826,000,000 in taxes. (From February 2001 through January 2009, the Treasury collected $17,251,191,000,000 in taxes. Bush was inaugurated on Jan, 20, 2001 and left office on Jan. 20, 2009, when Obama was sworn in.)The $15,099,826,000,000 in taxes that the Treasury collected during Bush s first 86 full months in office equaled approximately $103,363 for each of the 146,086,000 persons who had a full- or part-time job in March 2008.During the first 86 full months of George W. Bush s presidency, the debt increased from $5,716,070,587,057.36 to $9,437,594,138,091.39.That is a debt increase of $3,721,523,551,034.03 or approximately $25,475 for each of the 146,086,000 persons who had a job in March 2008.For entire story: CNS News*US Census ",0
20729,ECONOMIC SYSTEMS BRILLIANTLY EXPLAINED WITH COWS,"Share this with everyone! There s a good reason (with the exception of the Obama years) the United States of America has remained a world economic leader for most of its existence. Hint for Bernie Sanders loyalists: It has nothing to do with Socialism.If this easy to understand illustration explaining various economic systems was part of every student s education in America, we wouldn t be watching auditoriums packed with young Bernie-bots who naively believe Socialism is the answer. ",0
20730,"POPE MEETS WITH ANGRY, JEWISH, PR0 LATE-TERM ABORTION, SOCIALIST To Discuss Morality, Phony Climate Change","As a Catholic I m offended by this Pope s political meddling in our Presidential election beyond words Pope Francis met U.S. presidential candidate Bernie Sanders in the Vatican on Saturday morning and the two discussed the need for morality in the world economy before the pontiff left for a visit to the Greek island of Lesbos.Columbia University Professor Jeffrey Sachs told Reuters that the meeting took place in the Vatican guesthouse where the pope lives and where Sanders had spent the night after addressing a Vatican conference on social justice.The Vatican had said that a meeting between the two was not planned, and Sanders said he did not expect to meet the pope during his trip. He is a beautiful man,  Sanders said in an interview with ABC News after the meeting.  I am not a Catholic, but there is a radiance that comes from him. Sachs said Sanders, who was accompanied by his wife, spoke with the pope for about five minutes. Sachs, his wife, and Bishop Marcelo Sanchez Sorondo, head of the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences, were also in the room. I just conveyed to him my admiration for the extraordinary work he is doing raising some of the most important issues facing our planet and the billions of people on the planet and injecting the need for morality in the global economy,  Sanders told ABC.The Democratic hopeful from Vermont has campaigned on a promise to rein in corporate power and level the economic playing field for working and lower-income Americans whom he says have been left behind, a message echoing that of the pope.When Sachs, who has advised the United Nations on climate change, was asked if the meeting could be interpreted as political, he said:  This was absolutely not political. This is a senator who for decades has been speaking about the moral economy. The meeting came just days before Tuesday s Democratic party primary in New York, where polls say he is trailing Hillary Clinton. After he won seven of the last eight state contests, a loss in Sanders  home state would give front-runner Clinton a boost toward the party s presidential nomination.Sanders, the Brooklyn-born son of Polish Jewish immigrants, has said the trip was not a pitch for the Catholic vote but a testament to his admiration for the pontiff. Via: Reuters ",0
20731,"GUT WRENCHING: OBAMA Meets With Rappers To Discuss Criminal Justice Reform…Doublespeak For Pardoning Criminals, Investigating Cops","Is there any question what Obama s priorities are in his final 8 1/2 months in office? His legacy will most certainly be that of the most divisive President (and First Lady) to ever occupy the White House. Every law enforcement officer in America should be concerned about his obsession with taking them down a few notches.President Obama is meeting with a group of music stars on Friday to discuss his push for criminal justice reform and his initiaitve dedicated to helping young men and boys of color.Rappers Busta Rhymes, Common, J. Cole, Wale, Ludacris and Chance the Rapper are all attending the meeting, according to a senior administration official.The meeting comes as Obama is trying to beef up support for the My Brother s Keeper Initiative, which is designed to help young African-Americans get an education, college degree and job training.Obama and his supporters launched a nonprofit group last May that will allow the president to continue the work once he leaves office.The president has also tried to keep momentum behind a bipartisan coalition looking to pass legislation in Congress that would reduce prison sentences for many non-violent drug offenders. Senior adviser Valerie Jarrett and My Brother s Keeper task force chairman Broderick Johnson also attended the meeting.War On Cops: President Obama says his  criminal justice reform    doublespeak for pardoning criminals and investigating cops   is gaining bipartisan support. New FBI crime data should stop the movement in its tracks.Last fall, we argued that Obama s war on police, prosecuted with the help of his Black Lives Matter goons, sparked a  national crime wave.   Violent criminals are getting the upper hand as the  Ferguson effect  takes hold in cities across the country,  we noted.  Less-aggressive policing has emboldened the bad guys, leading to a nationwide spike in murder. Officers fear violating softer new use-of-force and arrest policies, pushed on cities by the Obama Justice Department, will open them up to civil-rights prosecution. Many have backed off patrols and stops in dangerous urban areas as a result. The result: Year-over-year homicide rates are up 76% in Milwaukee; 60% in St. Louis; 56% in Baltimore; 44% in Washington, D.C.; 22% in New Orleans; 20% in Chicago; 20% in Kansas City; and 17% in Dallas. Single-digit rises have been seen in New York and other cities. Soon after, FBI Director James Comey indicated that spiking murder rates may be partly due to the  Ferguson effect    police reluctance to carry out their duties over fear of being investigated for abuse or discrimination, or shot by angry thugs in the line of duty.Police chiefs echoed his concerns, prompting the attorney general to gather major police chiefs and mayors together in Washington for a crime summit. It was supposed to be a closed meeting, no press allowed.But a Washington Post reporter snuck in and recorded Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel complaining that all the vitriol thrown at cops had put them in a  fetal  position. Obama s former chief of staff said they were backing off crime in gang-infested areas of his city.Obama pooh-poohed the city-by-city reports of climbing murder rates, arguing that there wasn t any aggregate data to show a national trend. But now we have the national data from the FBI. It confirms that the U.S. murder rate shot up 6.2% in the first half of 2015 from a year earlier. The spike reverses a three-year downtrend.Overall violent crime   murder, rape, robbery, aggravated assault   rose almost 2%, in contrast to a nearly 5% drop in the comparable period of 2014. Violent crime rose in all but one of the nation s four regions, the FBI said, and all but two city groupings.If liberal pundits and politicians want to stop soaring crime rates, they should stop vilifying cops. And they should start speaking out against the Black Lives Matter race-mongers and their  criminal-justice reforming  patrons in the White House. ",0
20732,OOPS! ABSOLUTELY NO ONE SHOWED UP For NYC Debut Of Beyonce’s Clothing Line…Is Her RADICAL Super Bowl Performance To Blame?,"I was in Nordstrom yesterday when our salesperson asked my teenage daughter and I if we had seen the new  Ivy Park  collection by Beyonce yet? My response to her was  no,  as I turned to my daughter and told her I wouldn t buy anything for her from that collection if it was the only thing Nordstrom sold. It wasn t that long ago I watched Beyonce dressed in her Black Panther inspired costume, performing a hateful, cop bashing song during Super Bowl 2016 (Watch HERE). I haven t forgotten and it s not likely I ll forget anytime soon.  People who love our country and are tired of seeing it being divided into categories of race and sexual orientation need to stand up to these race peddlers and hit them where it hurts in their bank accounts. Beyonce s radical, racist husband is making money hand over fist from people of all races, yet he s dumped over $1.5 million into groups and organizations specifically designed to divide our nation and instill hatred towards our law enforcement officers.  Cosmopolitan Since it was announced, people have been dying over the launch of Beyonc s highly anticipated womenswear athleisure line for Toyshop, Ivy Park. The collection, which hit stores today, is the type of collaboration that people wait hours in line for, trample each other for   you get the picture.My mouth dropped when I showed up for the launch of Ivy Park at Topshop s Soho location in New York. There was not a single person in line.No camping out overnight, no eager shoppers. It was so quiet I could hear the birds chirping. All I saw were people walking their dogs and grabbing their morning coffees. Where was the Beyhive? I couldn t have been the only one who cared. Because Beyonc .The doors were set to open at 10 a.m.Here was the scene an hour before the launch They were shocked by the low turnout too. I woke up and saw the hashtag and could see that London had crazy lines, so I felt like I had to rush to get down to the store,  said one shopper, Krystal.  Why are people not here? It s Beyonc . I don t understand. Her much hyped debut sportswear line launched at Topshop in London on Wednesday but Beyonce was no where to be seen.It is the pop star s first collection for Topshop so her no-show was a something of mystery considering the enormous hype surrounding the launch.Retail magnate Sir Philip Green, who owns Topshop among a number of other High St brands, said Beyonce was very involved in the collaboration. She saw every single piece on (and) was very involved in the development. My girls loved working with her and it really worked very well,  the clothing mogul told USA Today.Her no-show, however, speaks volumes. Via: Scout Breitbart News  Jay-Z s streaming music service Tidal will donate $1.5 million raised at a charity concert last year to Black Lives Matter and other social justice organizations.According to Mic, the money raised at last year s Tidal X charity concert   which featured performances from the streaming service s co-owners including Nicki Minaj, Jay-Z, and Beyonc    will go to to the New World Foundation, which funds a number of local and national social justice advocacy groups.Among the organizations that will receive donations are Hands Up United, the Opportunity Agenda, the Baltimore Justice Fund, New York s Million Hoodies and NY Justice League, and Illinois  Black Youth Project.Donations will also reportedly be given to Trayvon Martin Foundation, the Michael O.D. Brown We Love Our Sons and Daughters Foundation, and the Oscar Grant Foundation. ",0
20733,"COLLEGE CAMPUS BANS Chalk, Fears Students Might Write “Trump” Word On Campus Sidewalks","Remember when college campuses were considered a  safe space  for political and social debate?DePaul University will no longer allow students to chalk political messages on the sidewalks of its campus because of the  offensive, hurtful, and divisive  nature of pro-Trump chalking found on campus last week. While these chalk messages are part of national agendas in a heated political battle, they appeared on campus at a time of significant racial tension in our country and on college campuses. DePaul is no exception,  Depaul s vice president for student affairs Eugene Zdziarski wrote in a campus-wide email obtained by Campus Reform.  The university has been addressing campus climate issues in an effort to provide an inclusive and supportive educational environment. In this context, many students, faculty and staff found the chalk messages offensive, hurtful and divisive. Consequently, Zdziarski explained that DePaul s status as a 501(c)3 tax-exempt non-profit organization prohibits students from participating in any political activity that could be interpreted as a reflection of the university s  views or opinions.  Political chalking on Depaul s grounds, Zdziarski argued, fits this description.Last week, Depaul s College Republicans organized a chalking campaign on campus, during which phrases such as  Make DePaul great again,   Blue Lives Matter,  and  Trump Train 2016  were scrawled on the sidewalks.The campus grounds crew removed the chalkings the following morning but cited routine maintenance as one of the reasons for their removal. After some investigation, it turns out this happened for two reasons,  the university wrote in a statement.  First, the crew regularly cleans up chalk messages on our sidewalks. This is a part of their duties. Secondly, some among the crew considered the messages inflammatory. The crew has agreed to consult about such matters in the future. Although the grounds crew  regularly cleans up chalk messages,  meaning DePaul students regularly chalk their campus  sidewalks, this appears to be the first time university officials have expressly addressed their chalking policies. Zdziarski noted, after the Trump chalkings appeared, that students are not even allowed to chalk on sidewalks at all. Students or student organizations may not post partisan political flyers, posters, signs or images on University bulletin board, buildings, electronic message boards, forums or sidewalks. This includes chalking on campus property,  he said.Via: Campus Reform",0
20734,WOMAN CRIES After Seeing How Easily Our Votes Are Stolen By Electronic Voting Machines [VIDEO], There are people out there who are giving their lives trying to make our elections secure and they re being called conspiracy theorists and technophobes. And these vendors are lying and saying  that everything s alright  and it s not alright. It s as though our country is one country and pretending to be another country. How can this be happening in our elections? Watch: ,0
20735,IMMIGRANTS FROM SOVIET UNION Want To Know Why Americans Support Bernie Sanders,"It s a pity the millennials who support Bernie Sanders have never had to stand in a bread line. They ve never had to watch everything their parents have worked so hard for, be taken away by their government. They don t make the connection that there s more to life than a  free college.  The huge deductions these millennials see on their paychecks usually takes care of the naive attitude of the immature, idealistic crybabies. People who escaped the former Soviet Union and came to America are not feeling the Bern. Perhaps because they know exactly what it s like to live in the socialist utopia Bernie Sanders wants for America.The Atlantic reports:Why Soviet Refugees Aren t Buying Sanders s SocialismSAN FRANCISCO Janna Sundeyeva still remembers life in the Soviet Union, where stores in remote regions would lack meat for months at a time and toilet paper had to be snatched up quickly on the rare occasions it appeared.But the minor indignities paled in comparison to what happened to her grandfather: He had the chance to come to America in 1929, but he opted to stay, sensing an economic thaw. Seven years later, Sundeyeva says, he was arrested and never heard from again.Sundeyeva immigrated to San Francisco from Moldova in 1994, and now she and her husband run a Russian-language newspaper here called Kstati. Her Soviet experience colors how she sees U.S. politics to this day. I don t like big government,  Sundeyeva said. She made two circles with her thumbs and forefingers and pressed them against each other so they touched, like binoculars. This Venn diagram represents the interests of people and government, she said.  They don t have very much in common. Today, she s not a registered Republican, but like many of the readers of her newspaper, she said she s starting to lean toward supporting Donald Trump for president. The other self-styled outsider in the race, though, holds no appeal for her. The only Bern she and many other Russians here are feeling is the one in the banya.To Sundeyeva, left-wingers seem to yearn for a workers  revolution.  I would ask them: Have you ever lived under a revolution?  she said.  Do you know what it s like? When someone comes and takes your family member in the night? Interviews with more than a dozen immigrants from the former Soviet Union in the Bay Area suggest that some in the community are recoiling from Bernie Sanders and his leftist ideals. One hundred years after the Bolshevik Revolution swept Communists into power, some Russians in America say they can t believe a serious candidate in the United States is calling himself a socialist.Many of us can t believe it either, folks.Bernie s support among young people can be chalked up to ignorance. Millennials have no memory of the Soviet Union or the horrors people endured under socialism. They ve grown up in the most free country in the world and have never wanted for anything. Via: Progressives Today",0
20736,"TRAYVON MARTIN’S MOM Goes On BLAME WHITEY Tour With Hillary, While His Dad Has BRUTAL Message That Could DESTROY Black Lives Matter","Trayvon s dad sounds more logical and  Presidential  than Obama when it comes to discussing the truth about black on black crime. Maybe he wasn t so far off the mark when Obama said Trayvon could be his son?While Trayvon Martin s mother is traipsing around the country as part of Hillary Clinton s pander tour and trying to convince everyone that her sweet little angel was gunned down by a racist system, Trayvon s father actually had something intelligent to say on the issue of race. In defiance of Black Lives Matter, Tracy Martin said that the movement is meaningless as long as blacks continue to kill each other.Tracy Martin was speaking before the 30th Annual Charles W. Kegley Memorial Institute of Ethics at California State Bakersfield on Tuesday when he uttered the words that will drive BLM into a frenzy. We gonna keep killing one another. I tell people all the time that we are committing genocide,  said Martin.And then here s the thing that if a white guy said it would be considered the most racist statement ever: We re on the brink of extinction at the way these shootings and killings are going on. We keep the funeral homes and the penal system in business. When are we going to wake up? I m a realist. We can t sit up and scream that black lives matter at any other ethnicity group if Black lives don t matter to Black people,  he said.This is what I find interesting here: Black Lives Matter is a movement that was created because of Trayvon Martin s death and it is a fact that the black activists get super-pissed off when anyone suggests that black-on-black violence is more of a pressing issue than hyped up and fictionalized racism. But this is the father of the person who spawned the movement saying that blacks killing blacks is the real problem. Something s gotta give.This could cause the movement to collapse on itself, creating a racism supernova that neither race-hustling nor manufactured outrage can escape.Unfortunately not everything that Tracy Martin said was as spot-on as his black-on-black crime observation. He said the way he wanted Trayvon to be remembered was,  not as the iconic image of the hoodie, but as the African-American boy who galvanized the country. To galvanize generally means uniting people to action behind a common cause. That is the complete opposite of what Trayvon Martin s death did to this country. Besides birthing the BLM movement, the Trayvon Martin shooting and subsequent trial divided this nation along racial lines at ten times the rate of Barack Obama s efforts.Though he wouldn t use the name of the man who defended his life against a violent attack by his son, Tracy Martin characterized George Zimmerman as  guilty  and   the man who pulled the trigger and killed an innocent. And then there s this: Trust me when I say that white America can t survive without Black America,  said Martin.Never trust someone who says  trust me  they are always lying.I know that when other black celebrities have spoken on the issue of black-on-black violence, they have been shouted down by the black activists and labeled  Uncle Toms.  It will be interesting to see how the black outrage machine deals with Tracy Martin, father of the father of Black Lives Matter, saying that black lives have to first matter to black people before they will mater to anyone else. Via: Downtrend",0
20737,NEIL CAVUTO AND YOUNG COMMIE CLASH: “The capitalist system is illegitimate” [Video],Pro-Bernie Sanders Commie clashes with Neil Cavuto  ,0
20738,BADASS CAMPUS COPS Cite Students For Wearing EMPTY Holster At College That Bans Water Guns [VIDEO],"Trigger warning If liberal schools and badass campus cops offend you, this video may cause a spike in your blood pressure Two University of South Alabama students were confronted by campus police Wednesday, and one student was cited for  causing alarm  by wearing an empty holster. This week is the empty holster protest for Students for Concealed Carry in Alabama to demonstrate that students are defenseless on campus,  D.J. Parten, president of Students for Concealed Carry, told Campus Reform. Along with fellow club member Kenneth Tews, Parten was also promoting an upcoming screening of the movie Can We Take a Joke? when three campus police officers approached their table demanding identification.Video footage, obtained by Campus Reform, shows one of the police officers asking to search the students, and when they exercise their right to refuse, another officer becoming aggravated and warning that he will find something to charge them with if they remain uncooperative a threat that is eventually carried out against Parten.The school s website states that  all weapons are prohibited in University housing buildings, parking lots, and on University property  adding that  this includes, but is not limited to, bullets, ball bearing bullets, bullet balls, pellets, firearms, guns, knives, paintball guns, air guns, hunting bows, archery bows, swords, martial arts weapons, and replicas of such weapons. Toy and water guns are prohibited. Parton protested that nothing in the policy even implies that he is not allowed to wear the empty holster, particularly since he was doing it as a way of drawing attention to the school s no-gun policy, but made no headway with the intractable officer, who insisted that the empty holster represented a potential safety hazard because it implied the existence of a firearm whose whereabouts he could not ascertain. Is this just because I have a holster on me?  Parten asks the officer after turning over his identification. Yeah, it is, because somebody called it in,  the officer replies matter-of-factly.  You know there s a no-weapons policy out here, but still you want to push it. Uh   this is a protest,  Parten submits after a short pause, evidently caught off-guard by the notion that an empty holster might violate the policy. Did you get permission to wear it?  the officer queries him. I don t need permission to wear it,  Parten replies confidently. You need permission from the university. To wear a holster?  he asks with undisguised incredulity.Standing his rhetorical ground, the officer simply shrugs off the challenge and says,  There s a no-weapons policy here. It s not a weapon. I understand that,  the officer concedes.  Take it up with Dean of Students, then, because y all are gonna be written up for disciplinary [sic], and I will put in there your attitude, you understand? Assuming a more confrontational demeanor, the officer then turns to Parten and states,  So I m gonna ask you one more time: where s the weapon? I don t have it,  Parten tells him.  It s at home. Later in the video, though, the first officer calls Parten over after the others have stepped away and acknowledges that neither of the students had technically done anything wrong, then requests  for your safety as well as mine  that they be more compliant in the future when officers respond to reports of a possible weapon. What you re doing is not against the rules or the law,  he explains,  but when we get a call thinking somebody might have a gun, you have to be polite and cooperative, because if you start being difficult, [it looks like] you re carrying something. Your friend here had his hands in pockets, and he kind of laughed when I asked him to take them out, but he forgot that he put this little folding knife that has a clip on the outside in his pocket. Parton and Tews counter that, at least with respect to the holsters (which were the reason the officers were called, in the first place), they were engaged in a public display that was explicitly billed as an empty holster protest. Via: Campus Reform",0
20739,BREAKING: NYC PROTEST GETS UGLY: Anti-American Protesters BATTLE WITH COPS [Video],"NYPD assaulting protestors, violent arrests happening on 50th st approachin 9th ave #NYPDKKK pic.twitter.com/cy4xsfT7Q9  Millions March NYC (@MillionsMarch) April 15, 2016  A LONE TRUMP SUPPORTER IS PUSHED THROUGH THE CROWD BY THE POLICE:Lone racist Trump supporter running away  #HATEFREENYC #ShutDownTrump4Akai pic.twitter.com/4RuL9e7sZJ  Millions March NYC (@MillionsMarch) April 14, 2016  PROTESTER CHANTS:  EVERYTHING FOR EVERYONE Protestors storming back entrance of Grand Hyatt NY #ShutDownTrump4Akai #HateFreeNYC pic.twitter.com/EfPu1p9hvs  Millions March NYC (@MillionsMarch) April 14, 2016  THE NY STATE GOP GALA IS IN NYC TONIGHT and the paid protesters are out in force. We ll be reporting on anything important but here are a few pictures of the cast of characters at the protest:All you need to see to let you know that the Trump protests are NOT grassroots is the picture below but the last picture is a shocker (why would a Ted Cruz supporter hang with these protesters?): ILLEGAL ALIENS who say it s racist and hateful to want to have borders go figure Obama s Purple Army SEIU is marching with the socialists:A Ted Cruz supporter joins the communists and anarchists to protest Trump: ",0
20740,OBAMA PRESSURED U.S. SHOE COMPANY To Keep Their Mouths Shut…But Now The Deal is OFF…And So Are The Gloves!,"Of course, putting America first is a totally foreign concept to the man who occupies the highest office in the nation. Obama appears to have even (temporarily) given up the game of golf in order to spend every last second of his final term forming alliances with communist leaders, shutting down American companies (like the coal industry he promised to bankrupt) and destroying our most basic rights afforded to us by the US Constitution (that he has absolutely no regard for). Why would anyone expect Obama to protect an American business without something being in it for him?The Boston Globe is reporting that U.S.-based shoe manufacturer New Balance has come out hard against the Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal. The odd thing, though, is that  the Boston company had gone quiet [on TPP] last year. Now, apparently, we know why:New Balance officials say one big reason is that they were told the Department of Defense would give them serious consideration for a contract to outfit recruits with athletic shoes.But no order has been placed, and New Balance officials say the Pentagon is intentionally delaying any purchase.New Balance is reviving its fight against the trade deal, which would, in part, gradually phase out tariffs on shoes made in Vietnam. A loss of those tariffs, the company says, would make imports cheaper and jeopardize its factory jobs in New England.Tariffs on shoes are steep, and New Balance is one of a handful of shoe companies that still manufactures shoes in the United States. (Though, 75 percent of their shoes are made abroad.)The company s leaders appear to disagree that the now-broken deal was underhanded.  There was no quid pro quo deal,  Rob DeMartini, CEO of New Balance told WMTW.  We wanted to compete for a big piece of business that we are very confident we can win in. Matt LeBretton, VP of public affairs for the company, tells the Globe that:We swallowed the poison pill that is TPP so we could have a chance to bid on these contracts, We were assured this would be a top-down approach at the Department of Defense if we agreed to either support or remain neutral on TPP. [But] the chances of the Department of Defense buying shoes that are made in the USA are slim to none while Obama is president. The fight comes as a result of a statutory requirement known as the Berry Amendment, which places restrictions on where the items used by members of the armed forces are manufactured. New Balance had hoped their U.S.-made shoes could put an end to the exemption for imported athletic shoes, which the DoD has allowed in recent years. Via: Weekly Standard ",0
20741,PATRIOT AT TRUMP RALLY Shuts Down Leftist Protester [Video],The left has had control and the narrative for waaaay too long. Here s a patriot who s 100% FED Up! ,0
20742,"WATCH: FRATERNITY BROTHERS BUILD “Make America Great Again” Trump Wall On PRIVATE Property…THUG Students Tear It Down, Disregard First Amendment Right","Many Americans believe it s  racist  to keep minorities trapped in a system that forces them to rely on Bernie and Hillary s promises of  free shit  from the government. Does that mean it s okay for them to go around and disassemble Bernie Sanders displays on college campuses?A Tulane University fraternity has caused an uproar this week after building a wall made of sandbags with the message  Make America Great Again and  Trump  plastered across it.Photos of the wall circulated on social media after it was erected on April 7 on the off-campus house of the university s chapter of Kappa Alpha Order.As part of the local chapter s annual tradition, it has pledges build a wall around its private property each spring ahead of its  Old South  formal ball, according to The Times-Picayune. However, upset students said this time the wall was  filled with connotations of hate and ignorance. The wall has since been torn down by unidentified individuals alleged to be Tulane football players.WATCH here:In a video posted to YouTube, individuals can be seen grabbing the sandbags and tossing them into the street while fraternity members look on, one saying  this is private property. These connotations most directly mocked the experiences of Latino immigrants and workers throughout our nation,  a post on student Ana De Santiago s Facebook read. By writing Trump in large, red letters across the  wall,  KA changed what was a tradition of building a wall into a tradition of constructing a border, symbolizing separation and xenophobia.  This issue not only affects Latinos but all other marginalized immigrant groups in this country.On Wednesday, the university addressed the incident in a statement, saying that while it encourages the  free exchange of ideas and opinions , the local chapter s actions  sparked a visceral reaction in the context of a very heated and divisive political season,  The Times-Picayune reported.In an effort to support the individuals who dismantled the fraternity s  Trump wall , Tulane s Latino student advocacy group, Generating Excellence Now and Tomorrow in Education (GENTE), set up a Change.org petition against the university s administration. We the undersigned stand in solidarity with the individuals who took the brave action of dismantling the wall in front of Kappa Alpha Fraternity House,  a statement on the petition read. This wall, although a tradition carried on by Kappa Alpha for many years, has been a source of aggression towards students of colour on this campus, and this year, with the addition of the labels  Trump  and  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN,  has become overtly threatening towards Muslim and Latino students. In a statement released to The times-Picayune on Tuesday, the fraternity s national chapter Assistant Executive Director for Advancement Jesse Lyons said its chapter takes KA s values of gentlemanly conduct very seriously. This respect extends to every student of Tulane and every member of the broader community,  the statement read. The comment was written on a makeshift wall on our private property, normally used for a game of capture the flag, to mock the ideologies of a political candidate. This had a unintended negative effect and as such it has been dismantled. In other words, they caved, and ceded their First Amendment right to free speech, in order to avoid any controversy created by the Leftist Mafia.*According to the fraternity s website, KA was founded in 1865 and Robert E Lee, who is known for commanding the Confederate Army in the Civil War, is listed as its spiritual founder.In 2010, the national fraternity chapter ordered an official ban on fraternity s members wearing Confederate soldier uniforms to its annual Old South Ball.In a document titled  Laws concerning Old South , KA also prohibits the display of the Confederate flag from  any chapter house, lodge, or meeting place.   Via: Daily Mail*100percentfedup.com ",0
20743,VIOLENT PROTEST Outside Trump Rally In Pittsburgh As Cops Come Down On Black Lives Matter Thugs [Video],You can thank the racist Black Lives Matter PAID PROTESTERS for this mayhem. They re trying to make it appear as though the people who support Trump are violent racists. The police should use their full force to stop this now because it ll set an example for future attempts to rally. Law and order comes first! You can blame Obama s buddy George Soros for stirring up this chaos. BTW-Trump has done NOTHING racist! He wants our border closed to illegals for the safety of Americans. He also wants a moratorium on Muslim refugees which is exactly what our FBI and DHS would recommend because they ve said we CANNOT vet these refugees. So what s the beef? ,0
20744,THE CHALKENING: Political Chalk Drawing Bandit Terrorizing Liberals Across America [Video],The social justice warriors are being terrorized by the chalk bandit Bahahaha! ,0
20745,HERE’S A PERFECT EXAMPLE OF WHY People Don’t Trust Muslims Living In Their Communities,"The massive shroud of secrecy in Muslim communities around the world is what causes people to question the motives of every Muslim. Aren t non-violent Muslims who say they wouldn t report a terror plot as culpable as the radical Muslims who commit acts of terror?  A new ICM poll has discovered two out of three Muslims in Britain would not give the government any information if they knew details about a terror plot.These disturbing poll results seem to indicate the government s counter-terrorism program, named Prevent, is unlikely to provide much usable information on active threats, if it passes along any information at all, The Express reports.The results also suggest the existence of a society deep inside Britain that is fundamentally opposed to its values and will actively subvert the government to protect its own members. Further questions in the survey revealed even more evidence that Muslims diverge entirely from British norms.For example, over 50 percent of Muslims think homosexuality should be illegal. A total of 23 percent of Muslims want Sharia law to become the dominant legal system in the country. Exactly 31 percent are completely comfortable with one man having multiple wives. Via: Daily CallerOn the bright side, 1/3 of British Muslims said they would report a terror plot.  ",0
20746,BUSTED! CALIFORNIA MAN Dressed As Woman Arrested After Women Noticed Something Strange In The Bathroom Stall,"Here we go again! We just reported on a man who was caught in Walmart videotaping women and using a mirror to look into stalls:IT BEGINS: Man Dressed As Woman Arrested In Women s Bathroom You Won t Believe What He Was Doing!This guy was caught at Macy s with a video camera in his purse containing  hours  of video of women using the bathroom. Women noticed the camera light from the video camera and reported it to police. This guy is just one of so many we ve reported on who will have even more rights to enter the women s bathroom or locker room   and women will have no right to say a word. A Palmdale, California, man wearing women s clothing was arrested in a Lancaster Macy s store after he was seen in a women s bathroom. The man was allegedly videotaping women in the bathroom.Jason Pomare, 33, was arrested over the weekend after mall security officers learned he had been hanging out in a Macy s department store women s bathroom. The security guards contacted a Los Angeles County Sheriff s Department (LASD) deputy who found the cross-dressing man in a mall storage area, NBC Los Angeles reported.When Pomare was contacted, he was wearing a wig and women s clothing, including a bra, a statement from the LASD revealed.  The deputy noticed he was wearing a wig and appeared to have breasts,  LASD Sergeant Brian Hudson told the Los Angeles news outlet.While searching the suspect, the deputy discovered a video camera in his purse. The camera allegedly contained hours of women using the bathroom inside the store.Witnesses told police that Pomare would conceal the camera in bathroom stalls. The woman who contacted store security noticed the  recording light  on the camera. It appears Pomare was in the bathroom for around two hours, Hudson told the reporter.Read more: Breitbart",0
20747,BILL O’REILLY ASKS TRUMP “Racist” Question That Has Many Outraged…Was Bill Out-Of-Bounds This Time? [VIDEO],"Was O Reilly out-of-bounds? Most Americans would likely agree that we need to address the viability of employment opportunities for poorly educated Americans of every race who are walking around with multiple facial piercings and tattoos on their faces.Donald Trump appeared on The O Reilly Factor Monday night, but for once it wasn t the presidential candidate making headlines for his controversial remarks.Instead, it was Bill O Reilly himself who sparked fury after making statements about African-Americans that many called racist.During the interview, O Reilly pointed out that Trump is not polling well among minority voters, and questioned the Republican front-runner about his strategy for winning over black voters.Trump responded by saying he was doing  fantastic with African-Americans and with Hispanics  before launching into a speech about how the real issue was that jobs were being outsourced to countries like China and Mexico.O Reilly then pushed Trump to explain exactly how he could promise jobs to black voters, while offending many African-Americans at the same time. How are you going to get jobs for them?  O Reilly asked.  Many of them are ill-educated and have tattoos on their foreheads, and I hate to be generalized about it but it s true, if you look at all the educational statistics, how are you going to give jobs to people who aren t qualified for jobs?  Via: Daily MailBy the way Bill, there are no shortage of white people or Hispanics walking around with face tattoos. I m as sick as the next person of the excessive PC world we live in, but Bill s comments were pretty idiotic, has no basis and should be condemned. ",0
20748,WHY THIS REPUBLICAN GOVERNOR Is Being Called “The Most Selfish Man In Politics” [VIDEO],"Watch this video and you ll see why this man is being called  The Most Selfish Man In Politics King KasichThe Most Selfish Man In Politics. This is the  Hashtag  that really should be shared! Like us and Share if you agree that we shouldn t be usurped!Posted by RAW Conservative on Tuesday, 12 April 2016",0
20749,IT BEGINS: Man Dressed As Woman Arrested In Women’s Bathroom…You Won’t Believe What He Was Doing!,"We told you so a man was having a blast peeping into stalls in the restroom AND filming women! Not one but three times this year! This man was basically given a slap on the hand and let go. This is yet another reason to keep bathrooms the way they are. With new laws, more men like this can say they  identify  as a woman so they can get into locker rooms or bathrooms legally.  A man dressed as a woman was arrested in Virginia on Monday after police say he was caught peeping into restroom stalls three times in the past year. Richard Rodriguez, 30, filmed a woman in a bathroom stall at the Potomac Mills Mall, Prince William County Police said on Tuesday. A 35-year-old woman was in the stall when she saw a bag moved toward her under the stall divider. Rodriguez apparently had been filming her, police said. The victim rushed out of the stall to confront the man and saw him hurry to another stall, next to another woman. The victim alerted the woman and then contacted mall security of the shopping center on 2700 block of Potomac Mills Circle in Woodbridge, Virginia.Mall security detained Rodriguez until police arrived. Police then determined that he matches the description of a man who is accused of using a mirror to see into a women s restroom stall on May 15 at a nearby Walmart and also at the Potomac Mills Mall on Oct. 11. The suspect in the May 15 incident allegedly spied on a 53-year-old woman, police said. The suspect in the Oct. 11 incident   believed to be the same man   looked in on a 35-year-old woman and her 5-year-old daughter. Rodriguez, of Fredericksburg, was charged with three counts of unlawful filming of a non-consenting person and three counts of peeping.Via: NBC",0
20750,WOW! Disturbing Reason ONLY 3 Airports Screen Their Employees Every Day Before Work [VIDEO],"Never mind that at least 50 identified ISIS sympathizers are currently working at recently bombed Brussels Airport. Meanwhile Obama and his corrupt EPA make no secret that global climate change is our nations first priority when it comes to our national security At Senate Commerce Committee session (VIDEO BELOW), lawmakers heard that only three airports in the United States require their employees to undergo a security check before they begin their work day. Atlanta, Miami, Orlando. What about the other 297 airports nationwide?  asked committee co-chair Senator Bill Nelson (D-Florida).TSA (Transportation Security Administration) head Robert Neffenger answered that while the TSA has  increased the inspection of employees five-fold in the last five months,  more needs to be done.Neffenger said that all airports were asked to provide a report by the end of the month assessing their vulnerabilies.A 2015 TSA committee concluded most airports could not afford daily employee screening. In addition, they said the full screening would not  appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection. No single measure can provide broad-spectrum protection against risks or adversaries,  the committee concluded.  Therefore, risk-based, multi-layered security offers the greatest ability to mitigate risks through the application of flexible and unpredictable measures to protect commercial aviation. The report argued daily screening  is incapable of determining a person s motivations, attitudes and capabilities to cause harm, among other limitations.  SEN BILL NELSON ASKS ABOUT AIRPORT SCREENING OF EMPLOYEES:  ",0
20751,MICHELLE OBAMA Wanted Biden To Run So He Could Beat Hillary [Video],"Has their ever been a more vengeful and hateful First Lady?They are the elite group of women who occupy the East Wing of the White House as their husbands serve as presidents of the United States.Viewed as  the true modern power brokers of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , the first ladies have had different takes on their public positions and either love the proximity to the country s top policy advisers or view it as serving a prison term of teas, luncheons, dinners and photo ops.There are friendships among this sorority of first ladies and turbulent rivalries as well as  relationships fraught with hurt feelings and resentment, like that between Hillary Clinton and Michelle Obama , Kate Andersen Brower writes in her new book, First Women, the Grace and Power of America s Modern First Ladies, published by Harper. The 2008 presidential campaign left deep and lasting scars on both the Clinton and the Obama camps, and they are still shockingly fresh. Michelle, now 52, never forgot how Hillary mocked her husband s message of  hope and change  at a campaign rally in Ohio during that campaign. The sky will open, the light will come down, celestial choirs will be singing, and everyone will know that we should do the right thing, and the world would be perfect,  Clinton said.Watch Hillary starting at the 45 second mark:Hillary was right; that certainly didn t happen and she has remained bitter for years that Senator Ted Kennedy, who had been her mentor in the Senate, did not support her presidential candidacy in 2008.A source in Hillary s inner circle told the author that Hillary, now 68, is running again for president out of vengeance for that loss. She needs to win.Obama is viewed by Hillary s circle of people as not having the same work ethic as Hillary who they see as having a long record of dedicated public service.Those Clinton acolytes also suggest that  Michelle has not done enough as first lady  and has failed to prioritize funding for some programs that subsequently lost their federal support.One such program was Save America s Treasures, a program that Hillary started to help preserve and protect historic sites, arts and published works and was lovingly carried on by Laura Bush, the next first lady.Michelle felt no such obligation to those treasures and let the program dissolve.Michelle s feelings towards Hillary were blatantly obvious when no couple dinners were scheduled at the Obama White House while Hillary was secretary of state and frequently meeting with the President.Michelle is very close to Jill Biden and Vice President Joe Biden. She was hoping that Biden would run against Hillary for the Democratic nomination and his win would take away the sweet taste of victory once again for Hillary. Via: Daily Mail ",0
20752,WHY TRUMP’S OWN CHILDREN WON’T Be Voting For Him In NY Primary,"I m pretty sure Trump will win with a YUGE majority in New York without his kids votes. Eric Trump and Ivanka Trump won t be voting for their father, Donald, in the New York primary next week.The deadline to register to vote in the Republican primary in New York was October 9, 2015. Both Eric and Ivanka missed the deadline to register. They had a long time [to] register and they were, you know, unaware of the rules, and they didn t, they didn t register in time,  Trump stated during an interview on Fox News.  So they feel very, very guilty. But it s fine, I mean, I understand that. I think they have to register a year in advance and they didn t. So Eric and Ivanka I guess won t be voting,  Trump added. Via: Breitbart News",0
20753,EPIC RESPONSE AFTER THE BOSTON GLOBE Runs Fake Cover Bashing Trump…THIS IS GREAT!,THE BOSTON GLOBE ran a Sunday edition with a fake cover slamming Donald Trump for his desire to secure our border with Mexico. It was kind of a look at how supposedly horrible life would be with a president who actually puts Americans first. Fake news is happening everywhere these days but it s a big deal when a major newspaper does it. This is yet another example of how the media is so desperate to hurt Trump.The great thing is that there s the new media that responded almost immediately with a cover of Obama. The different in this cover is that these horrible things are REALLY happening under Obama! Way to go! ,0
20754,NAILS IT! This List Describes Perfectly The Damage The Democrats Have Done To America,This one meme tells you everything you need to know about the damage the Democrats have done to America: ,0
20755,SHARIA COMPLIANT SWIMSUITS: As Spring Arrives In Europe…Oppressive Burkini’s Will Be All The Rage,"Make no mistake, the Muslim European invaders will not be satisfied until every woman in Europe is donning this head to ankle look on the beaches this summer. The radical Sharia Law adherents who have made the trek from some of the most radical Muslim countries in the world to the  accepting  shores of the EU are about to shake things up and it s going to be very ugly when that happens PARIS   Burkinis aren t showing up at the beaches on either side of the English Channel yet, but the thought that the full head-to-ankle swimsuit might catch on among Muslim women in Europe has already sparked lively debates in Britain and France.The modest Muslim beachwear, which looks like a loose-fitting wetsuit with a hoodie, has been around for about a decade. It has also been banned elsewhere, especially in public swimming pools in Europe and at some Moroccan beach resorts popular with foreign tourists.But most non-Muslims in Europe are only finding out about it now because the popular British department store chain Marks & Spencer has just launched its own burkini line in Europe to appeal to a growing niche market for  Islamic fashion,  combining modern design with Muslim principles of modesty.The arrival of burkinis in mainstream department stores has once again highlighted the differences between the pragmatic British approach toward multiculturalism and France s determined efforts to fend off any challenges to its official policies of secularism.There are about 2.7 million Muslims in Britain, or 4.5 percent of the population, and 5 million, or 8 percent of the population, in France.Marks & Spencer has stores across Europe, Asia and in the Middle East, where it has been selling burkinis for several years. Its online shop promotes two styles in English, French, German, Spanish and Dutch.House of Fraser, a rival British department store group, has come out with its own line. Both chains call the swimsuit burkini, a linguistic mashup of burka and bikini, but neither mentions religion in its advertising.In the  nation of shopkeepers,  as Napoleon is said to have called Britain, the burkini s defenders present it as a product that meets consumer demand.  We have sold this item for a number of years and it is popular with our customers internationally,  a Marks & Spencer spokeswoman said.The conservative tabloid Daily Mail called it  the ultimate proof Britain is truly multicultural  and noted that labels such as H&M, DKNY, Mango and Uniqlo had recently launched Muslim-themed fashion collections.Some critics decried the swimsuit as sexist; one asked why women had to  dress up like frogmen.  But others defended the right of Muslim women to choose.  If I want to buy a burkini from M&S, I bloody well will,  journalist Remona Aly wrote in an op-ed for the liberal Guardian newspaper.Across the channel in France, where the government worries about any sign that its Muslim minority is not fully adapting to the French way of life, the issue quickly escalated into political polemics that presented the burkini as the first step toward women s oppression and Muslim radicalism.Women s Rights Minister Laurence Rossignol said:  Sure, there are women who choose it, and there were American negroes who were for slavery.  She quickly apologized for using the word  negroes  but stood by her message.Advertisement (1 of 1): 0:09 Prominent feminist Elisabeth Badinter called for a boycott of shops that promote Islamic fashions. She said the French have forgotten their founding principle of equality for all, independent of faith, ethnicity or gender, and hesitate to criticize Muslims who stress their minority group status. We shouldn t be afraid of being called Islamophobes,  she argued. The French left has been too tolerant of Muslim communities that force their women to cover their hair and come up with novelties like the burkini, she said.Prime Minister Manuel Valls linked Muslim fashion to the strict Salafi movement, whose extreme fringe inspired the violent attacks in Paris last year, killing 147 people.At a conference on Monday, he said Muslim veils were not a fashion statement but  an enslavement of women  and declared that Salafism, which he described as a path to terrorism, might only represent 1 percent of French Muslims but was  winning the ideological and cultural battle  among them.Muslim community leaders complained that this tarred all Muslims with the terrorist brush, but their exasperated reactions got little coverage in the French media.Valls rarely speaks so bluntly about his concern that French society is being challenged by some of the country s Muslims who identify more as a discriminated religious minority than with the republic s universalist ideals of equality and secularism.Rooted in its 1789 revolution, these ideals have become France s civil religion, and they frame the stronger French reaction to Muslim issues from the more flexible treatment they get in Britain.The vigorous rejection of the burkini comes amid political tensions lingering from last year s bloody attacks.Only last week, President Fran ois Hollande had to abandon a tough law-and-order bill he and Valls suggested last November. The proposed law would have stripped French citizenship from terrorists who have a second passport, a small category of people who will be mostly Muslim immigrants.The conservative opposition and even important parts of his own Socialist Party rejected Hollande s plan.Air France touched this raw nerve recently when it advised stewardesses working on a newly reopened Paris-Tehran route that they would have to cover their hair and wear pants on arrival in Iran. Staff unions protested until the airline announced that only women who volunteer for the flights would be assigned to them. Via: St. Louis Today",0
20756,COLLEGE PROFESSOR CAUGHT ON TAPE: You Can’t Have Peace If ‘Whiteness’ Exists…Poor Whites Also Have ‘Privilege”,"Close your eyes and imagine a white professor telling his students there will be no peace as long as  blackness  exists. Now picture that teacher in the unemployment line with about 100 cameras and reporters around him demanding he apologize for his blatant racism. Imagine how many hard working parents are scrimping and saving to send their children to college to be part of a captive audience in this racist s classroom. Parents better start speaking up and demanding these colleges and universities hold these radical, racist professors accountable for the things they are  teaching  our children. No one else is going to do it for us James Harrison, history professor at Portland Community College, said in a lecture Monday for the college s April Whiteness History Month that peace in the U.S. is impossible so long as whiteness still exists.In a talk entitled  Imagine A World Without Whiteness,  Harrison declared confidently conflict can only cease once the power structure of whiteness is totally eliminated. Imagine everyone living life in peace,  Harrison said, building off John Lennon s famous song  Imagine. And how do we get to that good world is the question   a world without conflict. And to me, my interpretation of these words, is it would be a world, or U.S., without whiteness, in terms of the power structure,  Harrison said, offering his own interpretation of Lennon s song. Can there be a world without whiteness, a world in which white privilege doesn t exist?  Harrison asked his audience. My answer is yes, we can, because it s happened before, and it all revolves around individuals taking small steps to dismantle and demolish the whole concept.  The effort is working. Harrison said whiteness is on the retreat, noting estimates indicate whites will no longer be a majority in the United States by 2040 or 2050.But do poor whites have white privilege? Harrison answered in the affirmative. Most whites, even poor whites, he said, don t recognize they have white privilege because it s invisible. It s like a club you belong to without asking to be part of it, Harrison said.Via: Daily Caller",0
20757,COMMUNIST Students THREATEN “Students For Trump” Event [VIDEO] How Much Longer Will Americans Allow Violent Left To Shut Down Free Speech?,"The breaking point is fast approaching in a divided America Obama couldn t have hoped for a better outcome in the final year of his failed presidency. Americans fighting Americans over race, religion and sexual orientation. Violence and threats are being used against anyone who disagrees with the Left, while Alinsky trained activists continue to be inspired by radicals like Obama and funded by radicals like Communist George Soros. The first meeting of Portland State University s Students for Trump group was loudly interrupted and shut down by anti-Trump protesters, who barged into the group s meeting on Thursday evening.A video released by the students shows Anti-Trump protesters causing a significant disruption at the meeting, which was a closed event for members of the club.Although the conversation was initially civil, it eventually progressed into name-calling and shouting. An Anti-Trump protester threatened a student that was filming the scene:  Point that f**king camera at me  Wait  til that camera is not there do you want to get f**ked up by a f**king faggot? After a protester took to standing on top of a table to address the crowd, a pro-Trump student suggested that starting a  Students Against Trump  group would have been a more productive way to combat pro-Trump students at PSU. The only way to combat this shit is to join an organization that has an anti-racist, anti-capitalist stance,  another protester claimed.  You need to get out of the fucking way and let people of color let these people organize themselves. Despite the meeting being a closed event for the club, the protesters demanded the right to speak. When a few pro-Trump students tried to calm down a protester yelling from atop a table, another protester yelled,  If you don t let her talk, I will f**k shit up. Although the disruption primarily led to shouting and name-calling, there were some productive discussions that happened amongst the chaos. One pro-Trump student explained that his own parents had gone through a lot to immigrate legally:  My family are immigrants, they paid thousands and thousands of dollars, they waited years. I don t see why it s fair to let anyone   we don t know who they are, they could be criminals, they could anything   just waltz through the country with no repercussions. Although most listened respectfully as the student explained his support of Trump, one student responded that he was disappointed that a minority could support Trump:  People of color Trump supporters make me so sad. Via: Breitbart News",0
20758,MICHELLE OBAMA Slams America At Iranian Party: “We’re Hearing So Much Disturbing And Hateful Rhetoric”,"So you have to listen to this little speech by Michelle Obama and understand that she s totally lying when she speaks about  disturbing  and  hateful rhetoric . Americans are NOT blowing themselves up or cutting heads off. If anything, Americans have been so forgiving and fantastic in the face of Islamic terrorism. There s so much more to say but in a nutshell we re not the ones screaming  Death to Iran!  BUT Iranians are screaming  DEATH TO AMERICA NUF SAID! Here s some propaganda from USA Today: ",0
20759,CA DEMOCRATS HAVE SOLUTION TO MASSIVE Health Care Costs…Assisted Suicide,"When a state has legislated themselves into an unrecoverable financial crisis, and they re offering health care to 170,000 illegal immigrants the only solution is to find a way to start eliminating costs. While most people would turn to cutting unnecessary government programs, compassionate Californians instead, turn to finding ways to eliminate humans who are a drain on the system.The Democrats appear to have found a solution to the massive costs of caring for humans. If you re living outside of the womb (we already know you have no rights if you re living inside the womb in CA) and are a burden on society, you might want to consider packing your bags and making a quick exit out of Communist California   Democrats in California might have found a solution for the burgeoning costs of Medi-Cal which still doesn t provide any palliative care and offers only one in every three a chance of getting cancer treatments. The solution they ve come up with is doctor-assisted suicide also known as euthanasia. That s right, they re going to end the lives of some people on the program.They are willing to put their money where their mouths are and Governor Moonbeam Brown, in addition to putting it in the budget, will allow this expansion to take place before the new proposed law even takes effect.It s hard to remember a case where they were this enthusiastic and worked this fast.The lethal drugs will cost $5400 per patient but it s a lot cheaper than keeping them alive and providing care.The proponents claim it has nothing to do with saving costs but they said it during the session called to address the ever-growing deficit in Medi-Cal.Enthusiastically, Governor Moonbeam put $2.3 million into the budget to off 443 Medi-Cal patients. The doctor of death only has to visit twice and only nine of the planned 443 targeted patients will be sent for mental health evaluations.The proponents want another quarter million to hire staff to help with the Euthanasia regulations and DHCS wants another $323,000 to set up a database.One of the original authors of the bill, Senator Bill Monning (D-Carmel), has proposed a toll-free number for the public to find out how to arrange suicide with the help of a doctor.No effort will be too small to get this sure-fire deficit buster going. Liberals  love this sort of thing.Leftist Robert Reich on assisted suicide:Dr. Kevorkian once went to jail for this.California just extended Medi-Cal to 170,000 illegal immigrant children and they want to extend it to all illegal immigrants. They will have to end a lot of lives to cover the costs. Liberals don t worry about costs until after the program is implemented. Now that Daddy Government is in charge of your healthcare, he s also in charge of your death. Weasel Zippers Via: Independent Sentinel ",0
20760,WOW! NAVY SEAL BLASTS HILLARY: “You Are An Ignorant Liar” [VIDEO],"This is a MUST WATCH!According to American News, Raso began by calling Clinton out for a lie she told an audience  in order to make herself appear as courageous as American soldiers.  Of course, he was referring to the lie Clinton told about dodging enemy fire in Bosnia. I remember landing under sniper fire,  Clinton once said.  There was supposed to be some kind of a greeting ceremony at the airport but instead we just ran with our heads down to get into the vehicle to get to our base. It was a moment of great pride for me. Raso pointed out that video footage proves Clinton was greeted warmly with handshakes that day. She tried to blame her lie on a mistake, calling it a  misstatement. In my 12-year military career, I never heard an excuse like that from my leadership,  Raso told reporters.  It s impossible to even imagine that happening. Only someone completely arrogant, ignorant and disrespectful of what happens in war could say something like that,  he concluded.  Hillary was willing to lie in order to take advantage of that feeling of gratitude and awe Americans have for those who serve.  Via: Conservative Post",0
20761,"MY POPE JUST INVITED A RADICAL, Pro-Abortion Socialist Named Bernie To The Vatican…Should Conservative Catholics Be Outraged?","Funny I seem to remember being taught as a young Catholic girl that charity begins at home .Pope Francis invited Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders to the Vatican April 15 just ahead of the April 19 make or break New York primary.Sanders has been invited by the pontiff to a conference hosted by the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences. The conference will be dealing with  social, economic, and environmental issues. Sanders announced the Vatican visit on MSNBC s  Morning Joe.  Sanders made clear he has some differences with the pope but liked that he is  injecting a moral consequence into the economy. Sanders, who is Jewish, is married to Catholic Jane O Meara Sanders. When announcing the news, Sanders said he,  was very moved by the invitation, which just was made public today.  The senator went on to jokingly say that,  you know, people say Bernie Sanders is radical   read what the pope is writing. Via: Daily Caller Meanwhile back in Pope Frances  home country of Argentina, economic crises besiege them with the regularity of earthquakes over a tectonic plate. These crises can be devastating, wiping out family savings, employment and life plans. It seems we re always recovering from or preparing for some sort of economic shock. Sometimes, our survival strategies can even contribute to the subsequent crisis.Last month Argentine voters very narrowly opted for a political sea change, voting out the Peronist faction led by Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner (she and her deceased husband governed the country for the last 12 years) and electing the conservative mayor of Buenos Aires, Mauricio Macri, to replace her.The business-friendly president-elect ran in opposition to a government that has been highly divisive, defined by extensive social spending and statist economic policies that antagonized large business interests and foreign investors. Kirchner leaves office with a high approval rating of about 50 percent, thanks to popular policies such as a per-child conditional cash transfer policy for poor families and a focus on human rights, such as gay marriage. But the economy is stagnant, annual inflation is around 25 percent, and the fiscal deficit could amount to an alarming 6 percent of the country s GDP this year.President-elect Macri has promised to shock the highly regulated economy into market-based reality. One element of his approach will be the elimination of strict currency controls put in place to prevent capital flight. The cost could be a devaluation of up to 60 percent. Economists, like gym gurus, always seem to argue that a bright future can only be attained with short-term pain.The government s official exchange rate allows you to buy a dollar for about 9.6 pesos. But since 2011, access to dollars has been highly limited in an attempt to keep people and companies from taking money out of the country.U.S. dollars, with the enduring value they represent, are the holy financial grail. From small wads stuffed under a mattress to a security box filled with piles of cash, dollars are the gold standard for Argentines. Dollars are perceived as the objective measure of value   to the point where property, perceived to have enduring value of its own, is priced in dollars.Via: Huffington Post",0
20762,HOLY MUSLIM INDOCTRINATION! Sesame Street Introduces Hijab Wearing Muppet,"Where s The Muppet Dressed As A Nun?Oh wait that would probably be offensive to non-Christians Sesame Street unveiled a fresh face Thursday: a hijab-wearing Afghani Muppet named Zari who will teach kids about  girl empowerment, social and emotional wellbeing. Zari will first appear in season five of Baghch-e-Simsim, which is the Afghan version of Sesame Street.The popular children show s Twitter account was abuzz with Zari content Thursday.Introducing Zari! Our new friend in Afghanistan, joining #BaghcheSimSim for #Season5! She's a very special girl! pic.twitter.com/ggI0qpPR78  Sesame Workshop (@SesameWorkshop) April 7, 2016Via: Breitbart News",0
20763,CHARLES BARKLEY Says Anyone Who Criticizes Obama Is A Racist…Gay Rights More Important Than Religious Freedom In America [VIDEO],"On March 20, 2016 Barkley had this to say about Obama:  Listen, you people in America who are upset that President Obama did a [March Madness NCAA Basketball] bracket   why don t ya ll just go say you don t like him because he s black. He continued,  Cut through all the BS   don t say he take too many vacations   just say,  We don t like him because he s black.'  Via: TMZLess than a month ago, Charles Barkley said anyone who disagrees with Obama does so because they are discriminating against him because he is black. And now, according to the all-knowing former NBA star, anyone who believes the religious rights of business owners should be protected is discriminating against gays. What about white Christians Charles? Are they entitled to any protections, or do you have to fall into some sort of minority category in order to have any rights or protections in the new progressive America? Charles Barkley wants to move All-Star game due to 'Anti-LGBT' lawhttps://t.co/P0hK7FpJFo  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) April 8, 2016Retired professional basketball player and NBA analyst Charles Barkley has been bringing politics into this year s March Madness tournament left and right.His latest comments center around Indiana s Religious Freedom Act, the left s latest punching bag. Discrimination in any form is unacceptable to me,  Barkley said Friday in a statement released through his agent to USA Today.  As long as anti-gay legislation exists in any state, I strongly believe big events such as the Final Four and Super Bowl should not be held in those states  cities. The Religous Freedom Act prevents Indiana state and local governments from  substantially burdening a person s ability to exercise their religion   unless the government can show that it has a compelling interest and that the action is the least-restrictive means of achieving it,  according to the Indianapolis Star.The legislation, which will take effect July 1, makes no specific mention of sexual orientation, but it was quickly dubbed  anti-gay  by opponents.Barkley also turned the popular basketball tournament political when he made comments about President Obama s March Madness bracket. He said that people were criticizing Obama for filling out a bracket because  he s black.  Via: Red Alert Politics ",0
20764,WATTERS’ WORLD: What Word Offends Princeton ‘Snowflakes’ [Video],Jesse Waters goes out to try and find out what words are offensive to Princeton students: ,0
20765,NEW YORK GOV CUOMO Thinks He’s The Boss of You: Bans Travel To Mississippi!,"NY Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) thinks he s the boss of you! He banned all non-essential travel to Mississippi after the state passed a religious liberty bill that he called a  hateful injustice against the LGBT community.  Can you believe this guy?  The bill, known as House Bill 1523 or the  Protecting Freedom of Conscience from Government Discrimination Act,  was signed into law by Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant (R) Tuesday and will go into effect July 1.The legislation guards against the discrimination of individuals, religious organizations and certain businesses who have  sincerely held religious beliefs or moral convictions  that marriage  should be recognized as the union of one man and one woman. Under the law, religious leaders can decline to  solemnize any marriage  or provide wedding-related services based on religious or moral objections. In addition, Mississippians can decided  whether or not to hire, terminate or discipline an individual whose conduct or religious beliefs are inconsistent  with their own ideals.After the passage of the new law, Cuomo issued an order Tuesday that  requires all New York State agencies, departments, boards and commissions to immediately review all requests for state funded or state sponsored travel  to Mississippi.Last month, Cuomo did the same thing for travel to North Carolina.Read more: The Blaze ",0
20766,BLACK LIVES MATTER TERRORIST: Asks ‘Allah’ To Help Her Not ‘Kill Men And White Folks’,"Is anyone else out there sick of the racist hate speech coming from Black Lives Matter? Here s yet another example of hate speech towards whites. Canadian Black Lives Matter terrorist Yusra Khogali is in hot water over a Tweet she posted asking  Allah  to stop her from having to kill white people Plz Allah give me strength to not cuss/kill these men and white folks out here today. Plz plz plz,  Khogali tweeted on Feb. 9.News of the controversial Tweet went international earlier in the week after @Newstalk1010 host Jerry Agar began Tweeting about the racist cyber screed.Khogali has since placed her Twitter account under protected status and has refused to comment on the controversial Tweet.Read more: Breitbart",0
20767,WOW! PRINCETON PROFESSOR DEMONSTRATES How Easily Voter Fraud Is Committed On Electronic Voter Machines [VIDEO],A Princeton professor gives viewers of FOX News a shocking demonstration that proves how easily voter fraud is committed with electronic voter machines.Watch here:,0
20768,WHY IS THE MEDIA SILENT As Hillary Cackles About Her Key Role In Muslim Invasion Of Europe? [VIDEO],"Whenever Hillary cackles, you can be pretty sure she s either hiding something or she s deflecting from a topic she refuses to address. The trail of destruction she left behind in Libya while acting as our incompetent Sec. of State, including the deaths of four brave Americans in Benghazi, should be enough to disqualify her for a janitorial position at the Pentagon. Yet today, we find our corrupt media pushing for Hillary to become our next President of the United States. The undeniable connection between Hillary s incompetence in Libya and the current Muslim migrant crisis is explained below. You probably know that the European Union has clamped down finally on the arrivals of migrants in Greece (from Turkey) with their latest scheme to return those who have no legitimate claim to asylum back to Turkey.So it is no surprise that smugglers are finding a new (old!) route. It is not really new because ever since the Obama Administration launched its foolish attack on Libya (with its equally foolish European partners), Libya has been a launch pad for invasion, albeit the flow from there slowed during the winter months as the invasion of Europe by mostly Muslim migrants was directed at the Turkey/Greece route.And, in this hot US Election 2016 season why is there no mention of the fact that Hillary (and her girls) are to blame for the hellhole Libya has become?At least strongman Libyan leader Col.Muammar Gaddafi was able to keep the invasion of Europe from launching from Libya! Now it is a crime-ridden hellhole where smugglers ply their trade with impunity.Here is Hillary cackling about the death of Col. Mummer Gaddafi:https://youtu.be/yn6yktWU5qAHere is what UKIP s Nigel Farage said last year:Libya was actively working with Italy to prevent illegal aliens from trying to cross the Mediterranean on boats. Then the US and Britain armed and provided air support to Sunni Jihadists to topple Gaddafi. Now, people from all over Africa are packing into small boats and trying to illegally enter Europe.USA Today tells us how the Turkey to Greece smugglers are turning their attention again to Libya.  Refugees  will not sit idle in Turkey they say:Abu Hassan, the administrator of a Facebook page dedicated to smuggling, said that s already happening.  People are now traveling from Turkey to Libya by air and then to Italy by sea in a more expensive and more dangerous journey,  he said.Of course the government of Turkey is complicit too, surely they must know that  refugees  are hopping planes to Libya in increasing numbers!Every photo of invaders of Europe from Libya should be juxtaposed with this video of Hillary cackling after her plans killed Gadaffi! (Watch Huma hand her a phone in front of the cameras).Via: Refugee Resettlement Watch",0
20769,"OBAMA’S EPA GESTAPO TO SKIP Hearing On CO Mine, Toxic Sludge Disaster…Will Attend UN CLIMATE CHANGE Meeting With Obama Instead","Priorities priorities Arizona Sen. John McCain wants a subpoena issued immediately for the head of the Environmental Protection Agency to attend a hearing in his home state on the Colorado mine disaster the agency caused last year.The August disaster caused an uncontrolled rupture of an abandoned gold mine that caused 3 million gallons of toxic sludge to spill into the Animas River, which sullied the waterways of three states. It s my understanding that the EPA has decided not to send a representative to this field hearing,  the Arizona Republican said Wednesday, requesting that the chairman of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee issue a subpoena.  EPA s response is unacceptable. It s a violation of our obligation to protect the interests of Native Americans and their tribes and EPA must be present at this hearing. I respectfully request that the committee issue a subpoena for EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy to appear at the field hearing. The hearing will be held on Earth Day, April 22, which is a big day for the EPA. McCarthy is expected to be part of President Obama s delegation to New York for a climate change meeting at the United Nations. Obama plans to sign a deal he agreed to in Paris to cut greenhouse gas emissions with nearly 200 other countries to fight global warming.The field hearing will be held in Phoenix at the request of American Indian tribes affected by the toxic spill that crossed through Navajo land.The EPA said it would send testimony from a high-ranking agency official in lieu of an actual official attending.Via: Washington Examiner ",0
20770,SHAMEFUL! AIR FORCE VETERAN Ousted From Colleague’s Retirement Ceremony For Reading Dedication To U.S. Flag?! [VIDEO],"OBAMA S AMERICA:  Why do you think people are leaving (the Air Force) in droves? What began as a dignified affair quickly turned into an embarrassing scene after a retired Air Force official was forcibly ejected from his colleague s retiree ceremony.The event was being held at Travis Air Force Base in California for Master Sergeant Chuck Roberson of the 749th Aircraft Maintenance Squadron.But the service was interrupted when Retired Senior Master Sgt. Oscar Rodriguez was forcibly ejected from the stage as he began to read out a statement honoring the American Flag to the audience.However, the recital was not a part of the usual procedure at retirement ceremonies and Rodriguez was told to stop.A video that captured the incident shows two men in camouflage uniform approach Rodriguez and say something quietly, but he appears not to respond.As the two men push him off stage, he continues to shout out the words, he is eventually pushed out of the room, but his shouts can still be heard in the distance.An investigation has since been launched into the disturbance, an Air Force Reserve official told Fox News Wednesday.An official said in a statement:  Rodriguez ignored numerous requests to respect the Air Force prescribed ceremony and unfortunately was forcibly removed. We will continue to investigate the situation fully. But John Huffington, who said he is a friend of the man whose retirement ceremony was taking place, posted the video on his Facebook with the comment:  This is disturbing at my friend s retirement today and the gentlemen that you are going to see in the video gets assaulted as a guest of my friend. He speaks the words of the color and strips [sic] as they fold the flag. The squadron commander and Oscar have issues from years ago the commander said he did not want him in the building nor saying the words to the flag. Remember he is my friend s guest. So instead of letting him finish what he started saying he had his trolls assault him dragging him out of the building as you can here [sic] him still saying the words to the flag. And you can here joe saying  do it do it. Theater is full of family and guests and fellow Air Force members. This could have been handled in a much better way instead of tainting my friend s retirement. This is how we treat our fellow Air Force veterans. Yes I m pissed off. And Stephen Sila, who identified himself as the officiating officer at the ceremony posted a long explainer on the Facebook page of John Q Public, an army blog where the story first appeared. Sila said that Rodriguez had been invited to speak at the ceremony and had planned to read a statement honoring the flag and that his appearance had been cleared through the proper avenues.But non squadron CC apparently had an issue with Rodriguez attending, apparently stemming from a personal issue at a previous squadron between the squadron CC and Mr Rodriguez, claimed Sila.He added:  Why do you think people are leaving (the Air Force) in droves? Because the guys in the trenches are subjected to nonstop stupidity from commanders who don t deserve the rank, respect, or support of the people they re in charge of. But the Air Force Reserve said in the statement it  respects and defends the right to free speech and religious expression.  Via: Daily Mail ",0
20771,#AnyoneButHillary: NEW POLL Shows Bernie Supporters WON’T Vote For Hillary…Who They’ll Vote For If Hillary’s The Nominee May Surprise You,"Hillary may find out she needs more than black women drag her lying criminal ass over the finish line Actress and Bernie Sanders supporter Susan Sarandon recently received shock and criticism for suggesting she may not vote for Hillary Clinton in the general election. She s not alone. According to a recent McClatchy-Marist Poll conducted on March 29-31, 25 percent of Sanders supporters would not support her, while 69 percent would. Sanders voters are even more committed to him   and perhaps against Clinton,  McClatchy DC suggested that after Sanders s Tuesday win in Wisconsin.While voters under 45 are among the most likely to eventually support Hillary, they could play a role in her possibly losing to the Republican nominee. Even if they don t vote for a Republican, staying home could cause Hillary to come up short.Lee Miringoff, director of the Marist Institute for Public Opinion, called the possibility  potentially worrisome  for Hillary.  Age seems to be the most significant factor,  he noted.Professor Carlos L. Yordan of Drew University made a similar point recently, noting the particular importance of young people in swing states. Hillary might also risk a loss if she faces off against Ted Cruz in November, as a recent Fox News poll found he s preferred by millennials.Via: Red Alert Politics ",0
20772,SARAH PALIN ASKS AZEALIA BANKS To Join Her To Fight Racism After Rapper Says Palin Should Be “Gang Raped”…Azealia’s Response Is Pure Hatred," Trump and Palin etc, represent the contempt that whitey shares for this intangible, uncontrollable new black mind that s been steeping for a while now. Azealia Banks penned another expletive-filled note Wednesday attacking Sarah Palin,  crackers,  and  whitey  just hours after the former Alaska governor vowed to sue the rapper for an earlier graphic outburst against her. Despite their best efforts to conceal the contempt and envy that the cracker has for Blacks and other people of color  they just can t hide it and it s seeping from the seams of their being,  Banks wrote in a Tumblr post Wednesday (emphasis hers).On Monday, the 24-year-old rapper issued a series of since-deleted tweets that suggested Palin should be gang-raped and forced to perform oral sex on a group of black men, and that the incident should be filmed and uploaded to the website WorldStarHipHop. Sarah Palin needs to have her hair shaved off to a buzz cut, get headf ked by a big veiny, ashy, black d k then be locked in a cupboard,  Banks wrote in a tweet that was later deleted but screen-shotted by Media Research Center. Honestly  Let s find the biggest burliest blackest n es and let them run a train on her. Film it and put it on worldstar,  she wrote in another since-deleted message.On Tuesday, Palin vowed to sue the rapper over the comments, telling People magazine that Banks  engages in a form of racism and hate that is celebrated by some in the perverted arm of pop culture, but is condemned by those who know it s tearing our country apart. On your behalf, I think this time I don t just sit back and swallow it, but put the fear of God in her by holding her accountable,  Palin said.  As many of you have for years implored me to do, I m finally going to sue. But the threat of a lawsuit has seemingly not deterred Banks, who wrote Wednesday that white people are  running out of mental mind-f*ck tricks. Banks wrote (emphasis hers): i m 100% positive that the police killings, cultural appropriation, Trump and Palin etc. represent the contempt that whitey shares for this intangible, uncontrollable new black mind that s been steeping for a while now. The mind born of very intelligent and real conversations/confrontations around American Racism. And the detachment of the Black mind from the mirage of a subpar existence and self-perceptions that crackers created for us long ago. They feel exposed and out of control for once. And our big black ideas and expression are threatening to further expose them, so they ll try to trivialize and minimize our blackness by stereotyping us. Blackness is frustrating crackers nowadays because it s threatening their sense of security and being,  she added.  We longer care about what they think, so it s hard to control us. F*ck whitey,  the rapper concluded the post.The note came after Banks continued to tweet about her spat with Palin late Tuesday into Wednesday morning, with the rapper suggesting that the former GOP vice presidential nominee was performing sexual favors for current GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump:Banks and Palin exchanged open letters on Tuesday, with Palin calling for the rapper to join her to  work together on something worthwhile   like condemning racism, along with empowering young women to defend themselves against a most misogynist, degrading, devastating assault perpetrated by evil men   rape. Banks apologized to Palin in her own letter, opening by apologizing  for any emotional distress or reputational scarring I may have caused you. In my honest defense, i was completely kidding,  the Harlem-born Slay-Z rapper wrote.  I happen to have a really crass, New-York-City sense of humor, and regularly make silly jokes in attempts make light of situations which make me uncomfortable. As the fabric of the American Nation is EMBEDDED with racism, I merely made a raCIALly driven joke to counter what i believed to be real, raCIST rhetoric [sic]. Via: Breitbart News",0
20773,"WHEN HUMA MET HILLARY: “Oh my God, she’s so beautiful and she’s so little!”","Apparently Hillary s secret emails may contain information about a special relationship between Huma and Hillary. Clinton insiders continue to come forward with allegations of Hillary s affairs with women during her marriage to Bill. Why is it be a big deal for any of the men running for President to have an affair, but a non-issue when it comes to Hillary? Why does Hillary get a pass on her alleged affair/s? The top aide to Hillary Clinton says meeting Clinton was  amazing,  and that she remembers thinking about the now-Democrat presidential candidate,  Oh my God, she s so beautiful and she s so little! You know these things that happen in your life that just stick?  Huma Abedin said in a Call Your Girlfriend podcast interview.  She walked by and she shook my hand and our eyes connected and I just remember having this moment where I thought,  Wow. Call Your Girlfriend describes itself as a  podcast for long-distance besties everywhere.  The podcast is hosted by Ann Friedman, a freelance journalist and New York magazine columnist, and Aminatou Sow, a digital strategist who was named one of Forbes  30 under 30 in tech fields. The hosts said Abedin   the vice chair of Clinton s presidential campaign   was among the top 10 people they were hoping to interview for their podcast. You re a big deal to young ladies,  Sow complimented Abedin at the start of the interview.Abedin said she prefers to have a role that is  behind the scenes. I really work as  part of a village,  as my boss coined the phrase,  she added.  It does take a village to support Hillary Clinton. I am part of that village. Asked about the first time she met Clinton, Abedin said in the fall of 1996   when she was 21   she was working in the former First Lady s office as an intern for her then-chief-of-staff Melanne Verveer. Clinton, she said, was  very good about meeting all the interns in her office. But Abedin said it was in Little Rock after Bill Clinton was re-elected president that Hillary Clinton  shook my hand and our eyes connected and I just remember having this moment where I thought wow, this is amazing. And I just it just inspired me. You know, I still remember the look on her face,  she continued.  And it s funny, and she would probably be so annoyed that I say this, but I remember thinking,  Oh my God, she s so beautiful and she s so little!  Via: Breitbart News ",0
20774,COPS KILLED BY GUNS UP 150%…HILLARY PANDERS To Black Voters: “We Have To Retrain Our Police Officers”,"The number of law enforcement officials killed by gunfire is up 150% this year. In an effort to pander for the black vote, Hillary says she would like our police officers to be  retrained.  She ignores the fact that so many families of law enforcement officers have lost a father or mother, husband or wife to criminals. Hillary would like to instead, ensure the gangbangers who are likely using guns they obtained illegally are protected from our law enforcement. Hillary Clinton spent her Sunday in New York campaigning in front of black congregations during which she continued to reiterate her support for retraining police officers.Clinton has made  police reform  a recurring theme in her bid for the Democratic nomination. She was endorsed Sunday by Nicole Bell, wife of Sean Bell, a man who was killed by the NYPD in 2005. No officers were found guilty of any wrongdoing in the incident. Today, I was endorsed by this beautiful young woman, Nicole Bell, whose fianc  was killed by the police right before she was to be married. When I was a Senator, I tried to help. I tried to stand up about what had happened,  the former secretary of state said at the Brown Memorial Baptist Church in Clinton Hill, NY.Clinton added,  today she wrote an editorial in The Daily News endorsing me and she said we have three common goals, she and I together, we have to end the epidemic of gun violence. Bell didn t write an op-ed Sunday, but in an interview with The New York Daily News she said,  [Hillary s] against racial profiling. And she wants to make investments to improve training for police officers. Those issues hit home for me and my family. Hillary repeated these comments almost verbatim at her church visit saying,  We have to end racial profiling and we have to retrain our police officers so they can do a job that doesn t require reaching for their gun when it is absolutely unnecessary. HERE S THE LIST OF Police Officers Killed By Gunfire in 2016 (so far):Police Officer Thomas W. Cottrell, Jr.  Danville Police Department, OH  EOW: Sunday, January 17, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireUnified Police Department of Greater Salt Lake, Utah  Police Officer Douglas Scott Barney, II.  Unified Police Department of Greater Salt Lake, UT  EOW: Sunday, January 17, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireSeaside Police Department, Oregon  Sergeant Jason Goodding  Seaside Police Department, OR  EOW: Friday, February 5, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireMesa County Sheriff s Office, Colorado  Deputy Sheriff Derek Geer  Mesa County Sheriff s Office, CO  EOW: Wednesday, February 10, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireHarford County Sheriff s Office, Maryland  Senior Deputy Mark Logsdon  Harford County Sheriff s Office, MD  EOW: Wednesday, February 10, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireHarford County Sheriff s Office, Maryland  Senior Deputy Patrick Dailey  Harford County Sheriff s Office, MD  EOW: Wednesday, February 10, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireRiverdale Police Department, Georgia  Major Gregory E. Barney  Riverdale Police Department, GA  EOW: Thursday, February 11, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireFargo Police Department, North Dakota  Police Officer Jason Moszer  Fargo Police Department, ND  EOW: Thursday, February 11, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireMississippi Department of Public Safety   Bureau of Narcotics, Mississippi  Special Agent Lee Tartt  Mississippi Department of Public Safety   Bureau of Narcotics, MS  EOW: Saturday, February 20, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfirePark County Sheriff s Office, Colorado  Corporal Nate Carrigan  Park County Sheriff s Office, CO  EOW: Wednesday, February 24, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfirePrince William County Police Department, Virginia  Officer Ashley Marie Guindon  Prince William County Police Department, VA  EOW: Saturday, February 27, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireEuless Police Department, Texas  Police Officer David Stefan Hofer  Euless Police Department, TX  EOW: Tuesday, March 1, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfirePrince George s County Police Department, Maryland  Police Officer I Jacai D. Colson  Prince George s County Police Department, MD  EOW: Sunday, March 13, 2016  Cause of Death: Gunfire (Accidental)Greenville Police Department, South Carolina  Police Officer III Allen Lee Jacobs  Greenville Police Department, SC  EOW: Friday, March 18, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireHoward County Sheriff s Office, Indiana  Deputy Sheriff Carl A. Koontz  Howard County Sheriff s Office, IN  EOW: Sunday, March 20, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireVirginia State Police, VirginiaTrooper Chad Phillip Dermyer  Virginia State Police, VA  EOW: Thursday, March 31, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireCanton Police Department, Ohio  K9 Jethro  Canton Police Department, OH  EOW: Sunday, January 10, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireNorfolk Police Department, Virginia  K9 Krijger  Norfolk Police Department, VA  EOW: Monday, January 11, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireSmith County Constable s Office   Precinct 5, Texas  K9 Ogar  Smith County Constable s Office   Precinct 5, TX  EOW: Tuesday, January 19, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireOmaha Police Department, Nebraska  K9 Kobus  Omaha Police Department, NE  EOW: Saturday, January 23, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireLas Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, NevadaK9 Nicky Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, NV  EOW: Thursday, March 31, 2016  Cause of Death: Gunfire (Accidental)Regarding racial profiling, her website says she d support  legislation to end racial profiling.  There are no details as to what that legislation would include. She has in the past supported former attorney general Eric Holder s police reform efforts.Via: Daily Caller ",0
20775,GAP APOLOGIZES For “Offensive Image” After Blacktivists Use Social Media To Attack Ad…But Here’s DIRTY SECRET Race Agitators Aren’t Sharing,"This social media campaign against the GAP is a great example of how the Black Lives agitators are using resources like Twitter to intimidate and threaten individuals, colleges and even large corporations like GAP. You can t blame these blacktivists for using  white guilt  as a weapon to game the system, as a means to gain an advantage over everyone else (Hispanics and Asians included). The real question is, when is someone going to be brave enough to stand up and say  enough of this manufactured hate! The ad for Gap s latest collaboration with Ellen DeGeneres is awash with pleasing blue hues, from the kid models  navy outfits to the talk show host s denim jacket.But the shades that really caught people s attention were on the children s skin. The commercial s stars were three white girls and a black girl.https://youtu.be/gdxXBqdfWMEThat, in itself, wasn t a problem. In the days following the campaign s launch last week, what drew ire from commentators online was the seeming passivity of the African American girl. While the other girls eagerly fielded DeGeneres s questions about their troupe  Le Petite Cirque,  she sat silent. While the white girls were highlighted performing solo acrobatic tricks, she seemed to appear only in reference to the others   balancing on someone s knees or with her arm wrapped around someone s waist.At least, this was the interpretation of those who were angered by the ad. And they were angered, most of all, by a photograph that showed the white girls standing in all manner of complex poses while the black girl s arms dangled idly at her sides, her head a cushion upon which another white girl rested an elbow.This imagery sparked the usual chain of reactions online. Those who were offended minced no words in expressing their outrage, and they were promptly reprimanded by those who thought they were overreacting.So @Gap decides to use the only Black girl in this campaign as a prop ..we see you! pic.twitter.com/widB8Axk5U    ArtsySneakerGirl (@BamaIntrovert) April 3, 2016That ad certainly isn't suggesting that *black* girls ""can do anything,"" @GapKids. It's incredibly distasteful to your black consumer base.  stacia l. brown (@slb79) April 3, 2016Many critics zeroed in on the caption Gap had used to introduce the campaign:  Meet the kids who are proving that girls can do anything. The Root s Kirsten West Savali articulated the essence of the distress:  While all of the girls are adorable, and indeed, all of them should grow up to be and do anything, it becomes problematic when the black child is positioned to be a white child s prop. What race agitators at  The Root  neglected to mention is that the white girl and the black girl whose head her arm resting upon are actually SISTERS! @TheRoot girl with arm resting on her shoulder is her sister She didn't talk in video because she was 2 shy. everyone needs to calm down.  Brooke Smith (@Iam_BrookeSmith) April 3, 2016They also neglected to post the photo from the GAP s ad campaign from last year:The company apologized Tuesday. As a brand with a proud 46 year history of championing diversity and inclusivity, we appreciate the conversation that has taken place and are sorry to anyone we ve offended,  Gap spokeswoman Debbie Felix said in a statement to Fortune.The offensive image will be removed, but the campaign will move forward, the company said. Via: Washington Post ",0
20776,WITCH HUNT: COMMUNIST CALIFORNIA Raids Home Of Man Behind Planned Parenthood Baby Parts Videos,"Make no mistake about it, we are seeing tactics used by communist countries to shut down views that are contrary to those in positions of power in our government.  SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP)   An anti-abortion activist who made undercover videos at Planned Parenthood clinics said in a social media posting that California Department of Justice agents raided his homeTuesday.Agents seized all video footage from his apartment, along with his personal information, David Daleiden said in a Facebook post. Daleiden, the founder of a group called the Center for Medical Progress, said agents left behind documents that he contends implicate Planned Parenthood in illegal behavior related to the handling of fetal tissue.Center for Medical Progress spokesman Peter Robbio confirmed the social media posting is authentic, but he declined further comment. He said Daleiden lives in Orange County.Rachele Huennekens, a spokeswoman for state Attorney General Kamala Harris, said in an email that she can t comment on any ongoing investigation.Harris said in July that she planned to review the undercover videos to see if center violated any state charity registration or reporting requirements. She said that could include whether Daleiden and a colleague impersonated representatives of a fake biomedical company or filmed the videos without Planned Parenthood s consent.Harris, a Democrat, is running for the U.S. Senate. Daleiden suggested in the social media posting that the raid was politically motivated because Harris has accepted campaign contributions from Planned Parenthood.Ms. Harris s support for Planned Parenthood is no secret: On Wednesday, she criticized an amendment to the federal highway bill submitted by Sen. Rand Paul, Kentucky Republican, to defund Planned Parenthood, which receives roughly $500 million annually in federal grants and reimbursements. The notion that some in DC want to hold CA highway funding hostage in order to defund Planned Parenthood is deeply troubling,  said Ms. Harris on Twitter, as cited on the conservative website Twitchy.In a second email, Ms. Harris said,  @PPFA serves more than 2 mil women a year, providing critical health care like cancer screenings, preventative care and birth control. That this cynical attempt to block women s access to health care is even being considered is yet another example of DC s dysfunction,  Ms. Harris concluded.  Washington TimesHer investigation prompted critics on social media to accuse her of  shooting the messenger  rather than attempting to determine whether Planned Parenthood has violated California law.Daleiden faces related charges in Texas. One of his Texas attorneys, Terry Yates, did not return telephone and email messages Tuesday.Texas authorities initially began a grand jury investigation of Planned Parenthood after the undercover videos were released in August.But the grand jury cleared Planned Parenthood of misusing fetal tissue and indicted Daleiden and a colleague, Sandra Merritt, in January on charges including using fake driver s licenses to get into a Houston clinic.Daleiden previously said his group followed the law in making the videos. His post Tuesday called the raid an  attack on citizen journalism  and said he will  pursue all remedies to vindicate our First Amendment rights.  Via: Sacramento CBS",0
20777,WOW! VIDEO SURFACES OF BERNIE SANDERS Praising Communism And Bread Lines [Video],Please share this everywhere! Especially to anyone considering voting for this nut job! ,0
20778,THIS ONE PICTURE Tells You Everything You Need To Know About The Muslim Refugee Invasion,"There is a particular photo of a little  refugee  boy lying dead on the beach that went viral last year.It is true that the photo is very sad and makes you reflect on the distress of people fleeing their country at the risk of their lives.The above photo shows people walking to reach their final objective, life in a European country. Even if this photo were to make it around the world, only 1% of the people would notice the truth.In the photo, there are seven men and one woman. This should tell you everything you need to know about who is really being left behind to face unimaginable persecution by radical Muslim terrorists.Look a bit closer, and you ll notice that the woman has bare feet. She is accompanied by three children, and of the three, she is carrying two. Notice that none of the men are helping her. Why? Because in their culture the woman represents nothing. She is only good enough to be a slave to the men. Do you really believe that these men could integrate in our society and respect our customs and traditions?Now you know why this picture is worth 1,000 words.-100% FED Up! ",0
20779,WATCH: BLACK LIVES MATTER Bernie Sanders Supporters SPIT On U.S. Flag In Front Of Vets At Trump Rally,"The new Democrat party Godless Socialists, racists, illegal aliens and anti-Americans. Is it any wonder they re flocking to Bernie like flies to sh*t?A  peaceful protest  at Donald Trump s Sunday rally in West Allis, Wisconsin featured several Black Lives Matter supporters standing on the American flag.In the videos   obtained by InfoWars   protesters stated that the  red, white and blue   this shit is the new swastika. Via: Daily Callerh/t Weasel Zippers",0
20780,WOW! FORMER LIBERAL AND BLACK PANTHER Exposes Phony “Black Lies Matter” [VIDEO],"Ginni Thomas is one of the most hard-working and patriotic women in America. As a contributor to the Daily Caller she has interviewed a number of interesting, and many times controversial guests. Her interview with former Black Panther Clarence Mason Weaver is one of her most powerful and thought provoking interviews to date. You ll want to watch every minute of it.    Clarence Mason Weaver was once so filled with hatred towards white people in America, that he broke up with a girlfriend who had a white dog, the now-conservative told The Daily Caller New Foundation in this exclusive video interview.A formerly hate-filled, Berkeley Black Panther liberal, Weaver is a black conservative who now holds strong views on Black Lives Matter, the first black president and how America can heal its racial divide.From humble beginnings, Weaver served his country in Vietnam working as a pipe fitter in the Navy. It was an incident on August 11, 1971 that changed his life forever: A white racist tried to kill him just because of his skin color. Done Nothing But Drive Us Apart : Former Radical Black Panther Gets Candid On Obama, Race RelationsTo read entire story: Daily Caller",0
20781,OBAMA UNDERMINES AMERICA…Plans To Slash Nuclear Stockpiles…Again,"Dinesh D Sousa warned us about Obama s reduction of our nation s nuclear stockpile in his movie,  2016, Obama s America.  Shortly after his blockbuster movie appeared in theaters across America, Dinesh D Souza was charged with violating federal campaign finance laws and was sentenced to five years of probation, a $30,000 fine, and eight months in a San Diego  community confinement center  where he was forced to undergo  therapeutic counseling. Here is what Dinesh D Souza predicted:Driven by the alleged anti-colonialist ideology of a father he barely met, President Barack Obama systematically is undermining America economically and militarily   leaving it vulnerable to financial collapse, and even as unlikely as the possibility may seem, nuclear attack.And it charges as he slashes the defense budget, Obama is simultaneously pushing to reduce the nation s nuclear stockpile to as low as a few hundred missiles   even as other countries like China, Russia and North Korea are modernizing and expanding their arsenals, and Iran   widely believed to be close to developing nuclear weapons   is threatening to annihilate Israel.   From Dinesh D Sousa s controversial 2010 book,  The Roots Of Obama s Rage   WNDHere is what is actually happening today:The United States cut its nuclear stockpiles by 20 percent between 1996 and 2013, with more reductions likely to come, according to recently declassified information released by the White House.Stockpiles of highly enriched uranium, or HEU, which is used to fuel a nuclear weapon, were cut from 740.7 metric tons to 586.6 metric tons from 1996 to 2013, according to recently declassified information made available by the Obama administration. This reflects a reduction of over 20 percent,  the White House announced.  Moreover, further reductions in the inventory are ongoing; the U.S. Department of Energy s material disposition program has down-blended 7.1 metric tons of HEU since September 30, 2013, and continues to make progress in this area. The stockpile reductions are part of an effort by the Obama administration to eliminate nuclear materials and move away from these types of weapons.The move comes as countries such as Russia and North Korea move to increase their nuclear stockpiles. Russia, for instance, has made several announcements about its intent to boost its nuclear stockpile and number of weapons.However, the United States is moving in the opposite direction.Via:WFB ",0
20782,TWO “HIGH THREAT” EXPLOSIVE Experts Moved From GITMO To African Country With Over 90% Muslim Population [VIDEO],"If someone would have told me in 2008 that we would be releasing Muslim explosive experts from GITMO to a country where over 90% of its citizens were Muslim, I m quite sure I would have thought they were out of their minds. Fast forward to 2016 and the idea that this is really happening is barely registering as a blip on the radar of most Americans. Have Obama s radical policies, that have largely gone unchecked, and his open disregard for our national security caused Americans to ignore the treason his is committing against our nation? Two of Al Qaeda s former explosives experts were just transferred out of Guantanamo Bay and sent to Senegal, the Defense Department confirmed Monday, marking the latest detainees to be shipped out of the prison camp despite the risk they could return to the battlefield.The two Libyan former detainees were separately listed as threats to U.S. interests in Department of Defense documents obtained by Wikileaks and The New York Times.Salem Abdu Salam Ghereby is believed to have fought coalition forces at Usama bin Laden s Tora Bora complex in Afghanistan  and was associated with senior members of Al Qaeda.  Omar Khalif Mohammed Abu Baker Major Umar was assessed to be likely to  immediately seek out prior associates and reengage in hostilities and extremist support activities  upon his release, according to a 2008 government document.The news comes as senators prepare to introduce legislation to permanently block transfers of Guantanamo detainees to terror hot spots and state sponsors of terrorism including Yemen, Libya, Somalia, Syria, Iran and Sudan. Sen. Mark Kirk, R-Ill., was expected to introduce a bill as early as Monday, Fox News has learned.The transfer of Ghereby and Umar reduces the Guantanamo detainee population to 89, according to the Department of Defense. They are part of the Obama administration s long-running and controversial effort to reduce the prison population and ultimately close the camp.By law, the Pentagon must notify Congress 30 days in advance of any detainee transfer. The first notification for the individuals now identified as Ghereby and Umar was in early March. Others are expected in the next few weeks. We are taking all possible steps to reduce the detainee population at Guantanamo and to close the detention facility in a responsible manner that protects our national security,  Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement on Monday.Via: FOX News",0
20783,BREAKING: HILLARY CLINTON’S Comments On The ‘Rights’ Of The ‘Unborn” Will Send A Chill Up Your Spine [Video],"The  unborn person  is how Clinton describes the baby in the womb. So if the  unborn  is a person then wouldn t it have rights?  This interview with Clinton shows what a cold-hearted woman she is. She s all for late-term abortion like Obama is but we skewer Trump for being pro-life? The  unfavorable  ratings with women should be sky high for Clinton. In an interview with Chuck Todd on NBC s  Meet the Press  airing on Sunday, Clinton said that while it  doesn t mean that you don t do everything possible to try to fulfill your obligations [to help the unborn person], it does not include sacrificing the woman s right to make decisions.  SHE S JUST COLD  Read more: Daily Caller",0
20784,"CLASSLESS, BLACK PANTHER DIVA, Beyonce Shows Up At White House For Easter Egg Hunt In Playboy Bunny Style Dress","New Black Panther Entertainer of The Year, Beyonce showed up at the White House dressed like a two-bit hooker for the annual Easter Egg Roll. I suppose it s a better choice than her militant, bullet laden, Black Panther Super-Bowl get-up but seriously isn t this supposed to be a family event?!!Beyonce dressed in her Easter breast to crash the White House.The  Formation  singer busted out a $3,510 Marco de Vincenzo pink-and-white lace dress and sky-high heels for her surprise appearance at the Easter Egg Roll with the First Family on Monday.Beyonce arrived in a black-and-white striped Alice and Olivia power coat that matched Jay-Z s nautical-striped shirt, which he paired with a black blazer.https://twitter.com/BeyonceNation4/status/714499038926802945But tongues wagged after Yonce dropped the jacket. While Blue Ivy looked like an adorable little Easter Bunny in a fluffy white coat and bunny ears, her famous mother was working a lingerie-inspired outfit that made her look more like a Playboy Bunny.Appalling and tasteless. SMH #beyonce https://t.co/7Ee64HKI2S  Bonnie O'Keeffe (@bok2020) March 29, 2016The sheer white-collared blouse and red bustier with floral lace details put Queen Bey s own Easter Eggs on full display at what was supposed to be a family event, complete with Sesame Street characters and teen singers Chloe and Halle Bailey, whom Beyonce reportedly signed to a $1 million recording contract. Nice see through outfit to wear to a kids function,  griped Melody Kolb on Twitter.  She looks ridiculous.  Via: NYDaily News",0
20785,"HILLARY PANDERS FOR BLACK VOTE: Busts Out In AWKARD, Fake Laugh When “Grieving Mom” Brings Up Cheating Bill [VIDEO]","So now it s funny that Bill Clinton had oral sex with an intern in the Oval Office while Hillary was First Lady?Sandra Bland s mother Geneva Ridgefield, talked about how people she meets around the country complain that Hillary Clinton is a liar. Ridgefield defended Clinton, and later joked about Bill Clinton,  If I was to be held accountable for everything my man did, whoa! We d have a problem! It seems that Ridgefield, has gone from the Grieving mom of Sandra Bland   to the black comedian friend of Hillary. This is how politics works. Hillary is using these black mothers to appeal to blacks, and judging by the awkward fake laughter, she is willing to use her past scandals for a cheap moment.Via: DownTrend ",0
20786,MOTHER OF THE YEAR Hires Stripper For 8 Year Old’s Birthday Party [VIDEO],"Is this not considered child abuse?As birthday entertainment, a black Florida mom hired a stripper to bump and grind her 8-year old son and his friends. I know someone who is getting one of those  World s Best Mom  coffee mugs this Mother s Day.According to the NY Daily News a Tampa Bay, FL mom is taking considerable flak for posting a video from her son s 8th birthday party. The March 24th video showing a stripper shaking her big ass in a little kid s face has since been deleted, but since the Internet is forever, several others have re-posted it.Via: DownTrend",0
20787,"PRINCIPAL CAUGHT STEALING From DETERIORATING DETROIT SCHOOL That Got $500,000 Donation From Ellen DeGeneres [VIDEO]","Detroit teachers make viral video: Blame Republican Governor  for deteriorating schools Ellen DeGeneres donates $500,000 to help school..Principal BUSTED stealing money from school.But it s all about the kids While there is no question many of the schools in Detroit are in horrible shape, placing the blame on Republican Governor Rick Snyder is laughable. Taxpayers in the state of Michigan have been bailing out the corrupt Detroit Public schools for decades.Some Detroit teachers at Spain Elementary got together to make a video highlighting the issues they were facing due to lack of funds available to their schools. The video caught the attention of Ellen Degeneres. In the video, the teachers blame the deteriorating condition of the Detroit Public Schools on Republican Governor Rick Snyder. The teachers also compare their schools to the schools in the suburbs, where the working taxpayers live who fill the coffers of the public school officials and administrators who always seem to be under investigation for stealing from them. The teachers also make a point at of suggesting that because the students are black, they are somehow being treated unfairly, invoking the words of Martin Luther King, Jr. to prove her point. Watch here:Over a dozen current and former principals in the Detroit public school system have been charged in a conspiracy scheme involving more than $900,000 in kickbacks and bribes, federal prosecutors announced Tuesday.At least 13 principals are named in the federal complaints   including the principal of a school that was featured on  The Ellen DeGeneres Show  and received $500,000 in donations because conditions there were so poor.One of the principals, Ronald Alexander, had received about $23,000 in kickbacks, the federal complaint says.Alexander appeared on  The Ellen DeGeneres Show  in February when DeGeneres surprised his performing arts school with donations from Lowe s Home Improvement and pop star Justin Bieber, who pledged $1 from each ticket of his Michigan concert toward Spain Elementary-Middle School.During the show, teachers told Degeneres how they did not have enough money for books for each of the students and how classrooms lacked heat.[quote_box_center] Of all the people in the whole world, I am the happiest principal on Earth,  Alexander said at the time.[/quote_box_center]Here is the video clip of the wonderful principal thief at Spain Elementary-Middle School, who generously accepted the $500,000 donation from Ellen Degeneres: The real victims in a case like this are the students and the families   the teachers and the educators who want to make a difference,  Barbara McQuade, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan, said at a news conference.  A case like this is a real punch in the gut. The investigation started two years ago following a routine audit, prosecutors said.As part of the alleged scheme, school supplies vendor Allstate Sales was used by the various schools to purchase items such as auditorium chairs, supplemental teaching materials, and paper. The principals submitted fraudulent invoices for payments to Allstate Sales for some items that were never received.In exchange, those Detroit Public Schools principals received kickback payments, McQuade said. They ve each been charged with conspiracy and face arraignments.Norman Shy, Allstate Sales  owner, allegedly worked with Clara Flowers, a principal and assistant superintendent, from at least February 2009 to January 2015. She had the power to select vendors and order materials for various schools.The scheme involved a total of $908,518 in kickbacks and bribes in exchange for Allstate Sales doing business with the Detroit Public Schools worth $2.7 million, McQuade said.Detroit s public schools have been in financial straits, and the allegations against the city principals come as Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder announced that he signed a law releasing $48.7 million in emergency funding to help the state s largest school district stay open through the end of the school year.McQuade said the announcement of the charges were not linked to the governor s actions. This continues to demonstrate that the challenges at DPS aren t just Detroit s problem, they are concerns for all of Michigan,  Snyder said in a statement Tuesday.  Via: NBC ",0
20788,"IF YOU’RE A LAW-ABIDING CITIZEN WHO CARRIES A GUN, This Grocery Chain Will Refuse To Serve You","The bad news is, we live in a country that allows businesses to make decisions to discriminate against law-abiding citizens. The good news is that consumers can make the choice to shop elsewhere North Carolina-based grocer The Fresh Market says it will refuse to serve law-abiding customers who carry guns for self-defense.The decision came amid pressure from the Micheal Bloomberg-funded group, Moms Demand Action, which claims to have  gathered nearly 4,000 signatures across North Carolina  to pressure The Fresh Market into banning guns.According to the AP, The Fresh Market is asking law-abiding patrons to refrain from carrying guns to  ensure a welcoming environment where our customers and employees feel safe, and treat one another with kindness and respect while shopping and working.  No mention was made of how The Fresh Market plans to protect unarmed patrons from criminals who have never been hindered by a gun-free policy or a  no guns allowed  sign.4-Traders reports The Fresh Market not only banned guns but actually had their former CEO work with Moms Demand to formulate its new gun policy.Moms Demand has unsuccessfully pressured Kroger to ban guns for more than a year. Before that, they tried to get Starbucks and Staples to ban guns, both of which refused as well. The Fresh Market now joins Chipotle, Jack in the Box, Sonic, and Chili s on the list of businesses that changed their gun policy due to pressure from Moms Demand. Via: Breitbart News",0
20789,SHOULD PRESCHOOL KIDS Learn About Same-Sex Marriage? “Anti-Bias” Class Is Coming Your Way [Video],"Why the heck do preschool kids need to learn about sexual orientation? This is clearly indoctrination and shouldn t be allowed in preschool.Preschoolers in Colorado are learning about same-sex marriage and other gender issues. Both public and private schools are seeing a push for anti-bias curricula in their classrooms.It s a topic that teachers are not afraid to talk about it.From the preschool level with same-sex couples in picture books all the way to the high school level   students and teachers are talking about these issues together. We ve seen really heartbreaking data that suggests these conversations need to happen and they need to happen early in schools,  Bethy Leonardi said. She s a professor for future teachers at CU-Boulder.She s also the co-founder of the University s initiative called  A Queer Endeavor.  It has helped train thousands of current teachers over the past few years. The question that we seem to get asked a lot is why do this? Why so young? Is it appropriate?  Leonardi said.She also said it s not about taking sides on anything, it s about education. It s not an agenda. We re not telling people what to think. We re saying gay people exist. There are families with two moms. Some kids don t identify in the binary. That s it.  Via: KDVR",0
20790,COLLEGE THREATENS WOMEN Who Don’t Want To Urinate With Guys,"Ahhhh .social justice rears its ugly head in the transgender department.  Degendered  facilities are the new thing for campuses women who don t want to pee with guys are just out of luck How about social justice for women who do not want to share a public bathroom with men? Now that s justice!A New York City college has responded to transgender students who vandalized bathrooms by rewarding them with campus-wide  degendered  facilities.Bill Mea, acting president of Cooper Union, sent an email March 18 informing the campus community of the new restrooms, which will only be identified as  Restroom with Urinals and Stalls,   Restroom with Only Stalls,  and  Restroom Single Occupancy. We have always been ahead of our time and we must continue being leaders on issues of social justice,  Mea said.  We, who are in positions of power, have the obligation to not only stand with those without power, but to stand in front of them, clearing a path for them to walk. I cannot change the outside world and how it treats transgender and gender non-conforming people, but I can change the Cooper Union environment to help everyone feel safe when they are inside our buildings. The school president then appeared to make a veiled threat of disciplinary action for individuals who publicly protest his decision. I also ask that none of us practice gender policing, where we attempt to restrict someone from using the same restroom we are using or make them feel uncomfortable for doing so,  Mea said.  If you feel uncomfortable sharing a restroom, then the single-occupancy restrooms will now be available to you. The website Insider Higher Ed reported Thursday that Cooper Union may be the first college to completely eliminate gender distinctions in bathrooms. The process began two years ago when students removed bathroom signs and replaced them with banners reading  Bathroom  or  Degendered. Mea, who left the signs down in order to observe how students reacted, told the website that resistance was relegated to a  handful of alumni. I think you ll begin seeing this more and more,  Mea said.  We here in New York City, we have the support of our mayor and the support of our city. That allows us that opportunity to be more expansive, but obviously there may be less of an opportunity where other colleges are located. Doulos Christou, a reader at the education watchdog The College Fix, said Mea s decision has much more to do with control than supporting  those without power. Here s what the [LGBT] agenda is really about,  said Christou on Friday.  Demanding tolerance gave way to demanding recognition, which gave way to demanding equality, which is now giving way to demanding superiority. We ve written numerous things about this controversy and feel strongly about keeping the bathrooms segregated. One of the best arguments for this:WHAT S SO WRONG WITH TRANSGENDER BATHROOMS? This Guy Has The Awesome Answer!Read more: wnd",0
20791,TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY: Unequal Distribution of Sidewalks Keeps Poor From “Shot At The American Dream”,"Are we sure this guy is actually qualified for this job? Everything is racist and unfair to the Obama minions. It s just hard to take because it s just so idiotic. Have a listen and I know you ll be shaking your head like I was:Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx told a crowd in North Carolina Tuesday that  only 49% of low-income neighborhoods have sidewalks  while more affluent areas have near 90%. In order to have a society where  everyone has a shot at the American Dream, than it s imperative that we acknowledge these challenges. Foxx made the comments to the Charlotte Rotary Club where he discussed the ways that infrastructure should connect people to opportunity.During his speech, Foxx referenced a map of Atlanta that showed areas of pedestrian and bicycle accidents.  The grey areas represent communities of concentrated poverty. This is representative of what s occurring nationally, which is not surprising, because only 49% of low-income neighborhoods have sidewalks. In high-income areas the number is closer to 90%. So, if we want a society in which everyone has a shot at the American dream, than it is imperative that we acknowledge these challenges,  Foxx said. ",0
20792,VIGILANTE PIRATES INTERCEDE Where Government Fails: Prevent Refugees From Reaching Sweden’s Shores,"Like the Soldiers of Oden vigilante group we reported about in February, the National Framed vigilante group is tired of waiting for an inept government to protect its citizens from dangerous criminals arriving by boat from nations who have no intention of assimilating in their country. They ve decided instead, to take matters into their own hands A far right group of vigilante pirate migrant hunters are patrolling Sweden s southern coast by speedboat in a bid to tackle illegal immigration.Nationell Framtid s boats monitor the strait of  resund, a 5km stretch of water between Denmark and Sweden for illegal migrants   who they say are entering Sweden with the help of organised criminal gangs and left wing Danish  do-gooders who think they are helping .Their pseudo-paramilitary get up   all in black punctuated with a bright red tie and insignia badge on their chest paired with black balaclavas and doc martins   are a sinister sight on the misty water.Dennis Ljung, 31, leads the patrol   his far right group the Nationell Framtid   translated as National Future   emerged in April last year during the migrant crisis. We need to take our country back. Our aim is to cleanse our nation free of all immigrants. What we do out on the ocean is just a small step to stop more the mass immigration we have faced for decades,  he told MailOnline.While he is heavily in debt and unemployed, Dennis is one of the few members of the group without a criminal record according to local media reports. At least 11 members have reportedly been convicted for weapons offences and several violent crimes. He dismisses allegations the organisation has neo-Nazi sympathies despite also admitting that  of course  they are in touch with the Soldiers of Odin   a gang of violent white supremacist vigilantes patrolling Finland s streets to  prevent migrant sex attacks . We are a broader organisation than them. We have a written manifesto that outlines our political views, and a code of conduct for how members of Nationell Framtid are supposed to behave   we are not supposed to use violence unless it is necessary for example,  said Dennis. I will never say that we are an organisation of Nazis. Of course we have members who have been involved in that movement, but we are strong nationalists. That is it. Far right vigilante anti-migrant groups across Europe have mushroomed since violence blamed on newcomers rocked the continent.While authorities say they received a record 163,000 applications for asylum in 2015 and are expecting a further 100,000 this year, nearly half may be rejected.Members of Nationell Framtid have been drawn to the group for different reasons, but one thing is clear   they feel the government is not doing enough to prevent illegal immigration to Sweden.Two small speedboats patrol the strait, three men per boat who work 5 or 6 days each week.To help them track down their target  suspicious boats , they re armed with radar, radios, binoculars and  intel  from supporters in Denmark who tip them off to when are where smugglers cross. Once their target is acquired, the team spring into action.Charging through the waters at full speed, shouting warnings through a megaphone the men tell the captain to stop and that they have called the police then shadow them until they leave the Swedish coastline and return to Denmark.If they refuse, the men manoeuvre their small speedboat in front of the boat to stop them from progressing and scream:  We won t leave until you turn around . All boats that we challenge have turned around and gone back to Denmark,  Dennis told MailOnline. In most cases we haven t actually seen any immigrants, we just know that they are inside the boats. At first, their aggressive tactics and menacing attire caused a problem, Dennis admitted to MailOnline during a three-hour interview on their boat in the middle of the strait. As three men in balaclavas and black uniforms we can easily be seen as some kind of modern age pirates. If they have not heard about us they probably see us as dangerous maniacs, but people are used to us and seem to accept what we are doing. Some even praise us since the coast guard is not doing its job,  he said. Via: Daily Mail ",0
20793,FLORIDA COUPLE SPOTS MAN With “Death to America” Sign Then Take Matters Into Their Own Hands [Video],"This is yet another example of just how crazy it has become under Obama s divisive administration. It seems like every day is a protest. Patriotism needs to make a comeback with the next president After a couple spotted a man holding a sign that read  Death to America  on a curb in Middleburg, Florida, they decided to take matters into their own hands by physically beating up the man and snatching the sign away from him in a Tuesday encounter that was caught on camera.The man and woman were driving past the curb in a gray Nissan when they saw Charles Brownett standing there with his sign, which read  Death to America  according to WJAX-TV. The woman in the car allegedly shouted at Brownett,  Why don t you leave America?  to which he responded,  Give me some money,  the Clay County Sheriff s Office report stated. ",0
20794,LIST OF U.S. STATES With Most Illegal Aliens,"Wow these are some pretty eye-opening statistics Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has made illegal immigration a cornerstone of his campaign, proposing a simple solution for the nation s immigration woes: build a wall and make Mexico pay for it. Texas Sen. Ted Cruz said, if elected president, he would seek out and deport anyone in the country illegally. In contrast, Democratic candidate and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton proposes  a path to full and equal citizenship.  The varied policy proposals by presidential candidates reflect the schism of opinion among Americans on immigration issues.In order to better comprehend this issue, InsideGov synthesized the most recent estimates and broke down the undocumented immigrant population groups by country of birth. This information comes from the Migration Policy Institute s  Unauthorized Immigrant Population Profiles,  which was published in 2013 and contains the most recent data estimates. We then ranked the 25 U.S. states with the largest populations of people living there illegally, and ordered the states from smallest to largest undocumented populations.See the 25 States with Most Undocumented ImmigrantsNote: Data is not provided by the source for Montana, North Dakota or Vermont.Oklahoma #25 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 80,000In 2007, Oklahoma passed a state bill, HB 1804, that made it illegal to house or transport immigrants lacking legal status, allowed law enforcement to verify the citizenship status of anyone arrested and made it more difficult for undocumented immigrants to receive government IDs or assistance.Minnesota #24 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 81,000Jose Antonio Vargas, an immigration activist who publicly revealed his illegal status in 2011, was arrested in 2012 in Minnesota for driving without a valid license. He was interviewed by Immigration and Customs Enforcement but neither detained nor deported.Ohio #23 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 83,000A sheriff in Ohio made national headlines when he sent a controversial open letter to Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto asking for $900,000. The sheriff calculated that was the total cost for jailing Mexican immigrants who were in the U.S. illegally and committed crimes in his community. He wrote:  I think it only fair that you provide me with some financial support for dealing with your criminals.  There was no response from Nieto.Indiana #22 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 93,000Michigan #21 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 97,000Although Republican Gov. Rick Snyder has been a vocal advocate for immigration reform, he was the first governor to pause the resettlement of Syrian refugees in light of the November Paris attacks.South Carolina #20 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 99,000South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham, a former member of the Gang of Eight, has advocated for comprehensive immigration reform. This failed 2016 GOP presidential candidate declared that policies in Republican frontrunner Donald Trump s immigration plan are  not practical  and  self-deportation on steroids. Connecticut #19 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 108,000In 2015, Connecticut state lawmakers expanded in-state tuition and financial aid to undocumented immigrants. Republican Senate Minority Leader Len Fasano said of the reforms:  What are we going to do as a nation? What are we going to do as a state? Are we going to leave you behind. What this says is we re going to give you that chance. Why not let that happen. We ll be a more productive state for it. In light of where we are and how we got here, we are here. Oregon #18 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 115,000Cylvia Hayes, the fiancee of former Democrat Gov. John Kitzhaber, once married an Ethiopian migrant so he could receive a green card. She explained during a press conference:  I was struggling to put myself through college and was offered money in exchange for marrying a young person who had a chance to get a college degree himself if he were able to remain in the United States.  Kitzhaber was re-elected for a fourth term despite the controversy stemming from this revelation.Tennessee #17 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 119,000A woman living in Tennessee received $200,000 in damages due to her mistreatment at a detention center following an arrest for driving without a legal license. She went into labor during her detainment and said she was shackled throughout this experience.Pennsylvania #16 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 136,000In 2007, a federal judge ruled unconstitutional an ordinance in Hazleton, Pennsylvania, that prevented undocumented immigrants from securing housing because it denied them basic civil rights, legal citizens or not. The judge wrote:  Hazleton, in its zeal to control the presence of a group deemed undesirable, violated the rights of such people as well as others within the community. Nevada #15 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 138,000Although Nevada ranks at 15th for its overall population of people living in the state illegally, a 2012 study by the Pew Research Center found that this group comprises the highest proportion of the state s population compared to the rest of the U.S.Colorado #14 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 164,000Illegal Pete s, a Colorado-based Mexican restaurant, received criticism from local community members for its name. They said the use of  illegal  implies a negative context regarding citizenship and racial discrimination. The name has not been changed.Massachusetts #13 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 185,000In Revere, Massachusetts, a high school cheerleading captain faced criticism for a tweet that commented on immigration. Her tweet, supposedly inspired by 2016 presidential candidate Donald Trump, stated:  When only 10 percent of Revere votes for mayor cause the other 90 percent isn t legal.  School officials started a  cultural sensitivity program  as a result of this tweet.Washington #12 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 204,000After the Vietnam War, the governor of Washington welcomed about 30,000 Vietnamese refugees who were denied entry by then-California Gov. Jerry Brown. Chandler Felt, a King County demographer, said:  So that kind of established a beachhead of recognition that King County was a welcoming place for refugees and immigrants. It really started to increase the rate of immigration. Since then we ve been getting refugees and immigrants from all different parts of the world. Maryland #11 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 233,000A Maryland second-grader made national headlines in 2010 when she posed a question about immigration to first lady Michelle Obama. The young girl asked:  My mom   she says that Barack Obama is taking everybody away that doesn t have papers.   But my mom doesn t have any papers. Virginia #10 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 247,000A Virginia immigration law passed in 2007 by Prince William County required police to investigate the citizenship status of suspects under arrest. This ordinance is still in effect.Arizona #9 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 264,000The passing of Senate Bill 1070 reflected the severity of immigration issues in Arizona. This controversial law allows police to pull over motorists on the assumption they may be in the country illegally. Most of the law s provisions were overturned in the Supreme Court decision Arizona v. United States.North Carolina #8 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 342,000Georgia #7 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 393,000New Jersey #6 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 509,000New Jersey s Ellis Island, a historic gateway to the United States for immigrants, processed over 12 million arrivals during its 62 years of operation.Illinois #5 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 519,000Illinois passed legislation in 2014 that allows residents to receive kidney transplants, regardless of their legal status. The program could be financially beneficial by offsetting the cost of emergency dialysis services, which are part of a state-funded program.Florida #4 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 605,000Florida holds a significant population of Cuban immigrants. Many make the dangerous journey across the Florida Strait from Cuba on rafts in an attempt to secure citizenship. The United States has a special immigration policy for Cubans, informally referred to as the  wet-foot, dry-foot  policy, where those who successfully make the journey to U.S. soil can apply for legal status after one year.New York #3 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 867,000 Many immigrants without proper documentation in New York claim Asia as their area of birth. They represent 10 percent of the total undocumented population in the United States.Texas #2 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 1,464,000A case against Texas, stemming from the refusal to issue birth certificates for U.S.-born children, made its way to federal courts in 2015. Texas officials required specific forms of ID from the mother before issuing her child s certificate, which immigrants without documentation could not produce.California #1 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 3,034,000California has the largest population of immigrants without proper documentation. The state provides a variety of benefits and protections to these populations. The City of Huntington Park attracted controversy when it was revealed that two members of city commissions were undocumented immigrants from Mexico.Via: InsideGov.com",0
20795,HOT TOPIC: When Exactly Does A ‘Bundle Of Cells’ Become A Human Being? [Video],"Ben Shapiro debates two students on when a baby becomes a human being. A hot topic that stumps pro-choice people but not pro-lifers: I believe, as do most people who feel this way about abortion, that life begins at conception. When sperm meets egg, and the child is conceived, that s when life begins; that is what I believe in.    Ben Shapiro It s my body. How about you stay out of it?  the student replied. I don t care about your appendix,  Shapiro quipped, referencing the student s earlier argument.  I don t even care about your uterus. I care about what s in it. And I can take out my appendix if I don t want it. So why can t I take out other parts of my body?  the student asked. Because they are not independent living human beings,  Shapiro fired back.The student continued to engage in a debate, arguing the fetus is merely a  bundle of cells. At what point does that bundle of cells become a human being in your judgement?  Shapiro asked her. Um ,  the student said.Another student chimed in. The concept of body autonomy means that I don t have to give up any part of my body unless I say so,  she said. The baby is not part of your body,  Shapiro quipped.In general, the fear of calling a baby a  baby  within progressive circles is an entertaining spectacle, given the amount of intellectual gymnastics that are involved, which almost always ends with some disingenuous conclusion that a woman s life holds more value than that of her child barring any life threatening conditions, or the pro-abortion supporter storming out because folks, like Shapiro, totally own them on the issue. In other words, they feel triggered, so off to the safe space, where like-minded people can sulk and discuss how the patriarchy sucks, or something.Yet, one thing is clear in this exchange, which is that Shapiro is open to debate, and he wants to discuss these issues in which conservatives find themselves in the crosshairs of political correctness in campuses across the country. After going back and forth about the science relating to pregnancy, it becomes clear that the pro-choice wing of the attendees in the room are exasperated to the point where they accuse Shapiro of trying to shut them down; Shapiro aptly noted that he allowed them to speak for almost ten minutes on the subject. Another student asked Shapiro what criteria does he have regarding what defines a life, but then made an aberrant pivot by asking him of he considers semen to be a  life,  insinuating that Shapiro masturbates a lot because he s a human being (no, I m not making that part up). Well put, sir,  said Shapiro, which drew laughter from the audience.  I believe, as do most people who feel this way about abortion, that life begins at conception. When sperm meets egg, and the child is conceived, that s when life begins; that is what I believe in. The rest of the question was weird,  he added.Indeed, sir.Via: Hot Air",0
20796,"MEDIA OBSESSES OVER Ted Cruz’s Alleged Infidelities, While Ignoring HILLARY’S LESBIAN AFFAIRS Revealed By Same Publication","Why is there so much secrecy when it comes to the mainstream media and the alleged lesbian relationship between Hillary and her aide of 20 years, Huma Abedin? ABC News admits that the allegations against Ted Cruz have not been confirmed by them. But what the hell, why not do a story on it anyhow and see if they can make the sleazy image of a cheating Ted Cruz stick ABC News   At a news conference while campaigning in Wisconsin today, Ted Cruz denied a recently released National Enquirer report that claims  political operatives  are looking into rumors that Cruz had multiple marital infidelities.Cruz blamed the report on Donald Trump and his  henchmen  and gave Trump a new nickname of  Sleazy Donald. Let me be clear this National Enquirer story is garbage,  Cruz said today.  It is complete and utter lies. It is a tabloid smear and it is a smear that has come from Donald Trump and his henchmen. Cruz has been in a war of words with Trump over tweets Trump had been sending. Trump tweeted Tuesday he would  spill the beans  about Cruz s wife without providing further information and retweeted Wednesday a split photo of Heidi and his wife Melania Trump, with the text:  No need to  spill the beans.  The images are worth a thousand words. The National Enquirer allegations have not been confirmed by ABC News.Meanwhile, we can t find any reports from the same outlets who eagerly reported on Ted Cruz s alleged affairs that also picked up the National Enquirer story about the lesbian affair between Hillary Clinton and her aide of 20 years, Huma Abedin:Hillary Clinton isn t just caught in a political scandal over her missing emails from her stint as secretary of state   she s also terrified of personal revelations about a secret lesbian lifestyle!Now a world-exclusive investigation by The National ENQUIRER reveals that some of the presidential candidate s famously  deleted  emails are packed full of lesbian references and her lovers  names. I don t think she s so concerned about emails referring to her as secretly gay,  said a Clinton insider.  That s been out for years   her real fear is that the names of some of her lovers would be made public! The ENQUIRER learned the list of Hillary s lesbian lovers includes a beauty in her early 30s who has often traveled with Hillary; a popular TV and movie star; the daughter of a top government official; and a stunning model who got a career boost after allegedly sleeping with Hillary. Hillary made the huge mistake of mixing public and private messages while using her personalized email server   before risking a massive scandal by refusing to make the documents public. That s clearly why she went to the extraordinary step of deleting everything,  the high-ranking source told The ENQUIRER.[quote_box_center]Ronald Kessler, who wrote  The First Family Detail: Secret Service Agents Reveal the Hidden Lives of the Presidents,  writes in The Daily Mail that Abedin was at times dismissive of reasonable orders from agents and at other times treated them like her personal servants.While agents are not supposed to carry luggage, they will do so as a courtesy if they like a female protectee, such as Lynne Cheney or Rosalynn Carter.But with Abedin,  the agents were just like,  Hey, you re going to be like that? Well, you get your own luggage to the car. Oh, and by the way, you can carry the first lady s luggage to the car, too. She d have four bags, and we d stand there and watch her and say,  Oh, can we hold the door open for you?  . . .. . . There s not an agent in the service who wants to be in Hillary s detail,  a current agent says.  If agents get the nod to go to her detail, that s considered a form of punishment among the agents. She s hard to work around, she s known to snap at agents and yell at agents and dress them down to their faces, and they just have to be humble and say,  Yes ma am,  and walk away. [/quote_box_center]Hillary is particularly concerned about intimate emails to longtime aide Huma Abedin   who married U.S. Representative Anthony Weiner in a ceremony that many ridiculed as a political arrangement. Anthony later resigned over extramarital sexting scandals, after porn star Sydney Leathers said that she believed he was in an open marriage. I think a lot of the time when we were speaking, Huma was probably with Hillary,  she charged, at the time.One exchange between the women had Hillary mistakenly responding to political correspondence with an email that seemed to be about decorating.Added the insider:  That makes you wonder if any sensitive information was sent to her romantic partners! The scandal unraveled in March, when Hillary revealed she deleted over 30,000 emails, insisting the messages were just  things you typically find in inboxes.  Via: National Enquirer",0
20797,"BLACK FELON Brutally Beats Girlfriend, Grabs Cop’s Gun, Sticks Gun In Cop’s Back…Cop’s Partner SHOOTS, KILLS Felon…Cop Exonerated…Black Lives Matter Terrorists Erupt In MN…Burn U.S. Flag","Another case of the White man and an oppressive America holding down a black man with so much potential and promise   Angry Black Lives Matter protesters in Minneapolis chanted  I am a revolutionary!  and set fire to the American flag after a Hennepin County attorney announced there will be no charges against police officers involved in the shooting death of convicted felon Jamar Clark.Crazed speaker at last night's #JamarClark rally completely loses his mind & screams at cameras. #BlackLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/o6rpNMHHPL  Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) March 31, 2016Minneapolis protestors chanting ""Shut It Down"" to show support for woman-beating criminal #JamarClark pic.twitter.com/4p6lJe7utd  Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) March 30, 2016As Breitbart News reported yesterday, an investigation found the shooting was justified. At a press conference early Wednesday morning, Attorney Mike Freeman contested one of the chief claims of the protesters; that Clark was handcuffed when shot. Freeman said  Forensic evidence and video evidence both support the belief that Clark was not handcuffed at any time through the altercation. Coddled: the #JamarClark protestors are being allowed march on a main roadway. pic.twitter.com/8kmGhHTMRo  Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) March 30, 2016A report issued along with other pieces of evidence showed that Jamar Clark had impeded the work of EMTs who were trying to help the girlfriend that he had assaulted and left unable to walk and with a bruised face.Clark then began calling paramedic Thompson a  pussy  and  bitch  and told (his girlfriend) Hayes that he was going to come see her. The paramedics loaded Hayes into the ambulance and locked the doors. (EMTs) Thompson and Haskell were very afraid at this point.The report explains that Minneapolis police officers Ringgenberg and Schwarze arrived at the scene and were told the  person in the ambulance was assaulted by the person up on the curb (Jamar Clark) who was also interfering with the paramedics.  Clark refused to obey the officers and then according to the report:Ringgenberg said he tried to move away from Clark to get in position to handcuff him. Ringgenberg felt his gun go from his right hip to the small of his back and told Schwarze,  He s got my gun.  Ringgenberg said he reached back to the top of his gun and felt Clark s  whole  hand on the gun. Ringgenberg repeatedly told his partner Schwarze,  He s got my gun, he s got my gun.  Ringgenberg recalled hearing Schwarze tell Clark to let go of the gun or Schwarze would shoot. Ringgenberg heard Clark say,  I m ready to die.  Ringgenberg said,  That was the worst feeling ever because, it just, my heart just sank.  Ringgenberg believed he was going to die at that point because he had no control over his gun. Ringgenberg felt that Clark didn t care what happened to him and remembered thinking that he didn t want his partner to die with his gun. After Ringgenberg heard the round go off he remembered being able to roll away.None of this evidence satisfied the hundreds of protesters who came out later that night for two rallies and marches that eventually converge in downtown Minneapolis.Mob at last night's #JamarClark rally raise fists, chant Black Panther Fred Hampton's ""I am a revolutionary "" pic.twitter.com/CsfKfbscfd  Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) March 31, 2016After the groups merged, a number of speakers addressed the crowd, agitating them with anticapitalist, anti-American and anti white rhetoric. A number of the speakers made reference to the violent communist group the Black Panthers, who responsible for a number of deaths in the 1960s and 70s, including numerous shootings of police officers. The Minneapolis speakers also praised communist Angela Davis and  queen of the Black Liberation Army  Assata Shakur.Protestors burn US Flag in protest at #Justice4Jamar rally in Minneapolis. #JamarClark #BlackLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/XZbExY8R4s  #BlackAugust (@Delo_Taylor) March 31, 2016Protesters burn U.S. flag outside Minneapolis 4th Precinct #JamarClark #BLMhttps://t.co/RD2xPNVK56  Ruptly (@Ruptly) March 31, 2016Via: Breitbart News",0
20798,FLASHBACK VIDEO: Al Sharpton Assaults FOX News Reporter For Asking Baltimore Mayor Why She Allowed Thugs Loot And Burn Down Businesses,"When did Americans decide they were okay with Democrats exempting themselves from the same laws everyone else is required to follow? Fox News reporter Leland Vittert had a brief exchange with Al Sharpton and Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake.Vittert said he wanted Rawlings-Blake to answer a number of questions about the rioting over the past few days in the wake of Freddie Gray s death. He said he asked: What do you have to say to the number of officers injured, and what do you have to say to businesses that were looted during a reported  stand down  order? Why can t we ask questions?  Vittert asked.Rawlings-Blake remained silent while Sharpton said they d answer questions at the press conference.Vittert added that he asked officers who  shoved [him] out of the way  why they were protecting the mayor from simple questions, yet decided not to protect businesses from rioters. Via: FOX News",0
20799,OBAMA COMMUTES 61 PRISONERS’ Sentences…Here’s the List Of Mostly Drug Dealers,"Fundamental transformation Obama style Henry Claude Agnew   Miami, FL Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute 50 grams or more of cocaine base; Southern District of Florida Sentence: 262 months  imprisonment; five years  supervised release (November 24, 2003) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.David Lang Akana   Pahala, HI Offense: Conspiracy to distribute and to possess with intent to distribute methamphetamine and cocaine; attempt to possess with intent to distribute methamphetamine; attempt to possess with intent to distribute cocaine; possession with intent to distribute methamphetamine; District of Hawaii Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (February 15, 2006) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Robert Anthony Anderson   Louisville, KY Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine; attempt to possess with intent to distribute cocaine, aiding and abetting; Western District of Kentucky Sentence: Life imprisonment (August 8, 1994) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on March 30, 2017.Marvin Bailey   Hollywood, FL Offense: Conspiracy to distribute and possess with intent to distribute cocaine and cocaine base; aiding the travel in interstate commerce to promote the distribution of cocaine; possession with intent to distribute cocaine; Southern District of West Virginia Sentence: Life imprisonment; $25,000 fine (June 19, 1997) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on March 30, 2017, and unpaid balance of the $25,000 fine remitted.Bernard Beard   Compton, CA Offense: Conspiracy to distribute cocaine, cocaine base, heroin, and phencyclidine (PCP); felon in possession of a firearm and ammunition; Central District of California Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; five years  supervised release (May 22, 2009) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Reginald Wendell Boyd, Jr.   Greensboro, NC Offense: Conspiracy to distribute cocaine hydrochloride; carry a firearm during and in relation to a drug trafficking crime; Middle District of North Carolina Sentence: 180 months  imprisonment; eight years  supervised release (October 31, 2005) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Carmel Bretous   Miami, FL Offense: Conspiracy to import at least five kilograms of cocaine; importation of five kilograms of cocaine; conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute five kilograms of cocaine; possession with intent to distribute five kilograms of cocaine; Southern District of Florida Sentence: 235 months  imprisonment; five years  supervised release (November 6, 2001) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Terry Brown   St. Louis, MO Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine and phencyclidine (PCP); Eastern District of Missouri Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (July 7, 2005) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Willie Chevell Cameron   Panama City Beach, FL Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute marijuana, a mixture and substance containing cocaine, more than 50 grams of methamphetamine (actual) and more than 50 grams of a mixture and substance containing methamphetamine; Northern District of Florida Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (June 14, 2006) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Nathan Carter   Memphis, TN Offense: 1. Possession of 121 grams cocaine with intent to distribute; possession of 65.8 grams cocaine base with intent to distribute; Western District of Tennessee 2. Supervised release violation (attempted possession with intent to distribute cocaine); Western District of Tennessee Sentence: 1. Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (April 30, 1999) 2. 30 months  imprisonment; 18 months  supervised release; $10,000 fine (May 5, 1999) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence for both offenses commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Lewis Clay   College Park, GA Offense: Possession with intent to distribute and the distribution of at least 50 grams of crack cocaine; possession of cocaine; Northern District of Georgia Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (May 1, 2003) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Manuel Colon   Springfield, MA Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine, cocaine base, and heroin; possession with intent to distribute cocaine; District of Massachusetts Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (January 25, 2007) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Alvin Cordell   Cincinnati, OH Offense: Conspiracy to distribute cocaine and marijuana; attempt to possess with intent to distribute cocaine base (crack); Southern District of Ohio Sentence: Life imprisonment; $50,000 fine (May 5, 1997) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on March 30, 2017, and unpaid balance of the $50,000 fine remittedKevin County   New Orleans, LA Offense: 1. Distributing more than 100 grams of heroin; distributing less than 100 grams of heroin (two counts); Eastern District of Louisiana 2. Conspiracy to distribute cocaine base and cocaine hydrochloride, distribution of cocaine base, distribution of cocaine hydrochloride, use of a communication facility in furtherance of a drug crime; Eastern District of Louisiana Sentence: 1. 151 months  imprisonment; six years  supervised release (December 18, 2002) 2. 240 months  imprisonment (concurrent); 10 years  supervised release (March 26, 2003) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Nabar Moneek Criam   Brooklyn, NY Offense: Possessed with intent to distribute crack; possessed firearms during trafficking crime; Middle District of North Carolina Sentence: 180 months  imprisonment; five years  supervised release (March 30, 2007) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Amos Embress Cyrus   Hemingway, SC Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute and distribution of cocaine base; supervised release violation (Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute and possession with intent to distribute cocaine); District of South Carolina Sentence: 300 months  imprisonment; five years  supervised release (June 21, 1996) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Roy Lee Debose   Shreveport, LA Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute 500 grams or more of cocaine hydrochloride; conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute 50 grams or more of cocaine base; Western District of Louisiana Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (September 18, 2000) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Dexter Lanoyd Dickens   Panama City, FL Offense: Conspiracy to distribute and possess with intent to distribute five kilograms or more of a mixture or substance containing cocaine; distribution of a mixture or substance containing cocaine within 1,000 feet of a school (four counts); principal to distribution and possession with intent to distribute a mixture or substance containing cocaine; distribution and possession with intent to distribute a mixture or substance containing cocaine; possession with intent to distribute 500 grams or more of a mixture or substance containing cocaine; Northern District of Florida Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (December 17, 2004) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Andre Ester   Houston, TX Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine base; aiding and abetting the possession with intent to distribute cocaine base; Southern District of Texas Sentence: 300 months  imprisonment; five years  supervised release (October 25, 2002) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Christopher Tim Florence   Chapel Hill, NC Offense: Possessed with intent to distribute cocaine base (crack); Middle District of North Carolina Sentence: 268 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (August 9, 2005) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Ian Kavanaugh Gavin   Eight Mile, AL Offense: Possession with intent to distribute crack cocaine; using/carrying a firearm in furtherance of a drug trafficking offense; Southern District of Alabama Sentence: 180 months  imprisonment; eight years  supervised release (March 8, 2007) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016, and supervised release term commuted to four years of supervised release.Isadore Gennings   Cincinnati, OH Offense: Conspiracy to distribute cocaine; interstate travel in aid of racketeering enterprises; possession with intent to distribute in excess of five kilograms of cocaine; Southern District of Ohio Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (March 14, 2002) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016, and supervised release term commuted to five years of supervised release.Lamont Durville Glass   Knoxville, TN Offense: Possession with intent to distribute cocaine base; felon in possession of a firearm; Eastern District of Tennessee Sentence: 262 months  imprisonment; eight years  supervised release (January 9, 1998) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Vander Keith Gore   Little River, SC Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute and to distribute 50 grams or more of cocaine base, five kilograms or more of cocaine, 50 kilograms or more of marijuana, and less than 100 grams of heroin; District of South Carolina Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (October 30, 2002) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.George Michael Gray   Springfield, OR Offense: Conspiracy to manufacture, possess with intent to distribute methamphetamine; manufacture of methamphetamine; possession with intent to distribute methamphetamine; possession of firearm in connection with drug trafficking offense; District of Oregon Sentence: Life imprisonment; five years  supervised release (July 3, 1995) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Curtis Greer   Rosenberg, TX Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute 50 grams or more of a mixture and substance containing a detectable amount of cocaine base; possession with intent to distribute five grams or more of a mixture and substance containing a detectable amount of cocaine base (two counts); Southern District of Texas Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release; $5,000 fine (August 21, 2003) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016, and unpaid balance of the $5,000 fine remitted.Jerome Harris, Jr.   Mobile, AL Offense: Possession with intent to distribute crack cocaine; possession with intent to distribute cocaine; use/carry/possess a firearm in furtherance of a drug trafficking crime; Southern District of Alabama Sentence: 300 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (November 7, 2006) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Vernon Harris   Philadelphia, PA Offense: Possession with intent to distribute; possession of firearm by convicted felon; Eastern District of Pennsylvania Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (October 25, 1996) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Kenneth G. Harvey   Los Angeles, CA Offense: Possession with intent to distribute 50 grams or more of cocaine base; Western District of Missouri Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release; $10,000 fine (April 5, 1991) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Andrew Lee Holzendorf   South Bay, FL Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine base; Northern District of Florida Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (November 14, 1996) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Tommy Howard   Cincinnati, OH Offense: Use of a firearm during the commission of a drug trafficking offense; Southern District of Ohio Sentence: 292 months  imprisonment; five years  supervised release; $1,000 fine (January 8, 2004) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Kenneth Isaacs   Little Rock, AR Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute hydromorphone; Eastern District of Arkansas Sentence: 180 months  imprisonment; three years  supervised release (May 6, 2004) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Robert Lee Lane   Bradenton, FL Offense: Possession with intent to distribute 50 grams or more of cocaine base; Middle District of Florida Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (May 3, 1990) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Angela LaPlatney   Casper, WY Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute, and to distribute methamphetamine; concealing a person from arrest; District of Wyoming Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release; $1,000 fine (February 17, 2005) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Anthony Lee Lewis   Tampa, FL Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine and crack cocaine; distribution of crack cocaine; possession with intent to distribute crack cocaine; convicted felon in possession of a firearm; possession with intent to distribute cocaine; Middle District of Florida Sentence: Life imprisonment (September 16, 1994) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on March 30, 2017.Herbert Lewis, Jr.   Okmulgee, OK Offense: Possession with intent to distribute cocaine (two counts); Eastern District of Oklahoma Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release; $2,500 fine (March 7, 2003) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016, and unpaid balance of the $2,500 fine remitted.Byron Lamont McDade   Bowie, MD Offense: Conspiracy to distribute five kilograms or more of cocaine, aiding and abetting; District of Columbia Sentence: 324 months  imprisonment; five years  supervised release (May 29, 2002) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.John E. Milton, III   Baton Rouge, LA Offense: Conspiracy to possess with the intent to distribute and distribution of cocaine and cocaine base; Middle District of Louisiana Sentence: 600 months  imprisonment; five years  supervised release; $250,000 fine (April 3, 1997) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016, and unpaid balance of the $250,000 fine remitted.Gregory Morgan   Jonesboro, GA Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine base; Northern District of Georgia Sentence: 225 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (March 11, 2003) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Michael W. Morris   Fort Worth , TX Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute  crack  cocaine base; Southern District of Indiana Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (December 24, 2003) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016, and supervised release term commuted to five years of supervised release.Larry Nokes   Quincy, IL Offense: Conspiracy to distribute controlled substances; possession of a controlled substance; Central District of Illinois Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (December 10, 2007) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Wayne Parker   Miami, FL Offense: Conspiracy to distribute cocaine and cocaine base; Northern District of Florida Sentence: 420 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release; $1,500 fine (November 23, 1999); amended to 360 months  imprisonment; six years  supervised release; $1,500 fine (March 8, 2001) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Exdonovan Peak   Brooklyn, NY Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine; Southern District of Mississippi Sentence: 365 months  imprisonment; five years  supervised release; $12,000 fine (February 13, 1997) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016, and unpaid balance of the $12,000 fine remitted.Carol Denise Richardson   Texas City, TX Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute 50 grams or more of cocaine base; possession with intent to distribute five grams or more of cocaine base (incorrectly described in the judgment as cocaine); possession with intent to distribute five grams or more of cocaine base; Southern District of Texas Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (June 16, 2006) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Jose Ramon Rivera   Chicago, IL Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute heroin; distribution of heroin (two counts); Northern District of Illinois Sentence: 360 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (November 10, 1993) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Ismael Rosa   Chicago, IL Offense: Conspiracy to distribute multiple kilograms of cocaine (four counts); use of communication facility in commission of drug offense (two counts); Northern District of Illinois Sentence: Life imprisonment (August 8, 1995) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on March 30, 2017.Melissa Ross   Daytona Beach, FL Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute and to distribute five kilograms or more of cocaine hydrochloride and 50 grams or more of cocaine base; Middle District of Florida Sentence: 292 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release; $4,000 fine (June 11, 2002); amended to 240 months  imprisonment (January 17, 2009) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016, and unpaid balance of the $4,000 fine remitted.Jeffrey Sapp   Ft. Lauderdale, FL Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute crack cocaine; possess with intent to distribute crack cocaine; Southern District of Florida Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (January 24, 2003) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Robin Evette Shoulders   Louisville, KY Offense: Possess with intent to distribute 50 grams or more of cocaine base; possess with intent to distribute 500 grams or more of cocaine; Western District of Kentucky Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (December 16, 2002) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on September 26, 2016.Eric Smith   Memphis, TN Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine base; unlawfully maintaining a residence for the purpose of distributing and using cocaine base; Western District of Tennessee Sentence: 360 months  imprisonment; five years  supervised release (April 24, 1995) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Ernest Spiller   East St. Louis, IL Offense: Distribution of crack cocaine (two counts); maintaining a crack house; possession of a firearm in further of a drug trafficking crime; felon in possession of a firearm; Southern District of Illinois Sentence: 352 months  imprisonment; three years  supervised release; $1,000 fine (August 3, 2000) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Tairone Traniel Stanford   Buna, TX Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute a Schedule II controlled substance   cocaine base; possession with intent to distribute a Schedule II controlled substance   cocaine base; Eastern District of Texas Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (April 22, 1999) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Alohondra Rey Staton   Greenville, NC Offense: Possession with the intent to distribute cocaine base (crack); Eastern District of North Carolina Sentence: 360 months  imprisonment; five years  supervised release (August 21, 2001) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Corey R. Thomas   St. Louis, MO Offense: Possession with the intent to distribute more than 50 grams of cocaine base ( crack ); Eastern District of Missouri Sentence: Life imprisonment; five years  supervised release (June 9, 2004) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Damion L. Tripp   Poplar Bluff, MO Offense: Possession with intent to distribute a substance containing 50 grams or more of cocaine base; possession with intent to distribute a substance containing a detectable amount of marijuana; Eastern District of Missouri Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (April 28, 2008) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Dwayne Twane Walker   Charlottesville, VA Offense: Conspiracy to distribute cocaine base; Western District of Virginia Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release; $500 fine (May 27, 1997) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Jesse Webster   Chicago, IL Offense: Conspiracy; attempting to possess with intent to distribute cocaine (incorrectly listed on the judgment as conspiracy); filing false income tax return (two counts); Northern District of Illinois Sentence: Life imprisonment; five years  supervised release; $25,000 fine (March 21, 1996) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on September 26, 2016, and balance of the $25,000 fine remitted.Shermaine Donnell Whitley   Charleston, SC Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute and distribution of cocaine and cocaine base ( crack ); District of South Carolina Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (May 1, 2003) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Sammy Lee Woods   Aurora, CO Offense: Conspiracy to distribute and possess with intent to distribute 50 or more grams of cocaine base, aiding and abetting; use of a communications facility to possess with intent to distribute cocaine base, aiding and abetting; possession with intent to distribute 1.062 grams of cocaine base, aiding and abetting; District of Colorado Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (April 21, 2004) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Christopher Michael Wright   Elmira, OR Offense: Conspiracy to manufacture and distribute 500 grams or more of methamphetamine; District of Oregon Sentence: 216 months  imprisonment; five years  supervised release; $5,000 restitution (May 31, 2006) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016.Michael A. Yandal   Murray, KY Offense: Possession with the intent to distribute approximately 50 grams or more of a mixture or substance containing cocaine base; possession with the intent to distribute marijuana; possession of a firearm in the furtherance of a drug trafficking crime; Western District of Kentucky Sentence: 195 months  imprisonment; five years  supervised release (April 24, 2007); amended to 180 months  imprisonment (December 11, 2007) Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2016. Via: Weasel Zippers ",0
20800,"FBI INVESTIGATION Into HILLARY’S Email Server Entering “Very, very dangerous phase” [VIDEO]","Perhaps the pundits should start changing course and measuring Trump s chances of defeating Bernie Sanders in the general The investigation into Hillary Clinton s private email server is entering a  very, very dangerous phase  for the Democratic presidential front-runner, Judge Andrew Napolitano said on  Varney & Co  today.As federal prosecutors prepare to interview several of Clinton s closest aides, it s a sign that they re finished gathering and corroborating evidence, Judge Napolitano explained.He said that most criminal defense attorneys will not let their clients be interviewed by the FBI and federal prosecutors, because the government is not obligated to reveal what evidence they have. Via: FOX News",0
20801,UNREAL! GROUP OF SIX-YEAR OLD THUG KIDS Curse And Attack Subway Riders [Video],"This video is so disturbing but is a great example of ZERO PARENTING! The kids were riding the subway attacking different passengers. Patrick Coyle started recording after the kids slapped a lady. They then turned on him: (function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Please show this to the right personPosted by Patrick Coyle on Thursday, 24 March 2016",0
20802,WATCH: FEMALE UNIVERSITY Employee Assaults White Male Student For Wearing Hairstyle Belonging To Black Culture,"If a black student was assaulted by a white university employee for wearing a  white hairstyle,  would this be one of the only sources where you could find the story?A video has surfaced online alleging a San Francisco State University employee assaulted a white student for  cultural appropriation . The woman has been identified online as Bonita Tindle. According to LinkedIn Tindle has held multiple jobs at SFSU since September 2015.In the video Bonita Tindle claims the white student should not wear his hair in dreadlocks because of his white culture. Bonita Tindle s friend Davia Spain is a witness to the assault. We would also like to mention that according to wikipedia dreadlocks originated from ancient Greece.The victim has reportedly filed a police report. If you have additional information to add please leave a comment below.Via: Conservative Outfitters",0
20803,NEW HANDGUN DESIGN Folds Up Like Smartphone…But Is This Really A Good Idea?,"Tell us your thoughts about this new gun design in the comment section below. Is this compact, folding gun a great idea or will it make going through security a nightmare? While gun control remains one of the biggest debates in the country, one man wants to make concealing guns easier. He created a pistol that folds into what looks like a smartphone   easy to carry and hard to detect.CNN Money spoke with the creator of the Ideal Conceal Pistol, Kirk Kjellberg of Minnesota, who said he got the inspiration for the handgun after a little kid saw his concealed pistol in a restaurant and told his mom, bringing unwanted attention to the fact that he was packing heat.The problem with his product is it may stoke fears rather than quell them.The pistol itself is a double-barreled .380-caliber derringer that only holds two bullets and can only be fired when it is folded out. It isn t available for sale yet and the patent is still pending, but it looks like Ideal Conceal has the intention of producing it.Because the gun is disguised even when it isn t concealed, it may require a concealed carry permit even if you aren t hiding it depending on your state s laws. In New York, weapons that are disguised to look like something other than a firearm are illegal.While this may seem like a great idea for gun owners who don t want to alarm people with the presence of their firearm, what about the people who have bad intentions? The Ideal Conceal Pistol can easily be brought anywhere, making it past metal detectors and security pat downs under the guise of being a phone. If anything, the existence of this weapon could make security even more of a pain to get through   imagine if everybody s smartphones had to be inspected on top of everything else. Via: Mashable",0
20804,BIKERS FOR TRUMP Will Travel To Future Rallies To “Provide Outside Security” Against Paid Soros Thugs For Hillary And Bernie Sanders,"Americans had to know it would come to this. The anarchists, the whiny, petulant college students with nothing better to do and the angry BLM protesters are about to meet up with a group who doesn t care much about their feelings or about political correctness. A large percentage of bikers who belong to groups are veterans who have fought for our nation and are not about to step aside and allow a billionaire communist who supports a woman under investigation by the FBI and left four of their brothers to die in Benghazi, to take away the right of Americans to attend a political rally for a candidate they support.It s a military tradition of sorts, running back more than six decades.In the wake of World War II, as a generation of troops returned home from combat, veterans across the country found a certain pleasure and purpose through a newly evolved piece of gear they d become friendly with downrange: the motorcycle.New  motorcycle clubs  sprang up everywhere, filling the void of camaraderie and brotherhood   not to mention adrenaline and adventure   that many found themselves craving with the end of their military service.They called themselves  outlaws    not because they were criminals but because they refused to be boxed in by the rules and regulations of the fledgling American Motorcycle Association. Combat is where motorcycle outlaws come from,  says Don Charles Davis, who writes the Aging Rebel biker news blog from Los Angeles.  Clubs like the Boozefighters and the Outlaws were either invented or transformed by veterans on cheap Army surplus bikes. One club in particular drew its inspiration from the 3rd Pursuit Squadron of the Flying Tigers, the American volunteers who flew combat missions against the Japanese over China. The squadron was better known among the fliers as  Hells Angels. It was just the first of three waves of motorcycle club membership, Davis says. The second surge, of which the former II Corps artilleryman was a part, arose in the wake of Vietnam. Like many war fighters returning home to a largely hostile nation, he found his own family among bikers.That s when clubs such as the Mongols, the Devils Disciples   named after a George Bernard Shaw play about Revolutionary War patriot Ethan Allen, Davis says   and the Bandidos got their start, again largely fueled by returning veterans.And now a new generation of currently serving troops and veterans are pouring into the old clubs, and starting their own groups as well. Via: Military TimesMeanwhile, Donald Trump is ending his vacation with a rally in the Critical state of Wisconsin, tomorrow at 11AM. His event has already sold out, and a violent protest has been organized to cause mayhem and havoc as they did in Arizona and Illinois.[quote_box_center]From the TRUMP PATRIOTS Facebook page: Patriotic Bikers, from all across the United States are planning to show up at ALL future TRUMP rallies to make sure that any paid agitator protesters don t take away Mr. Trump s right to speak. Or interfere with the rights of Trump supporters to safely attend. WE SHALL NOT BE SILENCED!TO ALL THOSE PAID  PROTESTORS Planning on causing chaos, violence,anarchy and riots. Trump rallies are private paid events on private property and Trump is under Secret Service protection. If you want to peacefully assemble across the street from any of Trumps rallies to protest, that is your 1st amendment right. But to publicly plan, incite and organize your events as paid agitators disrupting others civil rights from attending any private event, will most likely end very bad for you, despite the medias attempt to be your cheerleaders.[/quote_box_center]JANESVILLE Nichole Mittness thought about 100 people would respond to a Facebook page inviting a protest of Donald Trump s Janesville appearance.As of midday Saturday, 1,200 had pledged to be there, and Mittness figured that meant 1,000 or so would show up on Tuesday. It s really overwhelming. I was not anticipating this kind of response,  Mittness said.While Mittness is working to have a peaceful protest that doesn t interfere with the Trump event, Janesville police are preparing for any possibility.Janesville Police Chief Dave Moore said Friday he didn t yet know how many officers would be assisgned, but his department reached out to police agencies in Rock County, including the sheriff s office, as well as the State Patrol, DNR and Dane County Sheriff s Office.The joint Beloit-Janesville-Rock County sheriff s  mobile field force,  which specializes in crowd control, will be there, Moore said.Moore noted the Janesville Conference Center holds 1,000 and said he expects  a substantial number of people  outside. Trump s event is scheduled for 3 p.m. The local protest is slated to begin at 11 a.m.Police respect the constitutional right to freedom of speech,  and to the degree possible, we intend to allow all citizens to voice their opinions, but we will require that it be done in a peaceful and safe manner,  Moore said.Inside the Janesville Conference Center a part of the Holiday Inn Express is a different story, Moore said.If the Holiday Inn, Trump s people or the U.S. Secret Service want disrupters removed,  It is private property, and that s their right,  Moore said. Via: Prntly",0
20805,"WHY Did Two Major Companies, Who Cash In On EASTER Candy Sales, Hiding “Easter” From Packaging?","Americans watch in horror, as ISIS systematically destroys any signs of Christianity in the Middle East. Meanwhile in America, the Left is doing the very same thing but in a much more inconspicuous way. They ve made every effort to remove Christianity from the public s view. They ve removed Christianity from school organizations, public places, and now, in the marketing of products specifically related to religious holidays for the Christian consumer Cadbury was inundated with furious comments from customers on Twitter, questioning why the Easter treats simply said  milk chocolate egg  with no mention of the Christian festival. One said:  Some of us want to know why Easter is hidden on the back now? Why change a good thing??  while another commented:  Disgusting you ve dropped the word  EASTER .Cadbury sent endless replies to irate shoppers denying claims that they have a policy to remove the Easter slogan on packaging.They wrote on their Twitter:  Easter s on the back of our packaging with the other product details.Both Cadbury and Nestle denied that they were getting rid of the word  Easter  from their products. The word  Easter  is not included on the front of the packaging for their Mini Eggs Giant Egg or their Dairy Milk Buttons Egg, but  Happy Easter  is branded on a special edition of the Dairy Milk chocolate bar. It s not on the front as the seasonal design shows what it is.  As a seasonal treat the eggs will always be linked with Easter.  However customers remained unconvinced, accusing the company of  hiding  any mention of Easter on the back.Both Cadbury and Nestle denied that they were getting rid of the word  Easter  from their products. Via: Daily Mail ",0
20806,FORD CEO Tells Trump They’ll Move Forward With Plans To Open $2.5 Billion Plant In Mexico…And Here’s Why [VIDEO],"Perhaps the focus should be on the EPA and other government agencies who create an extremely hostile environment for manufacturing goods in America Trump has repeatedly accused the company of outsourcing jobs to other countries and taking jobs away from American workers. CEO Mark Fields responded to Trump s criticism in a recent interview with CNN s Poppy Harlow. He said Ford is committed to adding jobs in the U.S.Last July, Trump blasted Ford for having manufacturing operations in Mexico.  What does that do? We don t get anything. Does Mexico come here and build factories here? We lose a fortune with every deal  that adds jobs overseas, Trump claimed.Fields defended Ford s track record on supporting American jobs.  We ve created 25,000 jobs [in the U.S.] since 2011, and going forward over the next four years we ve agreed to either retain or add another 8,500 jobs,  Fields said.  The amount of money that we invest in [research and development] here is more than companies like Apple. Ford invested nearly $7 billion in R&D in the U.S. in 2014 alone, Field said.The Republican presidential frontrunner s criticism of Ford largely centered around Ford s plans to invest $2.5 billion in its Mexican operations.Then in October, Trump took credit for Ford supposedly canceling those plans and opening a new factory in Ohio instead.In fact, Ford said it planned to go forward with its $2.5 billion expansion in Mexico. And its decision to move production of a line of trucks from Mexico to Ohio was made four years ago during union negotiations. Via: CNN Money",0
20807,FIDEL CASTRO MOCKS President Obama…Blasts Him For Meddling In Communist Country’s Affairs,"B..b b but what about the wave the baseball game, the posing in front of Che Guevara artwork? We were under the impression that our communist leader and Cuba s communist leader had an understanding, or at least a special bond between kindred spirits Fidel Castro   speaking out for the first time since President Obama s historic visit to Cuba   blasted the US leader for trying to meddle in his country s affairs.In a letter titled  Brother Obama  and published Monday in El Granma, the official state newspaper of the Cuban Communist Party, the island nation s former president scoffed,  We don t need the empire to give us any presents. Castro, 89, ripped Obama for assuming that Cuba trusted him when he said the US government is done trying to overthrow the Communist regime and that this will help the island move more quickly toward economic and political reform. My modest suggestion is that he reflects and doesn t try to develop theories about Cuban politics,  Castro said. No one should pretend that the people of this noble and selfless country will renounce its glory and its rights,  he wrote.  We are capable of producing the food and material wealth that we need with the work and intelligence of our people. He even took a swipe at Obama s relative youth. Native populations do not exist at all in the minds of Obama. Nor does he say that racial discrimination was swept away by the Revolution; that retirement and salary of all Cubans were enacted by this before Mr. Barack Obama was 10 years old,  Castro said.Obama had said in a speech that  it is time, now, for us to leave the past behind,  but the diehard Commie retorted,  I imagine that any one of us ran the risk of having a heart attack on hearing these words from the President of the United States. Castro ceded power to his brother Raul in 2008. Obama met with Raul last week, the first time a US president had been to Cuba since 1928. Via: NYP",0
20808,"OBAMA’S BACKDOOR GUN CONFISCATION: 260,000 VETERANS STRIPPED Of Second Amendment Rights","Obama s cowardly backdoor gun confiscation starts with those who ve risked their lives defending our rights.In what amounts to a backdoor gun grab, two Senate Republicans are demanding to know why the VA stripped 260,000 veterans of their Second Amendment rights.As of December, the VA has reported 260,381 individuals to the FBI as  mentally defective  and therefore not permitted to purchase a gun, Guns.com is reporting.U.S. Sen. Chuck Grassley, an Iowa lawmaker who is currently the Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman, finds this unacceptable. Our military heroes risked their lives to protect and defend this country and all that we stand for, including our most basic constitutional rights,  said Grassley in a statement.  Now the very agency created to serve them is jeopardizing their Second Amendment rights through an erroneous reading of gun regulations. The VA s careless approach to our veterans  constitutional rights is disgraceful. In an effort to fix the issue, Grassley, along with Senate Veterans  Affairs Committee Chairman Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., penned a letter to VA Secretary Robert McDonald last week and another to the subcommittee over the agency s funding, questioning the practice.Making a due process argument, the lawmakers argue the VA uses the fiduciary trustee status of a veteran to regulate firearms possession without ever seeking to find out if the service member is a danger to themselves or others. The use of the VA regulation, adopted for a totally unrelated purpose, is suspect, especially in light of the Supreme Court holding that the Second Amendment is a fundamental right,  reads the letter to McDonald.  That holding changed the legal calculus by which a regulatory scheme can survive constitutional scrutiny and it is not clear how these regulations would fare under that increased scrutiny. Via: DownTrend",0
20809,WHY “MODERATE” MUSLIMS DON’T SPEAK OUT: Muslim Shopkeeper Makes Video Wishing Customers “Happy Easter”…Muslim Man Stabs Him To Death [VIDEO],"The religion of peace and tolerance strikes again A shopkeeper was murdered by a fellow Muslim after he wished his Christian friends a peaceful Easter.Asad Shah, who was stabbed up to 30 times at his shop, had praised both the life of Jesus and  his beloved Christian nation . Left lying in a pool of blood, the 40-year-old died in hospital. Police, who were questioning a 32-year-old suspect last night, said the killing was religiously motivated.Mohammad Faisal, a family friend, said a bearded Muslim wearing a long religious robe entered Mr Shah s shop and spoke to him in his native language before stabbing him in the head with a kitchen knife.Mr Shah s brother, who was working next door, rushed out to find the killer laughing while sitting on the Glasgow newsagent s bleeding chest. The brother dragged Mr. Shah away but the guy continued attacking with the blade,  said Mr Faisal.  They struggled up to the bus stop where Asad collapsed. It was just a clear-cut revenge attack. For posting messages about peace, messages about greeting fellow Christians and Jews. Here is the video Asad Shah posted that inspired his brutal murder by a fellow Muslim: Before his death, Mr Shah had wished his friends a  Good Friday and a very happy Easter, especially to my beloved Christian nation .In his final post, he wrote:  Let s follow the real footstep of beloved holy Jesus Christ and get the real success in both worlds. Mr Shah also appeared to use his Facebook page to speak out over the attacks in Brussels. Via: Daily Mail",0
20810,ALL ABOARD THE SHARIA LAW TRAIN: Germany Announces They Will Now Have Female ONLY Sections,"Well that didn t take long In the trains between Leipzig and Chemnitz the MRB is setting up some compartments for women traveling alone and mothers with children. The background for the alterations is a corresponding demand, said Kleinrensing.Since December MRB, a subsidiary of the internationally active group Transdev, has been operating on the route and in response to the wishes of female customers, it wants to improve the service in the trains correspondingly.So, in the next few weeks, all trains in the REG Regional Express line, will get two female compartments, each with 12 seats. This actions also contributes to strengthening the feeling of security of female passengers, said Kleinrensing.Via: sz-online.de   S chsische Zeitung",0
20811,LEFTIST HATE ON STEROIDS: Donald Trump Tombstone Appears In NYC,"Suggesting a person should be killed because the Left disagrees with his desire to make America great again is beyond the pale But lets discuss micro aggressions and demands for safe spaces A tombstone for Donald Trump mysteriously appeared in Central Park this weekend, just one week after over a thousand avowed communists, socialists, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT)16% fans, and pro-illegal immigration activists took part in an anti-Trump protest in Central Partk.The Gothamist posted a tweet showing the tombstone, which reads  Made America Hate Again. Photo: You Can Visit Donald Trump's Tombstone In Central Park https://t.co/jetfxBxUFj pic.twitter.com/JvBKYsMKUI  Gothamist (@Gothamist) March 27, 2016 As Breitbart News has reported, while the media and even other Republicans have castigated Trump for  violence,  in fact the calls for Trump s death have gone unpunished on social media sites like Twitter.The following tweets are just a sample from the last 24 hours:I think I m gonna assassinate Donald Trump    (@Inuyashiha) March 27, 2016im going to hire someone on the deep web to assassinate donald trump  fat cube head  (@IovegIow) March 27, 2016@FaZeBlaziken 10 likes and I will assassinate trump  Adam Gomez (@kingprimoLoL) March 27, 2016@patrickfoster Personally, I can t understand why there isn t a Kickstarter to assassinate Trump, yet.  Eric Karjaluoto (@karj) March 27, 2016Meanwhile, an Assassinate Donald Trump page has been reposted on Facebook. The page s creator said that they don t personally plan to kill Mr. Trump, but they believe it  should be done :Assassinate Donald TrumpMarch 25 at 3:10pm  I find it important to say for my own protection that I have no intention or interest in assassinating a presidential cacandidate. Rather, I think it s something that should be done and I think the page needs to exists again, since the Republicans whined it down. Via: Breitbart News ",0
20812,NATIONAL ENQUIRER ENDORSED TRUMP…Then Dropped YUGE Bombshell: “CRUZ’S 5 SECRET MISTRESSES”,"Unfortunately, in this day and age, it doesn t really matter if the story is true or not. The propaganda driven media, and Americans who hang on their every word (especially the anti-God Left), are so anxious for red meat on one of the top GOP presidential candidates, the story will stick regardless of its validity   Here s Trump s Spokesperson, Katrina Pearson on the tabloid story:What's worse? People who actually believe the trash in tabloids, or the ones who know it's false &spread it anyway? #stupidity on all levels  Katrina Pierson (@KatrinaPierson) March 25, 2016One thing I ve learned from writing about politics for 10 years is that you ll never talk someone out of believing something they really want to believe. (At least you won t if you re a mediocre writer. Maybe great writers are different.) Another thing I ve learned is that there s no way to cover ratf*cking without participating in it. An accusation is made, it reaches a critical mass of public awareness, then you re forced to choose between ignoring a matter of public interest and spreading the accusation by addressing it. It s a testament to how far this has spread already that Cruz himself felt obliged to say something.Here s the National Enquirer story alleging that Cruz has had affairs with at least five women. Wait, let me rephrase: Here s the National Enquirer story alleging that there are  claims  that  private detectives  are investigating affairs with at least five women that Cruz has  supposedly  had. Two possibilities here:1. It s all true. Better men than Cruz have exploited their stature in Washington for sexual conquests. And the Enquirer s been right before about political sex scandals that no one else would touch. As every Trump fan on Twitter will eagerly tell you today, they got the John Edwards story right. Meanwhile, we re still waiting for further details on the 12 mistresses Barack Obama supposedly has. Or how it could be that Hillary Clinton had six months to live six months ago. Or why no major mainstream newspaper has yet exposed the fact that Antonin Scalia was assassinated by a hooker hired by the CIA. Personally, I m more interested in that one than this Cruz business.2. It s a smear. As it turns out, the Enquirer is emphatically pro-Trump. They endorsed him a few weeks ago. He s been friends with the paper s CEO, David Pecker, for years. And this wouldn t be the first time they ve done him a solid by publishing a spoonfed attack on one of his opponents, according to Gabriel Sherman. Supposedly it was Team Trump that handed the Enquirer a story last year about Ben Carson leaving a medical sponge inside a patient. It s also noteworthy, as Cruz himself mentions in the clip, that Trump advisor turned Trump cheerleader Roger Stone is the only quoted source in the Enquirer piece.Whether or not the target denies the claim is unimportant. The point is to plant the possibility that it s true in the audience s minds, knowing that some will believe it. So here we have with the Cruz accusation a publication that s in the tank for Trump, that s allegedly willing to fling sh*t for him, and that s in contact with people renowned for their own willingness and ability to supply sh*t to the media. Could it be that the accusation is sh*t itself?In a weird twist, Trump s own spokeswoman, Katrina Pierson   a former spokeswoman for Cruz   is identified in the Enquirer piece as one of the alleged mistresses via a partially distorted photo that s nonetheless clear enough. Pierson denies any relationship with Cruz:Of course the National Enquirer story is 100% FALSE!!! I only speak to myself, however.Carry on  Katrina Pierson (@KatrinaPierson) March 25, 2016Certain publications were eager to use a supposed threat against Ted Cruz by worldwide hacker group  Anonymous  as proof that he was guilty as charged. A threat from a hacker group  Anonymous  must mean Cruz is guilty right? Unfortunately, the video they re using is not even from the official  Anonymous official  account. How about doing a little homework guys?Here s the video they re using:The publications who are using Billy Anderson s video as proof that Anonymous is threatening Ted Cruz, as a way to prop up Donald Trump, might want to look up a video the OFFICIAL Anonymous account posted about Donald Trump:https://youtu.be/PvCC2qONQFgLastly, before voters fall for a video from Anonymous posted by Billy Anderson (who has only 2 videos on his account) they may want to better understand how Anonymous really feels about the upcoming elections. Here s a clip from their OFFICIAL account:There s a reason these Anonymous masks were frequently seen at Occupy events and most recently at the anti-Trump rally in Chicago. They tend to be worn by anarchists.Via: Hot Air ",0
20813,WHY PICTURE OF CHE-OBAMA Was Much Worse Than Anyone Imagined,"Oh the irony, of our Nobel-Peace-Prize-Recipient-In-Chief standing in front of a building representing some of the worst oppression and human rights violations in the world. I don t know, maybe it s just me, but does Obama look like he s imitating a certain someone, that he likely holds up as an icon in that photo? Only 273 days One of the first places I visited on a government-sanctioned  educational  tour to Cuba several years back was the Plaza de la Revolucion, a hideous expanse of concrete at the center of Havana that makes, say, Tiananmen Square look positively charming. It was there that President Obama was featured in that now-infamous photo in front of a giant mural of Che Guevara.It was unfortunate that the president lent his imprimatur to Guevara, a totalitarian who was responsible for the death of thousands. But, in some ways, the photo-op was even worse than it looked. Because as we learned on our tour, the building that Guevara s face adorns is home to the Cuban Ministry of the Interior.Unlike our own Ministry of the Interior, Cuba s is not charged with innocuous tasks like protecting endangered waterfowl. Rather, it operates the National Revolutionary Police, which, in addition to keeping law and order on the streets, harasses and arrests dissidents, and suppresses  counter-revolutionary  activities. In other words, it s Cuba s version of the Stasi.President Obama boasted on his trip that he wasn t going to tell Cubans to  tear something down,  a reference to President Reagan s famous exhortation to tear down the Berlin wall. Of course, there s no wall   only ocean   separating Cuba from the rest of the world to tear down. But Obama could have at least told Castro to tear down the monument to repression that he was happily photographed in front of.By ETHAN EPSTEIN  Weekly Standard",0
20814,WORKPLACE MICROAGGRESSION: ISIS Yells “Alluha Akbar” While Accidentally Blowing Themselves Up [VIDEO],Obviously not the smartest cowards in the desert https://youtu.be/QsZN_0barc8h/t Weasel Zippers,0
20815,LIBERAL “The View” HOSTS MOCK HILLARY’S RESPONSE To Brussels Terror Attack…Admit Trump Was Right [VIDEO],Hell begins freeze over Did We Ever Think That Donald Trump Would Be The Voice Of Reason? So which candidate makes you feel more safe Hillary or Trump? ,0
20816,WATCH: HILARIOUS AD Calls Into Question Health Of Aging Clinton Crime Family Bosses,"After watching this telling video, you ll wonder if instead of working so hard to get back into the White House, Hillary s time would be better spent looking into an assisted living situation for her and Bill ",0
20817,"MOOCH CRIES VICTIM (Again) In Speech To Argentinian Girls: “men would whistle at me as I walked down the street, as if my body were their property” [VIDEO]","Ahhh Mooch The perpetual victim. Never mind that 319 million Americans have been victims of her husband s radical, self-serving  policies for the past 7 1/2 years. And never mind that the Obama clan just spent their vacation palling around with communist dictator, Raul Castro, who is currently committing some of the worst human right violations against women in the history of Cuba. Never mind that there are Christian and Yazidi women being raped and sold into a lifetime of sex slavery. Our First Lady would like to use herself as an example of what a  victim  of sexism looks like. How very appropriate First Lady Michelle Obama said she faced harassment from men who used to whistle at her when she was a young woman. As I got older, I found that men would whistle at me as I walked down the street, as if my body were their property, as if I were an object to be commented on instead of a full human being with thoughts and feelings of my own,  Obama said in a speech in Argentina on Wednesday. I began to realize that the hopes I had for myself were in conflict with the messages I was receiving from people around me,  she said at the  Let Girls Learn  initiative.Via: Daily Mail",0
20818,HOW OBAMA IS FORCING POOREST AMERICANS To Fend For Themselves Against Dangerous Criminals Crossing Our Borders,"Is it any wonder Latino Americans are throwing their support behind Donald Trump?Concerned about strange people running through their neighborhood at night, several Hidalgo residents invited a CBS 4 News reporter to stop by   and witness the problem firsthand.Note: Hidalgo is not even listed on the Top 8 Most Dangerous Border Cities In AmericaGraciela Perez said she s concerned about the people who attempt to sneak through her neighborhood every night.Depending on the day, 30 to 50 people pass through the Hidalgo Viejo neighborhood, Perez said. Dogs start barking, waking many residents. We think they are undocumented immigrants and we re scared,  Perez said.  Honestly, we re scared because of what s going on in Mexico.  Via: Valley CentralThe number of arrests made at the border of people from Afghanistan and Pakistan is up significantly this year compared to last, the president of the National Border Patrol Council said when he testified during a House hearing on Tuesday.Brandon Judd, who has also served as a Border Patrol agent for nearly 20 years, also told the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee s Subcommittee on National Security that he has witnessed U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) officials fudge alien apprehension statistics by low-balling the number of  got aways    illegal border-crossers who enter the country but avoid being apprehended by border agents.Judd began by denying what he says is the Obama administration s claim that  the border is more secure today than it s ever been. As a Border Patrol Agent, I will tell you the exact opposite,  Judd said.The Obama administration fails  to give the American public key indicators such as the number of arrests of persons from countries with known terrorist ties or from countries that compete economically with our interests,  he added.To support his claim, Judd pointed to statistics showing that in all of fiscal year 2015, Border Patrol arrested five people from Afghanistan, 57 from Pakistan and 1,327 from China.But that number has surged this year, according to Judd. Already in the first five months of this fiscal year, the United States Border Patrol has arrested 18 from Afghanistan 79 from Pakistan and 619 from the Peoples Republic of China,  the union chief said. Those numbers should alarm everyone and we are seeing a similar trend from other key countries like Albania, Bangladesh and Brazil,  he continued.Judd also pointed to what he said is evidence that drug cartels  are winning. He said that during a visit to a station in the Del Rio Border Patrol sector in south Texas, resource-strapped agents were only able to arrest 47 percent of known border-crossers.He said that out of 157 known entries that week, 74 were arrested, 54 evaded arrest and entered the U.S., 17 evaded arrest and returned to Mexico, and 12 were still unaccounted for. That s a 47 percent arrest rate,  said Judd.  That s not very good. He also highlighted the gaps in border security by citing an email he received on Tuesday from a Border Patrol agent in Arizona pointing to a 10-mile stretch of the border that was unmanned for two days. Criminal cartels were able to go to the fence, cut a hole in the fence, drive two vehicles through that hole and escape. They were able then to put the fence back up and try to hide the cuts that were made,  Judd said. The scariest part of those vehicles entering the United States is we don t know what was in those vehicles,  he explained. And of the border-crossers who have not been apprehended, Judd said  we don t know where they were from. Florida Rep. Ron DeSantis 89% , who chairs the national security subcommittee, also asked Judd whether CBP  might be fudging  its apprehension data. Not only have I heard similar reports, I ve actually seen it,  Judd said, recalling a previous stint as an intelligence officer working at a station on the southern border.He said he received a note from a high-ranking watch commander ordering him to remove numbers from a  got-away  report.Via: Daily Caller ",0
20819,"MAN ARRESTED For Asking Muslim Woman: ‘Excuse me, can I ask what you thought about the [terror] incident in Brussels?’","While London police are wasting resources to track down people who may or may not have offended Muslims, ACTUAL tweets promoting threats of violence towards non-believers can be found on Twitter round-the-clock. We found this tweet only 2 days ago following the Brussels terror attack:A man who tweeted about stopping a Muslim woman in the street yesterday, challenging her to  explain Brussels , and lambasted on Twitter for his comments, has responded to the criticism today, insisting he is not some  far right merchant .Matthew Doyle, partner at a south London-based talent & PR agency, posted a tweet on Wednesday morning saying:  I confronted a Muslim woman in Croydon yesterday. I asked her to explain Brussels. She said  nothing to do with me . A mealy mouthed reply. He was later arrested.A Metropolitan Police spokeman said:  A 46-year-old man was this evening arrested at his home in Croydon on suspicion of inciting racial hatred on social media. He has been taken to a south London police station and enquiries continue. His tweet referred to yesterday s bomb attacks on the Belgian capital s main airport and Metro system that left at least 34 people dead and 198 injured. His comment went viral, being retweeted hundreds of times before he eventually deleted it. Mr Doyle told the Telegraph he had no idea his tweet would be the  hand grenade  it has proven to be   and that Twitter s 140 character limit made the encounter sound vastly different to how he thought it went. What everyone s got wrong about this is I didn t confront the woman,  he said.  I just said:  Excuse me, can I ask what you thought about the incident in Brussels?' She was white, and British, wearing a hijab   and she told me it was nothing to do with her. I said  thank you for explaining that    and her little boy said goodbye to me as we went out separate ways. On Wednesday afternoon, he says, someone who s been outraged by his comments  turned up at my door, gave me a load of abuse and tried to throw a punch at me. As for his more inflammatory tweets, Mr Doyle claims they re intended as a joke, which people who know him would understand as  that s absolutely not who I am. I m not some far-right merchant, I m not a mouthpiece for any kind of racism or radicalism,  he says.  If I was xenophobic I wouldn t live in London. I have a Muslim neighbour who got burgled, and I was one of the first people to go around to help. However, he says he does believe Muslims aren t doing enough to speak out against terrorism. The horror that happened in Brussels could happen here,  he adds,  and your naive if you think London isn t on some terror shortlist.  Via: Telegraph ",0
20820,HOW COLLEGES ARE DESTROYING Free Speech: “Emergency counseling sessions” Offered After “TRUMP” Word Was Written On Sidewalk In Chalk,"Terrorism has gripped Europe, America has two Socialist candidates running for President, people who want to kill us are freely flowing into our country, and college students are hyperventilating over chalk drawings with the name of one of the name of one of the most successful business men in America.  As if today s college students didn t already face enough horrors, now the poor kids have to deal with the most gruesome microaggression of all: the T-word.Trump.Yes, hatemongers use the name of the Republican presidential front-runner on campus. Emory University students have even seen  Trump  chalked on sidewalks!The injured kids promptly did the only rational thing: marched on the Georgia school s administrative center, chanting  Stop Hate,  and  You are not listening. Come speak to us, we are in pain. So are we, kids, so are we.The college leaped into action, offering  emergency counseling sessions  as President James Wagner vowed to track down the heartless graffiti-scrawler.Academia has come to this   children who can t bear to share the same ZIP code with anyone who sees the world differently.Via:NYPJim Wagner, the president of the university in Atlanta, met with the protesters and later sent an email to the campus community, explaining, in part,  During our conversation, they voiced their genuine concern and pain in the face of this perceived intimidation.Wagner added that the Freedom of Expression Committee is meeting to address whether the person or people responsible for the chalking were in compliance with Emory s policy. He said that they would debate technical issues, such as whether or not the chalkings were done on appropriate surfaces. However, he believes that the broader concern motivating the protests had to do more with the ideas the chalkings stood for than how they were done. Was it really just a message about a political preference, a candidate preference, or was it a harsher message?  he asked.  And I will tell you, those who met with me were genuine in their concerns that it was the latter. Ultimately, Wagner said he thinks that Emory s Respect for Open Expression Policy, which states that Emory is  committed to an environment where the open expression of ideas and open, vigorous debate and speech are valued, promoted and encouraged,  permits people to  feel as though they have safety in speaking up  and allows administrators to  feel comfortable responding to incidents and concerns like this. However, College senior Alex Reibman believes that the proposed administrative response will prove to be counterproductive. I think the best step forward would be for administrators to engage in discussions with the students,  he said.  They could actually capitalize on this and allow for a better way of freedom of expression. He suggested that administrators consider the possibility of implementing  free speech zones  at Emory, which would allow people to voice their personal opinions and for others to counter those opinions.  Hate speech, whether we like it or not, is a crucial part of free speech,  he said.College freshman Amanda Obando disagreed with Reibman s view, saying that it dismissed the personal experiences of many who felt offended by the chalking. My reaction to the chalking was one of fear,  she said.  I told myself that it was a prank, and that the responsible individual was probably laughing in their room. I told myself that Emory would do something about it.  Via: Emory Wheel",0
20821,WOW! DENNIS MILLER NAILS IT: “The GOP is now Chipotle! You’re making your customers sick!” [Video],This is awesome! No words just enjoy! ,0
20822,"ISIS Is On The March, Belgium Is Burning, While Obama Hangs With New Commie Bestie In Cuba…Dirty Dances In Argentina [VIDEO]","Party on Barry  Expect to see more of this behavior from our first class marxist ass, as he goes around the world on our dime campaigning for UN Secretary General.In Brussels police are still desperately hunting a dangerous terrorist after he fled a triple-suicide bombing in the city that left 34 dead, as officials hunt for news on U.S. citizens who went missing during the attack and medics tend to nine more Americans lying in hospital wounded.Meanwhile in Buenos Aires President Barack Obama is dancing the night away with wife Michelle at a glitzy state dinner alongside Argentine President Mauricio Macri and his first lady Juliana Awada as part of a two-day state visit. Despite increasing criticism from the likes of Donald Trump and Ted Cruz for the President to return home in the wake of the Brussels attack, Obama showed his determination to carry on regardless Wednesday night. Via: Daily Mail ",0
20823,MOST UNWANTED MAN IN THE WORLD: Argentinians Don’t Want Obama In Their Country…Americans Would Like Him To Stay There,"January 2017 can t come fast enough for America, and for the rest of the world who is 100% FED UP with this freeloading, fascist loving family .For two days President Barack Obama has defied calls from Republicans to cancel his trip to South America and return home in the wake of the terror attacks in Brussels.And now it seems even his guests are sick of having him after dozens of human rights protesters took to the streets of Buenos Aires to demand he leave Argentina.But instead of departing Obama chose to carry on regardless this evening as he attended a glitzy banquet alongside wife Michelle, Argentine President Mauricio Macri and first lady Juliana Awada.The foursome were pictured arriving at the Centro Cultural Kirchner, named after Argentina s former Prime Minister and Marci s predecessor, in the country s capital this evening.The group paused for a photo opportunity on a red carpet with Obama and Marci dressed in suits and Michelle and Awada in glamorous evening dresses.From there they made their way into a leafy candlelit courtyard for champagne, where Obama was pictured clinking glasses with Marci. Meanwhile a few streets away human rights protesters were busy burning American flags and demanding Obama leave the country. The protesters accuse America of backing dictatorial regimes during the Cold War in South America, including in Argentina, and hold the U.S. responsible for the thousands who died or were disappeared under their rule.Today marks the 40th anniversary of the military coup in Argentina that ushered in one of the most oppressive dictatorships in Latin American history, which demonstrators argue makes Obama s visit particularly offensive.Earlier in the day, Obama sought to deflect criticism of his foreign travel in the wake of Belgium s terror attacks, saying the U.S. must show ISIS that it does not have power over its citizens.  We are strong, our values are right. You offer nothing, except death,  Obama said of ISIS.Gesturing in the direction of Argentinian President Mauricio Macri, who was standing to his left at a joint news conference this afternoon in Buenos Aires, Obama said,  It is important for the United States president and the United States government to be able to work with people who are building and who are creating things. We have to make sure that we lift up and stay focused, as well, on the things that are most important to us,  he said.  Because we re on the right side of history.  Via: Daily MailYeah right Barry. ",0
20824,LATINA RESTAURANT OWNER THREATENED After Being Called On Stage At Trump Rally [VIDEO],"After the community found out about the threats she was receiving, they came together in a YUGE way to support her. The Latina Trump supporter actually ran out of food she had such an overwhelming response from people who felt compelled to support her. Another epic back fire from the Soros funded, Obama inspired, anti-Trump agitators Restaurant owner Betty Rivas received abusive and threatening calls after attending a Trump rally with a  Latinos Support Trump  sign.KGUN9 On Your Side went back to visit Sammy s Mexican Restaurant in Catalina after our story aired and the Rivas  family said on Tuesday, they have now become overwhelmed with showings of support. At 7-o-clock, my husband called me and say,  You need to come in and I said,   Why?  said owner Betty Rivas.  I think it happen something bad. But, instead   the flood of customers came for more than just the food. Customers like Rhonda Mikuski   who said, she s been to the restaurant before, but made a special visit today. We just wanted to come by today   more or less -to just show our support that America still exists,  said Mikuski.  People have the right say what they want to say without being threatened. Harry Edmondson said he heard about the drama through the news and Facebook and he felt the need to come by. I don t want her to fail because some people  are meaning to shut free speech down,  Edmondson said.  So, I ll support her But, Rivas said, she did not exercise her right to vote today, saying she was too busy and had not come to a decision on a candidate yet. No, I m still thinking,  Rivas laughed.Or more likely she s scared to death of the Leftist Mafia ",0
20825,TICKING TIME BOMB: Why More Young Muslims In The West Are Sympathizing With Terrorists,"These are statistics are shocking and very telling. Please be sure to share this piece with Hillary voters who support a candidate that welcomes un-vetted  refugees  to America with open arms in the name of diversity. Obama and his regime have been shaming Americans into believing that there is something wrong with us for being suspicious of radicalized Muslims in America. Barack Hussein Obama has gone out of his way to criticize Christianity, going as far back as the Crusades to make a point about Christians committing acts of violence against Muslims. He has also gone out of his way to embrace Islam. Is it any small wonder he is endorsed and adored by one of the most radical Muslims in America,  leader of the Nation of Islam, Louis Farrakhan?  On the back of the Brussels terror attack it is worthwhile remembering that while a majority of Muslims in the West appear to have no truck with terrorism or extremism, there are a significant number who sympathise with terrorism and repeatedly attempt to justify attacks on the West.TERRORISMAn ICM poll from 2006 revealed that 20 per cent of British Muslims sympathised with the 7/7 bombers who brought terror to the streets of the British capital, killing 52 and injuring hundreds. This number rose to one in four British Muslims, according to NOP Research for Channel 4. With a British Muslim population of over 3 million today, that translates to roughly three quarters of a million terror-sympathising people in the UK.The number rises for younger British Muslims   a sure sign that radicalisation through schools, mosques, and prisons (often via Saudi-funded groups) is creating a long-term problem in Europe. Thirty-one per cent of younger British Muslims endorsed or excused the 7/7 bombings of 2005, with just 14 per cent of those over 45 doing so.Here are a few examples of tweets we found last night on Twitter following the Brussels terror attack:A 2013 study found that 16 per cent of young Muslims in Belgium believed that state terrorism is  acceptable,  while 12 per cent of young Muslims in Britain said that suicide attacks against civilians in Britain can be justified.Pew Research from 2007 found that 26 per cent of young Muslims in America believed suicide bombings are justified, with 35 per cent in Britain, 42 per cent in France, 22 per cent in Germany, and 29 per cent in Spain feeling the same way.And Muslims who are more devout or dedicated to Islam are three times more likely to believe that suicide bombings are justified   a harrowing statistic when you consider that 86 per cent of Muslims in Britain  feel that religion is the most important thing in their life. While just 5 per cent of UK Muslims said they would not report a terror attack being planned, the number leaps to 18 per cent amongst young, British Muslims.The anti-police narrative fueled by groups like Black Lives Matter are no doubt contributing to this idea that people should not work with the police, with the British Muslim Youth group recently urging a boycott of police.More recently, in 2015, it was revealed that 45 per cent of British Muslims think that hate preachers that advocate violence against the West represent  mainstream Islam. Forty per cent of British Muslims say they want Sharia law in the West, while 41 per cent oppose it.Despite the fact that  Islamophobia  did not rise after the Paris Attacks, there remains a grievance industry across the Western world which targets young Muslims especially, urging them to feel victimised by Western governments for taking a stance against Islamism   and scarcely a tough stance at that.CRIMINALITYDo these stats explain Obama s rush for a mass release of prisoners before he leaves office?Earlier this year it was reported that one in five prisoners in the United Kingdom s top security jails is now Muslim, a rise of 23 per cent from just five years ago. In total, a 20 per cent increase in the jail population in Britain has been outstripped by the rise in Muslim inmates   up 122 per cent over 13 years.The same disproportionate figures are borne out across the United States, where Pew data from 2011 revealed that Muslims made up 9 per cent of state and federal prisoners though at the time Muslims made up just 0.8 per cent of the U.S. population.In 2008, the Washington Post reported  About 60 to 70 percent of all inmates in [France s] prison system are Muslim, according to Muslim leaders, sociologists and researchers, though Muslims make up only about 12 percent of the country s population. INTEGRATION Despite hundreds of millions of pounds, dollars, and euros spent on integration projects, it appears to be a Sisyphean task   calling into question the rate at which immigration is occurring throughout the Western world and the tolerance with which our societies have operate thus far.The BBC found that 36 per cent of 16 to 24-year-old Muslims believe that if a Muslim converts to another religion they should be punished by death. Thirty five per cent of Muslims say they would prefer to send their children to an Islamic school, and 37 per cent of 16 to 24-year-olds say they want government-funded Islamic schools to send their kids to.The report again highlights the radicalization of the Muslim youth in the West, with 74 per cent of 16 to 24-year-olds preferring Muslim women to wear the veil, compared with only 28 per cent for those over the age of 55. Via: Breitbart News",0
20826,TWO MUSLIM UBER DRIVERS Charged With Multiple Sex Assaults Of College Students,"Wow! We re fast becoming like Europe with the sexual assaults of young women by Muslim men. The men probably thought the women deserved it since they weren t wearing a hijab. Michigan is one of the top five states targeted for Muslim refugee resettlement:In the last ten years, 29,141 refugees were resettled in Michigan and 18,505 were Iraqis. EAST LANSING   Two Uber drivers have been charged in connection with sexual assaults in East Lansing in January and February.Hassan Ibrahim, 48, faces one count of fourth-degree criminal sexual conduct in connection with an incident that occurred Feb. 14, according to East Lansing police. He turned himself in March 11 after a warrant had been issued for his arrest. He was arraigned the same day before Lansing 54B District Court by Judge Richard Ball.Salim Salem, 47, faces two counts of fourth-degree criminal sexual conduct in connection with an incident that occurred Jan. 16, police said, and he turned himself in Tuesday and was arraigned that day before 55th District Court Magistrate Mark Blumer.Read more: DFP",0
20827,"WOW! BRITISH ACTRESS HAMMERS EU Leaders: “Every one of you who said refugees are welcome, You Are Responsible For Brussels…Europe is ‘Jihadi Central'”","Outspoken British actress and columnist asks brilliant question:  Any mosques lit up in the colors of the Belgian flag?  She is dead on (no pun intended) about these  refugees  flooding Europe and attempting to flood (with the aid of Obama and Democrats like Hillary Clinton) America.KATIE HOPKINS has been told to  show some respect  for those affected by the Brussels terrorist attacks, after blaming what happened on refugees and German chancellor Angela Merkel.Look at you all. Gawping at pictures of death. Fascinated by the chaos you brought to our peaceful countries. You   the left   disgust me.  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) March 22, 2016On a more positive note, the Jihadi's of Brussels just put Donald Trump much closer to the White House.  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) March 22, 2016The controversial columnist said anyone who supported those fleeing war-torn countries was also in the frame for the blasts, which has so far claimed 34 lives.Any mosques lit up in the colours of the Belgium flag? No   thought not. Just celebrations in prayer houses country-wide #ReligionOfMurder  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) March 22, 2016The 41-year-old told her 628,000 Twitter followers:  Next time you hear someone say we are safer IN the EU   remember Brussels. Seen as the heart of Europe, it is now jihadi central. Katie continued:  How can you separate the human from the political. Merkel   and her ilk   blew up Brussels #brexit.How can you separate the human from the political. Merkel   and her ilk- blew up Brussels. #brexit  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) March 22, 2016How about we cut from pics of dead bodies on the Metro   to more boats, happily crossing the Med. liberal left   sh*t at joining the dots  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) March 22, 2016 How about we cut from pics of dead bodies on the Metro   to more boats, happily crossing the Med. Liberal left   s*** at joining the dots. @KTHopkins totally agree xx  Danielle Mason   (@daniellemasonUK) March 22, 2016Katie added:  Every one of you who said refugees are welcome, if you said  let them in . You are responsible for Brussels. And you still can t see. Human traffickers setting up new cargo ship route from Libya to Italy. Are you ready Brussels? Open borders=open season for ISIS #brexit  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) March 22, 2016Her remarks were quickly met by angry users who blasted her for the insensitive tweets. To those of us who thought what @KTHopkins has had to go through recently would open up a shred of humanity, sense or empathy have been disappointed,  one person wrote.Via: Express UK ",0
20828,"MI BOARD OF EDUCATION Will Allow Students To Choose Gender, Bathroom, Locker Room And Even A New Name With No Parental Consent","Every parent in the United States of America should be alarmed by this covert attempt by Board of Education members to essentially tell our kids that their power supersedes that of the parents. Furthermore, this reckless policy of placing same sex kids in bathrooms and locker rooms puts children in danger of being in private spaces with sexual predators and or sexual offenders Make sure to add your comments to the MI Board of Educations HEREMichigan s State Board of Education has drafted a guidance that would push the state s schools to allow all students, regardless of parental or doctoral input, to choose their gender, name, pronouns, and bathrooms.Spearheaded by board president John C. Austin and signed by state superintendent Brian Whiston, the guidance informs Michigan public schools that only the students themselves i.e. not their parents or doctors can determine what their individual gender identities are. The responsibility for determining a student s gender identity rests with the student. Outside confirmation from medical or mental health professionals, or documentation of legal changes, is not needed,  the guidance states.Gender identity is defined in the guidance as  a person s deeply held internal sense or psychological knowledge of their own gender, regardless of the biological sex they were assigned at birth. Notably, the guidance makes no mention of a student s age affecting whether or not they can pick a gender without their parent or doctor.In fact, the guidance seems to intentionally cut parents out of the process.The guidance states:  School staff should address students by their chosen name and pronouns that correspond to their gender identity, regardless of whether there has been a legal name change. Students can even ask to have their chosen name and gender  included in the district s information management systems, in addition to the student s legal name. But what about when school staff members are speaking with parents about their son or daughter?The guidance states that  Transgender and GNC [gender nonconforming] students have the right to decide when, with whom, and to what extent to share private information. Accordingly, the board makes clear,  When contacting the parent/guardian of a transgender or GNC student, school staff should use the student s legal name and the pronoun corresponding to the student s assigned sex at birth, unless the student or parent/guardian has specified otherwise. In other words, a boy named  Jake  could become a girl named  Jane  at school, seemingly without his parents ever knowing.Names, pronouns, and genders aren t the only things the board wants students to choose.The guidance informs schools that  Students should be allowed to use the restroom in accordance with their gender identity. And the board makes clear that single-stall bathrooms are not inclusive enough:  Alternative and non-stigmatizing options, such as an all-gender or singleuser restroom (e.g., staff bathroom or nurse s office), should be made available to students who request them, but not presented as the only option. Locker rooms also should become inclusive of students  many gender identities.  A student should not be required to use a locker room that is incongruent with their gender identity,  the guidance states.  Locker room usage should be determined on a case-by-case basis, using the guiding principles of safety and honoring the student s gender identity and expression. Students who are bothered by having members of the opposite sex in their locker rooms can request  an adjusted changing schedule  or  use of a private area in the facility. The board quietly issued the statement and guidance on February 23rd, without a press release. The public has only until April 11th to comment on the proposed guidance, according to the Department of Education website. The board will finalize the guidance at a meeting on May 10th. Via: Daily Caller ",0
20829,So Much For Brussels Terror Victims…Let’s Play Ball!,"Hey Barry, could you at least have enough respect for the terror victims in Brussels to remove your shades for the interview? President Obama was all smiles this afternoon as he watched an exhibition baseball game between the Tampa Bay Rays and the Cuban national baseball team   just hours after ISIS terrorists killed at least 34 people in Brussels.Settling down with wife Michelle, daughters Sasha and Malia and Cuban dictator Raul Castro, Obama appeared carefree as he enjoyed the game   ignoring calls to cut short his historic trip to return to Washington and lead the response.Indeed, despite criticism that he only devoted one minute of his speech earlier in the day to the Belgian atrocities, Obama took the time to give a somewhat surreal 15-minute interview to ESPN about the threat posed by ISIS   keeping his $500 shades on throughout the spot.Here is Obama s surreal interview with ESPN:After observing a moment of silence for the hundreds of victims, a relaxed Obama said,  This is just one more example of why the entire world needs to unite against these terrorists. When asked by ESPN why he had not returned to Washington, the president said to do so would show the terrorists they have the power to disrupt. It s always a challenge when you have a terrorist attack anywhere in the world, particularly in this age of 24/7 news coverage,  said the president.  You want to be respectful and understand the gravity of the situation, but the whole premise of terrorism is to try to disrupt people s ordinary lives. Recalling what he called one of his proudest memories during his time as president, the reaction of Boston Red Sox  David Ortiz after the Boston bombings in April 2013, Obama said he felt the hitter spoke for the nation when he said,  This is our f**king city and nobody is going to dictate our freedom. Probably the only time America didn t have a problem with somebody cursing on live TV was when he talked about Boston and how strong it was and wasn t gonna be intimidated,  Obama said. That is the kind of resilience and the kind of strength that we have to continually show in the face of these terrorists. They cannot defeat America. The president then offered his  thoughts and prayers  to those affected by the terror attacks.Communist human rights violated Raul Castro wasn t able to release any political prisoners, but he was able to release doves at the  historic  baseball game with Comrade Obama Doves released from centerfield stands ahead of Rays-Cuba game pic.twitter.com/kVEJHjfyxn  Edward-Isaac Dovere (@IsaacDovere) March 22, 2016Just after the game ended and Air Force One took off for Argentina for a two-day stint, the president ordered all federal flags to be flown at half mast as a mark of respect for those who were killed in Tuesday morning s attacks.Prior to his interview with ESPN, Obama had faced calls from Ted Cruz, Donald Trump and John Kasich to leave Cuba and return to the states.Meet the new Che  We can only  hope  he retires there.Shepard Fairey mock-up for sale in Havana: Yes We Came pic.twitter.com/TgiHAvYqsu  Edward-Isaac Dovere (@IsaacDovere) March 23, 2016The president did not heed their advice. He dedicated a brief portion of a planned speech to the attacks and went on about his day.Here s Obama and his new bestie doing the  wave https://twitter.com/BKcolin/status/712342816685494273He met Cuban dissidents at the U.S. Embassy in Havana, then made his way to watch the baseball in casual khaki pants, white shirt, no tie, and sunglasses. Via: Daily Mail ",0
20830,BELGIUM’S POLITICAL LEADER Michaël Modrikamen Makes Powerful Video Endorsing Donald Trump…WARNS Against Muslim Migrant Invasion: “America should not become another Brussels”,"This video was published on March 11, 2016, exactly 11 days before the terror attack took place in Brussels. Micha l Modrikamen, president of the Peoples Party in Belgium says he fully supports Donald Trump. He asked Trump to  make America great again  and warned Americans about not becoming another Brussels:  It was once a vibrant, entrepreneurial, joyful, peaceful city. That was before. Brussels is becoming a third world city with a majority of Muslim migrants within 10-15 years according to demographic studies.This situation is being aggravated by the current migrant system.  Message from BRUSSELS. I support Donald Trump !Message from BRUSSELS. I support Donald Trump !Posted by Mischa l Modrikamen on Friday, 11 March 2016",0
20831,"IS RESIGNATION OF FBI DIRECTOR IMMINENT, As Obama Appears To Be Protecting Hillary From Prosecution?","FBI insiders are spreading the word, Hillary Clinton deliberately broke the law and charges are warranted. However, there is little confidence the Obama administration will actually indict her.Hillary Clinton broke the law, knowingly sending and receiving classified information on a private server, according to FBI insiders. However, this isn t the right question. Instead, the right question is, why are FBI insiders spreading rumors?The answer is because they do not think the political establishment will play its role in any case, leaving Hillary Clinton to get away with thumbing her nose at the law. Via: Catholic OnlineAccording to the Daily Mail   Any evidence that the FBI uncovered has still not been made public.The government says no final decision has been made, however the case is clearly progressing as Clinton aide Bryan Pagliano, who worked on her private server, was granted immunity by the Justice Department earlier this month. You don t start granting people close to Clinton immunity unless you are seriously looking at charges against your target,  one of Gasparino s sources said.Clinton has publicly said that using a private email account attached to a homebrew server was a  mistake.  Mainly  because it s caused all this uproar and commotion. As FBI director, however, Comey can only recommend charges to the Justice Department, led by Obama appointee, Attorney General Loretta Lynch.Insiders told the New York Post that evidence would have to be  overwhelming  for Comey to make such recommendations and for Obama s Justice Department to pursue them.But agents also suggest that the investigation is solid enough for Comey to quit if the Justice Department doesn t listen to him on the matter of Clinton.Barack Obama s decision to publicly ask donors to support Hillary speaks volumes about his decision to back her as the Democrat Party s Presidential candidate. Barack s former AG, Eric Holder s endorsement of Hillary Clinton is further proof that Hillary has the full backing of this corrupt administration:Eric Holder    I think what people have to understand is that what we have to do is protect the Obama legacy. We ve made really substantial progress in the last eight years   it ll be eight years at the end of 2016   and the question is who is best situated to protect that legacy and not let the progress that we have made get rolled back. And there is no question that there are going to be attempts to roll back the Affordable Care Act, they sent [President Obama] a bill the week before last that he had to veto. There will certainly be efforts to counter the executive actions that he s taken on immigration issues, when it comes to gun safety issues and his foreign policy. You need somebody who s got a record on those issues that s consistent with the positions that the president took, and Hillary Clinton is that person, there s no question. They are in lockstep when it comes to gun safety issues. Sen. [Bernie] Sanders, quite frankly, is not. So to the extent that people are a bit of a nostalgic, wistful feeling, I think that ought to be converted into a concern for the future and for the preservation of all the great work that President Obama and his administration did. Here s the only clear record that Hillary has to show for her decades of  public service : ",0
20832,"WATCH: MUSLIM MAYOR Of Rotterdam, Holland To Muslim Immigrants, “If you can’t accept freedom, f*ck off”","Freedom is under attack across the globe. Radical Muslims are committing horrendous acts of violence against innocent people around the world. Meanwhile, the Left demands we don t identify the faith of the terrorists, for fear of offending them. It s time to fight back America. The Netherlands, France, and the Uk are our future.Moroccan born Mayor of Rotterdam, Ahmed Aboutaleb grew up in a very poor family. His family came to Holland at the age of 15. He has no tolerance for liberals who try to justify the violent actions of  poor  Muslims. He has taken a hard line in the city of Rotterdam, which has been overrun with Muslim migrants who have no intention of assimilating. Here is his open, honest and some would say stunning response to the Muslims who attacked the Charlie Hebdoe publication in Paris:https://youtu.be/Jped8eVIZoEMayor Aboutaleb is not the only one speaking out against the Muslim invasion of the Netherlands.Geert Wilders, Party for Freedom leader in the Netherlands appears on trial against free speech for speaking the truth about the invasion of Muslim migrants in the Netherlands who refuse to assimilate. He has been chased down and has had his life threatened by radical Muslims for the past 11 years. His story should send shockwaves through America, but alas, our media does everything they can to ignore his message. Those in the media who highlight him, do it in such a way as to make him out to be a villain and hater, much like they have tried to do to Donald Trump for saying we need to stop the flow of Muslim migrants into America until we can properly vet them.Watch Geert Wilders chilling  Orwellian  testimony here:Here is an example of the hate and vitriol Geert Wilders, the brave leader of the Freedom Party in the Netherlands is facing on a regular basis: ",0
20833,IN A SHOW OF WEAKNESS…Obama Will NOT Provide THIS List Of POLITICAL Prisoners To Human Rights Violator Raul Castro,"Obama s trip to Cuba is despicable, embarrassing and heart-breaking for so many survivors and relatives of survivors who are still living under the evil Communist dictatorship of Raul Castro President Barack Obama told ABC News anchor David Muir in an exclusive interview today in Havana, Cuba, that he had not yet given President Ra l Castro a list of dissidents, which the Cuban leader seemed to request during a news conference earlier today.In the joint news conference, Obama and Castro clashed on the issue of human rights in Cuba, with the Cuban leader denying knowledge of any political prisoners in the island nation. What political prisoners? Give me a name, or names, or after this meeting is over you can give me a list of political prisoners and if we have those political prisoners they will be released before tonight ends,  Castro said. Via: Weasel Zippers and ABC NewsHere s the List Obama. Why not give it to him? Or do you have your sights set on finding a way to bring NJ State Trooper and iconic Black Panther figure, Assanta Shakur back to the US as a free women?Here is the very popular t-shirt worn by Black Lives Matter protesters. Cop killers are apparently all the rage in Obama s fight for justice. From the FBI s Most Wanted List: CAUTION Joanne Chesimard is wanted for escaping from prison in Clinton, New Jersey, while serving a life sentence for murder. On May 2, 1973, Chesimard, who was part of a revolutionary extremist organization known as the Black Liberation Army, and two accomplices were stopped for a motor vehicle violation on the New Jersey Turnpike by two troopers with the New Jersey State Police. At the time, Chesimard was wanted for her involvement in several felonies, including bank robbery. Chesimard and her accomplices opened fire on the troopers. One trooper was wounded and the other was shot and killed execution-style at point-blank range. Chesimard fled the scene, but was subsequently apprehended. One of her accomplices was killed in the shoot-out and the other was also apprehended and remains in jail.",0
20834,"OBAMA LIES ABOUT Number Of Troops On Ground In Iraq…FLASHBACK, OBAMA 2009: [Video] “After nearly nine years, America’s war in Iraq will be over.”","It was more important for Obama to keep a pledge to his leftist donors, than to secure the nation of Iraq before pulling out our troops. And then there s that one little detail rarely discussed in liberal circles, Obama wanted to leave troops behind but the Iraqi government threatened Our Pansy In Chief that they would not give our US troops immunity in their courts. Thus, the master negotiator put his tail between their legs and scooted out of Iraq, bringing our brave men and women in uniform with him Oct. 2011- The U.S. is leaving behind a  sovereign, stable and self-reliant Iraq, with a representative government. -Barack Huessein ObamaObama claimed it was a  moment of success. The U.S. military has around 5,000 service members in Iraq, officials said on Monday, far more than previously reported, as the Obama administration quietly expands ground operations against the Islamic State.The number of American forces in Iraq has come under increased scrutiny following the death over the weekend of a Marine staff sergeant, the second combat casualty in renewed U.S. operations in Iraq. He was killed when militants launched rockets at a small U.S. base around the city of Makhmour. The existence of the Marine detachment had not been known prior to Staff Sgt. Louis F. Cardin s death.Officials at the Pentagon have declined to specify how Marines are serving at the outpost in northern Iraq, which they described as a satellite base positioned to protect American trainers at a nearby, larger base. Their presence in Iraq highlights the use of forces from Navy ships already in the Middle East. Via: Washington PostObama, Oct. 21, 2011:In a brief appearance at the White House, Mr Obama said:  Today I can report that, as promised, the rest of our troops in Iraq will come home by the end of the year. After nearly nine years, America s war in Iraq will be over. The remaining 40,000 US troops in Iraq, would, he said,  definitely be home for the holidays .He conspicuously declined to repeat the mistake of his predecessor George W Bush, who started the war in March 2003 and displayed a  Mission Accomplished  banner six weeks later, only for Iraq to descend into years of insurgency and sectarian violence that has claimed at least 100,000 civilian lives.Mr Obama however asserted that the  United States is moving forward from a position of strength . The last American soldier will cross the border out of Iraq with their head held high, proud of their service,  he said.The president stressed that he was meeting a withdrawal deadline reached earlier with the Iraqis, as well as keeping a pledge made as a candidate in 2008 to wind down the controversial war as fast as possible.But his statement masked the fact that his administration had wanted to keep a residual force of 4-5,000 beyond the end of the year in a training capacity that would also have acted as a prohibitive presence to neighboring Iran.Despite months of discussions however, it failed to win a continued guarantee of immunity for US troops from prosecution from the Iraqi government. Via: Telegraph",0
20835,OBAMA RACES TO SET GITMO TERRORISTS FREE…Leaves Servicemen Punished For Making “Heat-of-the-battle decisions that saved lives” In Fort Leavenworth,"It s hard to imagine a President who could be more anti-American and more pro-terror than Barack Hussein Obama. And then my mind drifts to Hillary and Benghazi The Obama administration is emptying the military s Guantanamo Bay detention facility of avowed terrorists captured fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq, but several American service members languish in another military prison for actions on those same battlefields that their supporters say merit clemency, if not gratitude.Among the prison population at Fort Leavenworth, in Kansas, are remaining members of the so-called  Leavenworth 10,  convicted service members doing terms ranging from 10 to 40 years for heat-of-the-battle decisions their supporters say saved American lives.[quote_box_center] The very people who protect our freedoms and liberties are having their own freedoms and liberties taken away,  said retired U.S. Army Col. Allen West, a former congressman and political commentator.  I think it s appalling and no one is talking about this issue. [/quote_box_center]The  Leavenworth 10  is the name given to a fluctuating number of men housed at Leavenworth for actions in Iraq and Afghanistan that their supporters say were justified. Over the years, a handful have been paroled, and more have been incarcerated.Among the more well-known cases is that of Army First Lt. Clint Lorance, who is serving a 20-year sentence for ordering his men to shoot two suspected Taliban scouts in July 2012 in the Kandahar Province of Afghanistan. Lorance had just taken command of the platoon after the prior leader and several others were killed days before. The Taliban suspects were on motorcycles and matched descriptions given by a pilot who flew over the area earlier and spotted them as scouts.A Facebook page devoted to Lorance s case has drawn more than 12,000 likes, and supporters have launched a website, FreeClintLorance.com, dedicated to winning his release. A WhiteHouse.gov petition calling for Lorance to be pardoned garnered nearly 125,000 signatures, but the White House has not taken action.Critics say Lorance was given a military trial, and his conviction was based in large part on the testimony of men serving under him.It was September of 2010 when Sgt. Derrick Miller of Maryland, on a combat mission in a Taliban-held area of Afghanistan, was warned the unit s base had been penetrated. An Afghan suspected of being an enemy combatant was brought to Miller for interrogation and wound up dead. Miller claimed the suspect tried to grab his gun and that he shot him in self-defense. But he was convicted and sentenced to life in prison.U.S. Army Master Sgt. John Hatley   a highly decorated, 20-year vet who served in Operation Desert Storm and did another three tours during the Iraq War   also is serving a life sentence at Leavenworth. His conviction stems from an April, 2007, incident in Iraq in which he and his unit captured enemies following a firefight. He radioed a U.S. detention facility to notify officials he was bringing in four prisoners, but was ordered to let them go, according to his legal team.Two years later, a sergeant who had served with Hatley, Jesse Cunningham, was facing charges for assaulting another officer and falling asleep at his post. As leverage for a plea deal, he told investigators that Hatley and two other officers had taken the insurgents to a remote location, blindfolded them and shot each in the back of the head. He claimed their bodies were dumped in a canal, though none was ever found.Hatley, now 47, insists he and his men let the insurgents go, but believes he was punished in the interest of the government s relations with Baghdad. When concerns over appeasing a foreign country are allowed to interfere with justice for the purpose of the U.S. government or the military demonstrating that we, the military or the U.S. government will hold our soldiers accountable using a fatally flawed military judicial system, it doesn t matter what the truth is; it matters only that there is only the appearance of the truth,  he wrote in a message to supporters posted on freeJohnHatley.com.Law experts say military service members face a daunting task once accused of committing crimes in the heat of war. Killing on the battlefield is not the same as [a police officer] killing someone on the streets,  Dan Conway, an attorney who specializes in military law, told FoxNews.com.  When a cop uses force, there s a line of duty investigation. When a soldier uses force, it is investigated as criminal, and non-infantry investigators handle the case, many who have no combat experience. If you had experts handling the investigation, you d have much more balance,  he added.While the military rightly holds its soldiers to a high standard of justice, detainees housed at Guantanamo Bay have been freed even with no mitigating circumstances or reasonable belief of rehabilitation. The release of Gitmo detainees began during the presidency of George W. Bush in 2005 when nearly 200 detainees were released before any tribunals were held.According to a March 2015 memo released by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, of the 647 detainees transferred or released, 17.9 percent were confirmed of re-engaging in extremist activity with another 10.7 percent suspected of doing the same. Via: FOX News",0
20836,EMBARRASSING PICTURE SHOWS GIDDY OBAMA BOWING To Communist Cuban Dictator Raul Castro,"He skips Nancy Reagan and Antonin Scalia s funerals. He pretends not to notice that police officers are being randomly killed across America. But give our Pulitzer Peace Prize recipient a horrendous human rights violator and watch him bow in deep respect.Lest we forget the first time we saw him bow to the Saudi King:And what trip to Cuba would be complete without a picture of our Community Agitator in Chief in front of the repulsive, murderous, revolutionary Che Guevara:Mr. President, you're a disgrace. pic.twitter.com/CNRZk1dm3w  Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) March 21, 2016Only eight more months before this jack-ass is out of our White House for good h/t Weasel Zippers",0
20837,WATCH: NY TOWN REJECTS Pledge Of Allegiance…”Total Waste Of Time”…Could Raise First Amendment Issues,Remember when it wasn t acceptable to be an anti-American in America? It s great to see at least one woman who is standing up with a few others on the board against these anti-Americans who can t be bothered with the pledge. Watch:,0
20838,GEORGE WASHINGTON PROFESSOR On Soros Activists Shutting Down Roads: Why It’s Time To Start “Suing the Bastards”,"Americans better start fighting back against these people who are shutting down our public roads by hitting these thugs where it really hurts in their wallets. Otherwise, we will continue to see increased violence that is being blamed on pro-Trump supporters in the media Anti-Trump activists who protested his planned appearance in Arizona today by blocking a limited access highway and creating a  traffic nightmare  with  cars backed up for miles  [N.Y. Daily News] could be sued in class action law suits for massive damages modeled after suits filed against those who similarly illegally blocked traffic at the George Washington Bridge, and judgments against other illegal protesters, says public interest law professor John Banzhaf.With the mainstream media continuing to blame Trump supporters for the efforts of their opponents to shut down their free speech rights, it may be time to adopt the tactics the left favors to get its way: lawsuits. That s the suggestion of John Banzhaf, a George Washington University law professor who defies categorization politically but is often labeled a  gadfly.   He explains:Anti-Trumpers Block Highway; Face Class Actions For DamagesSuits Filed re Blocked GW Bridge Provide Precedenthttps://t.co/LN17FGakCw  John Banzhaf (@ProfBanzhaf) March 19, 2016Why and How to Sue Anti-Trump Protesters and Other Disruptors""Sue The Disruptors"" More Effective Than Criminal Lawhttps://t.co/9MMiZtE5wq  John Banzhaf (@ProfBanzhaf) March 21, 2016As Banzhaf had predicted and later helped inspire, two different class action law suits seeking millions in civil damages were brought by persons stuck in the massive traffic jams at NYC s GW Bridge which were illegally caused by former aides to Governor Chris Christie.Suing protesters    Suing the Bastards    may be the most effective way to help deter illegal protests, says Banzhaf, noting that slap-on-the-wrist criminal fines usually aren t very effective, especially since it sometimes also helps give illegal protesters a soap box to air their grievances in criminal trials.The lead protester who chained her neck to a pickup truck was George Soros paid operative, Jacinta Gonzalez from New Orleans.But the tide may already be turning, says Banzhaf, citing these examples.When other groups see that the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society has been forced to pay $2.55 million to Japanese companies for illegally using acid and smoke bombs to disrupt their whaling, they may think twice before blocking traffic to advance their agenda, says Banzhaf, who has promoted the idea   and the very slogan   of  Suing the Bastards  when the law is broken.In another example, a student who illegally chained himself to some construction equipment because he opposed an oil pipeline was forced to pay out big bucks for his criminal conduct.As NPR reported it, he was apparently ready to accept a relatively painless conviction for trespass, but not to pay the pipeline company $39,000 in restitution.Similarly, eleven protesters who allegedly engaged in illegal activities at the Mall of American are facing restitution claims from the City of Bloomington.In these and many similar situations, protesters are often willing to accept a small misdemeanor fine and conviction for a chance to focus attention on their cause, especially if it means they get to have a criminal trial which generates even more publicity for them and for their grievance, argues Banzhaf.While most of these actions against criminal protesters have been brought by businesses, there s no reason why similar legal actions cannot also be brought by any person falsely imprisoned on that Arizona highway   as was the case with one of the two GW-Bridge suits.Using the threat of legal actions is a far better and more American way of deterring illegal protests than engaging in physical violence against them, as some Trump supporters have apparently already done, says Banzhaf.Via: PRLOG",0
20839,ASSIMILATION UPDATE: Afghan Muslim Immigrant Living In Germany Makes VIOLENT Rap Video [WATCH],"Wait for the Left to blame micro-aggressions by the insensitive, non-believers on this repulsive video. After all, this poor Muslim man has been forced to live in a country where they have not yet universally accepted Sharia Law. The German women aren t wearing the required Sharia compliant clothing. Why should he have to change his ways, or assimilate with the Germans and their culture? I snipe with the Arabs, the Parisians flee , can be heard, among other things, in this song that mixes the aesthetic standards of rap with the propaganda codes of Islamic State.  I burn the pages of Charlie Hebdo, perforate the pigs (police men) at the Gate of Paris  raps SadiQ in German in this song that multiplies references from jihadists, the Gaza Strip to Sh m (Syria), Guantanamo to the  love  of death.https://youtu.be/RLfBmvpx9vsSadiQ is not unknown across the Rhine. Sadie Zadrande was born in Kabul, Afghanistan in 1988, and arrived in Germany when he was 6 years old. His first album came out in 2012 on the label Halunkenbande, which has nurtured many other German rappers such as Baba Saad or D  Maroc. Via: Le Huffington Post ",0
20840,"AZ POLICE OFFICER Goes To Trump Rally…Shocked At Anti-Trump Protesters Behavior: “Most hateful, evil people that I’ve ever seen”","This police officer is a class act. He went to the Trump rally just to check it out and see what he had to say. He was expecting Trump to be  a lot more radical than he was.  He came in being an undecided voter and left being a Trump supporter. His story mirrors our Trump rally story in Sterling Heights, MI. The people inside the rally waited a long time to see Trump and the room was becoming very hot and uncomfortable. The people in attendance who were there to really hear what he had to say were very respectful of each other. It wasn t until the planted (and likely paid) protesters started screaming at people leaving the event that things got ugly.Brandon Tatum, an officer in the Tucson Police Department, shared a video Saturday night giving his perspective on Donald Trump s campaign rally in Tucson, Arizona   and the disruptive protesters who hurled obscenities at the Republican candidate.Tatum says that as a black man, he did not feel unsafe around Trump s supporters but was ready to fight protesters in self-defense. He calls them the most hateful, evil people he has ever seen. The demonstrators, who he recalls chanting the phrase  Black lives matter,  used profane language and gestures, leading a mother to cover her child s ears.My experience at Donald Trump s rally in Tucson, AZ. #PressPlayPosted by Brandon Tatum on Saturday, 19 March 2016",0
20841,UNHINGED TRUMP PROTESTER Arrested For Slapping Police Officer’s Horse,"How ridiculous is this woman? She slaps a horse and screams in its face. These protesters are simply unhinged! Yesterday, they chained themselves to their cars after they shut down the Arizona highway. None of this behavior wins people over to their side. It just makes them look crazy and irrational. KANSAS CITY, Mo.   A woman in the midst of the protests outside the rally for presidential candidate Donald Trump on March 12 was arrested on Friday for abuse of a police service animal.According to a police report, an officer mounted on horseback was involved in police crowd control outside the Midland Theatre when protesters began moving into the street and blocking traffic, approaching officers on foot. After police verbally instructed the protesters back onto the sidewalk, the crowd continued moving forward and mounted officers moved into position to block the crowd.Police said that s when the suspect, April J. Foster, 29, approached an officer and his horse, Dan, and began screaming in the horse s face in an attempt to scare him. When that did not work, Foster reportedly slapped the horse in the face with an open hand.Read more: FOX 4 KC",0
20842,OPEN BORDERS BERNIE Threatens Sheriff Arpaio For Arresting Illegal Aliens: “Watch out Joe”,"Just what America needs another President who makes up laws to fit his radical agenda, with no regard for the actual laws the rest of America must abide by Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders ripped into Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio at a rally in northern Arizona on Thursday, after facing criticism from the Clinton campaign for an encounter Sanders  wife had with the immigration-hardliner sheriff.The U.S. senator from Vermont said Arpaio s arrests of undocumented immigrants, often separating families, were  outrageous and unconscionable. It s easy for bullies like Sheriff Arpaio to pick on people who have no power,  Sanders said.  If I am elected president   the president of the United States does have power. So watch out, Joe.  Via: USA Today ",0
20843,NYC ANTI-TRUMP RALLY: [VIDEO] Dad Tells Little Kids To Look VETS “In The Eye…We’re Gonna Be Fighting Against Them”…[VIDEO] Brave Trump Supporter Follows Rally With “Soros Funded” Sign,"These  protesters  are only helping to catapult Donald Trump to the Oval Office. The more America gets to see who is against Donald Trump, they more they want him to win. They would have been better off keeping themselves busy, doing what they do best at this time of year finding ways to register dead voters and steal the vote. They made a bad decision to allow the curtain to come back and expose themselves to America. This may possibly be the worst PR move in the history of the Democrat Party. Americans are sick and tired of being pushed around by our radical, progressive Community Organizer and his radical regime for the past seven years.Dad tells kids: ""look at [Veterans for Trump] in the eye  we're gonna be fighting against them  KKK"" #CrushTrump pic.twitter.com/ioENypqcCU  Raheem   (@RaheemKassam) March 19, 2016Trump supporters are trolling the protest #CrushTrump NYC   pic.twitter.com/F6g9NnYZ5Y  Cassandra Fairbanks (@CassandraRules) March 19, 2016The radical NO BORDERS group came out with YUGE banner. Of course the message is written in Spanish:#NYC: #CrushTrump March going thru the park! pic.twitter.com/0sCfSIOfXq  Ash J (@AshAgony) March 19, 2016This guy just wants America to stop giving jobs away to Mexicans.  Hmmm .put Americans first. What a novel idea!This guy told me black people are being put out of work by Mexicans, that's why he's backing Trump #crushtrump pic.twitter.com/ieNMZ3d38G  Raheem   (@RaheemKassam) March 19, 2016Here s what happens when you pay protesters but forget to coach them about why they re actually protesting:This lady would like you to vote for Donald Duck, but she is unclear of @realDonaldTrump's name. #CrushTrump pic.twitter.com/0GXB5CuIO3  Raheem   (@RaheemKassam) March 19, 2016",0
20844,MUSLIM ORGANIZATION With Terrorist Ties Want To Prohibit Police From Protecting Themselves At Planned RNC Riots In Cleveland,"The tax-exempt Muslim group CAIR has ties to terrorism, and spends an enormous amount of energy lobbying to prevent states from disallowing Sharia Law. They re now using their victim status, afforded to the by the left to say police officers facing the potential of mass riots should not be able to protect themselves Muslim activist group, the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), and the American Civil Liberties Union and others have formed a coalition questioning Cleveland police and their plan to use riot response equipment at the upcoming Republican Nation Convention.The groups will hold a press conference Monday to present their demands regarding the city s plans to buy riot equipment ahead of the Republican National Convention in July, The Cleveland Plain-Dealer reports. The city received a $50 million grant to pay for additional security, though it is unclear how all that money will be spent. The groups do not totally oppose riot equipment, but they are calling on the city to be more transparent about how money for security is being spent. They also want all  military type equipment  to be decommissioned after the convention.Really? Why?The city received the grant to buy riot gear, batons, steel barriers and to increase other security after warnings that the convention could see riots. They say the equipment is especially warranted after a series of violent political rallies. A Donald Trump rally in Chicago was cancelled when the crowd got out of control after anti-Trump protesters arrived. Via: Daily CallerOnce the dust settled, last week s protest of a Donald Trump rally in Chicago demonstrated a growing nexus between Islamist groups in the United States and the radical leftist  Black Lives Matter  movement.This rhetoric of unity between these movements was clearly on display at the 2015 joint conference of the 2015 Muslim American Society (MAS) and the Islamic Circle of North America (ICNA). MAS was described by federal prosecutors as the  overt arm  of the U.S. Muslim Brotherhood, and ICNA is recognized as the front for the Pakistani Islamist group Jamaat-e-Islami (JeI) founded by one of the foremost thinkers on modern Jihad, Syed Abul A la Maududi.At the event, MAS leader Khalilah Sabra openly discussed the importance of Muslim support for Black Lives Matter, and urged  revolution.  Comparing the situation in the United States to the Muslim Brotherhood-led Arab Spring revolutions, she asked,  We are the community that staged a revolution across the world; if we can do that, why can t we have that revolution in America? Reporting on this merging  revolutionary  alliance goes back as far as the first outbreak of disorder in Ferguson. Few may recall the attendance at Michael Brown s funeral of CAIR executive director Nihad Awad. Awad was identified in federal court as a member of the Palestine Committee, a covert group of Muslim Brothers dedicated to supporting Hamas in the United States.CAIR joined other groups named by federal law enforcement as Muslim Brotherhood organizations and lined up behind the Ferguson protests.In November of 2014, Fox News reported on an effort by CAIR Michigan Director Dawud Walid to link the death of Michael Brown at the hands of police and the death of Luqman Abdullah, a Detroit imam shot during an FBI raid.Abdullah was described by the FBI as a leader of a nationwide Islamic organization known as  The Ummah,  run by convicted cop-killer Jamil Abdullah Amin. Abdullah s group engaged in criminal activity in order to raise funds in order for an effort to establish Sharia law in opposition to the U.S. government.Amin and CAIR have a long association together, with CAIR providing funding for Amin s legal defense, and issuing numerous press releases in support of the Georgia radical imam and former Black Panther. Via: Counter Jihad Report ",0
20845,BRUTAL Meme Shows EXACTLY What A Hillary Presidency Would Look Like,"This cartoon is one of our all-time favorites. You ve gotta love the note from Bill on the pillow, and the Bernie Sanders voodoo doll on her nightstand is priceless ",0
20846,UNHINGED RADICAL LEFTISTS Try To Storm Trump’s Utah Rally Attacking Police And Secret Service With Rocks [Video],"This Utah protest was planned and organized by the far left. The effort to bring chaos and division is in hyper speed now but has been there since Obama took office. His friends on the left are orchestrating this effort to silence anyone who wants to take America back from these radicals. Every American should be furious at this no matter which candidate you support. Trump IS telling the truth about immigration and the Muslim refugee resettlement. He s doing what no other candidate has done   HE S TELLING THE TRUTH! The globalists and radical leftists are all in on the effort to silence free speech. Nothing is more anti-American than what they are doing! This is a critical time like no other! Please don t back down and don t be afraid. STAND UP TO PUT AMERICA FIRST! The SWAT team had to be called out because the protesters started throwing rocks and were fighting with police:NEW VIDEO: anti trump protesters and police getting rough with each other in Salt Lake City. Sorry it's shaky pic.twitter.com/cgFwyF8zce  Peter Doocy (@pdoocy) March 19, 2016 PROTESTERS TEAR DOWN SECURITY TENT:BREAKING: ugly scene as trump protesters tear down security tent. Officers forcefully pushed back pic.twitter.com/VLEebqVUZA  Peter Doocy (@pdoocy) March 19, 2016  CNN REPORT ON PROTESTERS:""A line of police officers are standing in front of protesters"" at the door of Trump rally. @Boris_Sanchez reports. https://t.co/Y9QyynO9NY  CNN Tonight (@CNNTonight) March 19, 2016  THIS VIDEO IS JUST LOTS OF YELLING BUT I WANT YOU TO HEAR THE SHOUTS OF  VIVA MEXICO  ",0
20847,VIOLENCE DIDN’T HAVE TO ESCALATE: Chicago Police Chief Told Officers To “STAND DOWN” At Trump Rally [VIDEO],"Shades of Baltimore? How can citizens or visitors in Chicago ever feel safe knowing the Chief Of Police would tell his officers to  stand down  when they are faced with a potential powder keg of violence and chaos? How can his officers feel safe knowing they were putting them in harms way? One can t help but wonder how much involvement our very own corrupt Chicago Community Organizer In Chief had to do with the decision to give the paid protesters free reign to terrorize Trump supporters? A union that represents 54 officers from the University of Illinois at Chicago Police Department is speaking out arguing the chaotic Donald Trump rally on campus last week did not have to escalate to an extreme level of disorder and could have continued as planned.The Metropolitan Association of Police Board Director, Ray Violetto, tells Fox News that UIC Police Chief, Kevin Booker, issued unusual stand-down orders including instructions that officers not bring pepper spray or wear dark gloves to the Trump rally items the union officers say are basic and necessary equipment in any type of crowd control.Violetto tells Fox News the UIC police were the agency in charge considering the Trump rally was on the school s campus and that the officers were in charge of policing the inside of the arena. I think the inside is what started that and I think it carried outside,  Violetto told Fox News.  If you watch the inside of the rally there was a pretty large group there that was getting out of control along with the individual that was at the podium. Violetto said officers were also told not to touch anyone or make arrests. The UIC officers say they have been extensively trained in handling crowds and riots and could have adequately controlled the situation that night.Watch how quickly these pockets of paid protesters turned violent and shockingly, how many police officers were put in harms way:The MAP police say not only were they put in physical danger but they also were potentially left open to lawsuits because the three people who officers say they rightfully and legally arrested were let go without explanation as a result of the Chief s no-arrest order.UIC spokesperson Sherri McGinnis Gonzalez denies the officers  claims and says riot gear was available  if needed. In an email, Gonzalez wrote that pepper spray is typically not used inside the campus arena, officers were not given orders not to place their hands on people, and that officers were told not to wear  dark  gloves, which look  aggressive. Violetto argues there are  no white gloves that are out there. Gonzalez also wrote that most of the UIC officers were in full uniform with personal protective gear, with the exception of plain-clothes detectives who provided surveillance and valuable intelligence.These police officers don t look like they re wearing riot gear, or are very well prepared for the violence at all in these very telling videos taken by Chuck Pullen, who happened to be at the scene : CLICK HEREThe University says Booker was on site and in charge of managing all UIC police activity and coordinated with multiple law enforcement agencies during the event. Via: FOX News",0
20848,DEAR KIDS: Socialism Is Not Cool…Socialism Kills [VIDEO],"This video should be viewed by every middle school, high school and college student. Every adult American who truly understands how evil socialism is, yet would still support it in the United States Of America should hang their selfish heads in shame ",0
20849,"ANDREW BREITBART: “I Don’t Care Who Our Candidate Is…I Will March Behind Whoever Our Candidate Is, Because If We Don’t…We LOSE!”[VIDEO]"," There are two paths one is America and the other one is  Occupy (Black Lives Matter). Black, White, gay and straight anyone that s willing to stand next to me to fight the progressive Left, I will be in that bunker. And if you re not in that bunker because you re not satisfied with this candidate  more than shame on you you re on the other side! This is quite possibly the most important message you will hear from now until November 8, 2016.  As we watch Americans tear each other apart on social media and argue about who has chosen the best candidate and why, the Left is busy organizing and finding ways to come together to defeat us.Anyone who is not smart enough to put aside the petty bickering and senseless arguing over whether or not Ted Cruz knew about  fliers someone from his campaign sent out to Iowa voters, or if Donald Trump contributed to Hillary s Senate campaign, deserves exactly what they get.Conservatives wouldn t get behind John McCain because he wasn t conservative enough. Tea Party members wouldn t get behind Mitt Romney because he was born with a silver spoon in his mouth, so he couldn t possibly understand the average American. Or maybe they couldn t get behind him because he supported universal health care in Massachusetts, making him the equivalent of Obama. So how did that work out for you? Was Barack a better choice in 2008 than McCain? Was he a better choice in 2012 than Mitt Romney?If Romney was our President, would we be watching the resurgence of the violent anarchist Occupy movement? Would Black Lives Matter terrorists and various radical Illegal Alien groups, be rioting across the nation and meeting with our President at our White House to strategize their next move?While we tear each other apart, these groups are busy organizing and plotting ways they can threaten and punish anyone who gets in the way of their radical, progressive agenda. And what are Trump and Cruz supporters doing to counter them? They re fighting amongst themselves. They re busy pounding their chests and proclaiming how much smarter they are than their friends on social media. If we are ever going to take this country back for our sake, and the sake of our children and grandchildren, we need to put aside our differences, however minor or major they may be and come together to fight as one team.Trump and Cruz are the only two candidates who have a chance of winning the Republican nomination, and they are both fighters. Neither one of them blink in the face of radicals like Bernie Sanders, Hillary or Barack Hussein Obama. They have fought back against a media who is not used to being called out for their lies or misrepresentations of the truth. The Democrat Party is shaking in their boots. For the first time in decades, the Left is finding themselves with their backs against the wall. This is no time to let up. This is exactly the time we need to come together and redouble our efforts. There has never been a more important time in our nation s history to fight back against those who choose to fundamentally transform America.Please watch one of the most powerful speeches you will ever hear from a liberal, turned conservative warrior. Andrew Breitbart was taken from this earth much too soon, but his compelling words ring more true today than ever. He gave this inspirational speech at CPAC in 2012. Here is the most important snippet of that speech: ",0
20850,"FAISAL MOHAMMAD HAD ISIS FLAG, ISLAMIC Themed Manifesto, Stabbed 4 College Students, Wanted “to cut someone’s head off”…FBI Rules Out “Terrorism”","Why does our government continue to go out of their way to downplay acts of terror in America? This is just another shocking example of a government agency ignoring red flag after red flag in an attempt to sugar coat an attack by an extreme Muslim against innocent Americans   More than four months after a black-clad loner with an Islamist-themed manifesto and a printed ISIS flag in his backpack stabbed four people on a California college campus, the FBI wrapped up its investigation Thursday by saying  it may never be possible to definitively determine  what motivated the bloody rampage.The inconclusive findings from the probe of the Nov. 4, 2015 attack at the University of California Merced campus followed months of hesitation by local and federal law enforcement to link Faisal Mohammad s stabbing spree to terrorism. Every indication is that Mohammad acted on his own; however, it may never be possible to definitively determine why he chose to attack people on the UC Merced campus,  the FBI s Sacramento office said in a statement that avoided calling the attack an act of terrorism.[quote_box_center] They go to great lengths to avoid the obvious, that is calling it what it is: Radical Islamic terrorism.  Patrick Dunleavy, terrorism expert[/quote_box_center]Critics say it followed a pattern in which the federal government downplays domestic terrorism even when there are seemingly obvious links. The flag, the manifesto annotated with reminders to pray to Allah in between stabbings   all reported in November by FoxNews.com, yet not confirmed by the FBI until this week, pointed early on to the 18-year-old Mohammad having been radicalized, say terrorism experts. Even the stabbings themselves, which came as a wave of terrorist blade attacks occurred in Israel, were indicators of an extremist motivation, say experts. The Department of Justice is avoiding stating the obvious, which is that an individual who commits violence in the name of ISIS is a terrorist,  said Ryan Mauro, national security analyst for the New York-based nonprofit terrorism research institute Clarion Project.  If someone commits violence and has an ISIS flag and jihadist manifesto in their backpack, they are telling you what their motive was. It s as iron-clad as a suicide note. Mohammad was shot and killed by campus police near the classroom where his attack began. All of his victims have recovered. In my opinion, this is domestic terrorism at the very least,  said John Price, father of Byron Price, a construction manager who was stabbed as he intervened in the attack.  I am glad the FBI investigation did not find any links to outside terror groups, but Faisal Mohammed clearly paid attention when the Islamic State called for these kinds of lone wolf stabbing attacks. In the days following the attack, local and federal law enforcement repeatedly claimed in a series of press conferences that Mohammed was motivated by being excluded from a study group. FoxNews.com, citing documents obtained through a Freedom of Information Act request, reported in November that the narrative clashed with the account his roommate gave Merced County Sheriff s detectives.[quote_box_center]Ali Tarek Elshekh s told detectives Mohammed was  a loner  and  an extreme Muslim,  who threatened to kill another student if he touched his prayer rug, and who dressed all in black before leaving his dorm to try to kill his fellow students.[/quote_box_center]Both the FBI and campus police have declined for months to provide copies of Mohammed s manifesto and the photocopied ISIS flag to FoxNews.com, turning down numerous Freedom of Information Act requests by claiming the investigation was ongoing.Merced County Sheriff Vern Warnke, who initially was involved in the investigation and told FoxNews.com about the manifesto and some of its language, has since refused more than a dozen requests for comment on the case, and also declined to respond to a FOIA requested submitted by FoxNews.com. Via: FOX News ",0
20851,KING OBAMA ASKS TAXPAYERS To Increase His Post-Presidency Pay,"America s gotta keep 5-Star Mooch, her lovely daughters and of course, her tax-payer funded mommy in the lifestyle they ve become accustomed to President Obama sought to increase the amount of money available for the federal government to spend on former presidents in advance of his White House exit.In his budget requests for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, Obama proposed hikes in the appropriations for expenditures of former presidents, according to a report from the Congressional Research Service published Wednesday.The report, which discusses the pensions and other federal benefits offered to former commanders-in-chief by way of the Former Presidents Act, specifies that Obama s 2017 budget proposes a nearly 18 percent hike in appropriations for expenditures of former presidents. He successfully requested an increase in such appropriations for fiscal year 2016. The President s FY2017 budget request seeks $3,865,000 in appropriations for expenditures for former Presidents, an increase of $588,000 (17.9%) from the FY2016 appropriation level. The increase in requested appropriations for FY2017 anticipates President Barack Obama s transition from incumbent to former President,  the report reads. For FY2016, President Obama requested and received appropriations of $3,277,000 for expenditures for former Presidents an increase of $25,000 from FY2015 appropriated levels. The Former Presidents Act, enacted in 1958, provides living former presidents with a pension, office staff and support, funds for travel, Secret Service protection, and mailing privileges. It also provides benefits for presidential spouses. Currently, former presidents are awarded a pension equal to the salary of cabinet secretaries, which totaled $203,700 for the 2015 calendar year and was boosted by $2,000 for the current calendar year.Via: FOX News",0
20852,WOW! WATCH OBAMA’S 5 MOST Threatening Comments Against Americans,"A young patriot made this video to show the hypocrisy of Obama and the media who protects him.  He correctly points out the double standard in the media and in America when it comes to Barack and the divisive, hateful rhetoric he s been allowed to get away with for eight long years:",0
20853,IS HILLARY ABOUT TO BE “BERNED?”…Obama Tells Donors To Back Hillary…But Can Hillary Win Without The “FREE College” Voters?,"Hillary is failing miserably with the young voters. In her wildest dreams, she couldn t have imagined running neck-and-neck with  a 74 year old rumpled Socialist. More importantly, she couldn t have imagined Sanders would run away with the youth vote. Bernie Sanders has endeared throngs of young voters by offering taxpayer funded  Free sh*t,  but in the last few rounds of primary votes, it appears that isn t enough, as he continues to fall behind the candidate who is under FBI investigation. It sure makes one wonder what  dirt  Hillary is holding over Obama s head, as this recent shift of allegiance to team Hillary comes as a surprise to many. It s been pretty clear for the past seven years that there is no love lost between Barack and the Clinton s.In unusually candid remarks, President Obama privately told a group of Democratic donors last Friday that Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont was nearing the point at which his campaign against Hillary Clinton would end, and that the party must soon come together to back her.Mr. Obama acknowledged that Mrs. Clinton was perceived to have weaknesses as a candidate, and that some Democrats did not view her as authentic.But he played down the importance of authenticity, noting that President George W. Bush   whose record he ran aggressively against in 2008   was once praised for his authenticity.Mr. Obama made the remarks after reporters had left a fund-raising event in Austin, Tex., for the Democratic National Committee. The comments were described by three people in the room for the event, all of whom were granted anonymity to describe a candid moment with the president. The comments were later confirmed by a White House official.Mr. Obama chose his words carefully, and did not explicitly call on Mr. Sanders to quit the race, according to those in the room. Still, those in attendance said in interviews that they took his comments as a signal to Mr. Sanders that perpetuating his campaign, which is now an uphill climb, could only help the Republicans recapture the White House.Mr. Obama s message came at a critical juncture for Mr. Sanders, who had just upset Mrs. Clinton in the Michigan primary and has been trying to convince Democrats that his campaign is not over, despite Mrs. Clinton s formidable lead in delegates. Via: NYT sSen. Bernard Sanders  call for a political revolution has resonated with a growing segment of Democratic voters who are committed to his message   but who, party leaders fear, will walk if he s not the eventual presidential nominee.Some of those voters tell pollsters they doubt they could support Hillary Clinton, Mr. Sanders  chief competition for the party s nod, saying she s part of the very establishment the maverick Vermont senator is fighting against. Other Democrats say Mrs. Clinton would only earn their grudging support, leaving the party fearful of a catastrophic split. Via: Washington Times I don t think there s going to be a lot of change  if Clinton wins, said Cronk, 21. Like many younger voters, he s especially alarmed by income inequality, the issue that Sanders has made a centerpiece of his campaign.  The Clintons don t really stand in that position very well.Clinton s weakness with younger voters has stood out consistently this year   she lost Democratic primary voters who are aged 18 to 29 by 70 points in Iowa, 68 points in New Hampshire and 25 points on Super Tuesday, when she won seven of the 11 states in play for Democrats. Hillary s weakness with millennials has to be very worrisome for the Democratic Party,  said Simon Rosenberg, president of the New Democrat Network, a center-left advocacy group.  What you re seeing is the millennial generation has essentially seceded from the Democratic establishment. Obama s presidential campaigns showed the power of voters under 30, who gave him 2-1 support in both 2008 and 2012. In 2016, even more millennials than Baby Boomers are eligible to vote, and they make up a large share of potential voters in battleground states such as Ohio, Pennsylvania and Iowa, demographers say.For months, Clinton tried to connect with younger voters through famous supporters such as singer Katy Perry and actor Lena Dunham. She embraced the anti-police-brutality movement Black Lives Matter, spearheaded by young African-Americans, and vowed to expand President Obama s deportation relief for young people in the country illegally and their families. She promised debt-free college for all, only to be one-upped by Sanders  pledge of free college for all.Clinton has acknowledged she s fallen short, saying she has to work harder to convince young people she will help them. When an Iowa college student asked her in January why so many other youths found her dishonest, Clinton blamed decades of Republican attacks. Via: Florida Politics",0
20854,SHOCKING VIDEO: Chicago Reporters Infiltrate Violent Leftist Protests Against Donald Trump,THIS IS SHOCKING! Two reporters from Rebel Pundit infiltrate a Donald Trump protest only to find it has NOTHING to do with Trump but is a MUCH BIGGER leftist anarchist plan: ,0
20855,OBAMA CRITICIZES TRUMP For Comments About Illegals And Muslim Refugees…But What About THIS Video Of Obama’s Top 5 Most Violent Quotes About AMERICAN CITIZENS?,"President Obama, who as a candidate once urged supporters to  bring a gun  to the knife fight of his campaign, on Tuesday decried  vicious  rhetoric from Republican presidential candidates.Here is a great compilation of Obama s top 5 hits on his opponent (50% of America). Can you imagine the comments that haven t been recorded, like at the recent meeting with Black Lives Matter terrorists who were invited guests of Barack Obama s, coincidentally just prior to the organized Chicago Trump rally riots?During the annual  Friends of Ireland  luncheon at the U.S. Capitol, Mr. Obama told a bipartisan group of lawmakers that he is  more than a little dismayed about what s happening on the campaign trail lately. Never one to miss out on the opportunity to bash his enemies our very un-statesman like Community Organizer In Chief took the opportunity when speaking in front of the Prime Minister of Ireland to not talk about relations with Ireland, but instead, to bash Donald Trump. He made it clear to this group who has absolutely nothing to do with our elections, that he is watching his every move Trump makes and will use every opportunity, no matter how inappropriate, to damage his reputation. Probably the most sickening and dishonest part of this video is when Obama begrudgingly tells Speaker Of The House, Paul Ryan (R) that, I know you are a great father and a great husband  and that, We can have political debates without turning on each other  at the 7:45 mark: We have heard vulgar and divisive rhetoric aimed at women and minorities   at Americans who don t look like  us,  or pray like  us  or vote like we do,  Mr. Obama said in an obvious reference to Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump.  We ve seen misguided attempts to shut down that speech, however offensive it may be. In response to those attempts, we ve seen actual violence, and we ve heard silence from too many of our leaders. As he has increasingly in recent days, Mr. Obama lamented  any effort to spread fear or encourage violence, or to shut people down when they re trying to speak, or turn Americans against one another. As a citizen who will still be leading this office, I will not support somebody who practices that kind of politics,  the president said.But as a candidate for the White House in 2008, Mr. Obama was no stranger to violent rhetoric. He encouraged the notion that he was a product of Chicago s particularly tough brand of politics.At a campaign event in Philadelphia in June 2008, Mr. Obama told supporters,  If they bring a knife to the fight, we bring a gun. Because from what I understand, folks in Philly like a good brawl. I ve seen Eagles fans. Later that year, as polls showed a close race between Mr. Obama and Republican nominee John McCain, Mr. Obama urged a crowd of about 1,500 at a campaign rally in Elko, Nevada, to get confrontational in their community for him. I need you to go out and talk to your friends and talk to your neighbors,  Mr. Obama said.  I want you to talk to them whether they are independent or whether they are Republican. I want you to argue with them and get in their face. The president on Tuesday seemed to be referring to such comments of his own when he remarked,  All of us can recall some intemperate words that we regret. Certainly, I can. And while some may be more to blame than others for the current climate, all of us are responsible for reversing it. Via: Washington Times",0
20856,ANOTHER CLINTON CASUALTY? Activist MURDERED After Openly Blaming HILLARY For Meddling Role In Honduran Coup [VIDEO],"When far left publications like Democracy Now and Global Research start questioning Hillary s involvement in the murder of Honduran environmental activist, Berta C ceres, there is probably good reason to look a little deeper into the controversy. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is facing a new round of questions about her handling of the 2009 coup in Honduras that ousted democratically elected President Manuel Zelaya. Since the coup, Honduras has become one of the most violent places in the world. Last week, indigenous environmental activist Berta C ceres was assassinated in her home.Before her murder on March 3, Berta C ceres, a Honduran indigenous rights and environmental activist, named Hillary Clinton, holding her responsible for legitimating the 2009 coup.  We warned that this would be very dangerous,  she said, referring to Clinton s effort to impose elections that would consolidate the power of murderers.Berta C ceres was an award-winning land activist, a leader in her community and a mother of four. She was shot four times while in bed, at 1am on 2 March. As a founding member of the Civic Council of Indigenous and Popular Organizations of Honduras (COPINH), C ceres fought against logging, hydro-power and mining projects threatening indigenous people in Honduras. Her death has exposed the poor judgement of  impact investor  bank FMO, the bully tactics of mining corporations, and  murky situations  from Clinton s time as Secretary of State. We re coming out of a coup that we can t put behind us. We can t reverse it,  C ceres said.  It just kept going. And after, there was the issue of the elections. The same Hillary Clinton, in her book,  Hard Choices,  practically said what was going to happen in Honduras. Via: Democracy NowThe military coup in 2009 did nothing to protect Honduran land or people. President Manuel Zelaya had moved towards grassroots social movements,  the kinds of social reforms that the United States has always opposed  (Chomsky), and deals with Venezuela. The military kidnapped President Zelaya at gunpoint and flew him out of the country in his pyjamas. This was certainly a coup d etat and was defined as such by the UN, the EU and other Latin America nations and dictionaries everywhere.As Obama s Secretary of State, Clinton refused to call what had happened a  coup  in public. Doing so would have automatically cut off US non-humanitarian aid to Honduras. Members of Clinton s own party wrote to Barak Obama about the outrage. But Hillary did not relent, despite being informed that the coup question was an  open and shut  case in US embassy cables.In a video interview, given in Buenos Aires in 2014, C ceres says it was Clinton who helped legitimate and institutionalize the coup. In response to a question about the exhaustion of the opposition movement (to restore democracy), C ceres says (around 6:10):  The same Hillary Clinton, in her book Hard Choices, practically said what was going to happen in Honduras. This demonstrates the bad legacy of North American influence in our country. The return of Mel Zelaya to the presidency (that is, to his constitutionally elected position) was turned into a secondary concern. There were going to be elections.  Clinton, in her position as secretary of state, pressured (as her emails show) other countries to agree to sideline the demands of C ceres and others that Zelaya be returned to power. Instead, Clinton pushed for the election of what she calls in Hard Choices a  unity government.  But C ceres says:  We warned that this would be very dangerous.  The elections took place under intense militarism, and enormous fraud. The Clinton-brokered election did indeed install and legitimate a militarized regime based on repression. In the interview, C ceres says that Clinton s coup-government, under pressure from Washington, passed terrorist and intelligence laws that criminalized political protest. C ceres called it  counterinsurgency,  carried out on behalf of  international capital mostly resource extractors that has terrorized the population, murdering political activists by the high hundreds.  Every day,  C ceres said elsewhere,  people are killed. Interestingly, Hillary Clinton removed the most damning sentences regarding her role in legitimating the Honduran coup from the paperback edition of Hard Choices.According to Bel n Fern ndez, Clinton airbrushed out of her account exactly the passage C ceres highlights for criticism:  We strategized on a plan to restore order in Honduras and ensure that free and fair elections could be held quickly and legitimately, which would render the question of Zelaya moot and give the Honduran people a chance to choose their own future  (see Fern ndez s essay in Liza Featherstone s excellent False Choices: The Faux Feminism of Hillary Rodham Clinton).Aside from Hard Choices  shape-shifting account of the crisis, Clinton has ignored criticism of her role in enabling the consolidation of the Honduran coup. That is, until C ceres s murder forced a response. Last week, her campaign answered my Nation post on her broader responsibility for C ceres s execution:  simply nonsense,  a spokesperson said:  Hillary Clinton engaged in active diplomacy that resolved a constitutional crisis and paved the way for legitimate democratic elections. We still don t have a clear idea of the events surrounding C ceres s murder. There is one witness, Gustavo Castro, a Mexican national, activist, and journalist, who was with C ceres when gunmen burst into her bedroom. Berta died in his arms. Castro was himself shot twice, but survived by playing dead.The Honduran government that  unity government  Clinton is proud of has Castro in lockdown, refusing him contact with the outside world. Via: The NationIn Clinton s memoir, she admits thatIn the subsequent days [after the coup] I spoke with my counterparts around the hemisphere, including Secretary [Patricia] Espinosa in Mexico We strategized on a plan to restore order in Honduras and ensure that free and fair elections could be held quickly and legitimately, which would render the question of Zelaya moot.Clinton s emails revealed that she played a crucial role, delaying any action that could quickly restore Zelaya.Grahame Russell from Rights Action is not alone in describing the coup as  US and Canadian-backed . Media Lens has bemoaned the under-reporting of Hillary Clinton s connection to the state of affairs in Honduras in the US print media, as has FAIR. But it is online. The Nation ran an article titled, The Clinton-backed Honduran Regime is picking-off indigenous leaders the day after C ceres  murder.The Clintons have a great ally in Canadian billionaire Frank Giustra. Along with media outlets, Giustra has gold mining interests in Africa. He is known in the industry as a  mining promoter  and presumably connects investors and miners. Although Bill and Frank like to fly around Latin America, and do philanthropic work together, Bill did bump into Frank in Kazakhstan when Frank was doing a spot of uranium shopping.The Clintons  connection with the Canadian mining magnate is labeled a threat to her campaign by Bloomberg Politics. Certainly, The Clintons  ties to big business have dogged her campaign, and many democrats are uncomfortable with her performance as Secretary of State. Revelations about the Clinton Foundation do little to dispel the image of Hillary as an entrenched member of the establishment   let alone the oligarch hegemony. Given that her nomination looks increasingly insecure, C ceres  murder is untimely for them both. Via: Global Research",0
20857,NC TEACHER SIGNS UP FIRST GRADERS For Black Lives Matter Protest With No Consent," This so-called movement is out of control and it s not even clear what the end game is here. This teacher should be fired for exposing the children to this idiotic stuff! A Durham, North Carolina teacher signed up six year-olds for a Black Lives Matter protest without their parents  consent.Central Park School for Children in Durham, North Carolina has enrolled grade-school students in a  Black Lives March and Rally  scheduled for March 17, 2016. The teachers can opt-in or opt-out their classes, but parents have not been given a choice.Stef Bernal-Martinez, a teacher of 6-year-old children, signed up all the children in her class for a  Black Lives March and Rally  to take place during the school day, at the city s downtown Central Park and Farmer s Market. Ms. Bernal-Martinez describes herself as a  Radical Queer Progressive Educator  and  white-passing Xicana. The event, like the Black Lives Matter movement itself, is less a spontaneous protest movement than a divide-and-conquer campaign by elite leftists. Two out of three African-Americans prefer the hrase  All Lives Matter  to  Black Lives Matter  according to a national August, 2015 Rasmussen poll. The grade school is predominantly Caucasian, but run by radical leftists. Naturally the school didn t send the parents consent forms.Read more: Daily Caller",0
20858,WATCH VETERAN Embarrass Trump Hater In Kansas City When She Can’t Explain Her Own Sign,"This veteran exposes Trump hating protester in Kansas City when he asks her to explain why Trump is a  racist,  and why defending our borders as part of our national security is a bad thing.Trump supporter schools a protester in Kansas City #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgainPosted by Jacob T. Honeycutt on Saturday, 12 March 2016",0
20859,"MICHELLE, SASHA AND MALIA Will Join Barack On Trip To Communist Cuba…Why Not, It’s Only The Taxpayer’s Money","The Obama s just added millions onto the taxpayer s tab for the trip to Cuba that Barack was going on until they just announced the entire family will tag along The Obamas have been famous for their lavish spending on trips and have racked up a big bill that the taxpayers are on the hook for. We know that they pay for some of the travel BUT most of the travel is on us. The known total expense to the American taxpayers thus far for all Obama travel is now $70,880,035.78! Here s a list of the FIRST FAMILY VACATIONS WITH THE COST FOR EACH: OBAMA FAMILY VACATIONSWhy doesn t Barack go alone since this sounds like a business trip? At least he ll be able to show his girls the horrible results of decades of communism come to think of it, it might be worth it!First Lady Michelle Obama and daughters Sasha and Malia will be joining President Barack Obama next week on his historic trip to Cuba.Obama will open his visit late on Sunday by touring cultural sites in Old Havana along with Michelle, Sasha and Malia. Cardinal Jaime Ortega will also host the Obamas at the Havana Cathedral.The President then plans to use a speech in Havana to lay out a vision of greater freedoms and more economic opportunity in Cuba, White House officials said on Wednesday, offering a glimpse of how the President hopes to use his trip to encourage change on the communist island. Obama s speech on Tuesday at the Grand Theater of Havana will mark a moment that seemed unimaginable only a few years ago, before Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro moved to restore relations between the two estranged countries.Obama s advisers said they hoped Cubans would be able to watch the speech live on television, adding that Obama sought not to dictate outcomes but create the space for Cuba to change on its own.  Ultimately he will make clear that that s for the Cuban people to decide,  said Ben Rhodes, Obama s deputy national security adviser.  We have great confidence in the ability of the Cuban people to do extraordinary things.  During his three-day trip to Cuba   the first to the country by a sitting president in 88 years   Obama will also meet with Castro at the Palace of the Revolution and attend a Major League Baseball exhibition game.His much-anticipated meeting with Cuban dissidents will include prominent members of the government s opposition, Rhodes said, stressing that the United States and not Cuba was deciding who would attend. The President will lay a wreath on Monday at the Memorial to Jose Marti, the Cuban independence hero, before meeting with Castro in his offices along the famed Plaza of the Revolution. The White House said human rights, regional issues and ways to improve Cubans  standard of living were all on the agenda, with the leaders expected to address reporters after their meeting. Obama planned to meet with US and Cuban entrepreneurs in a bid to boost Cuba s nascent private-sector economy. Castro was to host the President for a state dinner at the palace on Monday evening.Despite Cuban leaders  view of such meetings as interference in the island s internal affairs, Rhodes said there was no reason to believe the government would block any invitees from participating.  If there are any impediments to that meeting we would be very clear about this,  Rhodes said. He declined to name any of those who would attend. Dozens of US lawmakers, including a handful of Republicans, will travel with the President to Cuba along with US business leaders and some Cuban-Americans, officials said, arguing that their inclusion reflected growing support in the United States for lifting the generations-old embargo. Yet there are few signs that Congress will agree to repeal the sanctions anytime soon. Following his Cuba swing, Obama will travel to Buenos Aires to meet with new Argentinian President Mauricio Macri, who took office in December pledging to reverse many of the policies of his predecessor, Cristina Fernandez. Obama has said that Fernandez s policies were  consistently anti-American  and praised Macri for recognizing that  we re in a new era.  In Argentina, Obama will meet next Wednesday with Macri at the Casa Rosada presidential office before laying a wreath and touring the Buenos Aires Metropolitan Cathedral. He ll also hold a town hall meeting with young people before being feted at a state dinner. He planned to visit the picturesque city of Bariloche in Argentina s Patagonia region on Thursday before returning to Washington.Read more: Daily Mail",0
20860,"OBAMA’S BLACK LIVES MATTER Terrorists Join People Who Are Living In Our Country ILLEGALLY, UNIONS, ANARCHISTS And MUSLIMS To Threaten America With MASSIVE Riots","Come hell or high water, the Occupy movement is going to have their voices heard while our Community Organizer in Chief occupies our White House. Pretty much every hate-America and  victim  group will be taking part in these acts of  civil disobedience  they re planning. These groups know how critically important it is to take action while they have an ally in the White House. They are prepared to do whatever it takes to ensure Republicans are unable to unravel the radical, progressive and unconstitutional acts of Barack Hussein Obama.Friday night in Chicago, at the site of the Donald Trump rally, we were awakened to what America will be like if we continue to kowtow to the radicalized left and their violent intimidation tactics to shut down Constitutionally protected speech. Theirs is not a protest movement. It is pure anarchy.After eight years under President Obama, the totalitarian enemies of freedom know they have our Constitutional Republic on the ropes now they re going for the throat.Go HERE for videos for a preview of the organized resistance that took place outside of the Trump rally in Chicago.Breitbart   With little fanfare and almost no news media attention, some of the same radical groups involved in shutting down Donald Trump s Chicago rally last week are plotting a mass civil disobedience movement to begin next month.They intend to march across the East Coast in order to spark a  fire that transforms the political climate in America. The operation, calling itself Democracy Spring, is threatening  drama in Washington  with the  largest civil disobedience action of the century.  The radicals believe this will result in the arrest of thousands of their own activists. We will demand that Congress listen to the People and take immediate action to save our democracy. And we won t leave until they do   or until they send thousands of us to jail,  the website for Democracy Spring declares, channeling rhetoric from the Occupy movement.The group is backed by numerous organizations, including the George Soros-funded groups MoveOn.org, the Institute for Policy Studies, and Demos.Another group endorsing Democracy Spring is the Democratic Socialists of America (DSA). The DSA s Chicago branch drove protesters to last weekend s nixed Chicago Trump event, as this reporter exposed.The AFL-CIO, the nation s largest labor federation, announced in a press release earlier this month it is  all in behind Democracy Spring,  perhaps indicating significant mobilization.Next month s Democracy Spring chaos is set to begin with a meetup on April 2 at the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia.From the Trump rally riot organizers website:[quote_box_center]Stand with All Immigrants, Muslims and People of Color! Shut Down White Supremacy!Spread the word. Organize everyone you can and get them to this very important protest. Everywhere Trump goes he and his racist mob must be shut down by the people!We must take the Trump campaign seriously. The racist and reactionary presidential campaign of Donald Trump has brought out many thousands of people to rallies across the country and sparked a very dangerous mass movement with white supremacy at its core.This type of movement must be met with the largest resistance of the people possible anywhere it raises up its putrid head. What is needed right now is for thousands of people in Chicago to descend on the UIC Pavilion and help spark a united mass movement against racism, Islamophobia and attacks on immigrants.[/quote_box_center]These radical anarchist Riot-Starters have come out from the underground, ready to seize their prize. The presidential election process is very germane to our Republic; if it is stopped, so too is our liberty, our representative system, our way of life.Some on the right and in the conservative media are trying to find ways to appease the Riot-Starters. They are walking on eggshells in the hopes of avoiding the truth of our situation. There is no palatable neutral, no safe space or  toning down  of rhetoric that can help us negotiate our way out of this conflict.These are rebellions brought on by anarchists who show up with the intent to create chaos. They live and breathe violence and disorder and will not be placated except for silencing those with whom they disagree. Their presence is a threat to ordered liberty in the United States.This totalitarian movement of Riot-Starters is made up of a patchwork quilt of cop-haters, criminals, anarchists in general, university students, and organized labor. Along the way to these rallies, they pick up and encourage people to get involved. This is why you see university students, juveniles, and criminals as useful tools of the professional organizers. It is stealth by nature; this rebellion is a wolf in a sheep s clothing, duping people along the way.We need to stop blaming the victim and muster the courage to stand up to this very dangerous movement. This has nothing to do with an individual candidate s policy positions or rhetoric. It has everything to do with Trump and his supporters  right to assemble peaceably.The law-abiding men and women who showed up at the rally and wanted to participate, including the candidate, had their civil rights, as afforded by the Constitution, violated. They didn t start this, but I don t expect them to back down, either.What I expect   and frankly, what all Americans should expect of each other   is that when we exercise our Constitutional rights and people try to intimidate us or shut us down, we don t give in. This event was nothing compared to what will happen at the Republican convention in Cleveland, and it is designed to intimidate.The President of the United States is the one responsible for creating this division in America, stoking up racial discord, class warfare and gender warfare for the last eight years.If these anarchists truly cared about violence or hate, they would have been on the South Side of Chicago Friday night protesting against the current state of street violence there: in a 24-hour period last week 20 people were shot, 2 people murdered; in the just the first two months of this year 467 people have been shot leaving nearly 100 dead.Suggesting that Donald Trump  tone it down  is farcical and misidentifies the goals of the Riot-Starters. No one is to blame except in the sense that we cherish the very thing that these anarchists detest: Freedom. The Riot-Starters will only be placated if they make us so fearful that we give up our First Amendment rights.Law-abiding Americans must not and cannot back down to these freedom-squashing goons. It is time for all of us to understand just what our enemies want to achieve   chaos and fear   and to rally around the fundamental truths of the Constitution.Our ordered liberty is at stake. At some point the Founders said,  that s enough. We re going to have go to war over this. Stand up and fight. Neutrality or appeasement amounts to endorsement. Self-flagellation over language or rhetoric cedes to the left s false narrative. There is no safe space here. You either fight or you re going to live under a totalitarian regime.An Op-Ed by Democrat Sheriff David Clarke",0
20861,WATCH THE CRIMINAL HISTORY OF HILLARY AND BILL: Clinton Insider Explains Their Crimes And Why They Never Got Caught,Everything you ever wanted to know about Hillary and Bill and their criminal past is in this video. How did they get away with so much? Why have they never been punished for their crimes? Many of the answers can be found in the video below. This is the full length movie. Part I can be seen below.https://youtu.be/t63iS7nep3sClinton Chronicles Part I: ,0
20862,WATCH: HARVARD STUDENTS Caught On Tape Saying White People Should Kill Themselves For Having “White Privilege”,"Is there a worse crime than being a white male in America? Unless you re a gay male, you have no victim protection. So technically, in a liberals world your life has no real value. It s hard to argue with these  bright  Harvard students who say things like, Your life  ain t  worth it.  I m pretty sure the student featured in this video s parents (if they had to pay the $57,000 tuition tab that  privileged  kids parents have to pay) wouldn t be too happy about his clearly underdeveloped language skills. Why does white life have value? Our argument is that we should never affirm white life. So, should he kill himself? I don t see why not. Why should he do that? How does that help? It s ethical. How is it ethical? We all have some form or another of privilege. Why does that mean we should kill ourselves Because you have WHITE privilege. Why does having white privilege necessarily mean I should kill myself? Why shouldn t I like struggle against the structure thing? Struggling against the structure means putting yourself on the line, putting your body on the line. Do it. Affirmative suicide,  I mean, it s one little step in the right direction Watch: White life is wrong,  Feliciano was quoted as saying by Infowars.com.  Our argument is that we should never affirm white life. White life is based off black subjugation. When a white debater asked Feliciano whether he should commit suicide, Feliciano said  I don t see why not, it s ethical. When the white debater suggested that it might be better to remain alive and fight the social forces that promote  white privilege,  Feliciano rejects the notion.Ironically, the debate topic was supposed to be about renewable energy. The black debaters simply  chose  to point out their opponents  skin color and begin advocating genocide,  reported InvestmentWatchdogBlog.com.  They expressly stated that these were their  sincere beliefs,  not just an argument to win a debate. Feliciano and Davis are not some anonymous student crackpots posing as serious debaters.They form a respected two-person debate team that took second place at the 2013 Cross-Examination Debate Association Nationals, according to Infowars.com.Feliciano also acts as an instructor at the Eddie Conway Liberation Institute, an annual debate camp at Coppin State University that reportedly instructs high school students on debate strategy and radical thought, Infowars reported.The institute is named after former Black Panther Party member Eddie Conway, who was convicted and imprisoned for 44 years for his involvement with the 1970 murder of a Baltimore police officer. Via:EAG News ",0
20863,"RAPPER Who Met With Obama In White House To Strategize, Tweets Threat: “Dear white people if Trump wins young niggas such as myself are fully hell bent on inciting riots everywhere we go”","A little over one year ago, radical activist, and rapper, Tef Poe was sitting in our White House discussing strategy with our Community Organizer in Chief. Today, he s taken to Twitter to warn White Americans that their support for Donald Trump won t happen without paying a heavy price. In his tweets, he promises violence and spews hate from every pore of his racist body. Yes, these are the types of people Barack Hussein Obama has meeting with him in our White House to discuss  strategy.  When you consider all of the important and historical world figures who have met with former Presidents in our White House, it should cause every American to pause and wonder what kind of monster is residing at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave today.https://twitter.com/TefPoe/status/710167227627147266In December, 2014, President Obama invited several youth activists to the White House to discuss #Ferguson, police brutality, race and more.A day after meeting with President Obama, some of those very activists Ashley Yates, Tef-Poe, T-Dubb-O, James Hayes, Jose Lopez, and Phillip Agnew held a conference call to discuss their feelings following speaking with the president. Via: EbonyTrump wins aint no more rules fammo. We've been too nice as is.  Creating. (@TefPoe) March 16, 2016Even a clock is correct twice a day:She built a political career off the blood and pain of innocent people, now thinks she deserves thanks #DemTownHall https://t.co/Yjl48HVPwj  People For Bernie (@People4Bernie) March 14, 2016 ",0
20864,WATCH RELATIVES SPEAK OUT After Teen Caught In Robbery Is Shot And Killed: “how he going to get his money to have clothes to go to school?”,"The attitudes of the family members defending this thug who violated an innocent woman when he broke into her home is astounding. After eight long years of listening to a President justify why minorities should be able to break laws with no penalties, get in line in front of people who are white or have more income when it comes to college acceptance or employment opportunities, this is the result.  Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton will only perpetuate this un-American, entitelment behavior. The family of a teenager who was shot and killed while committing an armed robbery is speaking out today.Seventeen year old Trevon Johnson was shot by a homeowner who came home to check on an alarm at her home. She saw Johnson leaving the home and altercation ensued. During the altercation, Johnson was shot once. He died of his wounds. I don t care if she have her gun license or any of that. That is way beyond the law   way beyond,  said Johnson s cousin Nautika Harris to local media outlet WFOR. You have to look at it from every child s point of view that was raised in the hood,  she said.  You have to understand  how he going to get his money to have clothes to go to school? You have to look at it from his point-of-view. He was not supposed to die like this. He had a future ahead of him. Trevon had goals  he was a funny guy, very big on education, loved learning. Via:Controversial Times",0
20865,HARVARD BULLIED INTO Dropping 80 Year Old “Racist” Law School Emblem,"Harvard is agreeing to erase the history of their Law School founder to satisfy individuals or groups who don t agree with him. Didn t we see something similar to this happening in the Middle East? It wasn t that long ago that ISIS destroyed all symbols of Christianity in Iraq and other countries because they represented the history of Christ and was offensive to the Islamic terrorists. Did Americans think that was okay? This politically incorrect nonsense needs to stop before every ounce of history has been sanitized from our public and private schools, colleges and universities Harvard University has decided to drop its famous law school emblem after a handful of students said it was racist because it was tied to an 18th-century family of slave holders.The Harvard Corporation, the body that governs the university, voted in favor of a Harvard Law School committee recommendation to drop the seal. Harvard s president, Drew Faust, told the dean of the law school, Martha Minow, he approved the idea, Reuters reported.The emblem has been around since 1936. It shows three sheaves of wheat with the motto,  Veritas,  the Latin word for truth, scrolled across the top.The image comes from the coat of arms used by the family of Isaac Royall, a man the media paints as the son of an Antiguan slaveholder   who was also the endower of the first law professorship at the university, Reuters said. Via: WNDThe university denied it was revising history.Maybe they were just caving to threats or threatening behavior like this protest that took place on campus. Students can be seen here protesting at Harvard University over death of thug, Michael Brown:Harvard protestors crowd at the Law School to rally against the #Ferguson decision, yelling ""no justice, no peace."" pic.twitter.com/cHMSaM1KNY  Meg Bernhard (@meg_bernhard) December 1, 2014 In light of recent events, Drew Faust shows her support. pic.twitter.com/p8ej81vxZa  Harvard University (@Harvard) December 11, 201412-11-14 Harvard President Drew Faust declared via Twitter that  black lives matter.  Harvard s official Twitter account posted an image Wednesday of Faust wearing a t-shirt with the movement s slogan and the statement,  In light of recent events, Drew Faust shows her support. In November, 2015, Portraits of black Harvard Law School faculty members were defaced on  a day after a campus rally for black students, according to the law school. Several portraits were discovered Thursday with black strips of tape placed diagonally over the black faculty members  faces. The portraits were on the first floor of Wasserstein Hall, which houses two hallways with more than 180 framed portraits of law professors.Harvard Law School Dean Michele Minow said in a statement  The Harvard University Police Department is investigating the incident as a hate crime. Harvard Law School students started a Facebook page with the following stated mission: We are a movement of students calling for the decolonization of our campus, the symbols, the curriculum and the history of Harvard Law SchoolHere is a post from that page: While we accept the request to change the shield, we do so on the understanding that the school will actively explore other steps to recognize rather than to suppress the realities of its history, mindful of our shared obligation to honor the past not be seeking to erase it, but rather by bringing it to light and learning from it,  Faust said, Reuters reported. Via: WNDIn the end, we can t help but wonder how much this former Harvard Law School student, turned Commuity Agitator in Chief had to do with their decision to erase history at Harvard:  ",0
20866,THE ULTIMATE HYPOCRITE: Who Are The Billionaires Funding Campaign Of Candidate Who Mocks…Billionaires,"While Bernie Sanders has pitched himself as the presidential candidate for the little guy   tapping into the wallets of voters angry over Wall Street s influence in politics   a deeper dive shows Sanders has enlisted an arsenal of millionaire and billionaire backers who have backed his political career since his early Senate runs a decade ago.That big-money support stands in sharp contrast to Sanders  calls for corporate fat-cats and the uber-wealthy to pay their  fair share  in taxes by closing loopholes and removing breaks that benefit the mega-rich.At a rally last Sunday at The Ohio State University, Sanders told a cheering crowd,  You can tell a lot about a candidate based on how he or she raises money for his or her campaign. The comment goes hand-in-hand with the theme Sanders has been hammering for months. I am not raising money from millionaires and billionaires,  Sanders said during the CNN Democratic primary debate in Las Vegas on Oct. 13.  In fact, tonight, in terms of what a political revolution is about, there are 4,000 house parties   100,000 people in this country   watching this debate tonight who want real change in this country. Sanders war chest has been driven by smaller donations   he raised $26 million in small increments in the third fund-raising quarter.Jeff Weaver, Sanders  campaign manager, insists the fancy fundraisers and big-name donors are few and far between and that there is no contradiction in what the Vermont Democrat and self-described socialist practices and what he preaches. We don t have a super PAC,  Weaver told FoxNews.com.  We rely on small contributions. Average contribution is $27. Are there some, a few people in there who have more money, personal money who give larger contributions? Yeah, of course they do, but within the federal $2700 limit. No, you know, no 50, 100, 2 million contributions. But for years Sanders has enjoyed donations from a handful of wealthy donors including media moguls Leo J. Hindery and Steven C. Markoff.Markoff, who donated to Sanders  2012 Senate campaign, began trading rare coins when he was 11. By 2004, his company A-Mark Entertainment was listed as the 65th largest privately held company in the U.S., and the second largest in Los Angeles.Hindrey, managing partner of the private equity fund InterMedia Partners and former chief executive of AT & T Broadband and of the YES Network, also maxed out on contributions to Sanders. Hindrey, while advocating for fewer tax breaks for the wealthy, is among the biggest Democratic fundraisers in the country.Another big money donor to Sanders  campaign is David Geffen, co-founder of DreamWorks Animation and worth a cool $6.9 billion. According to campaign finance records, Geffen donated the max at the time   $2,500   to Sanders Senate campaign on Jan. 27, 2012.But Lara Brown, director of George Washington University s political management program, told FoxNews.com that she doesn t see a big push-back from Sanders supporters. By and large, Democrats tend to believe these individuals are giving because they have a strong progressive/liberal orientation in their politics and they are doing this because it equates to them giving to a cause,  she said, adding that the same would be true for big-money donors in Silicon Valley and the tech industry.Via: FOX News ",0
20867,WATCH HILLARY LIE About Libya To Supporters: ” We Didn’t Lose A Single Person”,"The families of the four dead Americans you left behind beg to differ. Not that you care, but Benghazi was kind of a big story for the rest of America Hillary During a town hall meeting in Illinois on Monday Democrat Hillary Clinton said the United States  didn t lose a single person.  The remark was made in defense of the NATO invasion in 2011 following the adoption of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973.Via: InfoWars",0
20868,WOW! CHICAGO PROTESTER Caught On Camera Admits Violent Activity Was Pre-Planned: “It’s not gonna be peaceful”,"Here s proof that the violence we saw taking place in Chicago was well organized:@realDonaldTrumpPre Planed Chicago Left Wing Violence At Trump Rally#MakeAmericaGreatAgain#VoteTrump       pic.twitter.com/BdW5XrC3LH  Richard Weaving (@RichardWeaving) March 12, 2016Textbook Alinsky. Obama s domestic terrorist friend, bomber and college professor, Bill Ayers appears to be the spokesperson, while other angry paid protesters join in.***LANGUAGE ALERT***More vile protesters here. Our personal favorite is the angry white woman admonishing the reporter for being white:h/t Gateway Pundit",0
20869,OOPS! DONALD TRUMP’S NAME MISSING From Ballots In Florida,"Oh never mind, the snafu has been explained It s simply because voters didn t get the  correct one.  Problem solved  Leading Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump s name was left off Florida primary ballots according to reports relayed by Fox News  Jennifer Eckhart on Twitter who said the local Fox affiliate has received  dozens of complaints. Eckhart wrote the irregularities are in  Jupiter County  which does not exist. She probably meant the town of Jupiter or Palm Beach County where Jupiter is located. Palm Beach County is where Trump s Florida base Mar-a-Lago is located.Hearing reports from friends in my home state of Florida that @realDonaldTrump is left OFF of voting ballots at various polling stations  Jennifer Eckhart (@JenniferEckhart) March 15, 2016 Hearing reports from friends in my home state of Florida that @realDonaldTrump is left OFF of voting ballots at various polling stations @realDonaldTrump Up to 15 people now have called me to complain that Trump is left off their voting ballot in Florida @DonaldJTrumpJr  Jennifer Eckhart (@JenniferEckhart) March 15, 2016.@samuraiEighty returned ballot said they were given the ""wrong one"" called local Fox affiliate   they've received dozens of complaints  Jennifer Eckhart (@JenniferEckhart) March 15, 2016If you're a registered voter in Florida and you've received a ballot w/ @realDonaldTrump OFF the ballot   contact me. @FoxNews on the story.  Jennifer Eckhart (@JenniferEckhart) March 15, 2016Via: Gateway Pundit",0
20870,WATCH INSANE VIDEOS…CHICAGO COP Spills The Beans About What REALLY Happened In Chicago,"The leftist media was quick to blame Donald Trump for the organized chaos and riots that were fueled by paid protesters who, when pressed by FOX News reporters, clearly had no idea why they were there. Jim Acosta, of CNN News, admitted the number of anti-Trump protesters and amount of violence was underreported, but laid the blame squarely on Trump:  Donald Trump, for whatever reason decided to hold a rally, almost in the Lion s Den. the media didn t report that protesters were running through parking lots and breaking windows of cars with Trump stickers on them The protests launched by militant leftists who shut down Donald Trump s Chicago rally were far more aggressive and destructive than reported, says a Chicago Police officer. It seems the [media] aren t broadcasting footage of the debris being thrown across Harrison by Sanders/Hillary supporters at Trump fans,  the officer wrote shortly after the canceled Trump event.The officer, who posed anonymously on the Second City Cop blog, also noted the media didn t report that protesters were running through parking lots and breaking windows of cars with Trump stickers on them, or that the department called out emergency Incident Teams to cope with the anti-Trump riot at the University of Illinois in Chicago.Later that same day the officer posted a second, much longer post, to detail the failures of the police leaders to plan for and respond to the protests.The officer insisted there was  pretty much zero in terms of a unified Command Post  for the event, and that officers had no central command to report to or coordinate response from.This video shows woefully unprepared the Chicago police force was to deal with these well-trained, paid, organized agitators. Note the Palestine flag at the 2:06 mark and person on loudspeaker chant  Allah  at the 2:26 mark: Who wrote this plan?  the officer wrote.  We ve seen and heard reports that UIC was woefully unprepared for this. They had their own people and Monterey Security inside. The Secret Service had a presence, but they re restricted to dignitary protection. The ISP had a squad there. And CPD. So where were the people geared up for a riot? For NATO we had an entire strike force geared up and ready to go. We had the Mounted Unit up and running. Tens of dozens of bikes. Did no one see this coming? [quote_box_center]Radio Host, John Cardillo told his audience today that a trusted police officer friend in Chicago told him this weekend that before the UIC rally 70% of police officers supported Donald Trump. After the rally was called off and GOP candidates sided with the violent mob   90% of police officers support Donald Trump.[/quote_box_center]The officer went on to insist that suddenly emptying the pavilion of Trump fans and  putting a few thousand people out on the street as targets  was a terrible decision. This decision led to many unnecessary confrontations between Trump fans and the anarchist protesters, the officer said. It also led to unnecessary property damage, the officer said.Next came a long list of questions:Who gave up the expressway? Who let them block ambulances? Why did they not assemble citywide Incident Teams as soon as they knew the rally was canceled? Tact Teams? We even heard Mass Arrest kits weren t available and only one transport wagon on scene in case arrests were made.The criticism went farther.Who ever drew up this order failed miserably. Whatever the Intelligence Section was doing wasn t nearly enough. The On Scene Incident Commander failed to anticipate even the best case scenario and every other appointee showed how incompetent they really were by not ordering up more reinforcements and more units on stand-by.Video that hasn t gotten much play since that night also showed that the protests were far more raucous than previously reported.In all, it seems that at least this one Chicago Police Officer felt that the CPD fell down on the job during this incident. ",0
20871,"THE BEST OF WATTERS’ WORLD: “If liberals are so creative, why can’t Obama create jobs?”",Jesse Watters  is pretty awesome! He s great at making people think but being funny at the same time. Pretty awesome! ,0
20872,BREAKING…Internal Memo From OBAMA’S Corrupt EPA: FLINT NOT WORTH “Going Out On A Limb For”,"Wow! Bernie and Hillary have been making hay over the Flint water crisis for months now, using the crisis to secure votes from the black community.  Leftists have been converging on the city like rats in search of the last peice of cheese on earth and now we have proof that Obama s EPA knew about the crisis, but didn t think the people of Flint were worthy of protecting.An internal Environmental Protection Agency memo showed officials didn t think  Flint is the community we want to go out on a limb for  while residents of the Michigan town drank lead-contaminated water.House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Chairman Jason Chaffetz presented an internal memo between the EPA official who oversees Michigan, a branch manager in the EPA s Region 5, the associate director of the water division for Region 5 and an EPA environmental engineer about the water crisis in Flint.In the memo, one of the officials   it wasn t clear who based on the screen shown by Chaffetz   said Flint wasn t worth helping. Perhaps she already knows all this, but I m not so sure Flint is the community we want to go out on a limb for,  the memo stated.Chaffetz was incredulous at the memo. Are you kidding me?  he said, looking at Susan Hedman, the former director of EPA s Region 5, which oversees much of the Midwest including Michigan. Why isn t Flint the community they go to? Of all the communities, the community having trouble is the one you go all out for,  Chaffetz said.  Via: Washington Examiner",0
20873,HOW WE KNOW AMERICA IS FINALLY WINNING: Popular Leftist Publication Urges Anti-Trump Thugs To STOP Protesting,"There hasn t been a time in decades when the Left has been so concerned about a presidential election. Sure, there have been times when the election has been close, but a strong get out the vote effort, a scheme to prevent our overseas military s vote from counting, coupled with a unparalled voter fraud network has always kept the Democrat contender in the race. With November only eight months away, is there going to be enough time to cast enough dead, illegal and mulitple votes from single voters to make up the difference in the massive number of voters  Donald Trump will bring to the polls?The Left is panicking and the paid protesters who threatened Trump supporters and rioted in Chicago are proof they re losing their grip on the election. Donald Trump has them running scared, and that can only be a good thing, as America has never been in more trouble than we are today. Electing a candidate from the party who has intentionally divided and pitted Americans against each other for eight long years is no longer an option for anyone who loves our country.Here s a sample of what s happening today in Florida:#FloridaPrimary #SuperTuesday #Vote @realDonaldTrump #QueEstadosUnidosSeaGrandeOtraVez #TrumpTrain #MIAMI pic.twitter.com/CGKI6HqjvN  Lady #MAGA~Bethany (@thetimewasthen) March 14, 2016Donald Trump s supporters aren t fazed by his decision to cancel an appearance at a Chicago rally over the weekend in fact, they are more likely to vote for him to be the Republican nominee because of it.That s according to a new poll of likely Republican voters conducted by Monmouth University. It confirms something I ve long suspected (and have argued in previous articles): the antics of left-wing agitators are driving ordinary people into the arms of Trump.The poll noted that pro-Trump and anti-Trump forces clashed in Chicago last Friday, which prompted Trump to cancel the event. It then asked respondents whether this fact made them more or less likely to support Trump. Just 11 percent said they were less likely to support Trump because of this decision. Another 22 percent said they were actually more likely to back Trump, and 66 percent said their views were unchanged.Leftist protesters who vehemently oppose Trump would do well to remember that in a free society, even contemptible speakers are permitted to be heard. As New York Magazine s Jonathan Chait wrote in a recent piece:But the whole premise of democracy is that rules need to be applied in every case without regard to the merit of the underlying cause to which it is attached. If you defend the morality of a tactic against Trump, then you should be prepared to defend its morality against any candidate. Now imagine that right-wing protesters had set out to disrupt Barack Obama s speeches in 2008. If you re not okay with that scenario, you should not be okay with protesters doing it to Trump.Indeed. But the Monmouth poll is good evidence that letting Trump speak is not merely the morally correct, philosophically consistent course of action: It s the tactically sound one as well. When the left stops Trump from speaking, Trump wins. He gets to tell his people that the forces of far-left activism and political correctness are trying to silence him. Implicitly, he is suggesting to his followers that when he becomes president, the tides will turn: see his promise to make it easier to sue newspapers for criticizing him. Trump supporters adore this shtick. Stop giving them ammunition.Via: Reason",0
20874,HOW OBAMA MADE IT POSSIBLE For Protesters To Be ARRESTED And Sent To JAIL For Disrupting Trump Rallies,"So is anyone else wondering why the cop-hating, racist, Bernie Sanders supporter Tommy DiMassimo wasn t arrested and charged with a felony? Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump s campaign rallies have become a fixture in the 2016 election season as much for the candidate s rambling speeches as for the frequent interruptions of said speeches.Demonstrators have filed in to Trump rallies across the country, shouting their anti-Trump messages and promptly being ridiculed by rally-goers and led out by law enforcement.On Saturday, Trump began to call for the arrest of protesters as he was repeatedly interrupted, raising questions about the legality of protest and whether Trump can press charges against demonstrators. So what are the answers?The short answer is, no.According to H.R. 347 (signed into law by Barack Hussein Obama in February, 2012) it is ILLEGAL under CURRENT FEDERAL to protest of any type, in an area under protection by the U.S. Secret Service.Because Donald Trump is under Secret Service Protection (as is Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders) and has been since November of 2015, it is a FEDERAL CRIME to protest at campaign rallies, and is in fact, punishable by imprisonment.Free Speech isn t covered at ANY Trump, Clinton, Sanders (or Cruz, Rubio, Kasich) rally because protests are considered to be  knowingly impeding or disrupting the orderly conduct of an official Federal function. Law enforcement has simply tossed out protesters at Trump rallies, but H.R. 347 states that they could be imprisoned for up to a year for trespassing.Demonstrators are technically relegated to free speech zones much like the ones seen on college campuses.Such zones are often used to keep dissenters away from media attention, according to the American Civil Liberties Union.At a recent Trump event at Valdosta State University, in Georgia, the two designated free speech zones were not in sight of the arena where the rally was held. One was a quarter mile away.Trump can call for the arrest of whomever he wants, but he can t do the arresting.He has said, however, that he is  going to start pressing charges  against protesters as a way to intimidate them into thinking twice about demonstrating at his rallies.Based on the change to H.R. 347 in 2012, he may have grounds to press for trespassing charges against any protester who walked into the rally knowing it was a restricted area, according to the ACLU. Via: Mashable",0
20875,POLICE OFFICER Asks Daughter’s School To Remove Hateful Drawing From Display…School Has SHOCKING Response,"What do you think about the school s response to this police officer s request?The painting Officer Dave Hamblin found offensive (Facebook)A police officer father in the United States has taken to social media to complain about a piece of artwork displayed at his daughter s school.Kentucky cop Dave Hamblin is outraged by the painting which depicts two black people with a gun pointed at their head.On one half of the painting, under the title  1930 , a Ku Klux Klan member is pointing the gun.On the other half, titled  2015 , a white police officer is shown pointing the gun at what looks like a African American child.The painting was from a school project inspired by racial violence depicted in Harper Lee s book, To Kill A Mockingbird.Police officer Dave Hamblin, who goes by the name Dave Kingmen on Facebook, says the picture is upsetting and creates  future cop haters . We speak of tolerance, we speak of changing hostile environments, we speak of prejudice, and we speak of racial relations, yet, when it comes to hostility toward police, their families, and profiling them through bigotry we are expected to tolerate it,   Kingmen  wrote..  I will not, nor will my child. The cop has asked for the picture to be removed but the school has seemingly turned down his request. When discussing social injustice, people will likely be offended by some topic,  said Tracy Green, a school spokesperson. The drawing is a student s artistic representation based on the lens through which the student viewed that issue and the student has a First Amendment right to share that opinion.  Via: Yahoo",0
20876,"NO TERROR CHARGES FOR MICHIGAN Muslim Man Who Plotted To Shoot Up Large Church In Detroit, Had Ties To ISIS, Dreamed Of Beheading Someone…Claimed He “Loved to hear people scream and beg”","Such a nice young man. He was just hearing voices in his head. You mean like Mohamed s voice? Of course CAIR says he was likely just  showing off Because that s how Muslim men who live in America  show off ???? Not only did this Dearborn Muslim plot to shoot up a Detroit church, but he kept a sword in his car and said that it was his  dream to behead someone.  Khalil Abu-Rayyan said he wanted to  burn people alive, tie them up, cut their tongues. As for the church shooting, Abu-Rayyan said,  Honestly, I regret not doing it. If I can t go do jihad at the Middle East I would do a jihad over here. But Abu-Rayyan will not be prosecuted for terrorism; not in Dearborn, he won t. To prosecute him for terrorism would be islamofauxbic. Any time a jihadi gets caught plotting mass murder of the kuffar, it s the FBI that gets the blame:  entrapment. The case against Abu-Rayyan has focused on his alleged threats of violence and has raised questions, including whether the government successfully thwarted Abu-Rayyan s alleged plan for a terrorist attack on a Metro Detroit church, or whether the FBI s undercover agent radicalized a vulnerable young man with no criminal past until 2015. Shooting and death makes me excited. I love to hear people scream and beg. I wish I had my gun,  Abu-Rayyan told the FBI undercover agent in a text message.The FBI is being accused of radicalizing this savage. Not the Islamic texts and teachings that incite to jihad, not his Muslim brothers waging holy war in the cause of Islam   the FBI.Wait, it get worse. The FBI is being criticized for arresting him, as opposed to pursuing  other options,  such as going to the family.Asked whether they explored other options before arresting Abu-Rayyan, U.S. Attorney spokeswoman Gina Balaya said:  Although intervention with a family is appropriate in some cases, when a defendant poses a specific threat of violence, we need take action that protects public safety. Go to the family? The family is usually in on it. Look at San Bernardino. Khalil plotted to shoot up a church. There are no other options but arrest. How can the FBI do its job when it is expected to adhere to sharia law and sanction jihad?Via: Pamela Gellar",0
20877,WHY IS THE MEDIA HIDING Dangerous Evidence About Radical Who Attacked Trump At Rally?,"100% FED Up! was able to easily find evidence about the anti-American, cop-hating, racist who attacked Trump during a rally on Sunday. Either the mainstream media news organizations don t have any investigative journalists working for them, or they prefer to hide the truth about Trump s attacker. We believe the latter is true.An even bigger question is how this radical cop hating, white hating (self-loathing) Bernie Sanders supporter is able to jump on the stage of the GOP Presidential front-runner, grab him, scuffle with the US Secret Service and only be charged with two misdemeanors? Watch new video that was just released of Tommy DiMassimo rushing to get at Trump on stage here:CNN interviewed Thomas (Tommy) DiMassimo, the man who was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct and inducing panic after he rushed the stage at an Ohio Trump rally on Sunday.During the interview,  Tommy  DiMassimo explained to CNN that he just wanted to take the podium away from the GOP presidential front-runner to send a message. CNN never asked him a single quesiton about his past or his support for Bernie Sanders.It s almost as though CNN was giving Tommy DiMassimo, a Wright State University senior, a platform to express his dissatisfaction with Donald Trump. They wouldn t do that for someone who just committed a crime by rushing the stage of the top GOP Presidential candidate  would they?https://youtu.be/RIAEQonBgO0Here is the real truth about the soft-spoken Tommy DiMassimo that appeared in the CNN video who was worried about Trump being a  bully.  We found these videos on YouTube that were co-written by the Wright State University senior. The name of the video is  Red Black and Blue.  The video appears to be promoting a  Revolution  featuring blacks killing cops and of course, cops killing innocent blacks.***LANGUAGE and VIOLENCE Warning***Here is the first shocking trailer for DiMassimo s movie  Red Black and Blue :https://youtu.be/R8dgSibelNQHere is the second violent trailer. The video in its entirety can be found below:https://youtu.be/PEP4hWfHzj8Here are tweets that were sent out by Tommy DiMassimo just prior to the Ohio Trump rally where he rushed the stage. In the first tweet, he talks about becomig a  martyr.  The second tweet talks about getting into a Trump rally and  slapping fire  into Trump. From the Urban dictionary: The art of slapping fire out of a person is to give said person an intense slap that will leave their face red for an extended period of time. That sure sounds a LOT differnt that the non-violent explanation he gave CNN. The last tweet with the gun and smiley face emoji was sent to fake black guy, Shaun King. You be the judge of what he s trying to say in his tweets below.And of course, the fact that he s a Bernie Sanders supporter should come as no surprise:Folks in OHIOGo vote for Bernie and or Not Trump  il ragazzo (@Younglionking7) March 13, 2016This tweet was posted in Sept, 2015. The most recent tweets (seen above) have all been deleted.DiMassimo posts a picture of a bloodied cop seen in the film on his Facebook page. One of his friends asks in the comment section,  Is that you?  He doesn t respond.This picture was taken from DiMassimo s facebook page advertising his one man show on Wright College campus.Here s DiMassio hanging out with a few sweet boys in the neighborhood:Oh, the irony of DiMassimo looking to the police officer for help when he was concerned about a concealed carrier, after spending the afternoon taunting the Confederate flag supporters, and actually burning a Confederate flag in front of them at a GA rally (see below):Open Carry Activist Prepares to Draw Gun on Counterprotester at Yesterday's Confederate Flag Rally in #GA #p2 #tcot pic.twitter.com/cNuEKHXmF6  CSGV (@CSGV) August 2, 2015Hero of the Day burns Confederate flag and waves it at 500 idiots at Stone Mountain. pic.twitter.com/iBzwN3ElcK  Derf Backderf (@DerfBackderf) August 3, 2015Here s a video showing the controversy DiMassio created when standing on an American flag on campus:Here is the video of the actual event. Watch the disrespect this punk has an elderly veteran confronts him:https://youtu.be/Q0Kwcp2DLFoIf you can stomach it, here is the violent full-edition of the video co-written by Tommy DiMassimo, the  intelligent, bright, college senior :Tommy DiMassimo is sadly, representative of many of the whiny, anti-American students we see supporting Bernie Sanders and a Black Lives Matter terror movement today. Black Lives Matter was created to threaten and intimidate Americans into giving them not equal treatment, but special treatment. Our hateful and divisive President is responsible for the groundswell of support for hate groups like this that are popping up across colleges, universities and large cities across America. The reason they are trying so hard to prevent a Trump presidency is because they fear he will call them out and expose them for their self-serving agenda. Their only hope to keep this radical movement going is to elect Bernie Sanders or Hillary. Trump is the only person who they fear is an obstacle standing in the way of their goal.We ll never know how far Tommy Massimo would have gone if he was allowed to get ahold of Trump on the stage. One thing is clear though, his ridiculous punishment and the special treatment he was given by CNN will certainly not dissuade the next radical from attempting to harm Trump at one of his public events.Here is a screen grab that shows DiMassimo as one of the co-writers of the  Red Black and Blue  video. Although we can t prove it, given his flair for drama, it is highly likely DiMassimo is one of the actors in the violent cop and white-hating film: ",0
20878,"LONDON’S MAYOR HAS HARSH WORDS For Our Community Organizer In Chief: “Butt Out, Mr. Obama”","Our country is spinning out of control. Obama s orchestrated efforts with race baiters like Al Sharpton and leaders of Black Lives Matter terrorists have created a divide between races like my generation has never known. Obama skips Supreme Court Justice Anton Scalia s funeral and the funeral  of iconic First Lady, Nancy Reagan, but finds time to take a few pot shots at GOP presidential front-runner, Donald Trump while attending a hipster festival with Michelle. Barack s proven over and over he doesn t have the time or desire to behave like a leader, and now, he s going to tell the Europeans what they need to do as it relates to the EU? When I heard from the Baron today that our current president is planning to go to Britain to make a case to the public for staying in the European Union, I was momentarily stunned. What happened to  leading from behind  and letting other countries handle their own affairs?By now we re all jaded by this president. He does nothing for free, nothing in which there is not some eventual pay-off to him. So sticking his nose into Britain s affairs should come as no surprise, given his track record of the last interminable years of his time in office.Or maybe he doesn t know how deeply disliked he is by anyone who didn t sign onto his pathetic  Peace Prize  back in the beginning of his reign? Maybe he believes what the sycophantic press tells him? Or  or  wait! Is he using a kind of reverse psychology on the British   i.e., knowing how much he is held in contempt, anything he suggests, they would oppose? Nah he s far too removed from reality to grasp that concept.So here we have London Mayor Boris Johnson s take on the subject. He s far more interesting to follow on this than any national government figures would be. Via: Gates Of ViennaThese excerpts are from The Telegraph. The only thing Mr J got wrong is the extent to which Obama has undermined America s sovereignty, particularly at our southern border and on the subject of changing our culture and monolingual character. One could say that Mr. Obama s decision to drop in and lecture the Brits on this particular subject is not contradictory at all; it is congruent with his own behavior and sentiments regarding America s sovereignty.Obviously, Mr. Johnson hasn t been paying attention to the American presidential campaign. But they why would he? Had he done so, though, he d have seen an unprecedented populist following for Donald Trump, based on that theme: sovereignty.We want ours back in one piece.I love America. I believe in the American dream. Indeed, I hold that the story of the past 100 years has been very largely about how America rose to global greatness   and how America has helped to preserve and expand democracy around the world. In two global conflicts, and throughout the Cold War, the United States has fought for the founding ideals of the republic: that government of the people, by the people, for the people should not perish from the earth.So it is on the face of it a bit peculiar that U.S. government officials should believe that Britain must remain within the EU   a system in which democracy is increasingly undermined.Some time in the next couple of months we are told that President Obama himself is going to arrive in this country, like some deus ex machina, to pronounce on the matter. Air Force One will touch down; a lectern with the presidential seal will be erected. The British people will be told to be good to themselves, to do the right thing. We will be informed by our most important ally that it is in our interests to stay in the EU, no matter how flawed we may feel that organisation to be. Never mind the loss of sovereignty; never mind the expense and the bureaucracy and the uncontrolled immigration.The American view is very clear. Whether in code or en clair, the President will tell us all that UK membership of the EU is right for Britain, right for Europe, and right for America. And why? Because that   or so we will be told   is the only way we can have  influence  in the counsels of the nations.It is an important argument, and deserves to be taken seriously. I also think it is wholly fallacious   and coming from Uncle Sam, it is a piece of outrageous and exorbitant hypocrisy.There is no country in the world that defends its own sovereignty with such hysterical vigilance as the United States of America. This is a nation born from its glorious refusal to accept overseas control. Almost two and a half centuries ago the American colonists rose up and violently asserted the principle that they   and they alone   should determine the government of America, and not George III or his ministers. To this day the Americans refuse to kneel to almost any kind of international jurisdiction. Alone of Western nations, the US declines to accept that its citizens can be subject to the rulings of the International Criminal Court in The Hague. They have not even signed up to the Convention on the Law of the Sea. Can you imagine the Americans submitting their democracy to the kind of regime that we have in the EU?So why is it essential for Britain to comply with a system that the Americans would themselves reject out of hand? Is it not a blatant case of  Do as I say, but not as I do ?For entire letter, go to: The Telegraph ",0
20879,"AUSTRIAN Schools Are Being Radicalized By Young Muslim Migrants: “If She Doesn’t Obey [Wear Hijab], I’ll Just Murder Her” [VIDEO]","This story is a perfect example of how Muslim migrants do NOT assimilate in their host countries. Instead of assimilating, they are demanding Austrian students change their culture and even their religion, to satisfy the desires of the refugees who are essentially guests in their villages and towns The following news report about the  radicalization  of students in a Viennese high school begins with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan s recent comments about women, who he thinks should concentrate mainly on being mothers. Mr. Erdogan s words are taken seriously in Germany and Austria, since he has a strong influence on Turks there, even those of the second or third generation.Notice that the Chechens   relatively recent arrivals   are said to pose the most serious problem. The same story is told all over Europe: the Chechens are the biggest troublemakers, second only to the Somalis in areas that host Somali communities. You might call them the Somalis of the Caucasus.Via: Gates Of Vienna",0
20880,GERMANY ELECTION BOMBSHELL: OPEN BORDERS Angela Merkel CLOBBERED At Polls…Party That Suggested Germany May Need To Start Shooting Migrants At Border WINS By Double Digits,"It appears that Obama ally, Angela Merkel is more popular with Muslim migrant males than the citizens of Germany .German voters turned to the far right in droves yesterday in a damning verdict on Angela Merkel s open door border policy. In regional elections she was humiliated by the anti-immigrant AfD   Alternative for Germany   party.Formed just three years ago, it has surged in popularity following Mrs Merkel s decision to roll out the red carpet for more than a million migrants.Analysts said the regional poll   in which Mrs Merkel s ruling Christian Democrats lost two out of three states   was a  worst case scenario  for the embattled chancellor ahead of a general election next year.The timing made it a virtual referendum on Germany s refugee policy. It will also be seen as an indictment of the failure of Europe s ruling classes to acknowledge the public s fears about migration.Mrs Merkel s welcome for arrivals from Syria, other parts of the Middle East and North Africa, has caused chaos across the continent.Initially, the incomers were greeted by crowds of well-wishers. But, faced with the sheer numbers, public opinion soured. And there was outrage when gangs of migrant men were involved in organised sex attacks on women in Cologne and other cities on new year s eve.One by one, EU states have thrown up border fences to stop the flow of arrivals   leading to the slow collapse of the Schengen passport-free zone. Via:DMWatch incredible video (below) that explains why German Chancellor Angela Merkel is getting hammered in the polls in Germany:German Chancellor Angela Merkel s party suffered a major setback in key state polls Sunday over her liberal refugee policy, while the right-wing populist AfD recorded a surge as it scooped up support from angry voters.Merkel s Christian Democratic Union (CDU) lost in two of three states in regional elections, and scored a historic low in its stronghold Baden-Wuerttemberg where it came in second place after the Greens, according to projections based on early results published by public broadcasters ARD and ZDF.The populist Alternative for Germany (AfD), which had sparked outrage by suggesting police may have to shoot at migrants to stop them entering the country, recorded double-digit support in the first elections they have stood for in all three regions.The elections are the biggest since Germany registered a record influx of refugees, and are largely regarded as a referendum on Merkel s decision to open the country s doors to people fleeing war.Bild daily called Sunday s polls  a day of horror for Chancellor Merkel  as the stunning popularity of the upstart AfD was a clear punishment for her policy. The people who voted for us voted against this refugee policy,  said AfD deputy chairman Alexander Gauland.Frauke Petry (L) and Ronald Glaeser of the right-wing populist party Alternative for Germany (AfD) party react after state elections exit poll results were announced on tv in Berlin on March 13, 2016Germans had watched in growing alarm as 1.1 million asylum seekers arrived in the country in 2015 alone.Despite facing intense pressure to change course, Merkel has resolutely refused to impose a cap on arrivals, insisting instead on common European action that includes distributing refugees among the EU s 28 member states. Via: Breitbart News",0
20881,"BREAKING: MUSLIM TERRORISTS Strike Two Popular Luxury Beach Resorts….KILLING 14, Including Women And Children…Eyewitness Films Terror From Room [VIDEO]","How the religion of peace spends their spring break Jihadis attacked two hotels in a beach resort town in southern Ivory Coast packed with European tourists. Men, woman and children are reported as victims after gunfire erupted at an Ivory Coast beach resort popular with Western tourists.Local reports also speak of the assailants being masked and carrying grenades as well as guns, and some unconfirmed reports suggest they may have shouted  Allahu Akbar   Allah is greater [than your G-d].This mimics the monstrous beach attacks in Tunisia in June 2015.ISIS has been urging fellow Muslims worldwide to mimic the slaughter in Tunisia and attack on the beaches of resorts where Westerners are vacationing, enjoying their lives.The government said the victims include five men, five women and one child, but did not specify if these reflected deaths or injuries.An AFP journalist reported seeing around a dozen people, including an injured Western woman, being evacuated in a military truck.The Telegraph UK   Fran ois Hollande, French president, said in a statement that he  strongly condemns the cowardly attack that caused the death of at least ten civilians, including at least one French national, and several members of the security forces in Grand Bassam .Local media cited a hotel employee named JB Beugr  as saying that the gunmen arrived by fishing boat and their attack lasted three hours. According to a doctor at Bassam s main hospital, two dead and 17 injured people had been brought in.A witness told French broadcaster BFMTV he saw  the body of a European woman  and that  two or three  hooded shooters were involved.Via: Pamela Gellar",0
20882,DONALD TRUMP STRIKES BACK: Reminds American Voters Bernie Sanders Is “A COMMUNIST”…And A COWARD [VIDEO],"Trump spoke to his supporters at a rally in Cleveland, Ohio, on Saturday. As one would expect from Trump, he s not about to sit back and allow Bernie Sanders supporters and Black Lives Matter terrorists hijack his rallies. After addresseding the violent protesters in Chicago, he reinacted Bernie Sanders cowardly reaction when two female Black Lives Matter terrorists took over the mic while at the start of his rally in Seattle.  He called Bernie Sanders a  communist  and identified his supporters as  troublemakers.  Watch here:Watch here to see how Bernie Sanders reacted to the aggressive and disrespectful, thuggish behavior of two female representatives from the Black Lives Matter terror group. What is even more stunning is how the man who wants to be the leader of the free world stands in a corner like a dutiful Leftist allowing these two women to completely hijack a rally his people orgnaized. If Bernie can t control two unarmed, female domestic terrorists, how could anyone expect he could defend America against one of our enemies? This video is so embarrassing, it should be played over and over again as a reminder of the pacifist, communist who wants to be America s next President:Not everyone at the Bernie Sanders rally was down with the hateful, divisive Black Lives Matter terror representative s message;",0
20883,DEMOCRAT LAWMAKER WILL BE PUNISHED For Putting Jobs Before “Climate Change”: “They are after me”,"Tow the party line or pay a heavy price. There is no room for dissention in a party where thugs who cut backroom deals with climate change related lobbyists in DC dictate what is best for America. There s probably a very good reason that the Democrats have an avowed Socialist and a career criminal running neck in neck in their presidential primaries In a shocking exchange on Wednesday, Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Loony Liberal Senator Sheldon Whitehouse discussed whether the DOJ had considered civil action against climate change deniers. This tells you just how out of control this DOJ is. If you don t buy into the climate change scam then you will be punished. That s fine if you live in San Francisco and can afford a Tesla,  said Husing.  It s not fine if you re a poor family living in downtown San Bernardino   and the folks that stopped that deserve a welcome thanks. What happens when a Democratic lawmaker strays from party leaders on a key piece of Gov. Jerry Brown s policy agenda? One assemblywoman who held back support for a sweeping climate-change bill last year is starting to find out.Rep. Cheryl Brown (D-San Bernardino) was among a group of business-aligned Democrats who objected to a provision in the bill, SB 350, that would have cut California s motor vehicle petroleum use in half by 2030.Now Brown, a moderate, is facing what could be a bruising reelection fight against an intraparty challenger from the left, attorney Eloise Gomez Reyes. The race raises a question: What does it mean to be a Democrat in San Bernardino, where concerns over jobs often compete with those about the environment?Some early signs indicate Brown could be in trouble. Protesters have showed up at her local events. Some of her supporters have defected, endorsing Reyes early in the fight. Do you ever feel that something is not going quite right?  Brown said in a recent phone interview.  They are after me, and I still don t know why. I don t know who  they  are. But I will find out soon. Last week, Brown s suspicions began to crystallize when a dozen students in breathing masks from San Bernardino Valley College threw themselves on the floor of a town hall meeting she hosted.Brown was there to discuss the region s logistics industry and its vast network of trucking and distribution centers, which deliver everything from headphones to heads of lettuce to big-box retailers and Amazon customers throughout Southern California.At the event, Brown supporter John Husing, an economist with the Inland Empire Economic Partnership, discussed SB 350 s scrapped petroleum provision, which was removed after Brown and other Democrats objected to its inclusion. Husing came to Brown s aid, arguing that lower-income families might have been harmed by potential rising energy costs that may have resulted from implementation of the provision. That s fine if you live in San Francisco and can afford a Tesla,  said Husing.  It s not fine if you re a poor family living in downtown San Bernardino   and the folks that stopped that deserve a welcome thanks. A group of twenty-somethings interrupted him, calling Brown  a corporate hack.  They held up signs that read  People over Profits  and  Don t Sell Us Out.  Via: LA Times",0
20884,UNCENSORED VIDEO: Real New Yorkers’ Opinions On TRUMP,"New York City that great melting pot of diversity has an equally diverse set of opinions on Donald Trump, and as VF.com discovered while walking through the city, there exists a strain of New Yorker who gasp! actually admires the man. Interview by Jeffrey Tousey; Audio by William Pierce; Director of Photography: Jeremy Elkin. Read more: Live Leak",0
20885,BREAKING: FLAG DRAGGING PROTESTER WHO RUSHED STAGE At Trump Rally Has Ties To ISIS,"We reported about a Trump protester who grabbed him during a rally today in Dayton. Click HERE for video.Trump congratulate USSS (United States Secret Service) on Twitter: excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage  Trump then said  He has ties to ISIS. He should be in jail! See tweet here:Here s the video that Donald posted with his tweet:USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! https://t.co/tkzbHg7wyD?ssr=true  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 12, 2016",0
20886,HOW REAGAN DEALT WITH RADICAL PROTESTERS At Berkeley University [VIDEO],"Reagan explains why the protesters got out of hand to the reporters:  All of it began the first time some of you who know better and are old enough to know better, let young people think that they had the right to chose the the laws they would obey, as long as they were doing it in the name of social protest. Compare and contrast Reagan s decision to address the unlawful behavior of these protesters, to Barack Obama hiding from the press, yet meeting with organizers and agitators of these radical groups to offer encouragment to the violent, unlawful protesters we are seeing across the United States today.Do you agree or disagree with Reagan s approach to stopping the protesters from breaking the law: In his 1966 campaign for California governor, Republican Ronald Reagan promised to  to clean up the mess at Berkeley.  Reagan was referring to the unrest prevalent not just at the University of California, Berkeley, but on college campuses throughout state. Students and faculty alike were engaged in protests, demonstrations, and strikes related to issues such as the draft, civil rights, discrimination, and women s liberation.In one 1966 campaign speech, Reagan declared that many leftist campus movements had transcended legitimate protest, with the actions of  beatniks, radi cals and filthy speech advocates  having become more to do  with riot ing, with anarchy  than  academic freedom.  He blamed university administrators and faculty, who  press their particular value judgments  on students, for  a leadership gap and a morality and decency gap  on campus, and suggested a code of conduct be imposed on faculty to  force them to serve as examples of good behavior and decency. [1]Six months after Reagan took office in 1967, he wrote this letter to Glenn Dumke, the chancellor of San Francisco State College, one of California s largest public institutions. Dumke served as the public face of the state college system, and he was a staunch opponent of radical student and faculty demonstrations. In his letter to Dumke, Reagan criticizes liberal activism on campuses. He condemns  these people & this trash  on campuses as well as  the excuse of academic freedom & freedom of expression  in allowing protests and demonstrations to go on.  We wouldn t tolerate this kind of language in front of our families,  Reagan writes of campus protesters. He urges Dumke to  lay down some rules of conduct,  promising that  you d have all the backing I could give you. How far do we go in tolerating these people & this trash under the excuse of academic freedom & freedom of expression? Please understand, that question isn t made in any tone of accusation. I mean myself too in that use of the term  we. We wouldn t let a LeRoi Jones in our livingroom and we wouldn t tolerate this kind of language in front of our families. Hasn t the time come to take on those neurotics in our faculty group and lay down some rules of conduct for the students comparable to what we d expect in our own families? If we do and the  we  this time means you d have all the backing I could give you, I believe the people of Calif. would take the state college system to their hearts.[illegible] RonVia: The Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History",0
20887,BREAKING: PROTESTER JUMPS ON STAGE…Grabs Trump…Secret Service REACTS…Trump Reaction Is PRICELESS [Video],"A protester tried to attack Trump today at a rally in Dayton, OH but was subdued by the Secret Service. The crowd went nuts! Trump s reaction is PRICELESS:",0
20888,FIRSTHAND ACCOUNT From The Front Lines Of The Marxist Radical Attack On Free Speech In Chicago,"HERE S A FIRSTHAND ACCOUNT OF SOMEONE WHO ATTENDED THE TRUMP RALLY LAST NIGHT:I voted in my first election in 1996 straight R ticket for Dole. In 2000, I understood the uniparty and supported, donated and voted for Patrick J. Buchanan because he was a great man and the uniparty sold out the United States on immigration, trade and foreign policy. Since this time I have been an America First Nationalist.I have not cast a single vote since and totally gave up following politics until I happened to turn on Faux and see Donald speaking at Laredo in early July. I knew his views on trade and foreign policy and seeing him come out strongly on immigration sealed the deal. I have watched nearly every rally since and been totally engaged like all of you for this great journey. Now on to today s rally.My mom and I arrived at noon and the lines were beginning to form. There was a mix of young and old, rich and poor, blue collar and white collar. There were many, many blue collar and union former democrats who were 100% supporting Trump, understood the Nationalism vs. Globalism war and everything discussed on this site. I also talked to several Middle Eastern UIC students who supported Donald and shared the sentiments expressed on this site.A busload of police were dropped off to begin duty and we all applauded and cheered them. As they filed past, you could see them smiling and appreciating our support. There were only a handful of thugs across the street at this time, and we, in unison chanted  Trump, Trump, Trump ,  Build that Wall ,  Blue lives matter , etc. We were a vocal and united front against the Marxist filth.When we went inside my mother and I were able to get on the floor about ten feet away from the podium. I met a woman who has read the Treehouse since the Zimmerman case, a lawyer all-in for Trump who was a Milton Friedman advocate, and other wonderful people. There were many young people and some families.We began noticing some obvious BLM thugs and Bernie type people (maybe about 15-20) behind us. We spread the word to those around us, so everyone knew. Periodically, we all did pro Trump chants and were anxiously awaiting our President. Several times the crowd erupted as protesters were carted out behind us on the floor as we chanted  Build that Wall  or another patriotic chant.Around 7 pm, an announcer came to the stage and said the rally was cancelled. The trash behind us unfurled anti-white, pro illegal alien signs and shirts with anti-white slurs. We all began calling them scumbags and taping them. They tried chanting, but we drowned them out. They were basically pushed to the back of the floor area. A taller, well dressed man single handedly ripped a banner from the hands of five Bernouts.At this point, we could see that a large contingent of Marxists were filling the back end seats of the arena. Some unveiled Bernie signs and chanted  Bernie), but they were once again drowned out by proud Nationalists. We advanced all the way to the back of the arena. Someone supportive of Trump took to the podium and led us in chants of  USA, USA . We were strong, loud, proud and infuriated.Then a black thug tried taking the microphone but was restrained and shoved away by two campaign people. He tried throwing punches at someone in the stands and a middle aged white working class guy knocked him to the floor. The State Police and Chicago cops arrived and walked down the stairs as an announcement for everyone to leave played.The protesters were ignorant, vulgar, vile scum who were insulting Trump people as we left, but we gave it back in spades in unity and strength. Outside was a huge mob of BLM, communists, Bernouts, illegal aliens and other assorted scum. In the parking deck, I met three college kids who understood cultural marxism and told me about the indoctrination of white guilt in our schools today. One thing was certain, everyone there was even more united and energized in their support for Donald and in despise for the leftist scum who took away our right of assembly and free speech.As we pulled out of the parking garage, we ran a gauntlet of anti-white, anti-American trash cursing us, flipping us off and calling us racists. All I can tell you is that my mom said she had not seen anything so disgusting since the King riots in Joliet in 1968.Folks, I think Nationalism is out of the bag, its here to stay and the marxists wll soon be on the run. The whole world can see that we have lost our right to assemble peacefully and stand up for our nation.The Silent Majority is silent no more and we are going straight to the White House.VIA: TCT",0
20889,U.S. ELECTIONS May Already Be In Serious Jeopardy : ACORN Gives OH Man Cigarettes And Cash To Register To Vote 72 Times…Several More Horror Stories,"If you haven t already signed up to help protect the sanctity of our vote in some way do it TODAY! Leisa and I have worked in polling places where crime rate is high and most poll workers are afraid to work. In the city of Detroit, we were surprised to find some very well run polling places. In Pontiac, MI, we experienced something quite different. We saw people using pill bottles as a form of identification. We were physically and verbally threatened by the poll supervisors and watched workers call in reinforcements to stand within our field of vision in an attempt to intimidate us. We are in a war with the Left who has no issue with bending or breaking the rules to win. We re not advocating that anyone put themselves in harms way. We are only suggesting you get involved in some way to protect the sancticy of the vote. Contacting the non-partisan voter integrity organization True The Vote is the best first step. Election integrity and voters  rights organization True the Vote announced that it successfully worked with officials in Ohio to remove duplicate voter registrations prior to the Ohio primary. These registrations were originally submitted by left-leaning and Democrat organizations, including ACORN.Approximately 30 percent of voters registered twice in the Cleveland area and they did so with falsified birth dates, social security numbers, and other identification. These were submitted not only by ACORN, but by Field Works, The Strategy Network, Organizing for America, and other left-of-center organizations, says True the Vote (TTV) in a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas.Upon receipt of True the Vote s research, 711 duplicate voter registrations were removed in Cuyahoga County and 465 sets were processed in Franklin County. TTV says it has been notified that thousands of duplicate voter registrations have also been removed in North Carolina. Because of Ohio s consistent role as a decisive swing state in America s elections, it has a duty to ensure that its voter records are in the best shape possible,  True the Vote Founder Catherine Engelbrecht said.  Having duplicate voters in Ohio s poll books not only creates confusion at the polling place, but raises the possibility of fraudulent double voting. The Buckeye State has recently seen first-hand just how far some are willing to go to see their candidate or cause win. TTV notes that the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN) had a  well-established track record  of giving local election officials questionable voter registration forms for years, especially in Midwestern and other political battleground states.ACORN bragged about submitting more than 1.3 million voter registrations in 2008 alone. After the organization was formally shutdown, 18 employees were convicted or admitted guilt to committing election crimes.A large percentage of the work that ACORN engaged in has been officially questioned.A Cleveland man said he was given cash and cigarettes by ACORN in exchange for registering 72 times. The complaints started an investigation into the organization and witnesses were subpoenaed to testify against the organization.The New York Post reported in 2009 that eleven ACORN workers in Florida were arrested after submitting approximately 1,400 applications of which about 900 were falsified.More than 2,000 applications were falsified in Indiana and submitted just hours before the registration deadline.As it relates to the 30 percent of Cleveland voters that registered twice, TTV founder Engelbrecht said,  While many voter records may become duplicated due to data management breakdowns, you have a different issue entirely when nearly a third of the irregularities show a pattern of intentional forgery. Engelbrecht warned,  Americans working in the polls and casting ballots must be extra vigilant this year to help spot irregularities that can throw an entire election into question. Via: Breitbart News",0
20890,"CHICAGO: 117 KILLED, 572 SHOT In 71 Days…Obama Terrorist Friend, Bill Ayers, Bernie Sanders, Black Lives Matter Make Violence Against FREE SPEECH Top Priority… Soros Group Openly Threatens Americans","Illegal aliens, paid Soros protesters, angry Black Lives Matter terrorists inspired by Obama s race war and Bernie Sanders supporters who have absolutely no idea why they showed up, sent four innocent police officers to the hospital; prevented thousands of innocent Americans from exercising their First Amendment right. Where are all of these  concerned citizens  (especially the Black Lives Matter terrorists) to protest for a solution for the murder of 117 people in Chicago already this year?George Soros Moveon.org group takes responsiblity for Alinsky style violent protests against free speech at Trump rally:Moveon.org shows its support for Socialist, Bernie Sanders. Here they  warn  anyone who opposes his radical ideology:Four police officers were sent to hospital:Violence against police officers is not only acceptable with Bernie Sanders and Black Lives Matter terrorists, its necessary to create chaos and panic:What kind of violent protest would be complete without Barack Obama s good friend, domestic terrorist Bill Ayers:Actual terrorist Bill Ayers is protesting against trump in Chicago. pic.twitter.com/7dqat4Dvmh  Progressives Today (@ProgsToday) March 11, 2016It s probably just a coincidence that on a day that Obama was too busy to attend Nancy Reagan s funeral, he was able to address a crowd about his hate for Trump only hours before this organized chaos in Chicago: And finally, we re wondering how much our Organizer In Chief had to do with this Alinsky style chaos in Chicago: ",0
20891,Anti-Trump Protesters Scream Profanities at FOX News in Segment on Peaceful Protests,Lefty losers  ,0
20892,CHICAGO TRUMP RALLY CANCELLED: Radicals And BLM Came Out To Riot Against The Free Speech Of Anyone BUT Them,"A huge rally of 10,000 Chicagoans didn t get to hear their candidate speak tonight because the left apparently thinks free speech goes one way. About 5,000-7,000 Trump supporters had filled the pavilion on the UIC campus with many more in line when all heck broke loose. The left is fuming tonight and decided to show up in force at a Trump rally in Chicago. Even lefty radical Bill Ayers decided to show up. The left is upset because they can t control the movement that is Trump. ",0
20893,OBAMA’S RACE WAR BACKFIRES: Shocking Number Of Students Chose NOT To Attend U Of Missouri After Black Lives Matter Tantrums,"The University Of Missouri students, and many on the faculty joined Obama s race war in November, 2015. Together, they began a PR campaign to ensure black students were guaranteed special treatment on campus that would only be afforded to them. Of course white students who ve been ovewhelmed by  White guilt,  (thanks to professors and teachers who make it their business to shame students for being born white) joined the cause to help relieve them of the burden they carry, as a result of their ancestors crimes. As a side note, it makes no difference if you just became a citizen last year. If you re white and live in America you re guilty! We covered the Black Lives Matter protests at Mizzou extensively. We told you about Dr. Dale Brigham, a beloved University of Missouri professor, who resigned after he refused to cancel a school exam during the Mizzou hunger strike and athlete s boycott. We showed you a DISTURBING VIDEO of an innocent Asian reporter who was bullied by Black Lives Matter protestors while attempting to cover the hunger strike of a not-so-poor oppressed student, who we exposed as the son of a multi-millionaire railroad executive. We reported about the Mizzou teacher who assaulted a reporter. We exposed the spoiled and self-centered behavior of the students involved in this divisive movement, when they admonished the world for caring more about the Paris terror attacks than their plight for justice. And finally, we reported about a highly recruited football player who after watching the hateful, divisive rhetoric being spewed by the professors and students at Mizzou decided to decline their offer to play football. This was the first step in the unravelling of the University Of Missouri.Here are a few of the tweets we saw from protestors and supporters claiming victory in their fight for  justice :Protest works y'all. Proof. We know where the power lies. #ConcernedStudent1950  Brian Kennedy II (@BrianEKennedy2) November 9, 2015The #ConcernedStudent1950 protest at @mucampusdining Plaza 900 earlier today. pic.twitter.com/ryEJ82uqSe  Anurag Chandran( ) (@AnuragRC) November 7, 2015To have the university system president to resign, that's huge! Wow great work #ConcernedStudent1950 other schools are on notice!  Antifa Jackson (@dthom24) November 9, 2015Jump to March, 2016, to see what the Black Lives Matter students and professors were able to accomplish for the good of the University:University of Missouri (MU) is losing about 1500 students and is facing a huge $32 million budget shortfall four months after it attracted national attention as the site of massive race-based campus protests. I am writing to you today to confirm that we project a very significant budget shortfall due to an unexpected sharp decline in first-year enrollments and student retention this coming fall. I wish I had better news,  said MU interim chancellor Hank Foley in a Wednesday letter to school staff that was obtained by Fox Sports.According to Foley s letter, MU will have about 1500 fewer students in fall 2016 compared to last year, an unexpected drop that is in turn causing a big dip in the school s tuition income.Because of the abrupt and unexpected nature of the shortfall, Foley is taking immediate and severe steps to fix the situation: The school budget is being cut 5 percent across the board, all hiring is being frozen (barring exceptional circumstances), and annual raises have been canceled. ",0
20894,WATCH: HILLARY CALLS PARENT Of Benghazi Victim a Liar On National TV,"Apparently being the wife of a former Democrat President and serial pervert, and (more importantly) having a vagina, allows people to overlook her reprehensible behavior During Wednesday night s democratic debate, Hillary Clinton said the mother of a Benghazi victim lied.Patricia Smith, the mother of Sean Smith, one of the four Americans who were killed by terrorists in an attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi during Clinton s tenure, said in a CNN interview last October that Clinton lied to her about the circumstances surrounding her son s death.Instead of stating that her son s death had been caused by an act of terrorism, Clinton blamed an inflammatory video that had been circulating online in the weeks leading up to the attack   a narrative she knew at the time to be false.When asked about this on Wednesday, Clinton pushed back at Smith s claim, saying the mother of the Benghazi victim was  absolutely wrong. I can t imagine the grief she has about losing her son,  Clinton said.  But she s wrong. She s absolutely wrong! Via:The FederalistOf course, Hillary was LYING when she called Sean Smith s mother a liar. There is clear evidence of her lie that was found in her unsecured emails. Her media allies at CNN chose to give her a pass on the truth in favor of allowing a greiving mother of an American hero to be called a liar on national tv. Watch the video of Hillary s testimony in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi: Hillary Clinton sent an email to her daughter, Chelsea, on Sept. 11, 2012 in which she asserted that an al-Qaida-like group was responsible for the terrorist attacks in Benghazi, it was revealed on Thursday during the former secretary of state s testimony to the House Select Committee on Benghazi.The email, which was revealed by Ohio Rep. Jim Jordan, indicates that Clinton knew early on that the attacks which left four Americans dead was carried out by terrorists. But as Jordan pointed out, Clinton and others in the Obama administration had already begun crafting the narrative that the attack was spontaneous and that the attackers were motivated by a YouTube video many Muslims found offensive. ",0
20895,OBAMA’S DOJ TO BLAME IRAN FOR CYBER-ATTACK On NY Dam In 2013…Wait…What About That Deal With Obama’s Ally In 2015?,"It s time for someone to tell Obama that Iran is not an ally The Justice Department is drawing up an indictment that lays blame for the 2013 cyber-attack against a dam in Westchester squarely on hackers working for the Iranian government, a law enforcement source confirmed to The Post.The FBI has been investigating since the discovery of the breach, with the indictment expected to be handed down soon, the source said.The hackers were unable to seize control of the Bowman Avenue Dam in the suburban town of Rye, but they were able to access an unspecified system, sources said.At a time when cyber-intrusions of government agencies are becoming more frequent, the breach at the small dam led to great concern within the Obama administration, sources said.Over recent years, hackers have breached systems in the White House, State Department, FBI and US Postal Service, to name a few. Via:NYP ",0
20896,DO YOU WANT TO SAVE AMERICA FROM HILLARY? Share This VIDEO With Everyone You Know…,WATCH: Even her friends on the Left appear to be fed up with Hillary s lies. Is it possible the media has finally grown tired of covering for Hillary?,0
20897,DO YOU KNOW SOMEONE Who Is Afflicted With “The Bern”?…Great News…There Is A Cure! [VIDEO],"Do you have a friend, a co-worker or (in my case) a relative who supports Bernie Sanders? Instead of trying to explain the danger of socialism in America to them (the equivalent of beating your head against a brick wall), share this very informative video: ",0
20898,BADASS ISRAELI Stabbed By Palestinian…Pulls Knife From Neck…What He Did Next Is STUNNING!,"Wow! This guy deserves a medal of honor for his act of super-human strength and courage An Israeli man attacked by a Palestinian Tuesday allegedly pulled his assailant s knife from his own neck and then proceeded to kill the attacker.The 40-year-old Israeli was apparently collecting money for charity at a store in the suburb of Petah Tikva at the time he was assaulted. After receiving several wounds to the neck and upper body in what police described as a  frenzied attack,  he removed the attacker s knife from his own body and, together with the store owner, used the knife on the attacker.The man is currently hospitalized in moderate condition, the store owner received no injuries. Israeli police confirmed that the incident was a terrorist attack, countering earlier reports that it may have been the result of an altercation.Nati Ostri, a paramedic who helped treat the victim, said he was found on the floor of the store before being transferred to a local hospital. Via: Daily Caller ",0
20899,"GENERAL BOYKIN On Gender Neutral Bathrooms: “…the first man that walks in my daughter’s bathroom, he ain’t going to have to worry about surgery.”",General Boykin spoke at The Awakening 2016 conference and had this to say about the hot topic of gender neutral bathrooms: ,0
20900,SOCIALIST BERNIE SANDERS Praises Castro [Video],"A video from 1985 was shown last night during the Dem debate that has people bussing this morning. Yes we all know Sanders is a socialist but it s interesting to hear him speak about Cuba and Castro .Hey, youth of America who think Sanders is the best thing since sliced bread, do you REALLY want this guy? ",0
20901,BERNIE SUES To Allow 17 Year Olds To Vote,"Next up is a law suit to make it legal for H-1B Visa holders, felons and illegal aliens to vote in every state. You didn t think the Democrats were trying to protect illegals and grant dangerous criminals an early release because they cared about them, did you? Bernie Sanders s campaign has filed a lawsuit against Ohio s secretary of state to allow 17-year olds to vote in the Democratic primary on March 15, according to a CNN report.Sanders s campaign manager told reporters in Michigan on Tuesday that Republican Jon Husted, who is Ohio s secretary of State, has changed the rules to make it so that those who are currently 17, but will be 18 by the time of the November general election, cannot vote in the state s primaries. The secretary of state has decided to disenfranchise people who are 17 but will be 18 by the day of the general election,  Weaver said, according to CNN.  Those people have been allowed to vote under the law of Ohio, but the secretary of state of the state of Ohio has decided to disenfranchise those people to forbid them from voting in the primary that is coming up on March 15. Sanders has galvanized the support of many young liberal voters, and routinely thumps Democratic rival Hillary Clinton among voters under the age of 40. Clinton generally dominates Sanders among older voters.[quote_box_center]After eight years of Obama, who delivered the same false message of  hope  via free sh*t to America s youth, Bernie Sanders supporters are ready to cast their vote for another lying politician who is promising them a utopia that s impossible to deliver. [/quote_box_center]Millenials are struggling with an immense burden of student debt   debt that rose 25% between 2008 and 2012 alone (the Obama years) even as the economy struggled. According to one 2014 calculation, millennials make up about 40% of the ranks of the unemployed; when they have jobs, they may be underemployed (Starbucks barista, anyone?) or underpaid, or competing ruthlessly for a handful of lucrative opportunities. Some studies suggest that while they might be frugal, their financial situations (coupled, sometimes, with a dearth of financial literacy) can spell trouble.One Pricewaterhouse Coopers survey found 24% of millennial respondents were familiar with basic financial concepts; 30% routinely overdrew their checking accounts (racking up banking fees) and more than 20% ended up dipping into their retirement savings (incurring fees and penalties). Nearly half couldn t come up with $2,000 in the next month in an emergency, making them  financially fragile .The last president elected with a platform of hope and change largely failed to deliver, in their eyes. Oh, and his administration included Hillary Clinton.The issue [of allowing 17 year olds to vote] came to light after a report in the Columbus Dispatch, in which a state Democratic lawmaker accused Husted of changing the rules to keep those who will be 18 by Nov. 4 from voting in the presidential primary.Husted called those accusations and the Sanders lawsuit baseless in a statement released over Twitter, saying that Ohio is operating under the same set of rules it has used in past primaries.Husted s response to Sanders  ridiculous lawsuit can be found here:Some facts about voting for 17-year-olds   they can vote in the primary on nominations, not on delegates or issues. pic.twitter.com/i7pe7Eg6Wl  Jon Husted (@JonHusted) March 8, 2016Via: The Hill",0
20902,HEY HILLARY…Who Are You Going To Blame For The 18 Cities In Pennsylvania With Higher Lead Levels Than Flint?,"Does anyone believe for one second that Hillary or Bernie give a damn about the citizens of Flint, MI? This water issue is nothing more than a campaign tool for Hillary and Bernie, used to prove how much they care for the majority black community of Flint. It s also a great way to pin the blame on MI Republican Governor, Rick Snyder. For anyone who s keeping score, Allentown, PA has the highest recorded elevated lead level in the state, at 23.11% higher than the rest of the state, compared to Flint, Michigan s 3.21%. Allentown, PA has a Democrat mayor, Ed Pawlowski, who has something in common with Hillary, he s under investigation by the FBI. As a side note, a Republican has not held a seat on Allentown city council since 2006. Pennsylvania s govenror, Tom Wolf is also a Democrat.The lead poisoning crisis in Flint, Michigan, was a surprise, an emergency that occurred after the city switched to a new, cheaper water source.But there are at least six cities in the United States where we should, in theory, have really good data on lead exposure. In fiscal year 2014, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention spent almost $2 million as part of a three-year funding commitment to help some of the biggest cities in the country monitor lead exposure.I spent the past week looking at these cities, and came away with three main findings. The first is that the rate of lead exposure in Pennsylvania is incredibly alarming. Nearly 10 percent of the more than 140,000 kids tested had levels of 5 or more micrograms per deciliter of lead in the blood (5  g/dL)   this is the threshold the government uses to identify children with dangerously elevated blood lead levels. One percent tested positive for blood lead levels greater than 10  g/dL.Compare that to Flint, where state data shows the rate of lead exposure for 5  g/dL from 2014 to 2015 as 3.21 percent. Other researchers have found that specific areas of the city have exposure rates as high as 6.3 percent. That s alarming, but still a lower rate than 18 of the 20 cities in Pennsylvania.While there is strong reason to believe that the increased lead exposure rates in Flint are related to the change in Flint s water source to the Flint River in April 2014, it is important to note that the lead exposure rates in Pennsylvania are largely linked to aging, deteriorating lead-based paint (chips and dust).Second, there are cities that have made really good strides in reducing lead exposure; both Chicago and New York are prime examples.Third, even some of these cities that get money for the express purpose of monitoring lead exposure do not make finding the data easy.Vox reached out to the six cities currently receiving funding from the CDC   Houston, Texas, Philadelphia, Los Angeles, Washington, DC, Chicago, and New York City. Of the six cities, only two were able to provide lead exposure data at the neighborhood level. The other four are getting money to monitor lead exposure   but aren t making the results easily accessible to the public.Philadelphia was not able to share community-area lead level exposure rates, but a 2014 Pennsylvania Department of Health annual report that included detailed information on 20 cities showed that 17 of those had a higher percentage of children with blood lead levels (BLLs)   5  g/dL than the rest of the state.Cities like Allentown and Altoona had more than double the state exposure rate of 9.37 percent, and the group of 20 cities had a collective rate of 11.49 percent, also higher than the state rate. The geometric mean of blood lead level tests performed in Pennsylvania was 2.3  g/dL, which is substantially lower than the state s rate, indicating some cities in Pennsylvania are disproportionately impacted by lead exposure. Via: Vox ",0
20903,THE VIDEO HILLARY CLINTON Does NOT Want You To See,Spread this EVERYWHERE! ,0
20904,TWO BALTIMORE POLICE OFFICERS CHARGED In Brutal Beating Of 16 Yr Old Caught On VIDEO…Why Al Sharpton And Black Lives Matter Terrorists Won’t Care,"This story will fade quickly to back page news in the mainstream media. Two black officers supposedly physically abused a 16 year old black boy. Yawn   If these police officers were white you d be seeing this story ad nauseum until those officers lives were threatened, they lost their jobs and were behind bars. Black Lives Matter terrorists and Obama s Race War Czar, Al Sharpton wouldn t be satisfied until a city was burned to the ground, the entire police force was called out for being  racists  and someone (preferably a white person) in the police department was fired for not preventing this from happening. AP  Two officers who police Baltimore s public schools walked out of jail Wednesday pending trial for assault and misconduct after their violent confrontation with a student was recorded by another teenager.Both have checkered records, prompting parents and authorities alike to question whether enough is being done to prevent violent people from being hired to keep schoolchildren peaceful and safe.Here s the assault caught on tape:https://youtu.be/zZPX_bzka40Police said Wednesday that Saverna Bias allegedly told her fellow officer, Anthony Spence, to use force against the teen.According to a witness, she said,  You need to smack him because he s got too much mouth,  police said. The video shows Spence shouting profanities as he repeatedly slaps and kicks the boy, telling him to leave the school and go home.Spence was not trying to arrest the 10th grader, neither was he acting in reasonable self-defense, city police said.In the cellphone video, Spence is heard shouting while he repeatedly slaps the 16-year-old student and kicks him at REACH Partnership School, while Bias looks on.Spence s attorney Mike Davey told the Baltimore Sun on Thursday that his client believed the 16-year-old and his friend was trespassing on school grounds. Both said they were students at REACH, but Davey said they were not wearing uniforms and could not provide the principal s name when questioned.The 16-year-old was later confirmed as a student at REACH, his attorney told the newspaper.  BuzzfeedAt a packed school board meeting Tuesday night, some parents and principals implored officials to keep officers in the schools for everyone s safety. Students and their advocates countered that having armed police with insufficient oversight in schools can be damaging and dangerous.Tim Martin, an administrator at the New Hope Academy, said he understands the frustration, but believes most officers show enough patience to  therapeutically de-escalate students in crisis and help school personnel maintain a safe school environment. Spence, 44, and Bias, 53, turned themselves in Tuesday night and were released on bond on charges of second-degree assault and misconduct in office. Spence also is charged with second-degree child abuse. Both officers have been suspended, and Spence is being denied pay, since he faces a felony.Baltimore School Police Chief Marshall Goodwin, whose department is separate from the city s police force, also went on leave, for  personal reasons,  as the video began circulating a day after the March 1 confrontation. A week later, as city police and prosecutors continue investigating, Baltimore City Schools CEO Gregory Thornton has refused to explain his absence.",0
20905,HILLARY TO OBAMA: “call off your f–king dogs”,"According to insider, and author Edward Klein, Hillary took on Barack Obama over his involvement in exposing her email scandal several months ago. Many Americans are wondering if Obama is stonewalling the FBI s  investigation, or if in fact, he is encouraging the investigation, hoping it will take her down.  This isn t the first report of Hillary behaving in a manner that is, shall we say,  un-presidential?   According to White House insiders, it seems that Bill has been on the receiving end of Hillary s rage more than once as well   An enraged Hillary Rodham Clinton blew up at President Obama, demanding he  call off your f king dogs  looking into her emails during a tense Oval Office meeting, according to a new book.The book,  Unlikeable: The Problem with Hillary,  says the former first lady was furious at what she believed were damaging leaks by Obama aides that led to investigations of her use of a private email server as secretary of state. So she went right to the top to settle the matter.Clinton requested a meeting with Obama, against the advice of hubby Bill Clinton, believing  she was being persecuted for minor, meaningless violations,  author Edward Klein writes.Clinton initially took a friendly approach during the meeting and Obama reacted as if he didn t know what she was talking about, the book claims. He was almost being deliberately dense,  a Clinton source said.  It really angered her. Clinton lost her temper and called the president by his first name in an emotionally driven break with White House decorum, according to the book. What I want for you to do is call off your f king dogs, Barack!  Clinton allegedly barked at Obama, according to Klein s account, which cited sources close to Clinton and Obama senior adviser Valerie Jarrett.The president was so stunned by Clinton s disrespectful demands, he needed a moment to compose himself, the book claims.Obama then responded,  There is nothing I can do for you one way or another. Things have been set in motion, and I can t and won t interfere. Your problems are, frankly, of your own making. If you had been honest . . . Klein reports Clinton interrupted,  There are always haters out there to get the Clintons. The Democratic 2016 front-runner is said to have later regretted her tirade against the president   not for the disrespect she showed, but for the weakness she displayed.Nick Merrill, Clinton s spokesman, called Klein s account  bulls t. Another book? Someone should do a book about Ed,  said Merrill.  They could call it  Bulls t: The Problem with Anything Ed Klein Writes. The only true thing about him is his consistent and utter lack of a relationship with the facts,  Merrill said.  He has more hair than credibility, and the man is bald. So we re not going to get down in the gutter with him and his outrageous fabrications.  Via: NYPHillary s on a mission to be a softer, warmer, funnier candidate   but according to a new book, the real Hillary Clinton is so volatile and prone to violent outbursts that she terrorizes staff, Secret Service agents and even her own husband. Hillary Clinton has a long history of being domestically violent with Bill,  Stone writes.  Hillary has beaten Bill, hit him with hard objects, scratched and clawed him, and made him bleed. ",0
20906,FRANCE: REFUGEE PAYS ANOTHER REFUGEE To Rape Worker As Pay Back For THIS,"No woman should be working in these public housing units where they re surrouded by men who are part of a culture where rape is a right.The 16-year-old adolescent, questioned and incarcerated on Saturday following the rape of a hotel employee in Orl an the previous week, says that he acted at a friend s request. These two unaccompanied minors, of African origin, were placed in this institution by the social assistance for children department of the local council.But one of the two adolescents apparently was very pressing towards the employee to the point where the young woman, in her 20s, ended up complaining about the sexual harassment she suffered each day. When alerted, the social services then decided to move the young man away and place him in the Children s institution in Orl ans.But he maintained his ties with his friend who remained in the hotel. The latter, after having taken flight, handed himself in on Thursday. Although he admitted the rape, and the premeditation   he called his victim a few minutes before the attack to ask for a clean towel, saying he would meet her not far from the laundry room   he insisted that he only acted at the request of his friend, who wanted to get revenge on the employee. He says he was promied  100 to commit the crime. Via:larep.fr",0
20907,SHOCKING NUMBER OF MICHIGAN VOTERS Want MUSLIM Ban In Their State,"Thus the big win for Donald Trump in blue state of Michigan Michigan has one of the largest Muslim populations of any state, yet 6 out of 10 Republicans in the state favored a temporary ban on Muslim visitors to the United States, according to early exit poll results from CNN.The proposal   championed by Republican frontrunner Donald J. Trump   was even more popular in Mississippi, where 7 out of 10 Republicans favored a ban on Muslim travel. Those proportions match the range of responses among the states that voted a week ago on Tuesday, ranging from 64% (Virginia) to Alabama (78%).The exit polls confirm recent public polling results, such as a WXYZ / Free Press poll that showed 61% support in Michigan for a ban on Muslims. Local Muslims in Michigan reacted with concern at the poll results. Via: Breitbart News",0
20908,NAVY SEALS “Forced To Spend Their Own Money On Combat Gear”…WHILE U.S. Marines Will Spend $50 MILLION To Save Desert Tortoises,"The security of our nation has never been more threatened than it is today, under the incompetent leadership of Barack Hussein Obama. The idea that we have one of the most highly trained group of warriors in our US Military paying for their own combat gear is unconscionable. Meanwhile, we are about the spend $50 MILLION or $42,000 per tortoise, to transplant  them from a desert in CA to a new environment, where they may or may not survive, is a perfect example of how upside down our nation s priorities are today Breitbart   Congressman Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-CA), a Marine with three combat deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan on his resume, says Navy SEALs have been telling him they are running short on combat rifles.The Associated Press reports Hunter describing a  weapons carousel  in which SEALs returning from deployment hand their weapons off to outgoing troops, a practice he described as undermining the  train like you fight  ideal, and disrupting the personal connection special operators develop with their finely-tuned weapons. Hunter stressed the importance of allowing special operators to train with the same weapons they bring into the field. As it currently stands, following a deployment, a SEAL will have his weapon taken from him, which has been fine-tuned to certain specifications, and given to a different operator to use. This means that SEALs standing by to deploy are waiting for different teams to come back stateside just so they can use their weapons,  said Hunter. They want their rifles. It s their lifeline. So let them keep their guns until they re assigned desk jobs at the Pentagon,  the Congressman urged.According to the Navy Times, some SEALs have been  forced to spend their own money on combat gear. Former active-duty special operator Lt. Cmdr. Sean Matson, visiting Capitol Hill at Hunter s invitation, said he  had to put up $900 of his own money to buy a high-quality ballistic helmet when the Navy dragged its heels on upgrading his kit. Hunter portrayed the SEAL rifle shortage as a consequence of  wasteful spending,  noting that abundant funds for purchasing rifles, which are far less expensive than most of the equipment the military buys, should be available, based on congressional spending authorizations for special ops forces.Hunter s chief of staff Joe Kasper told the Navy Times shortages of  optics, night vision, and laser attachments  have also been reported, even as the budget for Navy Special Warfare increased. So there are obviously some trade-offs being made, but they re occurring at the expense of operators and their firepower   and those are the absolute worst trade-offs to make,  said Kasper. Meanwhile Daily Caller   The Marine Corps is getting ready to conduct a massive operation to move hundreds of desert tortoises living on combat training grounds so they won t be crushed to death by military vehicles.The operation s total cost: $50 million to move 1,185 tortoises, or about $42,000 per tortoise. ",0
20909,THE FIX IS IN: Michigan Mayor Threatened By DNC For CHEERING For His Candidate At Debate [VIDEO],"Here is a screen shot of the Facebook post by Warren, MI Mayor Jim Fouts where he explains what happened to him at the Democrat Debate last night. It s interesting that the Mayor accuses the Democrat party of using  totalitarian control  to silence him. Where the heck has he been for the last several decades? I mean, no one forced him to be a Democrat, and certainly nothing has changed in decades if not for centuries. The Democrat party just seems to be more open about their unscrupulous behavior now, since stealing and cheating their fellow Americans seems to be more acceptable under the reign of their Community Organizer In Chief .Maybe the real reason they didn t want the Mayor at the debate is because the Democrat Mayor lauded GM valet driver, Didarul Sarder, a concealed carrier, who stopped a woman from stabbing her mother to death at the GM Tech Center last month. Fortunately Didarul Sarder was able to prevent any further stabbing by threatening the aggressor with his gun. Sarder was  also able to hold her at gunpoint until the police were able to arrive. Any Democrat Mayor who celebrates a concealed carry hero is not someone who the gun-grabbing Hillary wants supporting her campaign.Here s a screen shot of the loving daughter who stabbed her mother so many times, she was clinging to life by a thread.Watch dramatic video here: The man who broke up a stabbing at the General Motors Tech Center last week was honored Thursday for stopping a crime that could have ended worse.Didarul Sarder was given a proclamation from Warren Mayor Jim Fouts and a $1,000 gift certificate to a Shelby Township jewelry store. My first reaction was to try to save this woman s life,  the Warren resident said when he saw a 32-year-old woman stabbing her 52-year-old mother multiple times outside the main door of one of the buildings on the automaker s Warren campus on Van Dyke.Said Fouts:  Any of us   we never know when we ll need a Didarul Sarder. Without his help, I believe the woman would ve passed away. Sarder intervened, but how he did it nearly cost him his job.Legally licensed to carry a weapon, Sarder pointed his gun at the younger woman and gave a warning   drop the weapon or I ll shoot   and the woman complied. The problem is, Sarder s employer, Chicago-based contractor SP Plus, and General Motors, which contracts with the valet service, have a no-gun policy at the tech center.GM interceded on Sarder s behalf and SP Plus agreed he should keep his job, with the understanding he would comply with the no guns policy. He returned to work Monday.The incident happened around 9:17 a.m. last Wednesday when Sarder heard from the valets he manages that a woman was being attacked. Video shown at Thursday s event shows Sarder, 32, ran through the building s lobby, got outside and saw a woman being stabbed. He pulled his gun and ordered her attacker to stop.The aggressor is facing charges and the victim is recovering in the hospital.Fouts said if his political role model, President Harry Truman, were around, Sarder might have received a presidential proclamation, not just a mayoral one. Via: Detroit News",0
20910,BEST BERNIE SANDERS Yard Sign You Will EVER See!,"Here s a great way to explain socialism to the neighbors. Of course, we re not condoning doing anything that might be considered illegal ",0
20911,"STAND UP AND CHEER! UKIP Party Leader SLAMS Germany, France And EU Invasion Of Phony Refugees [VIDEO]","He s been Europe s version of the outspoken Ted Cruz for some time now. Nigel Farage, leader of the UK Independence Party may be the most disliked member of the European Parliment. But he plows ahead, ignorning  the open sneers and insults by his fellow members of the EU Parliment.  In what must count as perhaps the worst piece of public policy seen in modern Europe for half a century. When you compound it with an already failing and flawed EU common asylum policy, by saying to the whole world,  Please come to Europe.  and we saw frankly, virtually a stampede, and we learned that 80% of those that are coming are not Syrian refugees. In fact, what you ve done is opened the door to young, male, economic migrants, many of whom I have to say behave quite in a rather an aggressive manner, quite the opposite of what you would expect to see of any refugee. And yet when that failure is met by objections from countries like Hungary, their opinions are crushed.  This isn t a Europe of peace, it s a Europe of division, it s a Europe of disharmony, it s a Europe that s a recipe for resentment. And yet, faced with all this failure, both of you said the same thing today. You said,  Europe isn t working so let s have some more Europe, more of the same failing.  Well there is I think, a bright star on the horizon. It s called the British referendum. And given that none of you want to concede Britain the ability to take back control of her own borders, a  Brexit  now, looks more likely than at any other time. We could use about 100 Nigel Farage s in our U.S. Congress .https://youtu.be/GbJp8zxduWk",0
20912,"Bernie Sanders: When you’re White, you don’t know what it’s like to be poor…to live in ghetto” [VIDEO]","Bernie Sanders is so focused on pandering to blacks, trashing whites and bashing police officers, he doesn t even notice when he s stuck his decrepit old foot in his mouth  Hillary and Bernie are so busy pandering to the black vote, they almost forgot the majority of Americans are not black and their constant barage of disparaging remarks and insults directed at white voter just might make some white Americans NOT want to support them Being a white person in the United States of America, I know that I have never had the experience that so many people in this audience have had,  Clinton said.  I think it s incumbent upon me and what I have been trying to talk about is to urge white people about what it is like to have  the talk  with your kids, scared that yours or daughters even could get in trouble for no good reason whatsoever, like Sandra Bland and end up dead in a jail in Texas.   That is what I will try to do to deal with what I know is the racism that stalking our country,  she said.  When you re white, you don t know what it s like to be living in a ghetto and to be poor,  Sanders said.  You don t know what it s like to be hassled when you walk down the street or get dragged out of a car. I believe as a nation in the year 2016, we must be firm in making it clear: We will end institutional racism and reform a broken criminal justice system.  Via: National Review",0
20913,FATHER HOSPITALIZED After Telling SHARIA PATROL To Stop Threatening Wife And Daughter For Violating Dress Code,"The EU has opened the floodgates to Muslims from the Middle East and Africa who have no interest in assimilating. Did anyone really believe they would be able to maintain their history and their culture? Remember when people dreamed about going on a European vacation?Austrians fear parts of Vienna are becoming no-go areas after a father was attacked by a  Sharia patrol  when he told them to stop threatening his wife and daughter for not being correctly dressed.As various factions of migrants stake claims to territory in the city, it has been reported that the self-styled Sharia patrols have been visiting clubs and bars in the Millennium City area to make sure Chechen women were properly dressed and acting appropriately.However, when one Austrian man tried to step in to stop the patrol from hassling his Chechen wife and daughter, he ended up being hospitalised.It came as violence escalated across Vienna at the weekend, with more than 50 young men from the Afghan and Chechen communities clashing in the city centre.The gang had attacked each other with planks of wood, iron bars and knives. Two of those injured are in intensive care and their condition is described as critical.Police say that the row   which involved around 40 people from Afghanistan attacking 10 from Chechnya   had centred around a social media row on Facebook.Six of the alleged asylum seekers from Afghanistan have been arrested. The rest have escaped.Local couple Thomas and Manuela Sonntagfruh, standing on the bloodstained ground after the carnage at the weekend, said:  It is quite common that young people might argue, but something like this just isn t normal. The latest incident follows on from mass punch-ups not only in other parts of Vienna, but also in the cities of Linz, Graz, Sankt Polten and in Salzburg. Via: Daily Mail ",0
20914,LOL! ONE WORD THAT DESCRIBES HILLARY Perfectly Appears Behind Her At Rally…She’s Not Going To Like It!,Most sane Americans are gonna love it!h/t Weasel Zippers,0
20915,They Fought And Died To Protect Total STRANGERS From Socialism…Why Young Voters Are Embracing The Same EVIL In America Today,"This is a brilliantly written piece by Nick Short of Politically Short on the successful indoctrination our youth. He explains what has led the to rabid support Bernie Sanders, an avowed Socialist and a true disciple of Saul Alinsky, Hillary Clinton In his book The Snapping of the American Mind, David Kupelian asks the following painful question that millions of Americans like myself have pondered for years and will ponder for some time to come as America slowly rips itself apart. Kupelian writes,  How could it be that hundreds of thousands of Americans fought and bled   and many died   on foreign shores to contain an evil and metas-tasizing ideology variously called communism, Marxism, socialism, collectivism, or statism, and yet now, just a few years later, we would gaze up at the pinnacle of power in our own country and behold leaders in thrall to essentially the same core ideology we fought and died to protect strangers from? The answer to this is can be found within the culture itself and more specifically within Americas youth who have seemingly embraced the concept of socialism with little to no understanding of what socialism even is. Yet, like frogs slowly boiling to death in the cesspools that have become our college campuses, our nations youth collectively embrace the ideology that will destroy them while demanding that they be  protected  from opinions that run contrary to their beliefs. For instance, after the outspoken conservative and feminist critic Milo Yiannopoulos gave a speech at Rutgers University the college responded in a way that has become typical in the cesspools that are our academia. Writing in the Rutgers campus newspaper, The Daily Targum, Noa Halff notes:Students and faculty gathered in the Paul Robeson Cultural Center on Busch campus to generate dialogue about Yiannopoulos s visit and the protest that occurred during his lecture. A variety of different organizations and departments were present to listen, answer questions and show support.Representatives from the Rutgers University Police Department, the Office of Violence Prevention and Victim Assistance, Counseling, Alcohol and other Drug Assistance Program and Psychiatric Services and the Bias Prevention and Education Committee were present. Members from the Black Student Union, the Asian American Cultural Center, Center for Latino Arts and Culture, College Student Affairs and many more were also in attendance.In short, this official response to a conservative speaker from what was once one of America s most prestigious universities is a damning indictment of a generation that has been primed for totalitarianism. The fact that this isn t an isolated example is bad, but what s worse is that these very same college students have become champions of government regulated speech so long as the speech being regulated emanates from the right. This is happening while at the same time students are actively discouraged from thinking for themselves. It s a testament to how successful the left has been in capturing our nations schools that today analytical thinking, once the basis of our education system, is virtually gone.It s a symptom of progressivism to see that the supposed  college educated  today have become fierce proponents for government regulated speech, but progressivism itself is not the underlying root cause. The cause itself can be found in the ideology known as liberalism which has been carried to its logical and practical extreme, totalitarianism.As James Burnham explained in his 1964 classic, Suicide of the West,  liberalism has always operated most naturally as a tendency of opposition to the prevailing order, to the status quo, the ancien r gime, the Establishment in general or in its several parts.  Liberalism, continues Burnham,  has always stressed change, reform, the break with encrusted habit whether in the form of old ideas, old customs or old institutions. Thus liberalism has been and continues to be primarily negative in its impact on society.  What is different today though is that liberalism now controls all the powerful institutions of culture, from the media to education and everything in between, while at the same time it faces literally no opposition. The left controls the culture and given that political issues are often decided at the cultural level before they even reach the political realm, the opposition is almost always rendered defenseless. Or in the case of college campuses, the opposition isn t even permitted to make its case.It is outright totalitarianism that is taking place today within American society from the silencing of conservatives on college campuses to forcing Christian business owners to pay excessive fines and face prison sentences for holding true to their beliefs in traditional marriage. The nation has fractured into two separate Americas that continue to drift further and further apart with half the nation seemingly convinced that their rights stem from the government while the other from God. The former seeks not only to control the latter but to see to it that the latter is utterly destroyed. To accomplish this, liberalism functions as all totalitarian movements have functioned in the past, by subjecting individuals to unbearable stress, conflict, and crisis until each is broken. Whether the means to do so are accomplished financially, spiritually, culturally, or psychologically matters little as it always justifies the end. The end of course being the destruction of the will of each and every American so that liberalism can remake the individual from the ashes in which it has destroyed them.Liberalism wants you to snap, it wants to challenge your sanity and destroy your belief system so that it can remold you in its image of dependency. First and foremost though, it must extinguish those institutions in which we hold dear. It is why, since his first day in office, Barack Obama has relentlessly attacked the cultural, moral, and religious institutions that those of us on the right hold dear. Yet, even Obama himself is not solely the one to blame for he represents the logical extreme of liberalism; He is a symptom of the progressive creation and his rise to the pinnacle of power in this nation represented a turning point for the worse as the government has been infused with an ideology of totalitarianism. Take a look at any government agency functioning today and you d be hard pressed to find just one that isn t completely politicized into attacking the ideological opponents of progressivism. In turn, you can do the same exact thing with our culture itself and you ll find the same results. Wherever the progressives are in power, from the government to the culture to the academia and the media, the hatred of Western values dominates.Popular discourse today sees the West in general as being  guilty of genocidal crimes against civilization  for Western values seen through the lens of liberalism represents the  greatest repository of racism, sexism, xenophobia, antisemitism, fascism, and narcissism.  As the Father of the New Left Herbert Marcuse so eloquently put it,  American society is oppressive, evil, and undeserving of loyalty.  With this notion in mind, liberalism places a new emphasis on liberating all men and women from the  evil repression  and  tyrannical values  that Western civilization was built upon. To bring this about, progressives have designed numerous strategies to discredit and smear the values that had forged and sustained the West for the past 2,000 years. The left, no matter what they call them-self today, breeds the ideology the totalitarianism as every single proposed and forced through  reforms  serves to reduce human personality to its most primitive levels and to extinguish the highest, most complex, and  God-like  aspects of human individuality. Even equality itself, while serving as a powerful appeal to the masses with its great promises of  each according to his need , turns out to signify not equality of rights, of opportunities, and of external conditions, but equality of complete uniformity in thought and condition.The total implementation of the principles espoused by liberalism deprives human life of individuality and simultaneously deprives life of its meaning and attraction. America isn t at this point yet, but it is coming as reflected in a generation that is at best negligent and at worst complicit in the march towards totalitarianism. How do I know for certain that this is where we are headed? Because what iv e been calling progressive totalitarianism is what was once called socialism. And following the basic tendency of socialism, liberalism is hostile toward human personality not only as a category, but ultimately to its very existence. In the words of Alexander Solzhenitsyn,  socialism of any type and shade leads to a total destruction of the human spirit and to a leveling of mankind into death. Socialism masquerading as progressivism is really totalitarianism that will inevitably lead to the total destruction of the American spirit and to a leveling of America into death. For entire story: Politically ShortPlease consider making a donation to Nick Short s website HERE",0
20916,BUCKLE UP AMERICA: Dinesh D’Souza’s Is About To EXPOSE The Democrat Party In “Hillary’s America”…WATCH The Powerful NEW Trailer HERE,"No one exposes the truth about the corrupt and self-serving Democrat party better than Dinesh D Souza. For decades, the Democrat party has been able to sweep their role in slavery under the rug this movie could change that. The movie is set to be released on July 25,2016. It all began when the Obama Administration tried to shut me up. What did I learn? The system doesn t go after them because they run the system. It s time to go behind the curtain discover the soul of the Democratic Party. CLICK HERE to purchase tickets or to find out if  Hillary s America  is playing in a theater near you. If there is no theater willing to show  Hillary s America  near you, click HERE to demand your local theater shows this important film.The Blaze Tucked among talk about his new book, upcoming documentaries and the future of the United States, Dinesh D Souza made a major prediction on the next American president:  If I had to bet now, I regret to say, I would bet on Hillary. [quote_box_center] [Clinton s campaign staff] fight like it matters to them,  D Souza said on The Glenn Beck Program.  They re in a knife fight, not a chess match, and we have to up our game. [/quote_box_center][quote_box_center] I respect their ruthlessness,  D Souza said.  If you look at Hillary, her political strategy is to doggedly move ahead and dare everybody else to bludgeon her to the ground and sit on her, otherwise she s going to keep moving   you ve got to respect that. [/quote_box_center] Her ambition is to establish a kind of stranglehold of control over the leaders of wealth and power in America,  D Souza posited.  I don t just mean the government. I mean the private sector, over the lives of American citizens. D Souza compared the presidential contender s ambition to a  Napoleonic hunger for power  and  tyrannical impulse,  claiming Clinton would not be satisfied  if everything is not at your command   if everyone is not at your behest. ",0
20917,OOPS! HYPOCRITE HILLARY Uses FLINT WATER CRISIS To Prop Up Campaign…Ignores Major 1992 Clinton Water Pollution Scandal,"Only Hillary would go to Flint, MI to use the water crisis in a city run by Democrats to prop up her campaign. Americans should have known that with the extensive list of scandals in Hillary s past, there had to be a water pollution scandal. Well, as it turns out there is and it s a whopper!  Hillary Clinton has turned the drinking water crisis in Flint, Michigan, into a central issue for her campaign and will look to capitalize on that focus when she faces Bernie Sanders at Saturday s Democratic debate in the troubled city, but in the 1992 Democratic primary, it was Bill Clinton who was on defense for standing by as Arkansas  water was polluted.Former senator Tom Harkin (D., Iowa) went after Clinton during a candidate forum that year for putting himself forward as an environmentalist even though Arkansas was an environmental disaster during his tenure as governor. Mr. Clinton, that was a very nice, flowery little speech, but we have to start reading the records and not the lips,  said Harkin, who went on to point out that Arkansas was rated last in environmental policy during his governorship.Here s video of the interaction:Harkin also said that Clinton s Environmental Protection Agency was  a joke  and that it was  loaded with representatives of the biggest polluter in Arkansas. That polluter was Tyson Foods, a powerful political backer of Clinton that contaminated the drinking water supply of more than 300,000 people with roughly 500,000 tons of chicken waste that was dumped into streams. The presence of  fecal bacteria  in the water caused entire towns near Tyson plants to be plagued by chronic dysentery and salmonella.In one case, it took Clinton 17 months after being notified by health inspectors that a Tyson plant was leaking 1 million gallons of sewage into a town s water supply to take any action.This turned into a major issue in the 1992 campaign, and not just for Clinton s opponents.After Clinton won his party s nomination, CNN sent a reporter to Arkansas to examine just how bad the environmental situation was.Here s video of the lengthy report:The report found that state agencies were aware that 3,700 miles of Arkansas waterways were at risk of being destroyed by  agricultural source pollution  and that it took Clinton until 1990 to create a task force to address the problem.One scientist who focused on the quality of Arkansas water expressed his belief to CNN that the only reason Clinton formed the task force was because of his presidential aspirations. I think there is a direct connection between the current emphasis on animal waste and runoff and his bid for the presidency,  said hydrologist Skip Halterman.Clinton is also criticized by CNN for giving a third of the seats on the task force to members of the poultry industry that was a major source of political contributions for Clinton. Via: WFB",0
20918,PEDOPHILE PIGS Send Teenage Migrant Boys To Surgery After Out-Of-Control Rape In Refugee Camps [VIDEO],"Pedophile pigs looking to reside in your hometown Teenage boys are requiring surgery after being raped in the Calais Jungle and thousands of migrant orphans are vulnerable to abuse, campaigners claimed today.Seven boys, between 14 and 16, have reportedly been treated by medical volunteers after being sexually assaulted in the past six months.Now campaigners are worried about the lack of child protection inside the refugee camp, which is home to 3,800 people.A volunteer told The Independent:  If I took one of the boys to the police and said  I m one of the medics and I know this boy has been sexually abused , I could guarantee they would shrug their shoulders and continue their conversation. These boys would have left their homes and their parents would have thought they were safe and that they were going to a better life, fleeing violence and they end up at 14 being raped in a refugee camp. That it is going on in Europe makes it even more unacceptable. Europol estimated at the start of the year that 10,000 unaccompanied children had gone missing in Europe.Here s a peek into the Calais Jungle:Via: Daily Mail",0
20919,"JOKE OF THE WEEK: A Marine, A Priest And A Flag Burning Hillary Supporter","HYSTERICAL!A US Marine enters the Catholic Church confessional booth in Jacksonville, FL.He tells the priest,  Bless me, Father, for I have sinned. Last night, I beat the s**t out of a flag burning Hillary supporter. The priest says,  My son, I am here to forgive your sins, not to discuss your community service. ",0
20920,"OBAMA GIVES ILLEGAL ALIENS IN FLINT, MI Amnesty So They Can Get Free Sh*t From Taxpayers","Because people who scale border walls and break the law to get into our country deserve the same taxpayer funded benefits as legal citizens right?Caving into the demands of the open borders movement and pro-immigrant Spanish media, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) will refrain from enforcing immigration laws in areas of Flint, Michigan affected by a water crisis. The water amnesty is the latest of many reprieves issued by the Obama administration to help illegal immigrants nationwide. Judicial Watch has reported on many of them, including recent hurricane, earthquake, Ebola and  severe weather  amnesties.This one involves the widely reported water situation in Flint, which is located about 66 miles northwest of Detroit. Last year researchers discovered that the city s drinking water was contaminated with lead from decaying old pipes. The problem arose after a switch in 2014 in the city s water source to save money. Soon complaints mounted that the water smelled and looked strange and academic researchers discovered that it was toxic. This all occurred after a 7-1 vote by the Flint City Council to stop buying Detroit water and join a new pipeline project, according to a local news report.Now there s a state of emergency and the feds have stepped in, supplying the area with free bottled water and special filters to install at home until the local water supply is clean. For weeks immigrant rights groups complained that residents had to show identification to receive their free goods from the government and illegal aliens were being left out. National Spanish-language media outlets blasted the Obama administration for discriminating against illegal aliens. One reported that undocumented immigrants weren t getting help for fear of being deported, instead opting to drink contaminated water or pay out of pocket to buy some. Another major Spanish-language newspaper wrote that illegal immigrants and their children suffered lead poisoning and couldn t get clean emergency water because they didn t have identification cards.  When the National Guard went door to door distributing potable water, many were scared to open because they feared the uniformed persons were immigration agents who would deport them,  the paper wrote.The Anti-Defamation League (ADL), which claims to combat bigotry and protect civil rights for all, joined the cause expressing  horror  and  indignation  that the government denied undocumented immigrants free water and filters because they couldn t provide a photo ID or Social Security number. In a Spanish-language statement the group s Michigan chapter referred to news reports that Flint-area fire department stations distributing water were requiring identification. But even in places that aren t requiring ID, illegal immigrants are scared to come out and get their potable water out of fear that they will be deported, the ADL stresses in its announcement.  We are calling on the National Guard to order all fire departments and other centers distributing supplies that no one be rejected. Like a good lapdog the Obama administration obliged. This week DHS issued a statement in English and Spanish guaranteeing that U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) would not conduct enforcement operations at or near locations distributing clean water in Flint or surrounding areas.  Moreover, DHS officials do not and will not pose as individuals providing water-related information or distributing clean water as part of any enforcement activities,  the statement assures. The agency s priority is to support state and local government efforts to distribute clean water, the statement says, adding that DHS stands  ready to assist those in need.  Via: Judicial Watch",0
20921,"An OBAMA “LOW LEVEL OFFENDER” Gets Early Release From Prison: Brutally Murders Woman, Slits Throats of 7, 10 Yr Old Daughters","According to the mother of the 35 year old murdered woman, this maggot had tried to murder her before. But in Obama s eyes he didn t present any danger to the community. Hmmm I wonder if those were his two girls if he might feel differently?Obama s early release program is going to work as expected. A cocaine dealer who received early release murdered his ex-girlfriend and her two children. He now faces the death penalty.Criminals already plea down their cases and now thanks to Obama they get to plea and plea again.Wendell Callahan, 35, murdered Erveena Hammonds, 32, Anaesia Green, 10, and Breya Hammonds, 7.He slaughtered them, stabbed them brutally in their home in Columbus, Ohio in January.Once sentenced to 12 1/2 years, he had 4 years shaved off his sentence in two guideline changes.He also stabbed Hammonds current boyfriend Curtis Miller who showed up while Callahan was still in the apartment. Callahan was stabbed himself in the fight with MillerCallahan s mother said no one has talked to her son about what happened since he is in the hospital. Typical enabling mother and we have an enabling president.There were many witnesses and the children  throats were slit. They were in the first and fifth grades.In 2006, he tried to call her. Hammonds said that he had beaten and choked her so severely that she thought he  would have killed her if (a) good Samaritan didn t pass by. But he was good in prison and presented no threat to the public. He s one of those low level offenders Obama wants free to roam our streets.No threat? He tried to kill her in 2006!Callahan s idiotic mother said,His mother, however, said the murder accusations were out of character. He wouldn t do that to her and her kids,  she said.She raised a sociopath by making excuses for him.Via: Independent Sentinel",0
20922,SAY WHAT?! NY PUBLIC School Students Pledge Allegiance To An INTERNATIONAL FLAG?,"This is just another example of how public schools are using a globalist approach to indoctrinate our children. Watering down the greatness of America by blurring our border lines that so many brave men fought to preserve is repulsive. Fighting back against this mentality in our PUBLIC schools should be a priority for every parent and grandparent in America!It is widely accepted that American public schools are controlled by liberals. It seems like every day, we see new examples of American schoolchildren being indoctrinated with left-wing ideas.This latest example was brought to our attention by a concerned parent.Kindergarten students from PS75, a public school in New York City, recently took part in a class project in which the children were made to create an American flag with the flags of other 22 other nations superimposed over the stripes. Below the flag read the words  We pledge allegiance to an International Flag. Check out the flag the kindergarten class created:This is the type of globalist indoctrination we have come to expect from the public school system, but telling impressionably young American children that their loyalty should lie with some nebulous idea of a global community rather than their own nation is a new low.Read more:Hannity.com",0
20923,WHY THIS AMERICAN Feels Safer With An ISIS Flag Than A Confederate Flag On His Front Porch,"This is hysterical, but sadly it s not far-fetched at all!I took down my Rebel flag (which you can t buy on e-bay any more) and peeled the NRA sticker off the front door.  I disconnected my home alarm system and quit the candy-ass Neighborhood Watch. I bought two Pakistani flags and put one at each corner of the front yard. Then I purchased the black flag of ISIS (which you CAN buy on e-bay) and put it in the CENTER of the yard.  Now, the local police, sheriff, FBI, CIA, NSA, Homeland Security, Secret Service and other agencies are all watching the house 24/7.I ve NEVER felt safer and I m saving $69.95 a month that ADT charged me.Plus, I bought burkas for my family when we shop or travel. Everyone moves out of way and security can t pat us down  Safe at last   only in USA!",0
20924,Hillary Supporters Explained In 6 BRUTAL Photos,"Hysterical With all the evidence available to American voters about Hillary, do you ever find yourself wondering,  Who in the world is still supporting her? We think we ve unlocked the secret to Hillary s success.Behold..the Hillary voter explained:Ever wish you had a  hunnit and Fiddy dollars? If Hillary had her way, this  daddy  would be voting for her from behind bars.You can t get a burger when you re out of  meet! We be right there!Here s a typical campaign contribution to Hillary:This lady has some strong advice for American voters. She is clearly a Bernie supporter ",0
20925,MEDIA FREAK OUT! Watch MSNBC Cut Mic Of Black Trump Supporter…Mention Bogus KKK Scandal 6 TIMES In 3 Minute Segment,"A recent poll showed that 40% of black voters support Donald Trump. The media is in full panic mode over the very real possibility that Trump could win the general in a landslide. The only hope they have of stopping him from winning with the black voter is by somehow effectively tying him to the KKK. MSNBC did their best to do just that in this ridiculous discussion where collectively, the hosts made 6 attempts to tie Donald Trump to the KKK in a span of 3.5 minutes. Lyin  Brian Williams opened up the the segment with an immediate tie in to Donald Trump and the KKK.MSNBC Republican pundit, and fired host of The View, Nicolle Wallace mentioned the KKK in relationship to Donald Trump FOUR times in less than 2 minutes,  where she was actually part of the conversation: Listen, I talked to folks today who ve been involved in previous presidential campaigns. Ken Mehlman a former campaign director and former RNC director put out the  and they put out the same message about the KKK. I don t know that we ve ever gone into a Super Tuesday where someone was going to clinch the nomination on the heels of his KKK scandal. Right?  There s a lot of hope in the sort of, in the midwest, where his support is very robust that he would actually bring new voters into the electorate. But you can t do that if you re acting ambivalent about just how abhorrent the KKK endorsement would have been. I think the party could grapple with a policy debate. That s not what we re having. We re having a wall-to-wall twenty-four-seven scandal where the Speaker of the  House and the Senate majority leader has to go before cameras and disavow the KKK. WATCH MSNBC cut the sound off when black Trump supporter tries to say  We re all Americans we need to stop the race stuff : ",0
20926,[VIDEO] DEAF Team USA Athlete SEXUALLY ASSAULTED By Leftist Thug Protestors…Guess Who POLICE Threatened To Arrest?,"The inaction by police officers who should have been protecting and defending the First Amendment Rights of the group who came to hear conservative speaker Ben Shapiro is shameful. I wonder how many of those police officers realize this crowd of domestic terrorists leftist thugs, given the opportunity, would be the first people to unjustly accuse them of wrong doing and/or attack them. Free speech is under attack in America like never before. Any views that are in opposition to views on the left are considered out of bounds and will be dealt with The social justice fascists protesting The Daily Wire s Ben Shapiro s event at CSULA didn t just assault a disabled man, they also allegedly assaulted a deaf girl, and the police targeted the girl instead of the thuggish protesters.Here is conservative speaker Ben Shapiro exposing the truth about what happened at this event:Ashley-Anne Hobbins, a Team U.S.A. swimmer and founder and leader of three Red Cross clubs and is deaf, made the two-hour drive from Coachella Valley to see Shapiro speak after being invited by Mark Kahanding, the president of CSULA s Young Americans for Freedom chapter, to attend. Hobbins and her father, Ben Hobbins, arrived on campus to find protesters chanting and blocking the door. Hobbins tried to move around the protesters and get to the door, but the protesters couldn t let anyone violate their precious safe space. They were like,  Oh that s her, she s one of them. Stop her!'  Hobbins told The Daily Wire.  And that s when they were linking arms and they all started pushing me, and I almost fell a couple of times, being pushed. When I was being pushed by them, I was being groped and touched inappropriately by them. At that point in time, Hobbins and her father were separated from each other due to the chaos that ensued, so her father was not aware at the time that this was going on. I might have been arrested there. If I were to have seen that, I might have done something,  Hobbins told The Daily Wire.After being pushed around and  rag-dolled  by the protesters, Hobbins was escorted out of the area by a police officer, as can be seen in the video footage on Fox Business at the 1:36 mark. Hobbins thought the police were providing aid to her, but then she learned that the police were holding her responsible for upsetting the protesters. She said   I was pushing them,  said Hobbins, who is 5 5 .  But they were pushing me, I wasn t even doing anything. Hobbins told the officer that she was groped and touched inappropriately by the protesters, but the officer refused to believe her and accused her of lying, and then threatened to arrest her if she didn t leave the campus. I think I called her once or twice, and after 20 rings she picked up and she was crying and saying I had to come get her in the back because they were throwing her off campus,  Hobbins s father said.  So they said she had to leave campus right away or she would be arrested on the spot. Hobbins lamented that she was  really bummed out  that she drove all the way to CSULA and was unable to see Shapiro speak. My rights were violated,  Hobbins said.Via: Daily WireHere is conservative, Ben Shapiro s speech in its entirety, courtesy of Young Americans Foundation:",0
20927,BREAKING: WHY DR BEN CARSON Will Exit Presidential Race,"Dr. Ben Carson is brilliant, good-hearted, a true American patriot, and one of the most honest candidates to ever run for President. He stayed above the fray, yet still managed to hit back hard when it came to the leftist media. He made a positive contribution to the field of GOP candidates and made some very good observations about what needs to be done to heal a broken Republican party. Although he is soft-spoken, he didn t mince words or concern himself with political correctness. He is a true champion of the unborn and does more on his own to help students in poor communities than every Democrat politician combined. He challenged the media and the elitists in his own party. His wisdom and courage will be missed by many. Thank you Ben Carson for bringing class and courage to the Republican party WATCH the brilliant DR. BEN CARSON fearlessly explain the TRUTH behind Planned Parenthood here:Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson announced Wednesday that he sees no  political path forward  after his Super Tuesday losses   and will not attend the upcoming Fox News debate. I have decided not to attend the Fox News GOP Presidential Debate tomorrow night in Detroit,  he said in a statement Thursday.  Even though I will not be in my hometown of Detroit on Thursday, I remain deeply committed to my home nation, America. I do not see a political path forward in light of last evening s Super Tuesday primary results. However, this grassroots movement on behalf of  We the People  will continue. Along with millions of patriots who have supported my campaign for President, I remain committed to Saving America for Future Generations.  Via: FOX News ",0
20928,DEAR RNC: An Everyday American Writes A Letter To Explain The Trump Phenomenon,"This letter was sent to 100% FED Up! by an anonymous author:It doesn t matter who you support for President in 2016. This letter will make you want to stand up and cheer for the 80 year old American who expresses what most of us are feeling right now. Enjoy RNC P.O. Box 96994 Washington DC 20090-6994Dear Representative,From the time I was able to vote I voted Republican. I am 80 years old, and have a great deal of respect and influence with hundreds of senior ball players who also network with thousands of others around the country.I received your questionnaire and request for money and strongly agree with every question, as I have since Obama was elected. Unfortunately the one question that was missing is  What have the Republicans done for the American people?  We gave you a majority in the House and Senate, yet you never listened to us. Now you want our money.You should be more concerned about our votes, not our money. You are the establishment, which means all you want is to save your jobs and line your pockets  Well guess what?  It s not going to happen  You shake in your boots when I tell you we re giving our support to TRUMP and he hasn t asked for a dime.You might think we are fools because you feel Trump is on a self destruction course, but you need to look beyond Washington and listen to the masses. Nobody has achieved what he has, especially in the liberal state of New York.You clearly don t understand why the Trump movement is so strong, so I d like to share with you an analogy to help explain the Trump phenomenon. By the way, it s not just the Republicans who feel ignored and disrespected, there are plenty of Democrats and Independents who also feel let down by the Washington elite. You seem to have  forgotten about  We The People  and who hired you to represent us.So here it is, the best analogy I could come up with. Here is the reason so many Americans have boarded the Trump Train, and why you re pleas to come back to the party who deserted us, is falling on deaf ears:You ve been on vacation for two weeks, you come home, and your basement is infested with raccoons. Hundreds of rabid, messy, mean raccoons have overtaken your basement. You want them gone immediately You call the city and four different exterminators, but nobody could handle the job. There is this one guy however, who guarantees you he will get rid of them, so you hire him. You don t care if the guy smells, you don t care if the guy swears, you don t care how many times he s been married, you don t care if he was friends with liberals, you don t care if he has plumber s crack you simply want those raccoons gone! You want your problem fixed! He s the guy. He s the best. Period. Here s why we want Trump: Yes he s a bit of an ass, yes he s an egomaniac, but we don t care. The country is a mess because politicians have become too self-serving. The Republican Party is two-faced & gutless. Illegal aliens have been allowed to invade our nation. We want it all fixed! We don t care that Trump is crude, we don t care that he insults people, we don t care that he had been friendly with Hillary, we don t care that he has changed positions, we don t care that he s been married three times, we don t care that he fights with Megan Kelly and Rosie O Donnell, we don t care that he doesn t know the name of some Muslim terrorist. This country is weak, bankrupt, our enemies are making fun of us, we are being invaded by illegal aliens and bringing tens of thousands of Muslim refugees to America, while leaving Christians behind to be persecuted. We are becoming a nation of victims where every Tom, Ricardo and Hasid is part of a special group with special rights, to the point where we don t even recognize the country we were born and raised in;  AND WE JUST WANT IT FIXED  and Trump is the only guy who seems to understand what the people want. We re sick of politicians. We re sick of the Democratic Party and the Republican Party. We just want this thing fixed. Trump may not be a saint, but he isn t beholden to lobbyist money and he doesn t have political correctness restraining him. All we know is that he has been very successful, he s an excellent negotiator, he has built a lot of things, and he s also not a politician. He s definitely not a cowardly politician. When he says he ll fix it, we believe him because he is too much of an egotist to be proven wrong or looked at and called a liar.Oh yeah I forgot we don t care if the guy has bad hair either.  We just want those raccoons gone. Out of your house. NOW!",0
20929,DELEGATES FOR DUMMIES: How They’re Awarded…And How Many Your Candidate Needs To Win [VIDEO],"Stop counting the votes! Your candidates nomination based strictly on the number of delegates they are able to obtain from each state following their elections.WATCH this great video explaining how Hillary can receive less votes, but still win with super delegates:The nominating contests that will determine the Democratic and Republican nominees for the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election are about to enter a critical phase. On March 1, known as Super Tuesday, primaries or caucuses are being held in about a dozen states, and they could be turning points in both parties.But the key to winning the nomination for each party is ultimately not about the popular vote. It is about securing the number of delegates needed to win the nomination at each party s convention   July 18-21 in Cleveland for the Republicans and July 25-28 in Philadelphia for the Democrats.Like so many things in politics, there are twists and turns in how the popular vote is used to select each party s candidate.The following is a guide to the nominating process:Q: Is the delegate selection process the same for the Republican and Democratic parties?A: No. The parties set their own rules. One thing that is the same is that at each party convention, a candidate needs to reach only a simple majority of the delegate votes to win the nomination.Q: How many delegates are there?A: The Democratic convention will be attended by about 4,763 delegates, with 2,382 delegates needed to win the nomination. The Republican convention will be attended by 2,472 delegates, with 1,237 delegates needed to win.Q: I keep hearing about  superdelegates.  Are they different from other delegates? Do both the Republicans and Democrats have superdelegates?A: Superdelegates, officially known as unpledged delegates, are a sort of wild card in the nominating process, but only the Democrats have them.The category was created for the 1984 Democratic convention, and according to political scientists, they are a legacy of the 1980 convention when there was a fight for the nomination between President Jimmy Carter, who was seeking a second term in the White House, and Senator Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts. Members of Congress were frustrated by their lack of influence, because delegates elected to support one candidate could not switch to support another. So Democratic members of the House of Representatives led an effort to win a role for themselves. That resulted in the creation of superdelegates. Unlike other delegates, superdelegates may change what candidate they are supporting right up to the convention.There is no fixed number of superdelegates because the group is defined by various categories whose members change from one election cycle to another. Here is who gets to be a superdelegate:All Democratic members of the House of Representatives and the Senate; the Democratic governors; the Democratic president and vice president of the United States; former Democratic presidents and vice presidents; former Democratic leaders of the U.S. Senate; former Democratic speakers of the House and former Democratic minority leaders. Throw in the members of the Democratic National Committee and the former chairs of the DNC and you finally have the whole pool of superdelegates.Q: What about the other delegates? Do they get to choose which candidate to support?A: Both the Democratic and Republican parties send delegates to their conventions based on the popular vote in the primary elections and caucuses held in each of the 50 states. But the parties have different rules on how delegates are allotted to a candidate.The Democratic Party applies uniform rules to all states. In each state, delegates are allocated in proportion to the percentage of the primary or caucus vote in each district. But a candidate must win at least 15 percent of the vote to be allocated any delegates.The Republican Party lets states determine their own rules, although it does dictate some things. Some states award delegates proportionate to the popular vote, although most such states have a minimum percentage that a candidate must reach to win any delegates. Some other states use the winner-take-all method, in which the candidate with the highest percentage of the popular vote is awarded all the delegates. Other states use a combination of the two methods.States that use the proportionate method may instead use the winner-take-all method if one candidate wins more than 50 percent of the popular vote.In addition, the Republican Party requires that all states with nominating contests held between March 1 and March 14 use the proportional method, meaning that all the states holding votes on Super Tuesday will have to award delegates proportionally.Q: What happens to delegates if a candidate drops out of the race?A: Another good question, because we have certainly seen that happen this year.For the Democratic Party, in every state, delegates are reallocated to the remaining candidates.Nomination About Delegates, Not VotesThe power brokers of the Democrat party are not about to let crazy uncle Bernie represent them in the presidential election this year. He is anxious to flatten the economic map in the nation and go much further than Obama has in stealing from the rich and destroying the wealth generating engine of the country. Perhaps the elite wish things to do down a bit differently than what Sanders has in mind.It turns out that the New Hampshire primary, which Bernie won in a landslide, will probably award him fewer delegates than Hillary receives.Sanders won 60 percent of the vote, but thanks to the Democratic Party s nominating system, he leaves the Granite State with at least 13 delegates while she leaves with at least 15 delegates.New Hampshire has 24  pledged  delegates, which are allotted based on the popular vote. Sanders has 13, and Clinton has 9, with 2 currently allotted to neither.Under Democratic National Committee rules, New Hampshire also has 8  superdelegates,  party officials who are free to commit to whomever they like, regardless of how their state votes. Their votes count the same as delegates won through the primary.New Hampshire has 8 superdelegates, 6 of which are committed to Hillary Clinton, giving her a total of 15 delegates from New Hampshire as of Wednesday at 9 a.m.The two remaining superdelegates remain uncommitted, so Hillary actually comes out ahead in overall delegate count. Clinton has 394 delegates that includes both super delegates and ones that are picked up in primary elections, while Bernie now has only 42. In other words the fix is in, and Clinton will absolutely be the Democrat nominee for president unless she is indicted for her illegal acts dealing with top secret government documents.But as with the assigning of delegates, it seems that the will of the people, along with their clearly declared votes, will be ignored and the coronation will still take place. As some of my friends like to say,  Hillary for Prison, 2016!  May it be so.For the Republican Party, it varies by state. In some states, delegates are required to stick with their original candidate at least through the first ballot at the Republican National Convention. In some other states, if a candidate drops out, his or her delegates may immediately pledge to another candidate. There is also a middle ground in which those delegates are reallocated to the remaining candidates. Via: NYPost",0
20930,WHAT’S SO WRONG WITH TRANSGENDER BATHROOMS? This Guy Has The Awesome Answer!,"Recently, a man in Seattle wandered into a women s locker room full of little girls:LIBERAL SEATTLE GETS WHAT IT VOTES FOR: Outrage After  Transgender  Man Hangs Out In Women s Locker Room [Video]You see, Seattle had just passed a gender neutral law that said if you  feel  like a woman then you can use the women s bathroom/locker room. Here s a great example to pass on of why this is not a good idea:Clayton Cramer asks,  What s the problem with transgender restrooms?  Then he answers his own question with *links to a few news stories:*PLEASE GO TO THE SOURCE FOR THE ORIGINAL STORY BY CLICKING ON THE WORD  LINKS  ABOVE.  Cross-dressing man allegedly videotaped women in restroom  Police: Sex offender posed as woman, went into women s locker room  Police: Man in bra and wig found in women s bathroom   admitted to other offense where he showered in the girls  locker room for sexual gratification  Cross-dressing peeper infiltrates Cal women s locker room  Man dressed as woman tried to take pictures in dorm, police say  Purdue police investigate report of man taking photographs in women s restroom  Transgender student in women s locker room raises uproar   exposes self to underage girls  Cross-dressing man arrested for exposure at Walmart  See more: moonbattery",0
20931,"FOX NEWS FREEFALL? BILL O’REILLY Loses Kids For Allegedly Choking Wife…Trump Hater, Megyn Kelly Swims In Hollywood Cesspool","FOX News has seen their ratings take a nose-dive, after Megyn Kelly s not so thinly veiled attempt at taking down Donald Trump, while she, and the network push for establishment candidates like Marco Rubio.  Will FOX News survive if their one-time loyal viewers turn their backs on their two biggest prime-time personalities? Fox News host Bill O Reilly has lost custody of his two teenage children after they reportedly said they would prefer to live with their mother following an alleged domestic violence incident, according to court documents.As reported by Gawker, Mr O Reilly s two children, 13 and 17, will live full time with his ex-wife Maureen McPhilmy.The decision taken by a Nassau County Supreme Court justice last year that the children should live with their mother was appealed by the news host to delay its enforcement.According to the 1,400 word opinion issued on 24 February, the court s four justices unanimously ruled in his ex-wife s favour based upon  the clearly stated preferences of the children  and the  quality of the home environment provided by the mother .Mr O Reilly s 17-year-old daughter told a court-appointed forensic examiner last year that she saw her father dragging her mother down a staircase by the neck.He responded to Politico in May last year:  All allegations against me in these circumstances are 100% false. I am going to respect the court-mandated confidentiality put in place to protect my children and will not comment any further.  Via: IndependentTRUMP HATER, Megyn Kelly who has fallen out of favor with many conservatives after exposing her strong dislike for GOP Presidential front-runner Donald Trump, apparenty spent the evening hanging with some of the most vile liberals in Hollywood at a pre-Oscar party. Birds of a feather?Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly appeared at Vanity Fair s pre-Oscar dinner party Sunday evening, where she dined with some of the celebrities who later headed to the Dolby Theater for the main event.According to the New York Post, Kelly   Vanity Fair s February cover model   and her husband Douglas Brunt dined alongside Judd Apatow, Larry David, Martin Short, designer-director Tom Ford, and Don Rickles at the star-studded bash.Other stars at the pre-Oscar dinner included James Corden, Anjelica Huston, Tory Burch, Joan Collins, Patricia Clarkson, CBS head Les Moonves, Julie Chen, Monica Lewinsky, Salman Rushdie and CAA super-agent Bryan Lourd.Kelly also appeared at Vanity Fair s post-show party, where she mingled with superstars including The Revenant Oscar-winner Leonardo DiCaprio, show host Chris Rock, Jessica Alba, Amy Adams, and Jennifer Garner, according to the Daily Mail.Other stars at the glitzy post-Oscar bash included Louis C.K., Sarah Silverman, Jeremy Renner, Vince Vaughn, and The Revenant director Alejandro G. Inarritu. ",0
20932,MASS EXODUS FROM DEMOCRAT Party In Liberal Massachusetts…TRUMP Effect?,"Yeah about that whole Trump not matching up to Hillary in the general election thing  If there is a mass exodus from the Democrat party, who will be left to vote for the Benghazi liar? Thousands of Massachusetts Democrats have denounced their party affiliations since January 1 to jump across the aisle and join the ranks of Independent or Republicans.Nearly 20,000 Bay State Democrats, or 1.3 percent of the party s Massachusetts population, left to vote in the Republican primary Tuesday. More than 16,300 of that group have  unenrolled  or become Independent voters, while 3,500 have joined the GOP.Mass. Secretary of State William Glavin attributed the switches to the  Trump phenomenon.  The billionaire candidate has a significant lead over fellow top contenders Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz in recent state polls. The tenor of the Republican campaign has been completely different from what we ve seen in prior Republican presidential campaigns,  Galvin said.  You have to look no farther than the viewership for some of the televised debates. Via:Washington Examiner",0
20933,HOLY CASH COW! Check Out How Much Wall Street Funneled Into HILLARY’s Foundation/Slush Fund,"Thank God she has a vagina, otherwise her blatant hypocrisy might be an issue with voters Hillary Clinton is facing more questions about her close ties to Wall Street financial institutions. Last week, the New York Times urged Clinton to release transcripts of her highly-compensated speeches to Wall Street firm Goldman Sachs.The paid speeches are just a slim chapter of her relationship with financial titans. According to Clinton Foundation records, Wall Street financial institutions have donated around $40 million to the eponymous family foundation.As a non-profit, the Clinton Foundation isn t legally required to disclose its donors or contributions. The Foundation has publicly disclosed some contributions on its website. It only provides ranges for contributions, e.g. $1-5 million, and doesn t detail when the contribution was made or for what purpose, if any.Here s the chart of contributions from Wall Street to the Clinton Foundation.All together, contributions from readily identifiable Wall Street institutions to the Foundation total somewhere between $11 million and $41 million in contributions. If we assume the donations fall in the middle of the ranges disclosed by the Clinton Foundation, the contributions would total just under $30 million.As with most things involving the Clintons, the devil is in the details. This total of contributions does not include those made by individuals with strong Wall Street ties. It also does not necessarily represent the total amounts contributed to the Foundation from those donors listed. It only accounts for the donations which the Foundation has chosen to disclose.The failure of the Foundation to include any information on the timing of the donations is especially worrisome. In terms of donor relationships, there is a real difference between a one-time gift of $1 million and an ongoing gift of $200,000 for 5 straight years. The total dollar amount may be the same, but an ongoing gift usually requires a more substantive relationship between the Foundation and the donor.There is, of course, an added dimension to the timing issue with the Clintons. During the life of the Foundation, Hillary Clinton has been a US Senator, Secretary of State and two-time candidate for President.When the Clinton Foundation discloses that the  Friends of Saudi Arabia  contributed $1-5 million, it begs the obvious question of when that donation was made. The specific date of that donation is particularly important, given Clinton s considerable focus on the Middle East while she was Secretary of State.It is also important to note that these contributions are completely seperate from the paid speeches made by Bill and Hillary Clinton. In 2013 alone, Hillary earned just over $3 million in paid speeches to financial firms and institutions.These contributions, obviously, also don t include direct contributions made by Wall Street institutions and individuals to either of Clinton s Presidential campaigns.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
20934,"Obama LIES To French Reporter, America “One Of Largest Muslim Countries In The World” [VIDEO]","Barack Hussein Obama has been laser focused on making the promotion of Islam in America a priority since his first day in office. He s also made a point of discrediting Christians in America. Is it any wonder he s ignored the slaughter of Christians in the Middle East? Does anyone care he s sending Christian refugees back to extremist Muslim nations from the US, while bringing in hundreds of thousands of Muslim refugees? Here is a perfect example of the master Muslim propagandist:OBAMA TO FRENCH REPORTER:  We have to educate ourselves more effectively on Islam. If you actually took the number of Muslims Americans ah, we d be one of the largest countries in the world. REALLY? Is #38  one of the largest Muslim countries in the world  Barry?HERE are the FACTS:Eighty-three percent of Americans identify themselves as Christians. Most of the rest, 13 percent, have no religion. That leaves just 4 percent as adherents of all non-Christian religions combined   Jews, Muslims, Buddhists and a smattering of individual mentions.",0
20935,THE “OBAMA PROJECT”…Does Barack Have Secret Plans To Punish White America After He Leaves Office?,"Is Barack Obama planning to use taxpayer money to travel around the world campaigning for UN Secretary General?The Jerusalem Post reported that Barack Obama has privately campaigned to succeed Ban Ki-moon as United Nations Secretary General at the end of 2016.Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is also reportedly working with moderate Arab States to prevent this transition.Netanyahu remembers well just how US President Barack Obama brushed aside Israeli objections and went ahead with the P5+1 nuclear agreement with Iran.Now, Netanyahu is reportedly planning some personal payback.The sources said that once Netanyahu got wind of Obama s plans, the prime minister began to make efforts to submarine what he has referred to as  the Obama project.  Via: Gateway PunditThis shocking report outlines how the United Nations believes Americans should be paying reparations to African American descendants of slavery. You don t need much of an imagination to picture Barack Obama moving seamlessly into the role Secretary General of this global sham of an organization. Is the UN simply laying the groundwork for a future Secretary General Barack Hussein Obama? The United States should consider reparations to African-American descendants of slavery, establish a national human rights commission and publicly acknowledge that the trans-Atlantic slave trade was a crime against humanity, a United Nations working group said Friday.The U.N. Working Group of Experts on People of African Descent released its preliminary recommendations after more than a week of meetings with black Americans and others from around the country, including Baltimore, Chicago, New York City, the District of Columbia and Jackson, Mississippi.After finishing their fact-finding mission, the working group was  extremely concerned about the human rights situation of African-Americans,  chair Mireille Fanon Mendes-France of France said in the report.  The colonial history, the legacy of enslavement, racial subordination and segregation, racial terrorism and racial inequality in the U.S. remains a serious challenge as there has been no real commitment to reparations and to truth and reconciliation for people of African descent. For example, Mendes-France compared the recent deaths of unarmed black men like Michael Brown and Eric Garner at the hands of police to the lynchings of black men in the South from the post-Civil War days through the Civil Rights era. Those deaths, and others, have inspired protests around the country under the Black Lives Matter moniker. Contemporary police killings and the trauma it creates are reminiscent of the racial terror lynchings in the past,  she told reporters.  Impunity for state violence has resulted in the current human rights crisis and must be addressed as a matter of urgency. Some of the working group s members, none of whom are from the United States, said they were shocked by some of the things they found and were told.For example,  it s very easy in the United States for African-Americans to be imprisoned, and that was very concerning,  said Sabelo Gumedze of South Africa.Federal officials say 37 percent of the state and federal prison populations were black males in 2014. The working group suggests the U.S. implement several reforms, including reducing the use of mandatory minimum laws, ending racial profiling, ending excessive bail and banning solitary confinement. Via: Epoch Times",0
20936,OOPS! Did The Media Think Voters Would Forget About HILLARY’S “FRIEND and MENTOR” Late KKK Leader Robert Byrd? [VIDEO],"The astounding hypocrisy of the leftist media has been left unchecked for decades. All of that is about to change. And no matter what side of the aisle you find yourself on, forcing the media to do their jobs and report the news is a benefit to every single American. It s not their job to be popular amongst their peers or to have opinions their readers agree with. Their job is to report the news. Perhaps this little video or  nugget of truth  slipped their minds?Despite mounting criticism for Donald Trump s failure to disavow former Ku Klux Klan grand wizard David Duke s support, Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton once heaped praise for late Klan leader Sen. Robert Byrd.In a video uploaded to the State Department s official YouTube page on June 28, 2010, Clinton commemorated late Sen. Byrd by saying,  Today our country has lost a true American original, my friend and mentor Robert C. Byrd. Via: Daily CallerAnd when the former KKK member, Senator Robert Byrd died, Barack Obama gave the eulogy:President Obama lauded the late Sen. Robert C. Byrd today for keeping faith with his family, his state of West Virginia and his beloved U.S. Constitution. He was a Senate icon, he was a party leader, he was an elder statesman, and he was my friend,  Obama told thousands who gathered for Byrd s funeral on the steps of the golden-domed West Virginia statehouse.  That s how I ll remember him. ",0
20937,WATCH: REPORTER GRABS THROAT Of Secret Service Agent At TRUMP Rally…Gets Smacked Down,"If we didn t know better, we d think the liberal press was actually stirring things up to make news at Trump rallies, since no one gives a damn what they have to say since Trump has made them irrelevant According to The Independent Journal s congressional reporter Joe Perticone, the man holding the camera in the video below is a journalist. Perticone writes,  Secret Service agent choke slams reporter.   Videos added below appear to show the reporter intentionally bumping up against the agent and saying  f*ck you  before the agent throws him to the ground. From the ground, you can see the reporter kicking the agent from an apparent defensive position.Secret Service agent choke slams reporter pic.twitter.com/jdsHOlylSB  Joe Perticone (@JoePerticone) February 29, 2016Nevertheless, once whatever happened between the two men is over, and both are standing, watch the reporter suddenly reach out and grab the Secret Service agent s throat.Reporter at Trump Rally accuses SS agent of choking him. pic.twitter.com/Q4oigVt3qf  Jackie Alemany (@JaxAlemany) February 29, 2016ADDED: Additionally, the video below shows a chest bump between the agent and the Time reporter. Perticone reports that things got physical after the Time reporter said  fuck you  to the Secret Service agent.Here's moments prior. The reporter says ""f*ck you""   that's when it got physical pic.twitter.com/h9K2wIbEWQ  Joe Perticone (@JoePerticone) February 29, 2016ADDED: The Secret Service has released a statement:Via: Breitbart News",0
20938,WOMAN ARRESTED For Wearing T-Shirt Naming Muslim Extremist Who Fled Country After Failed Jihad Attempt [VIDEO],This is a SHOCKING example of a government putting the rights of violent extreme Muslims before their own citizens: ,0
20939,LISTEN TO HILLARY LAUGH…As She Recalls Helping Suspected Child Rapist Walk Free [VIDEO],"How very  Presidential She s cold calculating..deceitful but she has a vagina, so that s a good enough reason for women to vote for her. After all..it s Hillary s turn! So vote for the wife of a rapist, who laughs about getting child rapists off with plea bargains. It s been 16 long years without a Clinton in the White House  let s make America Sleazy again!It s time to make history with the first female President because our first  Historic black President  worked out so well In a newly unearthed audio interview Hillary Clinton reveals how she managed to get a plea bargain for a man accused of raping a 12-year-old girl   and shockingly laughs as she indicated she knew he may have been guilty.During the course of the conversation which dates from the early 1980s, Clinton, then 27, outlines how she used a mistake by the prosecution to get 41-year-old Thomas Alfred Taylor to walk free.Indeed, so cavalier is her attitude to securing the freedom of a man suspected of raping a child that the shocking and candid interview may tarnish her role as an advocate for women and children in the United States.The recordings which date from 1983-1987 were discovered by the Washington Free Beacon and are of Clinton recalling her role in the most important criminal case of her career.Who knew Killary had such a strong southern accent?This is not the first time that the trial has been written about.In 2008 at the height of her primary battle with Barack Obama, a Newsday story focused on Clinton s deeply controversial strategy of attacking the credibility of the girl. Rodham, records show, questioned the sixth grader s honesty and claimed she had made false accusations in the past. She implied that the girl often fantasized and sought out  older men  like Taylor, according to a July 1975 affidavit signed  Hillary D. Rodham   in compact cursive,  wrote Newsday.The girl was a family friend and Clinton has acknowledged in her past 2003 memoir, Living History, the difficulties the case provided her having just moved to Fayetteville. to run the University of Arkansas  new legal aid clinic. This guy was accused of raping a 12-year-old. Course he claimed that he didn t, and all this stuff,  says Clinton.However, what is most shocking is the breezy manner in which she discusses her clients crime and the offhand way in which she questions his innocence. I had him take a polygraph, which he passed   which forever destroyed my faith in polygraphs,  she says with a laugh.Indeed, Clinton laughs during several different parts of the interview   especially when she discusses the forensic lab destroying key evidence   which led to Taylor getting away with the crime.But, Ronald Rotunda, a professor of legal ethics at Chapman University, told the Washington Free Beacon.  We don t have to believe the client is innocent our job is to represent the client in the best way we can within the bounds of the law. However, he did raise the possibility that Clinton may have breached the attorney-client privilege by discussing the case so openly. You can t do that,  he said.  Unless the client says:  You re free to tell people that you really think I m a scumbag, and the only reason I got a lighter sentence is because you re a really clever lawyer. Read entire story at: DailyMailOnline",0
20940,"DID BEYONCE AND JAY Z’s “Vacation” To Communist Cuba Set Stage For Obama To Pardon Fugitive, Black Panther Cop Killer?","Notorious radical Black Panther and NJ cop killer, Assata Shakur has been living under the protection of President Fidel Castro for decades. As Obama s time in office draws near (THANK GOD), the drum beat for her pardon by the Black Lives Matter terrorist organization is getting louder. Meanwhile, as Obama prepares for his controversial and puzzling trip to Communist Cuba, we can t help but wonder if Assata Shakur might have something to do with his trip. We also can t help but wonder if Beyonce and Jay Z s controversial trip to Cuba in 2013 was really about laying the groundwork for his visit.In April of 2013, Beyonce and Jay Z took a controversial  anniversary trip  to Cuba. Since it was illegal for US citizens to travel to Cuba without the proper permission, many were wondering how the celebrities with close ties to the Obama s were able to pull off such a trip. Many others were wondering about the purpose of the trip.According to Politico, the Treasury Department claimed it didn t know President Obama s pals would be among those experiencing cultural learning on this particular trip.The U.S. Treasury Department told POLITICO on Wednesday that while the department approved for the trip s organizers to travel to Cuba as part of a cultural learning experience, they were unaware that the couple would be attending, as it is department policy not to require organizers  to provide a list of travelers. There seems to be some confusion regarding how Beyonc  and Jay-Z acquired visas to travel to Cuba. Just days ago, Jay Carney evaded questions on the celebrities  trip,  RNC spokeswoman Alexandra Franceschi said in a public statement.  Any chance Jay Carney can clear up this confusion? And of course, as the story got more coverage, another story emerged from the White House:As Obama gets ready to make his controversial trip to Communist Cuba, many of us are wondering if he has any plans to  visit  a certain terrorist who is near and dear to a group of people he s been working in tandem with to stir up a race war in America. That certain  terrorist  in question is none other than cop killer, Joanne Chesimard, aka Assata Shakur.Joanne Chesimard, a left-wing militant who shot a state trooper on the New Jersey Turnpike 40 years ago today, has become the first woman on the FBI s list of Most Wanted Terrorists. Joanne Chesimard is a domestic terrorist who murdered a law enforcement officer execution-style,  said Aaron Ford, special agent in charge of the FBI s Newark Division.Chesimard, a fugitive living in Cuban under the name Assata Shakur, was a member of the Black Liberation Army in 1973 when she shot and killed Trooper Werner Foerster during a traffic stop.According to a state police account,  Foerster was severely wounded in his right arm and abdomen and then executed with his own service weapon on the roadside. Chesimard s jammed handgun was found at Foerster s side. More than a mere member of these domestic terrorists, Chesimard was described by former assistant FBI director John Miller as  the soul of the Black Liberation Army. Chesimard, now 65, was convicted in 1977. Two years later she escaped from the prison where she was serving a life sentence, spent time in a series of safe houses in New Jersey and Pennsylvania and fled in 1984 toCuba, where New Jersey State Police Col. Rick Fuentes said she  flaunts her freedom. To this day from her safe haven in Cuba Chesimard has been given a pulpit to preach and profess, stirring supporters and groups to mobilizeagainst the United States by any means necessary,  Fuentes said.The reward for her capture and safe return has been doubled to $2 million. We want her to come back here and face justice and serve out her sentence,  New Jersey Attorney General Jeffrey Chiesa said.The FBI said Chesimard represents a  supreme terror  to the United States, though she is associated with no new threat. Her supporters believe she was a target of law enforcement s campaign against the Black Panther movement in the 1960s and 1970s. I was convicted by I don t even want to call it a trial, it was  lynching, by an all-white jury,  Chesimard told BET in 2001.  I had nothing but contempt for the system of justice under which I was tried. The rapper Common told her story in  A Song for Assata,  which caused a stir after Michelle Obama invited him to a White House poetry slam two years ago. ZVia: CNNHere are some of the lyrics to  Open Letter Part II  rapper Common wrote with Jay Z:[Verse 2: Common]Common Sense My man went to Cuba  Caught in a political triangle, Bermuda  The same way they said she was the shooter  Assata Shakur, they tried to execute her  I went to Cuba to see her  We should free her, like we should Mumia Can t a nigga rap and make movies Y all see that Fox News tried to do me They say I m too black like it s lights out Might not get invited back to the White House Still with the Obamas, I ride I meet the president on the Southside March the streets, parade for peace Shorties keep shooting, they need a release Trying to eat in the belly of the beast I call her LeBron, they carrying the heat Y all gon  learn today Like you re listening to Malcolm and MLK Media saying shit that ain t there But we fall down and get back up, Kevin Ware It s so political, I don t trust figures When it comes to revolution, this is us niggaOf course, Common s rap was in reference to Jay Z and Beyonce s controversial  anniversary trip  to Cuba. Although the President and First Lady appear to have close ties with racist performers Jay Z and Beyonce, when the press pool asked former Spokesliar James Carney about the trip, he of course, claimed Obama had nothing to do with it:Meanwhile, President Obama ignored pleas that he demand Chesimard s return to face long-overdue justice before reopening diplomatic ties with Cuba.Convicted with Acoli, she escaped prison and has been on the lam since 1979, having made her way to Cuba five years later.Obama has a chance to make some amends on his Cuban tour next month by bringing Joanne Chesimard back with him   in handcuffs.But will he bring her back in handcuffs or will he bring he back to live among law-abiding citizens as a payback to Black Lives Matter organizers who hold her up as a hero in their cop hating, blame whitey movement? Call me a conspiracy theorist, but there are just too many curious occurrences that have taken place leading up to Obama s controversial trip to Cuba. Obama s decision to reopen diplomatic ties with Cuba, Beyonce s divisive Super Bowl 2016 halftime tribute to racist, cop hating Black Panther group, and Obama s meeting with race agitators and Black Lives Matter terror group organizers all leading up to his curious visit to Cuba is well, shall we say a bit suspicious?Arguably, Obama s greatest achievement in life has been to divide our nation (in order of priority) by: race, gender, religion and social class. And to date, there doesn t seem to be a law on our books that can prevent Obama from achieving his goals. So, does it really seem like a stretch that Obama would find a way to return to the U.S. with Black Lives Matter hero and one of the FBI s  Most Wanted  felons, Joanne Chesimard, aka Assata Shakur riding next to him, sharing a good laugh on Air Force One?",0
20941,BEST 10 SECONDS OF YOUR DAY: Watch Al Sharpton Say He’ll Leave The U.S. If Trump Is Elected,"Na, na, na, na na, na, na, na, hey, hey, hey go-o-o-d bye!On April 25, 2015, Al Sharpton said Donald Trump would be his choice for the Republican Presidential candidate.  He d be my choice for the Republicans. It would assure four more years of the Democrats. Run Donald run.Al Sharpton, February 25, 2015:  If Donald Trump is the ah nominee, I m open to support anyone while I m also reserving my ticket to get out of here if he wins. Only because he d probably have me deported anyway.Reporter: bizarre laugh erupts . To his credit now, he s always been a right-winger. I do not see any way that we could agree on things ",0
20942,HILLARY USES Fake Accent In “Victory” Speech To ATTACK POLICE…Wants To “Build On Record And Accomplishments Of President Obama”,"Now that she s finally beaten the old cranky socialist in one state .Hillary s on fire! Hillary tells crowd,  We don t need to make America great again, it s already great.  The big question is, can Hillary do everything she promised from a jail cell?The best part of her speech is when she reminds the crowd that her campaign is being funded by the Clinton Slush Fund, Hollywood vagina voters and Wall Street grassroots donors. Hillary says,  Tomorrow this campaign goes national . Maybe I m missing something but hasn t it been national for a long time? Hasn t everyone known she s been running for president for the last 25 years? Grass roots donors are powering this campaign.  That s rich, given her big donor backing is the bulwark her campaign. She then begs for people to go to her website and donate money. This victory is for the parents and teachers in rural South Carolina , she says with affected accent.She s clearly positioning herself as the  unifier .  We re going to start by working together, with more love and kindness in our hearts and more respect for each other, even when we disagree.  And she s already telegraphing how she would attack Trump, if he were the nominee.  Despite what you hear, we don t need to make America great again, America has never stopped being great. But we do need to make America whole again. Instead of building walls, we need to be tearing down barriers. She then went on to lie about the facts in several high profile deaths of black young people.Hillary finds her manufactured southern drawl at about the 1:55 mark. https://youtu.be/W7gWvv6WfawVia: Weasel Zippers",0
20943,"Man Who Vandalized Mosque, Placed Bacon On Door Looking At Possible Life Sentence","Sounds about right. Thank goodness for the new  hate crime  rules. I wonder if the same rules apply to Christians and churches? Didn t I hear something about Obama releasing Muslim terrorists from Gitmo? Wouldn t it be great if those guys could be tried on  hate crimes? An attack on a mosque using raw bacon and a machete could potentially garner a Brevard County man up to life in prison as a result of a recently added hate crime enhancement, authorities say.Michael Wolfe, 35, was charged with armed burglary of a structure and criminal mischief of a place of worship in connection with the New Year s Eve break-in and desecration of the Islamic Society of Central Florida Masjid Al-Munin Mosque in Titusville.Police said the convicted felon acted alone, broke into the empty mosque with a machete at night, slashing at windows and other property before leaving behind a slab of raw bacon in and around the front door. A surveillance video shows Wolfe, dressed in camouflage pants and carrying a backpack as he stepped into the carport at the mosque",0
20944,POPULAR ACTOR TRAVELS TO Calais Jungle To Garner Sympathy For “Migrants”…Refugees Attack Them…Beat Them Up…Steal Their Phones,"Why would this actor go to a place where violence, crime and murders are a regular occurrence and believe they wouldn t jump at the opportunity to steal whatever he or his crew had that was of any value? Remember, these are people who are leaving their homeland because they were being persecuted, so their violent behavior should be ignored by their host country right? I mean, they ve been through so much already. Who could blame them for stealing from, and beating the a*ses of celebrities who come to help them?A security team guarding Jude Law was attacked by migrants as the Hollywood star visited the jungle camp in Calais.The 43-year-old actor was in France with a film crew and Brit-winning singer Tom Odell , 25, to witness the horrors of the squalid makeshift village, which is due to be demolished.But shortly after the cameras stopped rolling, their minders were ambushed by some of the migrants and had their phones stolen.It is  understood Jude was already on the production team s bus when the thugs struck.For entire story: Mirror UK ",0
20945,WHY AMERICANS SHOULD Care That Facebook’s CEO Is Threatening Users Against Muslim Refugee “Hate Speech”,"We are two moms who have put our lives on hold to do everything in our power to fight the progressives on the left from stealing our freedoms and the future of this great nation from our children. Over four years ago, we started the 100 Percent FED Up! Facebook page with the goal of exposing the truth that so many frustrated Americans were not finding in the mainstream media. We ve suffered several cases of censorship by Facebook along the way, but we never gave up. We may disappear after we publish this article, but we ve made a commitment to exposing the truth and we re not going to back down now.It should frighten every person who uses Facebook, that a CEO of a the largest social media platform in the world, has openly expressed the view that America should give up our national security and follow Germany s lead when it comes to open borders for [Muslim] migrants. I suppose it s easy for billionaires who are surrounded by top security firms, and live a life far removed from the every day American, to say that we should accept these rapists, violent invaders, and YES, members of terror groups disguised as  refugees  into our neighborhoods and communities. After all, they won t be living next door to Mark Zuckerberg. He will likely never have a single encounter with them in his day to day life.Mark Zuckerberg recently admonished his workers for replacing  Black  with the word  All  in Obama s race war motto:  Black Lives Matter.  For anyone who s paying attention, asking your workers to essentially accept admonishment for being white from a group of domestic terrorists, is a dangerous precedent for an owner of any company, much less the largest social media organization in the world. We need to fight back against this. We need to not be afraid of censorship or the ramifications when we voice our opinions.Mark Zuckerberg praised Germany for their  inspiring  refugee policies during a visit to the country and reiterated his commitment to combating  hate speech  on Facebook.Speaking at a town hall event in Berlin, the 31-year old billionaire said German leadership in the refugee crisis has been  insipiring  and a  role model for the world. I hope other countries follow Germany s lead on this,  he added.  I hope the U.S. follows Germany s lead on this. Speaking at the same event, Zuckerberg also emphasised his commitment to tackling  hate speech  on Facebook. Hate speech has no place on Facebook and in our community,  he said.  Until recently in Germany I don t think we were doing a good enough job, and I think we will continue needing to do a better and better job. Zuckerberg added that the company would place a special priority on tackling hate speech against migrants. Facebook s policies, he said, would  now include hate speech against migrants as an important part of what we just now have no tolerance for. Zuckerberg was overheard after leaving his microphone on during a conversation about the refugee crisis with Angela Merkel. Are you working on this,  the German chancellor asked him, according to Bloomberg. Yeah,  he replied.The super-rich tech boss also said  we need to do some work on the issue . We are committed to working closely with the German government on this important issue,  said Debbie Frost, a Facebook spokeswoman. We think the best solutions to dealing with people who make racist and xenophobic comments can be found when service providers, government and civil society all work together to address this common challenge. Since then, Facebook has dramatically expanded its anti-hate speech efforts, launching a new initiative to combat  racist and xenophobic  material on social media alongside European NGOs this January. Facebook is also cooperating with a task force set up by the Germany Justice Ministry to hunt down alleged racists on the platform.Some critics fear the social network is working with governments to silence any criticism of the refugee crisis.His censorship comments have now gone viral, provoking a debate about whether it is right to squash unpopular or potentially offensive views. ",0
20946,"INFLUENTIAL HOLLYWOOD LEFTIST Looks Forward To Racist Comedian, Chris Rock’s SMACK DOWN Of Whites At Oscars","How very progressive Not since the Civil Rights movement of the 60 s has America seen such a racial divide. Of course, we all know who s behind the manufactured race war in America. Barack Obama is working in unison with race agitators and Hollywood idiots like Harvey Weinstein who are willing to suffer the consequences of being humiliated by a racist comedian in front of millions, if it means they are absolved of the sins of not hiring enough black people.The co-chief of The Weinstein Co. acknowledges that the Academy has a poor track record when it comes to films about people of color   including his own   but he feels the blame belongs on studios and distributors, not on  people who ve worked so hard all their lives and prize that Academy card and have reached that zenith and then go on to retirement. I just can imagine Chris Rock s opening remarks,  Harvey Weinstein, the co-chief of The Weinstein Co., says as we sit down to record an episode of the  Awards Chatter  podcast days ahead of Sunday s Rock-hosted 88th Academy Awards.  If anybody s [planning on] boycotting the Oscars, don t, because Chris Rock is gonna annihilate every one of us [leaders of Hollywood studios/distribution companies] in the first 20 minutes of the show, and it will be well worth watching. It will be an Oscars to remember. This year, for the first time since 2008 and one of the few times in the last 25 years, none of Weinstein s films are nominated for best picture   Carol and The Hateful Eight came up short   but he s still going to the show, hoping for a best original score win for Hateful composer Ennio Morricone, among others associated with Weinstein Co. films, as well as a best actor win for  my buddy Leo [DiCaprio]  for The Revenant. That film, like the last two best picture Oscar winners 12 Years a Slave and Birdman, was guided to fruition by New Regency president/CEO Brad Weston, who used to be co-president of The Weinstein Co. s Dimension Films division.Here s an example of Chris Rock on one of his racist rants:Weinstein says he understands, from experience, the frustrations of the people calling for a boycott of the Oscars over the #OscarsSoWhite controversy, and feels they have made a difference   but he does not support their ultimate objective. It s that voice, actually, that gets people motivated,  he says,  because you don t want the boycott. That s how people use their personal power to force change. So I look at that and go,  Great,  because everybody s thinking about that now. I thought about it a couple of years ago because it had bugged me over the years that the films that I did about ethnic diversity never got anything. So I said,  I m gonna stack the deck for myself: I m gonna put out The Butler, Mandela and Fruitvale Station in the same year,  okay? We got one nomination   for U2   out of three movies.  Was race the driving consideration?  I have no idea,  he says,  but it has to make you think.  He continues,  And then, that year, there was 12 Years a Slave, and I said,  What is it, only one?' Via: Hollywood Reporter",0
20947,CONGRESS JUST DEALT A BIG BLOW To Obama And His Favorite Terror Group [VIDEO],"Obama has shown favoritism towards the Muslim Brotherhood terror group almost since the first day of his presidency. Many are convinced Obama is tied to the terror group through his brother, and his desire to prevent Americans from referring to this group as a  terror group  doesn t do much to convince us he doesn t have some sort of ties to them. Obama quietly offered his support when the riots Arab Spring uprisings took place in Egypt, paving the way for the Muslim Brotherhood Islamist, Mohamed Morsy to take over as President of Egypt through  fair  elections The House Judiciary Committee passed a bill on Wednesday calling on the State Department to classify the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist group, by a 17-10 party-line vote.The GOP leadership under Speaker Paul Ryan supports the legislation, a high-ranking Republican source told the Investigative Project on Terrorism (IPT) on background. This makes floor passage more likely.The bill states that it is the  sense of Congress that the Muslim Brotherhood meets the criteria for classification as a foreign terrorist organization. Under the bill as amended by committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.), Secretary of State John Kerry would have 60 days to issue a detailed report to Congress indicating whether the Brotherhood meets the criteria qualifying it as a terrorist group. The Brotherhood s strategic goal in America is a kind of grand Jihad in eliminating and destroying the Western civilization from within and  sabotaging  its miserable house from within so that it is eliminated and God s religion is made victorious over all other religions,  Goodlatte said, quoting the Brotherhood s 1991 Explanatory Memorandum, in a statement given before the vote.Here is Muslim terror expert, Brigitte Gabriel explaining the plan by the Muslim Brotherhood to jihad in North America. After watching this, you may ask yourself what has taken Congress so long to act? The Brotherhood and its leaders and affiliates, such as Hamas, have supported Islamist terrorism   directly, through fundraising, and through exhortation. Each of these activities constitutes an act of terrorism under the Immigration and Nationality Act. Under the bill, the Obama Administration would be forced to deny admittance to any foreign national tied to the Muslim Brotherhood.Since Obama became President, people connected to the Muslim Brotherhood have received entry visas despite their open support for terrorist groups such as Hamas and Hezbollah.There are many who believe the Muslim Brotherhood has been given special treatment by our very own  President,  and that he is somehow tied to the group:HERE, Rep Louie Gohmert (R-TX) is asking why the Obama regime gave $1.5 BILLION to the Muslim Brotherhood:Previously banned individuals such as Sheikh Rached Ghannouchi, head of Tunisia s branch of the Brotherhood, and Tariq Ramadan, grandson of Brotherhood founder Hasan al-Banna, have been welcomed to the US by the Obama Administration despite their vocal support for Hamas. Ramadan fought his ban on entering the US in court, and won an appeal.Other foreign Brotherhood speakers such as Ragheb Elsergany exploit the platform given to them by the Obama Administration to advocate for Muslims to support Palestinian  mujahideen  fighting against Israel.If the Brotherhood were designated as a terrorist group, it would be a crime for people in the United Sates to provide material support to it, and the Treasury Department could force banks to block financial transactions related to the Brotherhood. The bill lists US groups, including the Council on American Islamic Relations (CAIR), the Islamic Society of North America (ISNA), and the North American Islamic Trust (NAIT), as groups under the control of the international Muslim Brotherhood. The Muslim Brotherhood continues to pose a global threat. The jihadist movement actively supports and finances terrorist networks around the world, including al-Qaida and Hamas. The United States must recognize and sanction the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist organization as part of our national security strategy,  co-sponsor Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart, (R-Fla.), said in a statement. Via: The Alemeiner ",0
20948,#FeelTheBern: GUY WHO WANTS TO CLEAN UP CORRUPTION In D.C. Accepts Thousands Of ILLEGAL Campaign Contributions,"Hey Bernie The first step in fighting corruption by politicians might start with cleaning up the corruption in your own campaign Thousands of contributions to Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders  campaign in January violated federal campaign finance laws, election regulators said on Thursday.The Federal Election Commission sent a letter to the Democratic presidential candidate s campaign committee on Thursday with a 90-page spreadsheet listing 3,457  excessive, prohibited, and impermissible contributions. The campaign s January financial disclosure filing listed contributions from foreign nationals and unregistered political committees, the FEC said. Other contributions came from donors who exceeded the $2,700 per-election limit.Because behind that mask, you ll find the same corrupt kind of politician you ll find pretty much anywhere roaming the halls of Congress. You just get a little better at hiding it the more time you spend working as a  public servant  in D.C Although the Commission may take further legal action concerning the acceptance of [excessive or prohibited] contributions, your prompt action to refund the prohibited amount will be taken into consideration,  the FEC told the campaign.Sanders  campaign has relied on small-dollar individual contributions to a far greater extent than any other presidential campaign, including the Super PAC- and dark money-fueled efforts of Democratic rival Hillary Clinton.The Vermont Senator and self-described socialist is running on a platform of transparency and campaign finance reform, contrasting his grassroots support with Clinton s high-dollar donors and use of loopholes in federal election laws that allow her campaign to coordinate with outside groups that can accept unlimited contributions.However, Sanders  donors have also run afoul of federal campaign finance laws, and his financial disclosure reports have been riddled with errors.The FEC sent a letter to the Sanders campaign earlier this month flagging an additional 1,316  excessive, prohibited, and impermissible contributions  in the fourth quarter of 2015.The commission also noted disbursements from the campaign that failed to include required documentation.The Sanders campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Some of the campaign s legal problems stem from enthusiasm for Sanders  candidacy from foreign nationals, many of whom have publicly revealed donations to the campaign in violation of U.S. election laws. I am German, live in Germany and just donated to Bernie Sanders  campaign on www.BernieSanders.com simply using my credit card Is this illegal in any way?  asked a user on the website Quora. Via: WFB ",0
20949,"MAINSTREAM MEDIA STANDS DOWN: Fire Alarm Pulled During Conservative “When Diversity Becomes a Problem” Speech…150+ FREE SPEECH TERRORISTS Threaten, Block Fellow Students [VIDEO]","Free speech is under attack in America like never before. Any views that are in opposition to views on the left are considered out of bounds and will be dealt with SEE Ben Shapiro s AWESOME speech BELOW.Breitbart News editor Ben Shapiro delivered a speech to the Young America s Foundation at California State University Los Angeles on Thursday afternoon, despite initial efforts by the university to shut down the event.Students were prevented from entering by approximately 150 demonstrators standing outside the front entrance.However, attendees managed to slip into the auditorium through the back entrance, prompting Shapiro to observe that in today s America, conservatives were forced to exercise their First Amendment rights  by the back door. Ben Shapiro s response to protestors:Facts don't care about your feelings.  Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) February 5, 2016Some demonstrators entered the building and began chanting slogans, such as  Racists go home!  and  No hate speech! Watch Free Speech Terrorists work together to attack and shut down opposing views, by using threat of violence against anyone who disagrees with them:This is how the ""tolerant"" Left reacts when ONE conservative comes to campus. Scary situation at CSULA.https://t.co/4oB4wz08NP  YAF (@yaf) February 26, 2016Earlier, demonstrators from the Black Student Union had assaulted Breitbart News reporter Adelle Nazarian.WATCH HERE:And then there was this desperate act to silence an opposing view:.@yaf liberal protester pulls fire alarm during Ben #shapiro speech Ben says ""you are not going to stop us.""  Adam Shapiro (@Ajshaps) February 25, 2016Initially, administrators at the taxpayer-funded public university tried to force the postponement of the event in favor of a later event where Shapiro would have to appear alongside speakers who disagreed with him. Shapiro vowed to speak at the original time scheduled, and the university backed down, releasing a statement Thursday:Author Ben Shapiro was invited to speak this afternoon at Cal State LA by the Young Americans for Freedom, which is a registered student organization. The event,  When Diversity Becomes a Problem,  was funded by the Associated Students, Inc., the student government..@yaf #Shapiro ""the safe spaces of the people outside (protesters) are just fascist spaces cleared of all ideas that could hurt feelings""  Adam Shapiro (@Ajshaps) February 25, 2016Leading up to the event, there were a number of emails and social media posts that caused concern for the campus community. Given threats and expressions of fear, President William A. Covino proposed a rescheduled event that would be civil and inclusive, and in which Mr. Shapiro and speakers with other viewpoints could offer their perspectives in an organized forum. My decision was made in the interest of safety and security,  Covino said.  I am disappointed that Mr. Shapiro has not accepted my invitation to speak in such a forum. He has indicated that he will come to Cal State LA to speak today at the University-Student Union Theatre, where he was originally scheduled to deliver his talk,  Covino told the University community Thursday morning.Covino added:  I strongly disagree with Mr. Shapiro s views. But if Mr. Shapiro does appear, the University will allow him to speak. We will make every effort to ensure a climate of safety and security. In his remarks, Shapiro blasted Covino and other faculty members who tried to stop the event from taking place, and who had threatened violence against Shapiro, including professors Robert Weide and Melina Abdullah.He called them  disgusting  and described Covino as a  totalitarian  and an  idiot  whose behavior exemplified  an insane society created by the American left who says that anybody that disagrees with them must be silenced. He explained that there are three kinds of diversity: diversity of color, diversity of values, and diversity of ideas. Only the last kind, he said, was valuable to society and could create stable and healthy communities. Via: Breitbart NewsHERE IS BEN SHAPIRO S AWESOME SPEECH: ",0
20950,"MACHETE ATTACKER, Mohamed Barry Was Living In U.S. On Green Card [VIDEO]","Now we know the reason it took so long for anyone to release the details about Muslim attacker, Mohamed Barry. How long will we have to wait for them to tell us it was an act of terror? CBS News has confirmed from the FBI that the man who attacked a Columbus restaurant Thursday with a machete was living in the United States on a green card.The motives for the attack by 30-year-old Mohamed Barry remain unclear but investigators are looking for possible ties to extremists.Not far from Nazareth Restaurant, one of the only two relatives Barry had in Columbus says he was sleeping, unware of the nearby attack.That was until FBI agents woke him up with a knock on his door and questions about his nephew and possible ties to terrorism.The relative, who only identified himself as Barry s uncle, said Barry was a bit of a loner with a bit of a temper. I know that when he gets mad he, that s why he wanted to be by himself,  he said.He said Barry was born in Guinea but that his family, including three sisters, lives in Philadelphia.His uncle said Barry lived with him while looking for a job when he first moved to Columbus from Philadelphia last fall.The uncle says he knew something wasn t right when he received a strange text message from Barry just five hours before the attack.He says the message was in Arabic and English but didn t understand the meaning. His uncle couldn t show or read the text because he said the FBI now has his phone.When asked if he thought Barry could have had ties to ISIS, his uncle said no.The four victims he attacked with a machete are expected to make a full recovery. Barry was shot and killed by police after fleeing the restaurant. Via: WBNS-10TV",0
20951,FACEBOOK’S CEO Threatens Employees To Not Express Views That Oppose His: Stop Replacing “Black” With “All” Lives Matter,"This serves as a reminder to anyone who thought Facebook was a place to have honest and open discussions about political or social issues. Tow the liberal line or prepare to be punished So does  White Lives Matter  imply  All Lives Matter? The Black Lives Matter movement has shed light on the racial profiling, police brutality, and racial inequality experienced by the African-American community across America. But apparently some of the employees at Facebook s notoriously white, bro-centric Menlo Park, California office don t agree.In a private memo posted on a company announcement page for employees only, Mark Zuckerberg acknowledged that employees have been scratching out  black lives matter  (sic) and writing  all lives matter  on the company s famous signature wall. The company, whose staff is only 2 percent black, is facing the issue head on. We ve never had rules around what people can write on our walls,  said Zuckerberg in the post.  We expect everybody to treat each other with respect.  The entire message, obtained by Gizmodo, is posted in full below:Via: Gizmodo",0
20952,ALL HELL IS ABOUT TO BREAK LOOSE Between European Vigilante Group “Soldiers Of Odin” And ISIS Inspired “Soldiers Of Allah”,"European nations have naively opened their borders to millions of Muslim males who have no intention of assimilating. As they make their way across Europe, police forces find themselves ill-equipped to handle the extreme increase in sexual assault and violence, so citizens are now finding themselves in a position where they are being forced to take matters into their own hands.A group of young concerned Germans made a video warning that they would no longer sit back and watch their culture and history being destroyed. The video can be viewed by clicking HERE.On February 4, 2015, we reported about a fast growing group of vigilantes who call themselves the  Soldiers of Odin. The self-styled  Soldiers of Odin  march in a mob, wearing bomber jackets with their logo on the back. They have vowed to take direct action to  protect their wives, girlfriends and children  after a migrant influx to the liberal Scandinavian country. Persons linked to Islamist groups in Oslo say that they have formed a group called  Soldiers of Allah .Via a central source in the Islamist environment, the Norwegian newspaper VG has received a statement, and photographs of the planned uniform.The group has been named  Jundullaah    which translates to  Soldiers of Allah . In response to the group of unbelievers in Soldiers of Odin, who are patrolling the streets, we Muslims have chosen to create a group to patrol the streets, initially in the capital Oslo, to forbid evil and call for the good,  says the statement.The planned  uniform , is decorated with the black flag of the terrorist organization Islamic State (IS) on the back, with a small logo on the chest.On Tuesday, Labour s Muslim deputy chairman, Hadia Tajik, said that the Soldiers of Odin defy Norway s rules on private security businesses and she tried to illustrate the problem as follows:  It is as if the Islamists would be the uniformed ones, take to the streets and call themselves guards or vigilantes. It is very undesirable and unfortunate for our country, devastating, said Tajik.Now it s exactly what is about to happen.Great tip, Tajik.The information that Islamists in Oslo are in the process of establishing a group, is also confirmed by the temporary spokesman of the Prophet s ummah who calls himself  Abu Arijon.  He said that the plan is to start in Oslo, then Drammen and T nsberg.Many of the people in  Soldiers of Allah  come from the environment around the Islamist group the Prophet s Ummah, where spokesman Ubaydullah Hussain currently is in custody and charged with recruiting for IS. Soldiers of Allah  inform in the statement themselves, that almost everyone in the group is on the  Watch List  of the Police Security Service (PST).  Is PST aware of the group  Soldiers of Allah  planning to patrol in Oslo?  We can not comment on individuals or individual groups, says senior adviser in PST, Siv Als n, to VG.So there it is. Regular street battles could soon be a reality in Norway. Soldiers of Odin against Soldiers of Allah, with the police in between. However, it will most likely not be started by the Soldiers of Odin, but the rabid Islamists in the soldiers of Allah. And then, even though the Soldiers of Odin claim to be a peaceful group, the Viking has clearly awaken   illustrated by the logo on the back. And being attacked by Islamists, they will have no other choice than to go berserk again, after a thousand years in hibernation.All hell is breaking loose in countries all across Europe. Are Americans paying attention, or has Obama s manufactured race war distracted us from his plan to seed Muslims in our small towns and communities across America through the US State Dept. Refugee Resettlement Program? ",0
20953,WATCH: Shocking Number Of Swedish Citizens WALK BY GIRL BEING RAPED By “Middle Eastern Man” In Car [VIDEO],"During the Democrats  first debate last month, Bernie Sanders said  we should look to countries like Denmark, like Sweden and Norway, and learn from what they have accomplished for their working people.  Denmark s Prime Minister came out swinging, demanding that Sanders get his facts straight,  Denmark is not a socialist nation, it has a  market economy.  Democrats have been working for decades to adopt the progressive policies based on political correctness that permeates most European nations.Sweden, the  Rape Capitol  of the world, is a perfect example of how well their politically correct, open-border policies have worked out for them. As the Muslim invasion of these European nations escalates, we are seeing this indifferent attitude of  live and let live  that only benefits those Muslim invaders who have no intention of assimilating in their host nations. This video shows how a nation gripped with fear reacts with apathy towards the criminal as opposed to taking action to save the supposed victim. It illustrates how easily a group of invaders can overtake a nation conditioned to accepting everyone, so as not to offend anyone. Sadly, we live in a country which has the highest rate of reported cases of rape. And this land is called Sweden. Rape is a very serious crime which not only affects our country, but the rest of the world. So in our new social experiment, we put Swedish citizens up for a test.   This video is a great example of what happens to a nation who puts political correctness before the safety and security of its citizens: A poor girl can be heard screaming for help from the backseat of a car. There is no question she is being sexually assaulted, yet one after another, Swedish citizens continue to walk by pretending not to hear.At one point in the video, the  rapist  a brave passerby took action to stop him. Sadly, most of the other apathetic citizens were satisfied to look the other way, so as not to get involved. The biggest sin of the humankind is indifference. ",0
20954,BUSTED! BLACK PROTESTER CAUGHT Dressing In KKK Garb Pretending To Be Trump Supporter,"The Democrat motto: Whatever it takes UPDATE: An eyewitness stated that one of the alleged Klansmen was Black.Lol I wonder who on the democrat side who set this up. Cause these ""KKK"" members were silent. Not trump supporters  pic.twitter.com/q2hf5ikEzh  Kevin Smith (@Sbstud11) February 24, 2016 Lol I wonder who on the democrat side who set this up. Cause these  KKK  members were silent. Not trump supportersAnd of the ""clan"" members is black so I don't buy it for a second lol  Kevin Smith (@Sbstud11) February 24, 2016And of the  clan  members is black so I don t buy it for a second lol It s hard to tell in the photo (I didn t notice till I got closer) but the one on the right had a black hand @KristinnFR it's hard to tell in the photo (I didn't notice till I got closer) but the one on the right had a black hand  Kevin Smith (@Sbstud11) February 24, 2016A photo taken outside a Nevada Republican caucus site has stirred controversy as it was presented un-factchecked as being of two Trump supporters dressed as KKK members despite it being known that leftists have a history of dressing as Klansmen to protest Trump.The person who posted the photo, Krystal Heath, the general manager of a Nevada radio station, said the photo was sent to her by a friend. Forty-five minutes after posting the photo she admitted she did not know for certain if they were actually Trump supporters but the damage was done.#Trump supporters dressed as KKK outside #NVCaucus location. pic.twitter.com/iPfPcEghqW  Krystal Heath (@TheFriddle) February 24, 2016 KKK pic was taken tonight at Cimaron-Memorial High School. Volunteers asked caucus goers to ignore them. #NVCaucus Two other photos were posted to Twitter, again second hand, by Nevada state Senate Minority Leader Aaron D. Ford, who is African-American. So, friends of mine observed this at a republican caucus location this evening. I ll admit, I m boiling right now. ? So, friends of mine observed this at a republican caucus location this evening. I'll admit, I'm boiling right now.   pic.twitter.com/baDftDUyxm  Sen. Aaron D. Ford (@AaronDFordNV) February 24, 2016https://twitter.com/DrZacRobbins/status/702331551158128641In September leftist protesters dressed as Klansmen gathered outside Trump Tower in New York City. That protest received nationwide coverage by the media.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
20955,An Easy To Read Chart Shows How Bernie Sanders’ Socialism Is Just A Stepping Stone To Communism," The goal of socialism is communism.  -Vladimir Lenin, CommunistFor Bernie Sanders, Socialism is just a good place to start ",0
20956,"NEW “Fair Share” App, “EQUIPAY” Allows Users To Split Restaurant Bill Between Guests, Based On Gender, Sex and Race","A Socialists dream!  Now you can check your privilege at the door. With the Equipay app, you ll never have to walk away from a restaurant with friends wondering if you paid your fair share It s a huge dilemma for progressives: on the one hand, it s terribly patriarchal for a man to pay for a woman s dinner. On the other hand, the gender pay gap of feminist mythology holds that women only make 77 cents for every dollar earned by a man. So isn t the failure to pay just another contribution to structural sexism?Equipay, a new app for Android and the iPhone has a solution. Developed by San Francisco-based  comedian  Luna Malbroux, the app divides bills between dinner guests according to their race and gender. For example, black women, who allegedly make just 64 cents on the dollar compared to white men, would only pay 64 per cent of their share of the bill.According to the app s website,  Equipay helps you avoid the entrenched discrimination that exists in our society. It doesn t split the bill equally it splits it equitably. You pay what you should to balance out the wage gap. The app is free to use   unless you re a member of a  high-privilege group.  Then there s a surcharge. As the site explains:  When dining out with a high privilege group, Equipay automatically adds an EquipayItBack Surcharge. This fee subsidizes meals for others and funds Equipay s charitable arm. Thanks! Last but not least, the app allows users to let their followers know whenever they ve used the app to smash the patriarchy at the dinner table. In a live presentation of the app, Melbroux described how a user,  Graham  shares his Equipay-powered purchase on social media  to show that he is a social justice ally. Of course, having informed the world of his use of Equipay, it remains to be seen if  Graham  will ever be invited out for a meal again.The app won first prize at San Francisco s  Comedy Hack Day,  which brings  comedians, developers, and designers together.  However, Melbroux insists that the app isn t a joke. In an interview with Care2, she expressed hopes that the app would start a serious conversation:  I hope that this, more than anything, starts a discussion and helps people to start thinking a little bit differently about how we can use more technology and more innovation to address inequality and wage inequality. For the rest of us, the app s social media sharing function will give us a useful list of people to never invite out for dinner.  Via:Breitbart",0
20957,MELANIA TRUMP IN RARE ONE-ON-ONE INTERVIEW: Watch Her DESTROY Leftist MSNBC Hack On Immigration…”I Followed The Law!”,"Melania Trump has been taking a relatively low key position in her husband s bid to become our next President. She s more than just  arm candy for Donald Trump. She s a tough business woman who s proud to have come to America as an immigrant and earned her citizenship the LEGAL way. Watch her no-nonsense interview here with leftist MSNBC hack host, Mika Brzezinski, who does everything in her power to provoke her and condemn her husband: I followed the law,  Trump said in an interview with Mika Brzezinski aired Wednesday on MSNBC s  Morning Joe,  in discussing the hoops she had to jump through in order to become a citizen of the United States.  I never thought to stay here without papers. I had a visa, I traveled every few months back to the country to Slovenia to stamp the visa. I came back, I applied for the green card, I applied for the citizenship later on after many years of green card. So I went by system, I went by the law. And you should do that, you should not just say let me stay here and whatever happens, happens. Trump, who immigrated to the United States from Slovenia in 1996, said that she and her husband are  prepared  for people to call him names for expressing his viewpoints.  I m a full-time mom, and I love it. So, I decided not to be in the campaign so much, but I support my husband 100 percent,  she said of her role in the campaign itself. We have thick skin, and we know that people will judge him and people will call names. They don t give him enough credit. From June that he announced, they don t give him enough credit,  she said, leading Brzezinski to ask her what she thought about people who felt he insulted Mexicans with his comments that the country is sending rapists and murderers across the border in his announcement speech. Via: Politico ",0
20958,SHARIA LAW GRANTS MUSLIM MAN Permission To Marry 8 Year Old [VIDEO],"Are you ready for these pedophiles to move in to your communities? The UN is vetting the  refugees  who are coming to America. Do you really believe they are care if the Muslim families they re sending to the US are adherents of Sharia Law? It s a numbers game for them. The faith based charities are being paid large sums of money to bring whomever the UN deems worthy of our taxpayer support. As an added bonus, these  poor refugees  are being fast-tracked to citizenship in order to become voters as quickly as possible.This story should horrify every American. It is truly one of the worst human-rights violations imaginable, while it s perfectly acceptable behavior in the Middle East.Pray for these innocent girls ",0
20959,WHITE GUILT IDIOCY: Oscar Nominee EMBARRASSED To Be Part Of Hollywood “Whitewashing”,"I m embarrassed that I know people who will actually pay money to go see a movie this dingbat actress is  embarrassed  to have taken part in. These people keep defining this insane progressive narrative, and the people who vehemently disagree with them keep lining their pockets. I ll never understand it Two-time Oscar-nominated actress Rooney Mara regrets playing the role of a Native American character in last year s Pan, as she said it put her on the wrong side of Hollywood s  whitewashing  debate.During a wide-ranging interview with The Telegraph that was published on Monday, the 30-year-old Carol actress acknowledged the backlash from her being cast to play Tiger Lily in the critical and financial flop, and expressed regret over having accepted the role. I really hate, hate, hate that I am on that side of the whitewashing conversation,  she told the paper.  I really do. I don t ever want to be on that side of it again. I can understand why people were upset and frustrated. Warner Bros. was heavily criticized for casting of mostly white actors in Pan, and a petition specifically targeting Mara garnered nearly 100,000 signatures. There were two different periods; right after I was initially cast, and the reaction to that, and then the reaction again when the film came out,  she said of the backlash. She added:  It was never my intention to play a Native American girl. Mara further stated that she enjoyed working on the film, but regretted its mostly white cast, which included her and actors Hugh Jackman, Garrett Hedlund, and Levi Miller. Do I think all of the four main people in the film should have been white with blond hair and blue eyes?  she asked  No. I think there should have been some diversity somewhere. Commenting on the debate surrounding the controversial lack of diversity in this year s Oscars nominees, Mara said,  I have a lot to say and I have very strong opinions about it, but it is such a sensitive issue I don t want to reduce it to a sound bite. She concluded there is  absolutely  whitewashing in Hollywood, and she feels  really bad and embarrassed to be a part of that. Mara is one of the 20 all-white performers who were nominated for Oscars this year, and is in contention for a Best Supporting Actress award.She was nominated for a Best Actress award in 2012 for her role in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Via: Breitbart Hollywood",0
20960,SNARKY HILLARY AIDE EMBARRASSED BY Inconvenient “Fact” About Judge Who’s Forcing Hillary To Testify Under Oath [VIDEO],"There never seems to be a shortage of smug, know-it-all, self-righteous effeminate men supporting Queen Hillary. Maybe that s why there s a certain amount of pleasure Hillary s  every day Americans  derive when they see a member of the mainstream media call them out on national t.v Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said a federal judge s ruling that Clinton and her top aides should be questioned under oath about the candidate s private email server is part of the ring wing s effort to hurt her chances of becoming president   he was then confronted with an inconvenient fact.Asked by CNN anchor Jake Tapper about the latest development in the months-long email scandal, Mook tried to dismiss the judge s ruling as a  right-wing  group s attempt to hurt Clinton s chances of becoming president.Tapper was quick to point out that Judge Emmett Sullivan, who sits on the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, was appointed by Clinton s own husband, Bill Clinton. It s the judge s decision to make,  Mook responded.  My point is this was promulgated by a right-wing group. Indeed, Sullivan was appointed to his current position in 1994 by then-President Bill Clinton.He was previously tapped in 1984 by President Ronald Reagan to serve as associate judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia. In 1991, he was appointed by President George H.W. Bush to serve as associate judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, before being elevated to his current job.Via:The Blazeh/t Weasel Zippers",0
20961,VIRAL VIDEO: Bernie Sanders Socialist Gets Shut Down By Judge Judy,"Yes, I m going to take your money and NOT give it back! ",0
20962,"MASS IMMIGRATION, ISLAMIZATION, VIOLENCE TEAR EU APART: Norwegian And Swiss Army Chiefs Prepare For Civil War [VIDEO]","NORWEGIAN ARMY CHIEF:  We Must Prepare To Fight SWISS ARMY CHIEF: Europe  On Verge Of Civil War We must prepare to fight, says Norway s new army chief and echoes the Swiss army chief who recently came with a similar statement:Society in western Europe is on the verge of breaking down amid chaotic violence caused by economic dislocation, mass immigration and terrorism. This is not the view of some  crazy survivalist  but head of the Swiss Armed Forces.Lieutenant-General Andr  Blattmann has issued a warning to the Swiss people that society is dangerously close to collapse and advised those not already armed as part of the Swiss Army reserve to take steps to arm themselves.Blattmann has been head of the Armed Forces since, 1 March 2009 and his words carry very significant weight in a country in which several Citizens  Initiative referenda against burqas and mosques have proven enormously popular as concerns grow about immigration and Islamisation.Here s a sample of what Switzerland (named the World s Cleanest Country by Forbes in 2009) looks like today. Pay particular attention to the trash on the ground. This is just one example of a cultural divide between the Swiss, who pride themselves on being conscientious stewards of the earth, and Muslims from third world nations who appear to have no respect for their host country s environment.  Of course, this is likely a minor concern compared to Swiss residents who have suffered sexual assault and violence at the hands of the Muslim invaders:The turmoil has been brought closer, says Norway s new army chief Odin Johannessen.He believes European countries can no longer expect to live in peace and security   without defending themselves.  I think we must be prepared to fight, both with words, actions   and if necessary with weapons   to preserve the country and the values we have in common, said Johannessen in a speech to Oslo Military Society on Monday.He took over as Army Chief last October and was previously head of operations for the Defence Staff in Oslo.  The Ukraine crisis and the terror in Paris shows that Europe can no longer expect to live in peace and security, without having to defend its interests and values, said Johannessen, who spent much of his speech to emphasize the importance of well-trained and adequately equipped soldiers.  , he said.In his speech he expressed concerns over that the financial allocations are not in style with approved plans.  I can say now that it is impossible for me to reach the goals set in the current long-term plan. For us on the inside of the military system, it has been obvious for several years already, said Johannessen. Via: Speisa",0
20963,TEACHERS GIVE STUDENTS OUTRAGEOUS Religious Ed Assignment: Write Letter To Parents Saying You’ve Converted To Islam,"The indoctrination of our youth is happening at every level in almost ever corner of the world It was meant to be a creative writing exercise as part of a Religious Education lesson.But when pupils were asked to write a letter to their parents saying they had converted to Islam, it was met with outrage.The 12 and 13-year-olds at Beaucamps High School in Guernsey were asked to consider what it would be like to become a Muslim and to write a letter to their loved ones explaining their decision.But many parents blasted the homework, saying it was dangerous when so many youngsters were fleeing Britain to wage jihad in Syria. One said:  The idiot who thought this one up is not fit to be at the school or in education. Muslims make up less than one per cent of the population on Guernsey and the island recently refused to accept any Syrian refugees.Gemma Gough said she and her husband Will had complained to Guernsey s education department, and added that their son Thomas would not complete the work.Writing on Facebook, she said:  Sorry, but both Will and I feel very strongly   as do many, many other parents   that this is not acceptable. Kids are too impressionable, and imagine if these letters got in the wrong hands in years to come. Guernsey s education department said:  It is important that our students are able to learn about, understand, investigate and question all that is around them. As with all subjects, homework will be set to cover all areas of the curriculum. One person wrote:  Teach pupils about religion by all means but be very careful when you ask them to be a Muslim. Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
20964,MUSLIM MIGRANT WOMAN CAUGHT SPITTING On Angry Germans Swarming Around Bus At Asylum Center [VIDEO],"It won t be long before the Muslims outnumber the Germans. That s when the real fireworks are going to start flying Dramatic footage shows a refugee woman spitting at a horde of anti-migrant protesters who swarmed around their bus in the tiny German village where they are to be housed.German police, who came under fire for violently removing refugees from the bus, have pointed to the video as proof that the new arrivals provoked the already frenzied mob.The 20 refugees on the bus were the first to be homed in Clausnitz, home to just 800 people, where an asylum home has been set up for them.The German government condemned the  cold hearted and cowardly  mob that tried to stop them from taking shelter in the asylum centre, calling the episode  deeply shameful .Now police and eyewitnesses have claimed the asylum seekers deliberately enraged the mob as they alighted to their new home. The refugees are said to have made cut throat gestures by drawing their fingers across their own throats   and one woman wearing an Islamic head scarf was filmed spitting at protesters. Clausnitz mayor Michael Funke defended the protesters, saying many had turned up to see who was arriving to occupy the new asylum centre.He said the police were forced to act when some children on the bus   scared of the 100 strong mob outside   refused to leave. Some of the refugees appeared to be weeping as they voluntarily disembarked.One video showed a policeman grabbing a young boy and aggressively shunting him from the coach.Local police defended the his actions, saying they needed to get them inside the hostel as quickly as possible as the situation became more tense.They also claimed the youngster grabbed in the video was one of the  troublemakers  who provoked the crowd by giving them the middle finger from inside. Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
20965,"GA SUPREME COURT Denies KKK Right To “Adopt A Highway”…While IL City “Unanimously, Proudly” Names Street After Black Panther","Is our government telling us certain hate groups are more acceptable than others?Does the Ku Klux Klan have a constitutional right to  adopt a highway ?That question was at the center of a high-profile battle Monday before the Georgia Supreme Court, where the Klan is challenging the state s refusal to let it participate in the popular Adopt-A-Highway program.The hate group, with the American Civil Liberties Union by its side, is casting its bid as a free speech issue. The government cannot be a censor of free speech,  Alan Berger, an attorney for the International Keystone Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, said.But the Georgia Department of Transportation has resisted the KKK s efforts ever since 2012 to join the program.For its part, GDOT maintains it should be allowed to exclude certain groups from the program   and stands by its claim that the KKK s  long rooted history of civil disturbance  would  cause a significant public concern. Monday s arguments centered around Georgia s claim of so-called sovereign immunity   a legal doctrine that shields the state from civil suit or criminal prosecution. The state had appealed a lower court decision by Judge Shawn LaGrua, who ruled Georgia was not protected against the KKK suit because the group claimed the discrimination involved a violation of its constitutional rights. The state denied the application, not because of safety hazard or some other compelling government interest, but because the state disagrees with what the KKK represents,  Maya Dillard Smith, executive director of the ACLU of Georgia, told FoxNews.com.  It is precisely this kind of government action the Constitution prohibits. While Smith admits that many people who hear about the case have a  visceral reaction  to it, she warns its outcome could have a dangerous ripple effect. What may seem as chipping away only at the KKK s free speech right, will, in fact, open Pandora s box and create legal precedent that justifies curtailing the free speech rights of religious evangelicals, abortion protestors and even Black Lives Matter supporters and opponents,  she said.A judgment is not expected for a couple of months, Berger told FoxNews.com following Monday s oral arguments. In the meantime, GDOT has suspended Adopt-a-Highway applications.This isn t the first time a state has gone rounds with the white supremacist group.In 1994, Missouri tried to block the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan from participating in its Adopt-A-Highway program.The group   which excludes anyone who is black, Jewish, Mexican or Asian   had requested a half-mile section of road on Interstate 55, one of the routes that had been used to bus black students to school as part of desegregation efforts near St. Louis.The state denied the KKK s request.In that case, lawyers for the state unsuccessfully argued that it had a right to control its own speech and that allowing the Klan to participate would violate the 1964 Civil Rights Act s ban on racial discrimination in federally funded programs.The U.S. Supreme Court refused to hear the case, thereby forcing the state to allow the group to take part in its  Adopt-A-Highway  program. However, the state later kicked the group out, saying it failed to do its job and pick up the litter on its adopted stretch of highway. Via: FOX NewsSo what about the YMCA which houses the Fred Hampton Aquatic Center on former Oak Street  In Maywood, IL that was officially named after Black Panther, Fred Hampton who was slain in a police raid in 2007. September 9, 2007From now on, Oak Street in Maywood will be known as Fred Hampton Way.Relatives of the slain Black Panther leader joined congressmen, activists and Maywood residents Saturday to dedicate the street and a statue of Hampton that now sits in front of the Fred Hampton Family Aquatic Center.Last year, efforts to name a street on Chicago s West Side for Hampton failed amid controversy that Hampton and the Panthers advocated violence against police.But there was no such debate in Maywood, whose mayor, Henderson Yarbrough, said the village council  unanimously, proudly  voted to give Hampton his due. There ought to be some footprints in the sand in relation to this man,  said the Rev. Al Sampson, one of about 75 people at the ceremony.  Fred Hampton represents part of the tradition of liberation freedom fighters. Killed in police raid in  69 Maywood s police chief attended the event, along with U.S. Representatives Danny Davis and Bobby Rush, a co-founder of the Illinois Black Panther Party.Hampton, who grew up in Maywood, and fellow Panther Mark Clark were gunned down by Chicago Police in a 1969 raid at Hampton s apartment. Hampton had helped bring the Illinois chapter of the Black Panther Party to national prominence and also brokered a nonaggression pact between gangs. ",0
20966,LEFTIST PROTESTOR CUTS ELECTRICITY To Trump Rally…Trump’s EPIC Response Proves The Left Can’t Defeat Him,"Every time Trump makes lemons from lemonade, the crowd loves him even more. The Left needs to give it up. They re only shining a light on the dirty tactics they re willing to use (like their personal favorite, voter fraud) to ensure they keep the dream of socialism alive GOP frontrunner Donald Trump doesn t miss a beat as the lights go out in the middle of his speech at a packed convention center in Atlanta.The Trump supporters lined up three hours early to get inside the Georgia World Congress Center.A far left protester cut the electricity at the Trump Rally on Sunday.The protester reportedly reached over and pulled the wire when the technician stepped away from the control panel.This could have been a dangerous situation but instead of being angry GOP frontrunner Donald Trump made the most of it. They didn t pay the electric bill. Oh, I like that much better. Oh, those lights were brutal. Did they come from the dishonest press? Oh, don t turn them on. Better huh? Don t turn them on. Plus we save on electricity. Right? And because the lights didn t work I won t pay the rent. So we get better lighting and we don t pay the rent, right?The crowd goes wild Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
20967,"HOLY WIDOWS AND ORPHANS! Over 5,000 ISIS Trained Jihadi’s Living Freely In Europe","Europe s new new take on our Statue of Liberty s poem: Give us your Sharia Law enforcers, your rapists and your trained ISIS jihadi s Unless we get a new President with a backbone and fight back against political correctness in America we re next. We can start by exposing the lie Obama told Americans about the Muslim invasion of the West, calling the male refugees looking for a free ride,  widows and orphans! As many as 5,000 trained jihadis are believed to be living freely in Europe today, according to the head of the European Union s policing agency Europol.Agency head Ron Wainwright said between 3,000 and 5,000 jihadis who have trained with the Islamic State (ISIS/ISIL) in the Middle East have been able to slip back into Europe. Europe is currently facing the highest terror threat in more than 10 years,  Wainwright said, speaking to the Germany newspaper Neue Osnabrucker Zeitung.  We can expect [ISIS] or other religious terror groups to stage an attack somewhere in Europe with the aim of achieving mass casualties among the civilian population. However, Wainwright said reports that the Islamic State is using the refugee/migrant crisis to sneak jihadis into Europe have been exaggerated. There is no concrete evidence terrorists are systematically using the flow of refugees to infiltrate Europe,  he commented.Meanwhile, in Hungary, police reported an increasing number of migrants have been able to circumvent the four-meter, barbed-wire fence to enter the country illegally. In January, 550 people were caught trying to pass the fence compared to 270 in December. During the first 20 days of February, 1,200 people were caught.Those that have succeeded have either cut the fence or climber over it.Also in Hungary, the central bank recently bought 112 handguns and 200,000 rounds of ammunition for its security company. The National Bank of Hungary justified its purchases citing potential terrorist threats as well as the migrant crisis.The bank controls the country s monetary policy, including price stability and exchange rates, and manages Hungary s foreign-exchange reserves. Its profits are paid into the government s budget and its losses are covered by taxpayers.Via: ClarionProjecth/t UK Daily Mail",0
20968,"NOT SO FUNNY GUY, WILL FERRELL Throws His Support Behind Cankles…","Supporting Hillary is about as funny as an ebola outbreak in America Will Ferrell no longer  feels the Bern. The 48-year-old actor-comedian appeared alongside former President Bill Clinton in Nevada on Saturday to urge residents to caucus for Hillary Clinton   despite being one of the earliest celebrity endorsers of her rival for the Democrat presidential nomination, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT)16% .On Saturday, Clinton s campaign tweeted a short video of Ferrell asking Nevadans to  caucus for Hillary  ahead of the state s nominating contest, a contest Clinton ultimately won by a narrow margin.Will Ferrell has a message for you, Nevada: Caucus for Hillary today at 11AM. Your location: https://t.co/39foMYsmhfhttps://t.co/FGIu9RkgXg  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 20, 2016 It s really important that everyone shows up to caucus,  the comedian tells Clinton supporters in the short clip. Ferrell is also seen sampling  amazing  chocolate custard frozen yogurt and reminding supporters of the 11 a.m. caucus start time.Ferrell s name was among those listed at Artists for Bernie, a coalition of more than 120 entertainment industry figures who are publicly supporting Sanders s presidential run.Ferrell s name, which had been on the list since its release in September, has now disappeared and a spokesperson for Clinton s campaign told CNN that the funnyman has donated to Clinton and will co-host a fundraiser for the former Secretary of State in Los Angeles on Monday.Ferrell joins other celebrity Clinton supporters including Lena Dunham, Katy Perry, Elton John, Tom Hanks and Barbra Streisand, while Sanders has earned the support of some of the Hollywood community s more progressive stars, including Mark Ruffalo, Sarah Silverman, Danny DeVito, Susan Sarandon and members of the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Via: Breitbart News",0
20969,OH CANADA! Why Are You Celebrating World Hijab Day?,"World Hijab Day is coming up and the capital of Canada plans on celebrating it. It s no secret that the newly elected liberal leader of Canada is having a love affair with Islam. There s even talk that he s converted to Islam. A recent Youtube video shows him praying at a mosque:  Canada is a great example of  you get what you vote for . Liberal PM Justin Trudeau has embraced flooding Canada with as many Muslim refugees as possible. More, more, more If this continues,  Canada will soon be like Europe. Note that housing and funding is really difficult for some of these refugees. Economies cannot and should not have to fund these refugees: Hundreds of government-sponsored refugees have struggled to find housing and remain in hotels in Toronto, where the housing market is tight and expensive. CANADA HAS TAKEN IN NEARLY 25,000 SYRIAN REFUGEES SINCE NOVEMBER:Liberal Prime Minister Justin Trudeau was elected in October on a promise to accept more Syrian refugees more quickly than the previous Conservative government had allowed, but the original deadline for accepting 25,000 by the end of 2015 proved too ambitious and the timeline was extended by two months.During his election campaign, Trudeau said a Liberal government would work with private sponsors to accept  even more  than the immediate goal of 25,000, and Immigration Minister John McCallum said in December the government could double the intake to 50,000 by the end of 2016.WORLD HIJAB DAY:This Thursday, February 25, 2016, the city of Ottawa will be holding a public event celebrating the hijab, Islam s physical repression of women.The City for All Women Initiative (CAWI) organization, backed by the City Council of Ottawa, is hosting the Ottawa Hijab Solidarity Day celebration, also called  Walking with Our Muslims Sisters,  at City Hall. According to CAWI, the main purpose of this event is to encourage non-Muslim women to wear a hijab to understand life as a Muslim woman.The outrage is that such an event will be taking place under the auspices of the City of Ottawa, the capital of Canada. Under Islamic Shari a law, the hijab is an expression of the suppression of women and is used as a tool to persecute women by their male counterparts.HERE S THE INFORMATION: Ottawa Hijab Solidarity Day (Councillor s Lounge, City Hall) You are here: Home   Ottawa Hijab Solidarity Day (Councillor s Lounge, City Hall) Location: Councillor s Lounge (2nd Floor) City Hall Date: Thursday, 25 February, 2016   16:00 to 18:00 Event Details: A reception where people are welcome to stop by anytime, between 4:00   6:00pm to learn from Muslim women about their experience of wearing a hijab and where women from other backgrounds can experience wearing one.Join us in celebrating Muslim women through CAWI s social media campaign. Show messages of support with #hijabsolidarityOr hold a hijab solidarity day event in your workplace or community organization. See here some guidelines for doing so. Join with us in promoting awareness and understanding.Via: BCF",0
20970,"CHILD PORN, JIHADI WEBSITES Found On Phone After “12 Year Old” Migrant Assaults Foster Parent","Doesn t America already have enough legal citizens who are experts at gaming our system to maximize their benefits? Do we really need to import rapists and violent criminals who have no valid identification or past criminal history, so they can steal from working Americans as well?An Afghan who claimed to be just 12 is revealed to be in his twenties after assaulting his British foster father.The Afghan teen, who had arrived in Britain illegally via Calais, was actually registered as a child but after a dental examination found that he had rotting wisdom teeth, a dentist suggested he was more likely to be an adult.The revelation came after another British carer also reported that she was sexually assaulted by an alleged teen she was looking after.MPs have now called for new rules regarding age assessment for immigrants despite a petition backed by celebrities such as actor Benedict Cumberbatch and Virgin tycoon Richard Branson saying that refugee children should be reunited with their British relatives.If they enter Britain as children, asylum seekers are immediately put into the care of social services which often leaves youngsters separated from their parents for long periods of time.Conservative MP for Monmouth David Davies spoke to MailOnline about an attack on one of his female constituents who was looking after the  12-year-old  immigrant.The Afghan was taken in by the Welsh foster family but refused to live by their rules and would skip school and disappear for long periods.He told social services that he wished to move to Bristol but when told he would have to live with a foster family, he became angry and attacked his foster father.It was after the fracas that the man s phone was confiscated and indecent images of children and visits to Jihadi websites were found.Mr Davies said:  They did a dental check on him and discovered that his wisdom teeth were rotting. The dentist said he had to be in at least his 20s but the Home Office strike people down to 16 if they don t know what their age is for certain, so he was listed as 16. Mr Davies said that Britain was being fooled by fraudster immigrants who knew how to play our system. Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
20971,"HIPPIE THROWBACK: VIDEO AND PHOTOS Emerge Of Socialist Punk, Bernie Sanders Being Cuffed And Arrested","Pathetic little basement dweller and original Occupier, turned Democrat Party Presidential hopeful. Is it any wonder young indoctrinated college students adore him? Just wait until they get there first paycheck. Just watch how quickly they feel the #Bern when 90% of their paycheck has been given away to someone the government deems  more deserving. The photo of Bernie s arrest surfaced this week from a Chicago protest in August 1063.Here s Bernie being arrested at civil rights rally. It doesn t look like Bernie has many friends willing to help him out of his jam:** After leaving school Bernie was a bum who didn t earn his first steady paycheck until age 40. Bernie would use an extension cord and steal electricity from a neighbor because he couldn t keep his lights on.Bernie s friends said he was a slob who lived in a shack with a dirt floor. He later wrote about masturbation and rape for left-wing rags for $50 a story.Bernie had his electricity cut off a lot so he d run an extension cord down to the basement. He couldn t pay his bills.Today Bernie is running for president so he can redistribute your money.The LA Times reported:A Chicago Tribune archival photo of a young man being arrested in 1963 at a South Side protest is Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders, his campaign has confirmed, bolstering the candidate s narrative about his civil rights activism.The black-and-white photo shows a 21-year-old Sanders, then a University of Chicago student, being taken by Chicago police toward a police wagon. An acetate negative of the photo was found in the Tribune s archives, said Marianne Mather, a Chicago Tribune photo editor. Bernie identified it himself,  said Tad Devine, a senior adviser to the campaign, adding that Sanders looked at a digital image of the photo.  He looked at it   he actually has his student ID from the University of Chicago in his wallet   and he said,  Yes, that indeed is (me).  Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, was traveling Friday near Reno, Nev., on the eve of the state s Democratic presidential caucuses. via: Gateway Pundit",0
20972,"OBAMA’S AMERICA: CLIVEN BUNDY, 4 Others INDICTED… Face Up To 96 YEARS In Prison For 2014 Standoff [VIDEO]","Meanwhile, back at the White House, Obama spent the afternoon yesterday thanking the Black Lives Matter terrorists, who ve burnt major cities to the ground and committed unspeakable violence against innocent Americans. Merica A federal grand jury has indicted Cliven Bundy and four others for leading a 2014 standoff with unconstitutional federal agencies at the Bundy Ranch.Bundy, along with his sons Ammon and Ryan, Ryan Payne and Pete Santilli are facing charges of conspiracy to commit an offense against the United States, conspiracy to impede or injure a federal officer, using and carrying a firearm in relation to a crime of violence, assault on a federal officer, threatening a federal law enforcement officer, obstruction of the due administration of justice, interference with interstate commerce by extortion, and interstate travel in aid of extortion.Here is the true story of the Bundy Ranch standoff and why they re fighting back against the Federal government:Here is the intense, graphic video that shows the Federal agents tazing the protestors, including a pregnant woman:https://youtu.be/LhJ6H9vlEDAAccording to a press release by the Justice Department (pause for laughter):Cliven D. Bundy, 69, of Bunkerville, Nev., Ryan C. Bundy, 43, of Mesquite, Nev., Ammon E. Bundy, 40, of Emmet, Idaho, Ryan W. Payne, 32, of Anaconda, Mont., and Peter T. Santilli, Jr., 50, of Cincinnati, Ohio, are charged with one count of conspiracy to commit an offense against the United States, one count of conspiracy to impede or injure a federal officer, four counts of using and carrying a firearm in relation to a crime of violence, two counts of assault on a federal officer, two counts of threatening a federal law enforcement officer, three counts of obstruction of the due administration of justice, two counts of interference with interstate commerce by extortion, and one count of interstate travel in aid of extortion. The indictment also alleges five counts of criminal forfeiture which upon conviction would require forfeiture of property derived from the proceeds of the crimes totaling at least $3 million, as well as the firearms and ammunition possessed and used on April 12, 2014.Here is exactly why Barack Hussein Obama Soetoro Soebarkah brought in constitution-violating, asset forfeiture criminal and terrorist-tied Loretta Lynch as his Attorney General. Please don t forget the Democrat and Republican senators who helped confirm her because they are just as complicit. No crime of violence occurred at Bundy Ranch, except for the crimes of federal agencies who destroyed the property of Cliven Bundy and his family. There were attempts to corral people into  First Amendment Zones,  which is unlawful and tazing individuals who were exercising their free speech, but there was no violence committed by the Bundys or the protesters. The rule of law has been reaffirmed with these charges,  said U.S. Attorney Bogden.  Persons who use force and violence against federal law enforcement officers who are enforcing court orders, and nearly causing catastrophic loss of life or injury to others, will be brought to justice. Who used force? Who used violence?Here is Ammon Bundy showing where he was tazed by Federal Agents and arrested for, according to Bundy taking pictures in a pubic place:Did the court order demand that cattle be slaughtered? Did the court order that snipers be put into place and an army of hundreds of armed federal agents surround American citizens? Again, who was using force? Who committed acts of violence? Was it not the DC government acting in violation of the Constitution s requirement regarding ownership and control of land? I think it was.According to the DOJ release, the maximum penalties for the charges issued are:Conspiracy to Commit an Offense Against the U.S.   5 years, $250,000 fineConspiracy to Impede and Injure a Federal Law Enforcement Officer   6 years, $250,000 fineAssault on a Federal Law Enforcement Officer   20 years, $250,000 fineThreatening a Federal Law Enforcement Officer   10 years, $250,000 fineUse and Carry of a Firearm in Relation to a Crime of Violence   5 years minimum and consecutiveObstruction of the Due Administration of Justice   10 years, $250,000 fineInterference with Interstate Commerce by Extortion   20 years, $250,000 fineInterstate Travel in Aid of Extortion   20 years, $250,000 fineEditor s Note: If convicted on all counts, these men could face up to 96 years in prison and/or up to $1.75 million in fines. Would a conviction on all counts and maximum sentence really surprise anyone? This indictment sends a resounding message to those who wish to participate in violent acts that our resolve to pursue them and enforce the law remains unwavering,  said Special Agent in Charge Bucheit.No, the indictment sends a message that DC is engaged in a tyrannical overthrow of the Constitution and will put men in jail on trumped up charges when all they were doing was seeking to expose the criminals and uphold the Constitution. Today marks a tremendous step toward ending more than 20 years of law breaking,  said Bureau of Land Management Director Neil Kornze.  The nation s public lands belong to all Americans. Twenty years of lawbreaking? Mr. Kornze, law breaking continues under the current administration just as it has for well over 150 years in this country. When will you be prosecuting your own DOJ, whose Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms has criminally engaged in the trafficking of thousands of weapons across the Mexican border and into the hands of Mexican cartels, which resulted in the deaths of two federal agents, hundreds of Mexicans and who knows how many others?No, my friends, this is not about bringing law breaking to an end. It s about those engaged in crime at the DC level attempting to silence those who are exposing their crimes.At least one federal judge understood the law breaking of the Bureau of Land Management and in his opinion of United States v. Estate of Hage, U.S. District Court Judge Robert C. Jones revealed the criminal actions of the BLM against Nevada rancher E. Wayne Hage. Judge Jones held  government officials  in contempt and referred the issued to Eric Holder s office. We all know what happened  nothing.Kit Daniels reported:For over 20 years, the Bureau of Land Management engaged in a  literal, intentional conspiracy  against Nevada ranchers to force them out of business, according to a federal judge whose court opinion exposes the BLM s true intent against rancher Cliven Bundy.BLM agents who impounded Cliven Bundy s cattle. Based upon E. Wayne Hage s declaration that he refused to waive his rights   a declaration that did not purport to change the substance of the grazing permit renewal for which he was applying, and which had no plausible legal effect other than to superfluously assert non-waiver of rights   the Government denied him a renewal grazing permit based upon its frankly nonsensical position that such an assertion of rights meant that the application had not been properly completed,  Judge Jones wrote.  After the BLM denied his renewal grazing permit for this reason by letter, the Hages indicated that they would take the issue to court, and they sued the Government in the CFC [Court of Federal Claims.] And at that point, Jones explained, the BLM refused to consider any further applications from Hage. The entire chain of events is the result of the Government s arbitrary denial of E. Wayne Hage s renewal permit for 1993 2003, and the effects of this due process violation are continuing,  he stated. This behavior shocks the conscience of the Court and provides a sufficient basis for a finding of irreparable harm to support the injunction described at the end of this Order, It s shocking because these men should have been upholding the law, but instead, turned against the American people and acted in a criminal fashion.Read the indictment below:Federal indictment against Cliven Bundy and othersVia: Freedom Outposth/t DC Clothesline",0
20973,"[VIDEO] THEY BURNED DOWN CITIES…14 Yr Old Doused A Non-White Baltimore Business Owner With Lighter Fluid, Lit Him On Fire…Barack Obama Thanked Them Yesterday","Barack and Michelle Obama had some unusual  honored guests  meet with them at the White House yesterday in honor of  Black History Month. First we had the first government funded (via Eric Holder)Trayvon Martin protests led by the radical Black Panthers group in Florida. Next came the violent riots against cops and non-blacks over the death of thug, Michael Brown that left the town of Ferguson in shreds. On the heels of Ferguson we saw masses of unruly protestors shutting down major bridges in NYC over the death of Eric Garner. NYC will forever be known as the city where the first violent thug, inspired by the Black Lives Matter movement, took the lives of two law enforcement officers.  The hate and violence against police officers and non-blacks only increased in Baltimore as innocent business owners, like the one in this video, who was doused by lighter fluid and lit on fire by a 14 year old girl inspired by the Black Lives Matter movement (See video HERE).America s watched an Asian reporter attacked and bullied by protestors at Univ. of Missouri assigned to covering the ridiculous hunger strike protest against unfair treatment by a student, who it was later discovered is the son of multi-millionaire railroad tycoon.  We ve watched innocent families in restaurants feel threatened by Black Lives Matter bullies during their #BlackLivesMatterBrunch disruptions.  We ve watched the hypocrisy of the Black Lives Matter movement when they were caught on video, When they shut down an Asian girl after taking to the microphone to recall a story of discrimination she faced by blacks.The last straw for many was the half-time show during the 2016 Super Bowl featuring Beyonce in a cop-hating, Black Panther promoting disgraceful show. Neither the NFL or our  President  would respond to Americans after the outrage her performance made many in America feel. Instead, our  President  Barack Obama invited some of the top race agitators and Black Lives Matter organizers to our White House where he PRAISED their activity. If this were a novel written eight years ago, no one would have bought it, because it would have been too unbelievable to be true. Sadly, where this  President  is concerned the truth is truly stranger than fiction.Watch Obama praise their  outstanding  work here: ",0
20974,MICHELLE AND BARACK OBAMA Had Time For This “Circus” But No Time For Justice Scalia? [Video],President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama hosted a reception for Black History Month in the East Room of the White House on Thursday . ,0
20975,WHY MOM EMPLOYED BY DISNEY Is Calling Them “Bullies”…Voting For Trump To Stand Up To Them,"We can t say for sure, but we re guessing the truth about  the happiest place on earth  is about to be exposed by the Donald I m doing this because I don t like bullies,  Dena Moore says, explaining why she  as one of the American Disney workers who was laid off and forced to train her low-wage H-1B foreign replacement  is now launching a discrimination lawsuit against the corporation. You can t let a bully continue to be the bully. Someone had to say:  Slavery isn t right, I think I ll stand up against it.  Someone had to say:  We shouldn t [mistreat] our women. I think I ll stand up.  Someone had to stand up. That s what I m hoping that my work is doing. There s a lot of people who are just afraid,  Moore tells Breitbart in an exclusive telephone interview.Yet this sentiment also explains why Moore, a constituent of Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) now says she s casting her ballot for GOP frontrunner Donald Trump:  Trump is standing up to the bullies. The American people are now the weak ones being bullied,  Moore explains.  The everyday working person needs a champion  and you d never think to say that. Who would ever think a day would come when we would have to say that? But the middle class needs a champion  we need a union that will protect us  and Donald Trump is that champion. He is champion who stands up to the bullies to protect the weak, he stands up for us  he stands up. When you stand up to the bullies you have to stay strong,  Moore explained.  You re not always going to be well-liked, and it takes you a little while to be heard. Maybe you ll make mistakes, but you have to get past the media s  let me pick you apart  stage and recognize that this person is standing up to the bullies. I will be voting for Trump,  Moore said emphatically.  If we don t want to become the next third world country  to me  we need somebody whose a business man to run the country. I never realized the laws behind it,  Moore says of the nation s rampant visa policies that allowed her and her colleagues to be replaced by foreign workers.  I didn t know what I didn t know. And Trump has brought this to the forefront. This is probably happening in more than 50 percent of workplaces. As Americans, we re becoming the minority, we re becoming the underpaid workers, who have to now go find a different position. Moore, at 53 is a mother of four and grandmother of 13. She had been working for Disney just shy of ten years, when out of the blue she was called into a meeting and informed that she along with hundreds of her American colleagues were being let go and would be replaced with foreign workers, whom they would have to train. These foreign workers had been brought into the country on the controversial wage-depressing H-1B visa.In the course of the interview, Moore discussed the toll this news took on her  extended family her colleagues at Disney who could not recover from the stress of the blow. People often tell me,  You don t seem devastated enough.  I am, but I don t live my life that way,  Moore says.  I am Miss Sunshine. I m the energetic positive force.  Being devastated, Moore explains,  is just not in my nature. I bounce. But a lot of other people have not,  she says trailing off. Most people were devastated because they had worked at Disney for 30, 40 years. I fared better because I ve been a contractor my whole life. Disney was my first real job as an employee. But I had a friend who passed away after the situation. And I had another friend who was hospitalized with a heart condition. I truly believe it was from the stressful situation that we were all in. It was a family  the people I worked with  it was an extended family. And it got torn part. And not only for the people who left. People were devastated  you took a well-running machine and you just busted it up. We were afraid to come forward  we didn t want them to hoard anything against us,  Moore said of why so many of ex-Disney employees remained silent.Moore s Senator, Marco Rubio, has pushed to expand H-1B visas despite the fact that scores of his own constituents had just been displaced by the program.In 2015 Rubio introduced a bill to triple the number of H-1B visas. This bill known as the I-Squared bill  was endorsed by Disney CEO Bob Iger via his immigration lobbying firm. Disney is also one of Sen. Rubio s biggest financial boosters  having donated more than $2 million according to Open Secrets.While Rubio has pushed legislation that would help companies like Disney to bring in more even more H-1B foreign replacement, Trump has called on Disney to hire back all of its American employees. In October, Trump declared,  I am calling TODAY on Disney to hire back every one of the workers they replaced, and I am calling on Rubio to immediately rescind his sponsorship of the I-Squared bill and apologize to every Floridian for endorsing it. I am further calling on Rubio to return the money he has received from Silicon Valley CEOs and to donate the money to a charity helping unemployed Americans whose jobs Rubio has helped to destroy. While Trump has made clear that he will champion the interests of American workers,  Marco Rubio has never reached out to us,  Moore explained.  I do believe that politicians will always side with who pays them directly or indirectly,  Moore said of Rubio s financial ties to Disney.  I also believe they will say and do whatever it takes because they re not being held accountable. There s always an out for them  because that is what the American people have said politicians can do. During the exclusive interview, Moore recalled the events that led her to eventually call Sara Blackwell and begin her involvement in the lawsuit.Moore said that when Disney originally gathered the American employees together: We thought we were having a party. We did fantastic work. We were excited. We thought it was going to be a party, but then when we went down the hallways. We realized it wasn t a party but a meeting, suddenly we all knew that something good was not about to happen. It was that quick suddenly there was an ominous atmosphere Nobody they brought in was better than anybody they let go. Every one they brought in were  as we would describe  completely green, they were like interns, fresh out of nowhere [When they originally let me go], I was offered a position  it was a contract position for six months  I had a start date, I was entered in to the HR system, etc. but two days before I was supposed to come in to start, HR called and said,  You can t come in because executives are reviewing your position. Four weeks later after not hearing from them I called Sara [Blackwell, the attorney for American workers  in the lawsuit against Disney]. Moore said that she is grateful for Trump s firm position on immigration:  I m not prejudiced. I have lots of diversity in my friend group, but I don t think you can come into my country, take my resources and not only be granted to stay here  but tohave the red carpet rolled out for you by my politicians  What s bad is that because we have become this politically correct nation, if you say anything you sound like you re prejudiced. To me, Trump has done a really good job because it is so very easy to pull that  you re prejudiced  card, and that is not what this is about. It has to do with our economic resources and whether Americans get to benefit from them. I usually just vote Republican because I m a Republican,  Moore said.  I don t usually pay attention to politicians because they say whatever they need to say. I usually don t hold many politicians to what they say because they just say what people want to hear, but with a business person they don t play that political game. It makes you listen. They re used to being held accountable  they re used to having to prove themselves and perform. Via: Breitbart News",0
20976,WOULD YOU LIKE TO LIVE FOR FREE On A Luxury Cruise Ship?…You Only Have To Be A Muslim Refugee To Qualify,"Just when you think you ve heard everything there s this What a great respite for the deserving rapists refugees Thousands of migrants are being given rooms aboard a luxury ocean liner which comes complete with a theatre and swimming pool because Sweden can no longer cope with the numbers arriving at its borders every week, it has been revealed.Sweden s Migration Board is renting the Ocean Gala   once the world s largest cruise liner where holidaymakers pay  2,500 for a two-week break   for at least the next year at the eye-watering cost of of  65,000 a day.When the giant cruise ship is full it will provide bed and board for 1,790 migrants   about the number arriving in the country every single day at the height of the crisis.A spokesman said:  Having a theatre sounds really nice. Those who are going to stay at the ship will probably have to do that for quite a bit of time while their applications are being processed. So they need every encouragement they can get. However, at that cost they will not enjoy the same luxuries afforded those who paid as much as  2,500 for a two-week cruise during the ships previous incarnation as the Island Escape, then owned by Thomson Cruises.The 768 cabins on the 623-foot ship, which range from smartly turned out but snug doubles, to expansive suites with private dining areas and balconies, was then a haven for those in search of entertainment, sunbathing and sightseeing.But those who make it their home in the next year will not be treated to all the extras holidaymakers who floated around the Med were used to enjoying, including a casino, outdoor pool and even a beauty salon.In fact, if the Swedish Migration Board is successful in finding a spot in the northern port of H rn sand, where temperatures are currently firmly below freezing.Willis  berg, head of housing issues at the Swedish Migration Board, boasted that the organisation was  thinking outside the box . Those who are going to stay in the boat will of course be a bit cramped in the cabins, so it is really important that we arrange for them to have large common areas outside,  he told MailOnline.  But having a theatre sounds really nice. Those who are going to stay at the ship will probably have to do that for quite a bit of time while their applications are being processed. So they need every encouragement they can get.  Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
20977,HOW PRESIDENT EISENHOWER Solved The Illegal Immigration Problem In America,"Since this article was written in 2006, the illegal immigration crisis in America has exploded. Barack Obama, his fellow Democrats, leftist organizations (and even some Republicans beholden to corporations who desire cheap labor in America), have desperately tried to shame Americans into accepting amnesty as the only option to solve this crisis. One doesn t have to look too far to see how miserably they have failed. Americans are not interested in giving up our jobs, our national security or the future of our country so the Democrat party can have a monopoly on voters, or to make it easier for business and corporations to hire cheap labor.  It is no accident that Donald Trump experienced a meteoric rise in the polls after he boldly proclaimed he would make building a wall on our southern border a priority. The media tried to shame him, only causing him to double down, claiming he would not only build the biggest and best wall on our southern border, but he claimed that Mexico would pay for it. This article is for all of the naysayers who believe the illegal immigration crisis can t be solved. The problem can be solved. We just needed a President with a backbone, who loves his country, is willing to take bold moves to secure our nation and most of all, a President who truly believes Americans come first.Over fifty years ago, when newly elected Dwight Eisenhower moved into the White House, America s southern frontier was as porous as a spaghetti sieve. As many as 3 million illegal migrants had walked and waded northward over a period of several years for jobs in California, Arizona, Texas, and points beyond.President Eisenhower cut off this illegal traffic. He did it quickly and decisively with only 1,075 United States Border Patrol agents   less than one-tenth of today s force. The operation is still highly praised among veterans of the Border Patrol.Although there is little to no record of this operation in Ike s official papers, one piece of historic evidence indicates how he felt. In 1951, Ike wrote a letter to Sen. William Fulbright (D) of Arkansas. The senator had just proposed that a special commission be created by Congress to examine unethical conduct by government officials who accepted gifts and favors in exchange for special treatment of private individuals.General Eisenhower, who was gearing up for his run for the presidency, said  Amen  to Senator Fulbright s proposal. He then quoted a report in The New York Times, highlighting one paragraph that said:  The rise in illegal border-crossing by Mexican  wetbacks  to a current rate of more than 1,000,000 cases a year has been accompanied by a curious relaxation in ethical standards extending all the way from the farmer-exploiters of this contraband labor to the highest levels of the Federal Government. Years later, the late Herbert Brownell Jr., Eisenhower s first attorney general, said in an interview with this writer that the president had a sense of urgency about illegal immigration when he took office.America  was faced with a breakdown in law enforcement on a very large scale,  Mr. Brownell said.  When I say large scale, I mean hundreds of thousands were coming in from Mexico [every year] without restraint. Although an on-and-off guest-worker program for Mexicans was operating at the time, farmers and ranchers in the Southwest had become dependent on an additional low-cost, docile, illegal labor force of up to 3 million, mostly Mexican, laborers.According to the Handbook of Texas Online, published by the University of Texas at Austin and the Texas State Historical Association, this illegal workforce had a severe impact on the wages of ordinary working Americans.The Handbook Online reports that a study by the President s Commission on Migratory Labor in Texas in 1950 found that cotton growers in the Rio Grande Valley, where most illegal aliens in Texas worked, paid wages that were  approximately half  the farm wages paid elsewhere in the state.Profits from illegal labor led to the kind of corruption that apparently worried Eisenhower. Joseph White, a retired 21-year veteran of the Border Patrol, says that in the early 1950s, some senior US officials overseeing immigration enforcement  had friends among the ranchers,  and agents  did not dare  arrest their illegal workers.Walt Edwards, who joined the Border Patrol in 1951, tells a similar story. He says:  When we caught illegal aliens on farms and ranches, the farmer or rancher would often call and complain [to officials in El Paso]. And depending on how politically connected they were, there would be political intervention. That is how we got into this mess we are in now. Bill Chambers, who worked for a combined 33 years for the Border Patrol and the then-called US Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS), says politically powerful people are still fueling the flow of illegals.During the 1950s, however, this  Good Old Boy  system changed under Eisenhower   if only for about 10 years.In 1954, Ike appointed retired Gen. Joseph  Jumpin  Joe  Swing, a former West Point classmate and veteran of the 101st Airborne, as the new INS commissioner.Influential politicians, including Sen. Lyndon B. Johnson (D) of Texas and Sen. Pat McCarran (D) of Nevada, favored open borders, and were dead set against strong border enforcement, Brownell said. But General Swing s close connections to the president shielded him   and the Border Patrol   from meddling by powerful political and corporate interests.One of Swing s first decisive acts was to transfer certain entrenched immigration officials out of the border area to other regions of the country where their political connections with people such as Senator Johnson would have no effect.Then on June 17, 1954, what was called  Operation Wetback  began. Because political resistance was lower in California and Arizona, the roundup of aliens began there. Some 750 agents swept northward through agricultural areas with a goal of 1,000 apprehensions a day. By the end of July, over 50,000 aliens were caught in the two states. Another 488,000, fearing arrest, had fled the country.By mid-July, the crackdown extended northward into Utah, Nevada, and Idaho, and eastward to Texas.By September, 80,000 had been taken into custody in Texas, and an estimated 500,000 to 700,000 illegals had left the Lone Star State voluntarily.Unlike today, Mexicans caught in the roundup were not simply released at the border, where they could easily reenter the US. To discourage their return, Swing arranged for buses and trains to take many aliens deep within Mexico before being set free.Tens of thousands more were put aboard two hired ships, the Emancipation and the Mercurio. The ships ferried the aliens from Port Isabel, Texas, to Vera Cruz, Mexico, more than 500 miles south.The sea voyage was  a rough trip, and they did not like it,  says Don Coppock, who worked his way up from Border Patrolman in 1941 to eventually head the Border Patrol from 1960 to 1973.Mr. Coppock says he  cannot understand why [President] Bush let [today s] problem get away from him as it has. I guess it was his compassionate conservatism, and trying to please [Mexican President] Vincente Fox. There are now said to be 12 million to 20 million illegal aliens in the US. Of the Mexicans who live here, an estimated 85 percent are here illegally.Border Patrol vets offer tips on curbing illegal immigration One day in 1954, Border Patrol agent Walt Edwards picked up a newspaper in Big Spring, Texas, and saw some startling news. The government was launching an all-out drive to oust illegal aliens from the United States.The orders came straight from the top, where the new president, Dwight Eisenhower, had put a former West Point classmate, Gen. Joseph Swing, in charge of immigration enforcement.General Swing s fast-moving campaign soon secured America s borders   an accomplishment no other president has since equaled. Illegal migration had dropped 95 percent by the late 1950s.Several retired Border Patrol agents who took part in the 1950s effort, including Mr. Edwards, say much of what Swing did could be repeated today. Some say we cannot send 12 million illegals now in the United States back where they came from. Of course we can!  Edwards says.Donald Coppock, who headed the Patrol from 1960 to 1973, says that if Swing and Ike were still running immigration enforcement,  they d be on top of this in a minute. William Chambers, another  50s veteran, agrees.  They could do a pretty good job  sealing the border.Edwards says:  When we start enforcing the law, these various businesses are, on their own, going to replace their [illegal] workforce with a legal workforce. While Congress debates building a fence on the border, these veterans say other actions should have higher priority.1. End the current practice of taking captured Mexican aliens to the border and releasing them. Instead, deport them deep into Mexico, where return to the US would be more costly.2. Crack down hard on employers who hire illegals. Without jobs, the aliens won t come.3. End  catch and release  for non-Mexican aliens. It is common for illegal migrants not from Mexico to be set free after their arrest if they promise to appear later before a judge. Few show up.The Patrol veterans say enforcement could also be aided by a legalized guest- worker program that permits Mexicans to register in their country for temporary jobs in the US. Eisenhower s team ran such a program. It permitted up to 400,000 Mexicans a year to enter the US for various agriculture jobs that lasted for 12 to 52 weeks. Via: CS Monitor",0
20978,BETTE MIDLER Asks Obama To Release VIOLENT BLACK PANTHERS From Prison…Gets HAMMERED On Social Media,"Pardoning the Black Panthers will just be the tip of the iceberg for this radical President. Look for prison doors to be flung open across America, in his final act of  screw you White America,  as he exits the White House, with a lifetime of Secret Service protection The day after PBS aired a controversial documentary about the Black Panthers that said there are still many members of the violent cop-killing movement in prison, Hollywood liberal Bette Midler turned to social media to call on President Barack Obama to pardon them.PBS is taking heat for the documentary that looks admirably upon the militant organization, painting them as a civic organization that fed the hungry and helped the poor.In the description of a preview, PBS stated: A new revolutionary culture emerged in the turbulent 1960s, and the Black Panther Party was at the vanguard. Weaving together a treasure trove of rare footage with the voices of a diverse group of people who were there, Stanley Nelson tells the vibrant story of a pivotal movement as urgent today as it was then. The left understands how critical it is for the success of the Democratic Party for black voters to turn out in November without Obama on the ballot and what better way to drive racial discord than Midler s suggestion:#BlackPanthersPBS says there are there are still 20 BlackPanthers still in jail. That must be nearly 40 years served. Will Mr Obama pardon?  Bette Midler (@BetteMidler) February 17, 2016The scary thing is, Obama will not go quietly in his final year in office and Midler s idea is not entirely out of the realm of possibilities that he may consider.Perhaps the songstress, worth an estimated $230 million, according to Celebrity Net Worth, can take in some of the militants should they be freed   a common theme in the reactions from social media users.Here s how Americans responded to Bette Midler s idiocy on Twitter: Via: BPR",0
20979,BLACK LIVES MATTER ORGANIZER Refuses To Meet With Obama And Race Hustlers…Calls Meeting At White House: “Sham…Photo-Op…Sound Bite For Obama”,"Pure gold The ultimate Race-Baiter-In-Chief, just got called out for the phony that he is. While we re on the topic of Obama pretending to care about the black community, let s talk about how black unemployment has skyrocketed under this fraud Race hustlers Civil rights activists met at the White House on Thursday with President Barack Obama, though a leader from Black Lives Matter, who was listed as an expected attendee, blasted the White House for organizing a photo-op without addressing real problems for minority communities. I could not, with any integrity, participate in such a sham that would only serve to legitimize the false narrative that the government is working to end police brutality and the institutional racism that fuels it,  wrote Aislinn Pulley, a leader of Black Lives Matter Chicago who the White House said on Wednesday would be at the meeting.Other attendees included Deshaunya Ware, a student leader of the University of Missouri protest group Concerned Student 1950; Al Sharpton, president of the National Action Network; NAACP President Cornell Brooks; and National Urban League leader Marc Morial.In an op-ed on Truthout, Pulley said she  respectfully declined  the White House s invitation to attend the panel, which was organized as part of the administration s marking of Black History Month. I was under the impression that a meeting was being organized to facilitate a genuine exchange on the matters facing millions of Black and Brown people in the United States. Instead, what was arranged was basically a photo opportunity and a 90-second sound bite for the president,  Pulley wrote.Obama didn t address the absence when he spoke to reporters after the meeting, instead saying he was  encouraged by the degree of focus and seriousness and constructiveness that exists not only with existing civil rights organizations but with this new generation. They are some serious young people. I told them they are much better organizers than I was when I was their age. I am confident they will take America to new heights,  he said.Later Thursday, a senior administration official said Obama, Attorney General Loretta Lynch and members of the Obama administration had a  productive dialogue with civil rights leaders about a range of important issues like the criminal justice system, education, the economy and building trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve. We will continue to engage with the many organizations and individuals who chose to participate in this meeting in ongoing discussions about how to strengthen our communities and move our country forward,  the official said.Speaking in the White House driveway after meeting with Obama, Sharpton said the group discussed the ongoing fight over naming a replacement for the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. He said any GOP-led effort in the Senate to scuttle a presidential Supreme Court nominee would reflect a  civil rights violation. To act as if the President is anything less than the President of the United States until January 20, 2017. He cannot be minimized, marginalized or disregarded without doing the same to the American people,  Sharpton said.Obama has defended the groups that sprung from high-profile incidents of police killings of unarmed black men. He said in October those communities  grievances must be taken seriously, and pushed back on the notion that organizations like Black Lives Matter are anti-police. I think everybody understands all lives matter. I think the reason that the organizers used the phrase  Black Lives Matter  was not because they were suggesting nobody else s lives matter,  Obama said at an event in October. Rather, what they were suggesting was there is a specific problem that s happening in the African-American community that s not happening in other communities   and that is a legitimate issue that we ve got to address,  he said. Via: CNN",0
20980,"RUSSIAN TV HOST TRASHES MOOCH: Obama’s Spent $74 Million On Vacations…Gives Flint Kids, Pregnant Women Who Drank Poison Water $5 Million","She s such an easy target, it s almost like they could do a 4 year mini-series about this ungrateful, over-the-top family On Sunday, Russian TV host Dmitry Kiselyov, who enjoys the largest audience among news programs in Russia, announced in his prime-time program News of the Week the launch of a new documentary, whose goal would be to expose corruption in the U.S. as opposed to the familiar story in Russian he s sick and tired of talking about. This is not fair to forget about American corruption,  he declared,  about how they get fat on the money of American taxpayers there. The title of the film Emperor Obama says it all, but the trailer, lasting more than 10 minutes, was shown anyway.The first victim of attack was the American first lady. The information on our clients is strictly confidential,  says the Villa Padierna hotel manager to a young and beautiful female reporter.  But I can confirm that Michelle Obama really stayed in our hotel. She was our most famous guest. Since then, we named one of our villas after her. Villa Obama has three floors, two bedrooms, one swimming pool and a big living room here is Villa Obama. On the fourth of August 2010,  the manager continues, as the beautiful young reporter walks around the luxurious and spacious rooms,  the U.S. president celebrated his 49th birthday, and the very same day his spouse, Michelle Obama, arrived for her vacation in Spain. Here is her room.  Not ceremoniously, the reporter touches the silk sheets and very rare travertine marble.  Here are the official numbers: for the week starting August 4, 131,000 Americans were fired, losing their incomes and jobs. At that moment, Michelle Obama was on vacation, and the taxpayers were paying $6,000 a night for this hotel suit. Then, the first lady is shown walking outside out in the Spanish heat.  Michelle! Michelle!  thunders the crowd.The reporter continues: Michelle Obama and her 9-year-old daughter Sasha were accompanied by their personnel and secret agents, by 250 specially hired Spanish bodyguards and 68 bodyguards brought from the U.S. As the American first lady eats ice cream, the street in Spanish Granada is totally blocked. Ms. Obama flew in on her husband s airplane plane No. 2, a Bowing-747 according to protocol, which transports the American president while plane number one goes through technical maintenance. At $11,000 per hour, Michelle s flight from Washington, D.C., to the Spanish Malaga cost the US $150,000. The U.S. Air Force was sued for Michelle s unlawful vacation and for the fifth year, the lawsuit drags on without any resolution. Facing the sunset and obviously having had a good time in Spain herself, the reporter doesn t want to let the topic of Ms. Obama s vacations finish too quickly: The 44th American president goes on vacation twice a year in the summer and during Christmas. Over the seven years of his presidency, American taxpayers spent between $10 million and $74 million a year on vacations for the first American family. To understand how such unbelievable expenses accumulate, the cost for only the plane and the bodyguards when Mr. Obama flew his family to Hawaii, in 2014, was $5,316,000. Did you hear what happened in Flint, Mich.?  An American analyst steps into the video,  where the whole town was poisoned? Kids, pregnant women How much money did he spend on his vacations, you say? $74 million? But he gave Flint only $5 million  $5 million to the poisoned people as much as the launch of two military drones! At this point, the cover of the book by Michelle Malkin, Culture of Corruption, is shown to viewers providing an idea as to the development of the story awaiting Russian TV viewers on Wednesday night. Via: Observer",0
20981,HERE IT IS: List Of Democrat Hypocrites Who Voted To Filibuster GW Bush’s Final Supreme Court Pick,"If you look closely, you might find a few familiar hypocrites who were calling for the nomination of a new Supreme Court Justice before Scalia s body was removed from the hotel where he died h/t Weasel Zippers",0
20982,RACIST RAPPER WHO REFERS To Himself As “Yeezus” Compares His Dangerous Entertainment Job To U.S. Soldier Or Cop,"Kanye West announced on Twitter this week that he s $53 million in debt. He immediately began begging for help from white billionaires. The very next day, West took to Twitter to announce he doesn t want  White publications  covering black musicians anymore. HOW and WHY does this racist black rapper get a pass from the media after making such clearly racist and ignorant comments?  Watch the video below to see West s interview with SaturdayNightOnline.com host Garrett, as he compares his dangerous career as a rapper to that of a cop on patrol or soldier at war. I m putting my life at risk, literally! When I think about when I m on the Can t Tell Me Nothing, and Coldest Winter moment, like that mountain goes really, really high. And if I slipped you never know. And I think about it. I think about my family and I m like, wow, this is like being a police officer or something, in war or something. It s pretty sad that a guy with no talent has been given so much opportunity in America, and has literally blown it because he can t keep his big fat, hateful racist mouth shut.",0
20983,HOLY CONTRACEPTION! Pope Francis Tells Latin Americans To Use Condoms…”Lesser Of Two Evils”,"And the hits just keep on coming, as the Pope makes his way around Latin America Pope Francis indicated contraceptives may be used to prevent the spread of the Zika virus, despite the church s longstanding ban on most forms of birth control.His comments may cheer health officials in Latin America but are likely to upset conservative Catholics.At a press conference aboard a flight from Mexico to Rome on Thursday, the Pope was asked if the church should consider contraception the  lesser of two evils  compared with the possibility of women aborting fetuses infected with Zika. The virus has been linked to an incurable and often devastating neurological birth defect.The Pope answered by calling abortion an  absolute evil  and a  crime. It is to kill someone in order to save another. This is what the Mafia does,  Francis said.  On the other hand, avoiding pregnancy is not an absolute evil. The Pope then pointed to a narrow exception to the church s ban on most forms of birth control: His predecessor, Pope Paul VI, allowed African nuns to use contraceptives  in cases of rape, Francis said. He did not explain why and what forms of birth control were used. In certain cases   such as the one I mentioned of Blessed Paul VI, it was clear,  the Pope said. It was Paul VI who wrote  Humanae Vitae,  the papal document that solidified the church s stance against almost every form of birth control in 1968. The church does allow natural family planning, which involves a woman monitoring her basal body temperature and vaginal secretions to avoid having sex at fertile times of the month.It s not entirely clear what the chances are that a pregnant woman who contracts Zika will have a baby with microcephaly. Babies with the defect have small heads and abnormal brain growth and often have developmental delays, seizures, problems with movement and speech and other issues.On Thursday, the World Health Organization called for access to emergency contraception and counseling for women who  have had unprotected sex and do not wish to become pregnant because of concern with infection with Zika virus. But the Catholic catechism states that aside from natural family planning, anything that works to  render procreation impossible  is intrinsically evil.  The church s teachings have put women in Latin America, where a majority of people are Catholic, in a difficult situation.In December, authorities in Brazil urged women not to get pregnant. Then last month came the warning from Colombia to delay pregnancy until July. Then in an interview, a health official in El Salvador recommended that women  try to avoid getting pregnant this year and the next. But the Rev. Frank Pavone, national director of Priests for Life, has said that birth control is wrong, no matter what.  That prohibition doesn t change based on circumstances,  he said.  So couples have a responsibility to live according to the church s teachings in whatever circumstances they find themselves. Via: CNN ",0
20984,POPE SHAMES AMERICANS From Mexico For Anti-Immigrant Sentiment…Doesn’t Mention $BILLIONS Taxpayers Give Faith Based Charities To Bring MUSLIM Immigrants To U.S.,"Pope Francis has joined Democrat legislators, along with a handful of RINO s and local mayors to work hand-in-hand with Obama to push immigration from Mexico and South America to the US.  Every player in this scheme has their own agenda. Of course, Obama has only one desire, and that is to fundamentally transform America. Democrat legislators are working to secure a dependent voting base. The RINO s (Republicans In Name Only) are beholden to large corporations, whose only goal is to secure cheap labor. Finally, local mayors want the federal funding that comes with placement of each immigrant in their communities. Besides the obvious charitable aspect, what s in it for Pope Francis? What s in it for the Catholic church? Many Catholics (myself included) are wondering why we pass the collection basket more than once several times throughout the year to help subsidize churches, schools and orphanages in Mexico and South America if the ultimate goal is to bring them here? Make no mistake, Pope Francis is interjecting himself into the 2016 Presidential election by walking with illegal aliens on the Mexican side of the border who want to get into the US.This is a direct assault by the Catholic Church on Donald Trump and any other Republicans (including the Governor of Texas) who say they want to close the US border with Mexico.Yesterday, in Ciudad Juarez, one of the most violent cities in the Western Hemisphere thanks to the drug cartels, the pope walked up a ramp covered in flowers toward a cross  erected  in memory of migrants who have perished trying to reach the United States just a stone s throw away,  according to Reuters.The pope then blessed three more small crosses, at which  shoes of migrants who died  were laid.  We cannot deny the humanitarian crisis,  Pope Francis intoned.  Each step, a journey laden with grave injustices: the enslaved, the imprisoned and extorted; so many of these brothers and sisters of ours are the consequence of trafficking in human beings Injustice is radicalized in the young; they are  cannon fodder,  persecuted and threatened when they try to flee the spiral of violence and the hell of drugs. Then there are the many women unjustly robbed of their lives. He concluded,  Let us together ask our God for the gift of conversion, the gift of tears, let us ask him to give us open hearts like the Ninevites, open to his call heard in the suffering faces of countless men and women. No more death! No more exploitation! They are not refugees! People escaping poverty or crime are not legally refugees, but the Pope and the NO Borders Left are purposefully confusing the terminology. They want all migrants-on-the-move to be called REFUGEES who are then entitled to protection and welfare. Why stop at the Mexican border? What about the Iraqi Christian population that s been almost completely wiped out? Why is the Pope standing on the Mexican border demanding we open the flood gates in the name of charity, while tens of thousands of Christians are being slaughtered in the Middle East?Where is the outcry from the Pope as the Catholic Charities/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops (CC/USCCB) are being paid BILLIONS to  bring mostly MUSLIM immigrants, who are being vetted by the corrupt UN to the US from the Middle East, and strategically seeding them across the United States? The following map provided by the Office of Refugee Resettlement identifies where the primary nine VOLAGs operate within America and where their affiliate sites are located:Here is the list of Charities who work with the US Department s Refugee Resettlement Program:  CWS   Church World Service  ECDC   Ethiopian Community Development Council  HIAS   Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society  IRC   International Rescue Committee  LIRS   Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Services  CC/USCCB   Catholic Charities/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops  USCRI   U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants  EMM   Episcopal Migration Ministries WRI World Relief Inc.Additionally, there are 350 subcontractors in 190 cities affiliated with the nine main refugee VOLAGs and the chart below lists the amount of money awarded by the federal government to these contractors since 2008.As you can see the amount of money that has been awarded to these non-governmental organizations is enormous with the total since 2008 amounting to over $4 billion.Simpson notes that  because they are non-governmental organizations (NGOs), they can and do lobby for advantageous changes to law and build allies in Congress and the bureaucracy, all fertilized by an open spigot of taxpayer dollars. From this point, as an American, you should be absolutely stunned at what is going on behind the scenes without your knowledge nor your input in regards to the fact that your taxpayer money along with your elected officials are undermining your security by allowing these organizations operate without any oversight. The push by fourteen Senate democrats for 65,000 refugees along with the eighty-four mayors is only the beginning though, as seventy-two House democrats have also joined this coalition.In letter on September 11, 2015, initiated by Rep. David Cicilline (D-RI.) and signed by seventy-one democrats, they urge Obama to resettle over three times the 65,000 refugees initially pushed for by the Senate democrats back in May. The House democrats cite Refugee Council USA, just as the fourteen Senators did, and  recommend that the United States resettle a minimum of 200,000 refugees by the end of 2016, including 100,000 Syrian refugees.  Neglecting the fact that the FBI has stated that they have no way of properly vetting the 2,500 Syrian refugees that we ve already accepted, it further goes to show how little these Senators, Representatives, Mayors, and VOLAGs care about the repercussions of admitting 100,000 into our country.In her book, Refugee Resettlement and the Hijra to America, Ann Corcoran explains that  Refugee resettlement has become a major money-maker for what can only be described as the  Religious Left,  whose goal is to change the demographic make-up of the 180-plus cities and towns in which they presently work.  Corcorans  statement perfectly describes exactly what is happening as push for more and more refugees comes solely from the Left. Whether it be Mayors, Senators, or Representatives in the House, they re all seeking to change the demographic make-up of the United States by forcing the taxpayers to subsidize their own destruction.WATCH ANN CORCORAN S POWERFUL VIDEO explaining how the faith-based charities are working with the US State Department to flood our nation with MULSIM refugees HERE:There is plenty of blame to go around when it comes to the willful  destruction of the greatest and most generous nation on earth. Ann Corcoran of the Refugee Resettlement Watch has generously provided us with the list of democratic Senators, Mayors and Representatives who make up the coalition which has urged for the destruction of our country via the acceptance of hundreds of thousands of refugees. If your elected official is on this list, Ann highly suggests you contact them and moreover do what you can to make sure they are never elected into office again.Link to the Senate letter signed by 14 democrats on May 21, 2015 can be found here.Link to the House letter signed by 72 democrats on September 11, 2015 can be found here.Link to the list of 84 Mayors who are members of the Cities United For Immigration Action can be found here. ",0
20985,NIKE DROPS CONSERVATIVE BOXER Manny Pacquiao After Condemning Gay Relationships Based On His Religious Beliefs [VIDEO],"God forbid an athlete bases their opinions on the Bible You ll be hit with the full force of the leftist machine Nike announced it has dropped Manny Pacquiao in the wake of the boxer s controversial remarks where he said those in gay relationships  are worse than animals. We find Manny Pacquiao s comments abhorrent,  Nike said Wednesday in a statement.  Nike strongly opposes discrimination of any kind and has a long history of supporting and standing up for the rights of the LGBT community. Pacquiao, 37, made the incendiary comments in a television interview that ran Monday in his native Philippines. He s currently a member of the House of Representatives and is running for the country s senate.Pacquiao didn t immediately back down hours after the interview aired. Pacquiao said on his Facebook page he was  just telling the truth of what the Bible says. But as the furor grew, Pacquiao posted an apology of sorts on Facebook on Tuesday. I m sorry for hurting people by comparing homosexuals to animals,  Pacquiao wrote.  Please forgive me for those I ve hurt. I still stand on my belief that I m against same sex marriage because of what the Bible says, but I m not condemning LGBT. I love you all with the love of the Lord. God Bless you all and I m praying for you. Pacquiao also served as a pitchman for Wonderful Pistachios and Nestle, although representatives for both companies said they don t have him under contract currently. Wonderful Pistachios is not currently affiliated with Manny Pacquiao nor do his views align with ours,  Wonderful Pistachios spokesperson Jennifer George told USA TODAY Sports.  Wonderful Pistachios stands firmly for diversity and equality and we proudly support marriage equality and inclusion around the world. ",0
20986,HILLARY’S HORRIFYING ANSWER To This Question Might Be The Best Reason EVER To Not Vote For Her [VIDEO],"On Jan. 26, 2016, Hillary was asked a very interesting question. After seven years with a President who has done everything in his power to circumvent the law, her answer to this very timely question should send chills down the spine of every American President Obama would make a terrific Supreme Court justice, though it could be difficult to get him confirmed by the current Senate, Hillary Clinton said here Tuesday.The Democratic presidential candidate was responding to a question from a voter, who noted that the next president probably will have several Supreme Court appointments to make. The man wondered aloud if Obama might be one of them if Clinton moves into the White House. Wow! What a great idea!  Clinton exclaimed as the crowd of 450 people roared approval and applauded. I ll be sure to take that under advisement,  she said.  I mean, he s brilliant. He can set forth an argument, and he was a law professor, so he s got all the credentials. Now, we do have to get a Democratic Senate to get him confirmed.  Via: USA Today",0
20987,WHY WOULD OBAMA ALLOW GREEN BERET To Be Discharged For Saving Life Of Young Boy Kept As Sex Slave By Muslim Afghan Police Chief?,"It s hard to read stories like this without wondering how a Commander in Chief can so easily desert those who sacrifice all for our nation, in favor of looking the other way when it comes to twisted Islamic traditions . De Oppresso Liber  (To Liberate the Oppressed) ~~Motto of the U.S. Army Special ForcesA poignant Afghan proverb declares,  Cowards cause harm to brave men. This ancient Pashtun adage reflects the shocking story of U.S. Special Forces Sgt. Charles Martland; Martland is the brave man, a soldier who saved the life of an Afghan boy who was abducted, held, and abused as a sex slave by an Afghan police chief, Abdul Rahman, the vicious, powerful, and arrogant coward. The incomprehensible harm to Martland resides in the inexplicable action taken by the U.S. Army. The Army disciplined Martland, relieved him from his duty post in Afghanistan, and is now seeking to involuntarily discharge him from military service.What was the dreadful and dischargeable infraction by the highly decorated Green Beret Charles Martland? Quinn was relieved of his Special Forces command after a fight with a U.S.-backed militia leader who had a boy as a sex slave chained to his bed. Credit Kirsten Luce For NYTIn 2011, Martland and his Special Forces Captain Dan Quinn (who has since resigned from the military) physically assaulted Abdul Rahman, after learning that Rahman had abducted a boy, chained him to a bed, repeatedly abused him as a sex slave and beat up the boy s mother when she sought to find and rescue her son. The Green Berets intervened when they discovered that the boy was being raped and held as a sex slave. According to the Martland and Quinn, the Afghan villagers were pleading with them to do something about repeated sexual assaults against children by the Afghan police.Here is the dirty, not so little secret of Afghanistan: The sexual abuse of children is widespread and embedded into the Afghan Pashtun culture. There is scant prosecution of child sex exploitation in Afghanistan. American military have long been saddled with the knowledge of the Afghan practice of  bacha bazi,  translated as dancing boys. Bacha Bazi is the ancient and widespread practice of Afghan men who abduct and lure poor boys into the grisly world of child sex slavery where they are raped and exploited by Afghan men. Frontline exposed this lurid child sex trafficking trade.U.S. Military stationed in Afghanistan experience the hideous reality that children are expendable in the feckless Afghan criminal justice system. Cultural mores trump human rights among the tribesman of Afghanistan.This wasn t the first time that Martland and Quinn experienced inaction from the Afghan government for serious child sexual exploitation crimes committed by the Afghan police force. Martland and Quinn knew that two Afghan commanders were not prosecuted nor punished for the rape of a 15 year old girl and the honor killing of an Afghan commander s 12 year old daughter who kissed a boy. Martland who was fed up with the ongoing sexual exploitation of children by Afghan officials said,  I felt that morally we could no longer stand by and allow our Afghan Commanders to commit these atrocities. Since when is a highly decorated Green Beret who confronts a violent child sex predator and trafficker and woman beater, punished and involuntarily discharge from the military?What happened to the greatest military and force for moral good on the face of the planet? Isn t Martland carrying out the very anti human trafficking policies promulgated by the Obama Administration?Obama s administration, including his Pentagon, endlessly promotes and spends millions on sexual assault and human trafficking programs, policies and media messaging. The very human rights violations perpetrated upon innocent Afghan children are the ones which this Administration is demanding action to enforce zero tolerance:1.U.S. Department of Defense Policy Against Human Trafficking. In the press release praising the ongoing military awareness training of human trafficking, the Army media alert highlights the annual training and progress for DoD s military as  driving home the department s  zero tolerance  for slavery and human trafficking. Apparently, that DoD zero tolerance policy doesn t apply to Captain Quinn and Sgt. Martland. Is it simply awareness, but no action to stop human trafficking and sex slavery? Zero tolerance means stopping the cultural and systemic abduction and sex slavery of young Afghan boys. Is the DoD training report mere lip service and media hype to convince Americans that the U.S. military fights human trafficking and sex slavery?The DoD press release ends with the ironic caveat that  military leadership also plays a critical awareness role in preventing such crimes.  Sgt. Martland and Captain Dan Quinn are military leaders who  prevented  further human trafficking crimes and are now paying for it with their military careers. Via: Yore Children",0
20988,"How Loudmouth “Musician” Who’s $53 Million In Debt, Is Using Racism To Promote Himself","Yeah okay Kanye Noted jacka$$ Kanye West doesn t want white publications to write about his music anymore. They just don t get it.And this isn t racist at all.The Huffington Post reported:On a far too cold Thursday afternoon in New York City last week, Kanye West finally debuted his album,  The Life Of Pablo,  at Madison Square Garden to over 20 million people tuning into a live stream on Tidal.Then he announced on Twitter that the album he previewed wasn t the album.At the end of the week, on  Saturday Night Live,  West eventually announced he had put the real album online. But even then  TLOP  was just on Tidal. Although it s unclear whether the album currently streaming on Tidal is the final version, publications such as The New York Times and Pitchfork put out their reviews just shortly after the release Then, after letting that rack up retweets and hearts for about half an hour, West decided to go after  white  publications that try to review  black music.  Via: Gateway Pundit Since White publications shouldn t cover black music, does that mean White billionaires, like Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, shouldn t cover the debts of black  musicians?   https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/699374499414691840https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/699374593996300288https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/699374547347243008 ",0
20989,The “ISLAMIC RAPE OF EUROPE”…One Nation Is Fighting Back In Most Politically Incorrect Way,"As an American of Polish descent, I am proud to see Poland taking a stand against an invasion of Muslims who seek to forever change the culture and destroy the rich history European nations have enjoyed for centuries. While other European nations sit back and wring their hands over the rape, sodomy and molestation of their citizens, Poland is taking a strong stand by letting the Muslim migrants know, they are not welcome to invade their country.One of Poland s most popular weekly magazines has splashed a graphic depiction of the rape of Europe s women by migrants on its front cover. The image may be one of the most politically incorrect illustrations of the migrant crisis to date.While Poland is generally much more relaxed about expressing itself than the self censoring tendencies of western and northern Europe, the cover of the latest wSieci (The Network) conservative magazine has already prompted reaction just 24 hours after release, being beamed around the continent by social media.Featuring a personification of Europa being pawed at by dark hands   what the German media would perhaps euphemistically term  southern  or  Mediterranean    the headline decries the  Islamic Rape of Europe .Making perfectly clear the intention of the edition, the edition features articles titled  Does Europe Want to Commit Suicide?  and  The Hell of Europe . The news-stand blurb declares:  In the new issue of the weekly Network, a report about what the media and Brussels elite are hiding from the citizens of the European Union .Opening the cover article, Aleksandra Rybinska writes:  The people of old Europe after the events of New Year s Eve in Cologne painfully realised the problems arising from the massive influx of immigrants. The first signs that things were going wrong, however, were there a lot earlier. They were still ignored or were minimised in significance in the name of tolerance and political correctness .Outlining the fundamental differences between eastern Islam and western Christianity    culture, architecture, music, gastronomy, dress    the editorial explains these two worlds have been at war  over the last 14 centuries  and the world is now witnessing a colossal  clash of two civilisations in the countries of old Europe . This clash is brought by Muslims who come to Europe and  carry conflict with the Western world as part of the collective consciousness , as the journalist marks the inevitability of conflict between native Europeans and their new guests.The collapse of the West in the face of this  Islamic rape  was not inevitable though, as Rybinska quoted British historian Arnold Toynbee:  Civilisations die from suicide, not by murder .Via: Breitbart News",0
20990,DEMOCRAT LAWMAKER Puts Forth Bill Requiring Wife’s Permission For Men To Obtain Viagra Prescription,"Leave it to a Democrat to waste everyone s time and money by putting forth legislation she knows has no chance of passing, as a means to convince legislators they need to make it easier to kill an unborn child. A Kentucky lawmaker has put forward a bill that would require men to visit a doctor at least twice and obtain a signed permission slip from their wives before they could obtain a prescription for the erectile dysfunction drug Viagra.State Rep. Mary Lou Marzian, a Democrat, acknowledged to the Louisville Courier-Journal that the bill has no chance of passing. However, she said the bill was a response to several anti-abortion measures, including a recently ratified law that requires a woman seeking an abortion to get counseling at least 24 hours in advance from a health professional.In an opinion piece, Marzian said her bill is meant to  illustrate the absurdity of government encroachment into women s personal and medical decisions currently running amok in the Kentucky General Assembly and [Gov. Matt] Bevin administration. Marzian s bill specifies that only married men can obtain Viagra and a prospective patient must  make a sworn statement with his hand on a Bible that he will only use a prescription for a drug for erectile dysfunction when having sexual relations with his current spouse. Other state lawmakers have filed similar bills to make political points. In 2012, a bill from an Ohio state senator required men to get a psychological evaluation before getting a Viagra prescription and last year a South Carolina state representative filed a bill that would require men to wait 24 hours before getting a prescription.Marzian has also said she would file a bill requiring potential gun buyers to undergo counseling from victims of gun violence 24 hours in advance of the purchase. Via: FOX News",0
20991,"QUESTION: Since Paris Terror Attacks, How Muslim Refugees Have Arrived In U.S.? How Many Are Christians? [VIDEO]","The answer to this question should shock every American The government has admitted 605 Syrian refugees for resettlement in the United States since last November s Paris terrorist attack, two of whom are Christians.The rest are 589 Sunni Muslims, 10 Shia Muslims, three other Muslims, and one refugee identified in State Department Refugee Processing Center data as  other religion. At the same time, the proportion of Christians among the total cohort of Syrian refugees admitted into the U.S. since the conflict began five years ago has now dropped below two percent.Just 55 Christians (1.9 percent) are among the 2,769 Syrian refugees admitted since March 2011, while a large majority   2,594 (93.6 percent)   has been Sunni Muslims.Christians accounted for about 10 percent of Syria s population when the civil war began and Sunni Muslims for an estimated 74 percent.The administration has rejected calls by some Republican lawmakers, and some GOP presidential candidates, for Syrian Christians to be prioritized in the refugee admission process.Here s the truth about how these Muslim  refugees  who are coming from countries who hate are finding their way  to the United States:The ISIS terrorist attack in Paris on November 13 fueled concerns that the terrorist group was exploiting the flow of refugees and migrants as cover to send jihadists into the West to carry out attacks.French authorities said two of the attackers had been carrying fake Syrian passports and warned European Union partners that  some terrorists are trying to get into our countries and commit criminal acts by mixing in with the flow of migrants and refugees. Last Tuesday, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper affirmed during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing that ISIS has done so. Isn t it already proven that Mr. Baghdadi is sending people with this flow of refugees that are terrorists that   in order to inflict further attacks on Europe and the United States?  Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) asked him, referring to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. That s correct,  Clapper replied.  That s one technique they ve used is taking advantage of the torrent of migrants to insert operatives into that flow. In addition, he continued, ISIS has become  pretty skilled at [producing] phony passports, so they can travel ostensibly as legitimate travelers as well. In December, House Homeland Security Committee chairman Rep. Michael McCaul (R-Texas) said the U.S. intelligence community  has identified already individuals tied to terrorist organizations in Syria that want to exploit and get into the United States through the refugee process.  Via: CNS News",0
20992,FACEBOOK USER ARRESTED FOR “Offensive” Posts About Syrian Refugees: “social media abuse will not be tolerated”,"Only months ago, Obama s Attorney General, Loretta Lynch warned Americans the U.S.Department of Justice intends to criminally prosecute and even imprison Americans who they determine are guilty of using  speech that edges towards violence against Muslims. For anyone who thinks our new tyrannical government has no ability to arrest you for comments you make on Facebook think again. Scotland police have said the arrest of a man responsible for a series of offensive Facebook posts about Syrian refugees resettled on the Isle of Bute should send a clear message that such social media abuse will not be tolerated.Following a report of a series of alleged offensive online posts relating to Syrian refugees living in Rothesay on Bute, Police Scotland confirmed on Tuesday that a 40-year-old man, understood to be from the Inverclyde area, had been arrested under the Communications Act.Twelve Syrian families arrived in the seaside town in early December, as Scotland welcomed one third of the thousand refugees David Cameron agreed to take from camps bordering Syria before the end of last year.Following the arrest, Insp Ewan Wilson from Dunoon police office said:  I hope that the arrest of this individual sends a clear message that Police Scotland will not tolerate any form of activity which could incite hatred and provoke offensive comments on social media.  Via: The Guardian",0
20993,BEST DESCRIPTION EVER Of Liberalism In One Paragraph,"The character of the modern Left, and the core of the censorious campus leftism at the moment, has seldom been better described than by this 1978 passage from Harry Jaffa in How To Think About the American Revolution. Most importantly he understands that the distinction between liberalism and radicalism had dissolved, which explains Bernie Sanders:Liberalism and Radicalism both reject the wisdom of the past, as enshrined in the institutions of the past, or in the morality of the past. They deny the legitimacy to laws, governments, or ways of life which accept the ancient evils of mankind, such as poverty, inequality, and war, as necessary and therefore as permanent attributes of the human condition. Political excellence can no longer be measured by the degree to which it ameliorates such evils. The only acceptable goal is their abolition. Liberalism and Radicalism look forward to a state of things in which the means of life, and of the good life, are available to all. They must be available in such a way that the full development of each individual which is how the good life is defined is not merely compatible with, but necessary to, the full development of all. Competition between individuals, classes, races, and nations must come to an end. Competition itself is seen as the root of the evils mankind must escape. The good society must be characterized only by cooperation and harmony. The Old Liberalism saw life as a race, in which justice demanded for everyone only a fair or equal chance in the competition. But the New Liberalism sees the race itself as wrong. In every race there can be but one winner, and there must be many losers. Thus the Old Liberalism preserved the inequality of the Few over and against the Many. It demanded the removal of artificial or merely conventional inequalities. But it recognized and demanded the fullest scope for natural inequalities. But the New Liberalism denies natural no less than conventional inequalities. In the Heaven of the New Liberalism, as in that of the Old Theology, all will be rewarded equally. The achievement of the good society is itself the only victory. But this victory is not to be one of man over man, but of mankind over the scourges of mankind. No one in it will taste the bitterness of defeat. No one need say,  I am a loser, but I have no right to complain. I had a fair chance.  The joys of victory will belong to all. Unlike the treasures of the past, the goods of the future will be possessed by all. They will not be diminished or divided by being common. On the contrary, they will for that reason increase and intensify. No one will be a miser or a Conservative.Via: Powerline",0
20994,SYRIAN REFUGEE Family LIED About BED BUG Infestation To Get Better Housing,"The entitled refugee mentality is becoming the norm in bleeding heart nations around the world. We recently reported about complaints from Italian citizens that refugees were dumping garbage in the streets of Italy to protest poor wi-fi. In Germany, an Afghan family refused to get off the bus at their new government funded flat, after complaining they were promised a home.Immigrant Services Association of Nova Scotia says staff thoroughly inspected an apartment to ensure it was bedbug-free before moving in a family of six Syrian refugees on Feb. 1.Director of operations Gerry Mills said families are moved into safe and appropriate housing, and ISANS staff keep the health and well-being of refugees in mind. Our staff know what bedbugs look like and since Friday we ve had staff there every day in different apartments, honestly trying to look for bedbugs. We have found not one bedbug,  she said.On Tuesday, Ziad Zeina told CBC News through an interpreter that he wanted to get his family out of their two-bedroom apartment on Gerrish Street because the bedbug problem  is non-stop and it s not going to change and there s no solution at this moment. But Mills said one of the first steps workers take is to inquire with building managers whether the biting pests are a problem on site.In the case of Harbour View Apartments where the Zeinas live, Mills said building managers took the preventive step of fumigating their unit even though it did not have bedbugs. You can actually tell because there s still kind of an actual vague smell in them [apartments],  Mills said.Or was it a pre-existing skin condition?Wafaa Al Safadi holds her 10-month-old son, Rayan Zeina. She says he is covered in bed bug bites. (Elizabeth Chiu/CBC)The Zeinas are government-assisted refugees who stayed briefly in Charlottetown and decided to settle in Halifax at the end of January.The family insists there s a bedbug issue and Wafaa Al Safadi lifted her baby s shirt to reveal his chest and back covered in scabs and red rashes.But Mills said the baby has a pre-existing skin condition. The marks were on the child even before they moved into that apartment. When they were in the hotel, we spoke with the family then about taking the child to the doctor to get some medication. ISANS said there are 16 families of Syrian refugees living in the same building and no other families have complained about the blood-sucking insects. Via: CBC ",0
20995,HOOKERS FOR HILLARY: Why They’ve Got Her Back…[VIDEO],"It only seems fitting that an openly immoral group would attach their wagon to the wife of the most sexually deviant President to ever occupy the White House As Hillary gears up for the Nevada caucus, her supporters are drumming up support in a bid to avoid another crushing defeat by Bernie Sanders.This includes one, not-so conventional group who have had her back since she announced her candidacy back on April 12.Hookers for Hillary are back out on the road in a bid to help the Democratic candidate to a much-needed victory.The group of prostitutes work at the legal brothel, the Moonlite Bunny Ranch near Carson City, which is owned by Dennis Hof, who made headlines after Lamar Odom was found unconscious in one of his establishments last year.The campaign was his idea, and his employees have his backing. Entice Love, a 26-year-old mother of two from Sacramento, who works at the ranch told The Guardian:  I m for Hillary because she s cracking down on domestic violence.Many of them chose their profession, which is illegal in the other 49 U.S. states, to get health insurance for themselves and their families.Some suffer health problems that require expensive medication. Taylor Lee, a 26-year-old from Houston, told The Guardian her job at the Moonlite Ranch helped her keep up with payments for epilepsy pills   which cost $10 a piece.However she admitted she was pushed to vote for Hillary, but will be caucusing for rival Sanders. Via: Daily MailIf Hillary gets in, does that mean everyone in Las Vegas gets free health care, free school and free sex? Sounds like it could be a suitable retirement choice for Bill . ",0
20996,DISTURBING TRUTH ABOUT How The UN Decides Which Muslim “REFUGEES” Will Be Your New Neighbor [VIDEO],"Every American should know the corrupt UN has been, and will continue to be, the one organization who decides which Muslim  refugees  will be flooding your hometown Who picks the Syrian refugees that resettle in the U.S.? Homeland Security? No, the United Nations, in concert with a global Islamist group. And they re sending  more than 15,000,  not the widely reported 10,000.In fact, Washington has no role in selecting the thousands of Syrian refugees coming to your hometown. The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees is really behind the effort, and he s referred an additional 5,000-plus Syrian nationals here.A new State Department report reveals that the U.S. already has accepted at least 15,000 Syrian refugee referrals from the UNHCR. The United States is one of 28 countries that have agreed to accept referrals from UNHCR as part of its ambitious international effort to secure permanent or temporary resettlement for 130,000 Syrian refugees by the end of 2016,  the State Department said in  Proposed Refugee Admissions for Fiscal Year 2016. As of mid-2015, UNHCR has referred more than 15,000 Syrian refugees to the United States,  the 71-page report adds.  And these individuals are being screened to determine whether they are eligible. Of course, that security screening is a joke, as the FBI director and his top counterterrorism aide, as well as the Homeland Security and National Intelligence chiefs, have all testified.State notes in its report that security checks include  biographic name checks for all refugee applicants and biometric (fingerprint) checks for refugee applicants.  Only Syria is a failed state, and there are no fingerprint databases to check applicants against.The Islamic State has publicly vowed to use the refugee program to invade Europe and America, and allegedly has already infiltrated some 4,000  warriors  among the flood of Syrian refugees.The Obama administration insists that it will catch any terrorist infiltrators through its interviewing process.But, the State Department report said,  In some countries, such as Syria, Yemen and Eritrea, Department of Homeland Security adjudicators have been unable to travel to interview applicants for several years. That s not all. The UNHCR is working  hand in hand  with an international Islamist group of 57 Muslim nations   the Organization of Islamic Cooperation   whose founding charter seeks to propagate  legitimate jihad  and  the norms of Islamic Shari ah.  Saudi-based OIC, in fact, is tied to the radical Muslim Brotherhood. We are delighted to work   with the OIC,  said U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres.So it s really the U.N. and radical Islamists who are choosing your new Muslim neighbors.While the U.N. calls its project  refugee resettlement,  the Islamists call it  hijra,  or immigration jihad. Via: IBD",0
20997,LOCAL SHERIFF Escorting School Kids Not Allowed To Bring Gun Into Theater,"Because shootings never happen in a gun-free theaters right?  A local sheriff s deputy escorting a group of fifth-grade students on a field trip to the Fox Theater in Atlanta said he was told to stand outside because he was carrying his service weapon, reports WSB-TV.Monday, Sergeant Jack Gilroy was assigned to escort 60 fifth-grade students and their teachers from Stark Elementary School to the Fox Theater for a field trip.Butts County Sheriff Gary Long said it s standard procedure for an on-duty deputy to escort kids on all sporting events and field trips.  It gives a sense of security to parents at work or home,  Long said.Gilroy said a Fox Theater security officer asked him to leave the building or store his service weapon in his vehicle. How would the owner of the Fox explain if a shooting happened and here s a Butts County deputy sitting inside the theater without a weapon?  Long said.Gilroy decided to keep his weapon and stand outside the theater for nearly three hours.A Fox Theater spokesperson told Channel 2 Action News their policy allows on-duty, uniformed law enforcers to enter the theater with their weapon. They released a statement that said,  We plan to review our policies with the staff to ensure that procedures are clear moving forward. Gilroy said the security company called him to apologize.Via: Police Magazine",0
20998,HERE WE GO AGAIN…GRAMMY AWARDS UNDER FIRE For Not Honoring Enough Dead Black People,"All of a sudden #BlackDeathsMatter Could the Grammy Awards have their own race problem? The show is coming under huge pressure to diversify its all-white tribute lineup and honor the late Maurice White.During Monday s telecast, Lady Gaga will perform an eight-minute David Bowie tribute, Jackson Browne will honor Glenn Frey and Alice Cooper and Johnny Depp are expected to perform a tribute for Lemmy from Mot rhead.But industry insiders are griping that White, of the band Earth, Wind & Fire, and Natalie Cole have been banished to a video tribute package with others who died in the past year. Over the last week or so, since Maurice White passed away, there has been back and forth with the producers and the academy about some kind of representation of him during the show. The tributes they ve confirmed are all white. As of yesterday, there was no tribute at all for Maurice because Grammy producers said they didn t have time,  one insider told us.Meanwhile, another source close to the Grammys said they re still trying to figure out how to add more diversity to the lineup. Maurice White and the group he founded had unprecedented impact on pop culture. After a lot of pressure, producers are trying to figure out how to properly pay tribute to him. It s still in limbo,  said the insider.To make matters worse, Run-DMC will receive a lifetime achievement award   but it won t be televised.  People are afraid to speak on it because it s the Grammys. But there s a history of them not acknowledging black artists,  the first source added.Even though rapper Kendrick Lamar leads the Grammy nominations with 11 nods, the show still faces accusations of not doing a good enough job of honoring artists of color. Billboard recently reported in a  Confessions of a Grammy Voter  piece,  The voting bloc is still too white, too old and too male . . . the voters are becoming more diverse in terms of minorities, females and younger ages   but there s still a long way to go. Grammy reps didn t get back to us by press time. Via: NYP",0
20999,U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION: Teachers Should Incorporate Islam In More Subjects,"Does anyone in recent history remember the US Department of Education asking educators to place more emphasis on Christianity or Judaism in their curriculums? Yeah neither do we As parents across the country storm school board meetings over a perceived overemphasis on Islam in the curriculum, bureaucrats in Washington, D.C. are suggesting ways teachers can focus more on the religion.A recent blog posted to Home Room,  The official blog of the U.S. Department of Education,  points out that terrorist attacks in Paris and California sparked anti-Muslim incidents in schools and other places.Muslim students, and those perceived to be Muslim, could be bullied, and the government wants teachers to know how to  create an anti-bias learning environment  by focusing specifically on those students and their faith. This means incorporating the experiences, perspective and words of Muslim people into the curriculum through social studies and current events instruction, children s literature, in order to learn about different cultures,  the blog reads. When you teach about world religions, be sure to include Islam.   It s also important to be aware that some Muslim students may feel relieved and comfortable discussing these issues in class and others may feel nervous, scared or angry to be talking about a topic so close to home. The education experts   authors Jinnie Spiegler, director of curriculum with the Anti-Defamation League, and Sarah Sisaye of the Education Department s Office of Safe and Healthy Students   suggest that teachers pick controversial current events  ripe with examples of bias and injustice  to highlight anti-Muslim discrimination, and to  discuss what actions (students) could take to make a difference. Teachers should also take it upon themselves to spread awareness about  Muslim cultural traditions  by encouraging events like Hijab days, when female students wear the Islamic religious scarf donned by their Muslim classmates. The education experts provided a link to a YouTube video of an event at Vernon Hills High School in December as an example.Meanwhile, in places like Tennessee, state officials are reviewing curriculum early amid a barrage of complaints about questionable lessons on Islam in middle school history courses. Parents have highlighted lessons that required students to read, write and recite the Islamic conversion prayer; and pointed out the disproportionate amount of time students spend studying Islam versus other religions.Parents have also questioned the accuracy of texts that suggest Christians and Muslims worship the same God and that Islam is a  religion of peace,  EAGnews reports. A lot of the things we hear about Muhammad and a lot of the warfare that was waged is very much sugar coated,  Williamson County School Board member Susan Curlee said at a December town hall. My concern is, are we going to be asking students on a test to potentially compromise their faith for the sake of a grade?  she questioned.Also in December, parents in Greenville, Virginia raised objections to a world geography lesson at Riverheads High School that tasked students with copying the Islamic conversion prayer in Arabic, by hand. The intent, according to the lesson, is to  give you an idea of the artistic complexity of calligraphy,  The Shilling Show reports.The lesson doesn t appear to explain what the shahada or  Islamic statement of faith  is exactly    There is no god but Allah, and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah    but it does discuss the inspiring beauty of the Koran.And it s those types of lessons that are sparking a backlash from parents across the country, from lawsuits in Maryland to proposed legislation in Tennessee, centered on what many view as Muslim  indoctrination  through curriculum.A bias toward Islam is one of the reasons Tyler County Board of Education President Bonnie Henthorn decided to homeschool her children, rather than allow them continue in public schools, the Charleston Gazette-Mail reports.And while the Education Department blog stresses the importance of creating classrooms that are  free from discrimination and harassment based on protected traits   including religion,  it offers no suggestions for teachers struggling to explain to parents why government approved texts and associated lessons focus more on Islam than other religions. Via: EAG News",0
21000,ENTITLED “REFUGEES” Taken To Flats In German Town…REFUSED To Get Off Bus…Said They Were Promised A House,"Wow! It s hard to believe the German government could be so cruel. Sounds like a clear cut case of racism or something like that There was an uproar yesterday at the Wasserfahrt in Kl tze, Germany, as a minibus from the Altmark district passed by the new number 18 block of flats.Both of the caretakers of the emergency accommodation in Salzwedel brought a total of six people from Afghanistan, a couple with two children and the brother with his wife. They were to have temporary accommodation in Kl tze. But the Afghans refused to get off the bus. They just sat there. The reason: in the reception centre where they were housed during their flight, they had been promised a house. They insisted on this and refused to move into the home in the new block of flats.The two local council employees had no choice but to close the minibus doors and drive with both families back to Salzwedel. There the Afghans were housed once again in the sports hall at the Kollwitz school. In the afternoon, two interpreters tried to discuss the matter with the four adults and two children and explained the alternatives: Kl tze or the emergency accommodation. Via: az-online",0
21001,NIGHTMARE SCENARIO: FOX NEWS Reports Obama Can Appoint Supreme Court Justice On Jan 3rd…Could This Be His Final ‘SCREW YOU AMERICA’ Act?,"Pray for our nation FOX News reported this afternoon that Barack Obama can appoint a left-wing Supreme Court Justice after the Republican Senate adjourns on January 3, 2016.Obama will then have 17 days to nominate a far left justice to the Supreme Court.11 of 12 previous recess appointments were approved by the senate.This came up in discussion after news broke that conservative Justice Antonin Scalia was found dead today.This would be his last  eff-you  to the American people before he leaves office.God help us.WATCH:https://youtu.be/4IQsJjJC5_kVia: Gateway Pundit ",0
21002,"ONLY HOURS AFTER DEATH Of Supreme Court Justice Scalia, Democrats Demand Obama Chooses His Replacement","The US Supreme Court is set to decide the first major abortion case in nearly 10 years as well as critical decisions on immigration, affirmative action and voting rights. Will the Republican party have the spine to stand up to these reprobates and demand that we wait until after the election to appoint a new US Supreme Court Justice?  Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Saturday that the Senate should wait until a new president is elected to confirm a replacement for Justice Antonin Scalia, whose sudden death Saturday shook Washington and threatened to reshape the 2016 presidential race.Democrats said that with 11 months left in Mr. Obama s tenure, the Senate has enough time   and indeed an obligation   to confirm a replacement. The American people  should have a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court Justice. Therefore, this vacancy should not be filled until we have a new president,  the Kentucky Republican said in a statement.News of Scalia s death was just hours old before the debate heated up.With the court now divided between four Republican-appointed justices and four Democratic picks, Mr. Obama would have a chance to tilt the bench decidedly to the left, and liberal lawmakers said he should have that chance.Via: Washington Times",0
21003,UNHINGED LEFTIST Apologizes To “Refugees” Who Gang Raped Her,"Why stop there? Using liberal logic, shouldn t the 3 year old girl who was raped at a refugee center apologize as well? What about the 10 year old boy who was repeatedly raped while cops in Sweden ran away?  What about the 72 year old woman who was anally raped by a rapefugee in Germany? What about the mass number of women and young girls who were raped and sexually assaulted on New Years Eve in Germany? Are these rapists owed an apology from their victims as well? Progressives are showing their true colors and the world is getting a glimpse into the results of a  religion  that has been allowed to dictate laws and socially acceptable behavior for decades A 24-year-old spokeswoman for the  Linksjugend Solid  (Left-wing Youth Solid) was raped by three refugees on January 27, 2016.Here is the original report of the crime published by the police:In the evening of 27 January, a 24-year-old woman filed a complaint with the police. She said that on Tuesday night she was the victim of a sexual crime in a car park in the Oststadt district. The detailed circumstances of the crime require further investigation that will be carried out by the Mannheim Criminal Police Section of the Heidelberg Criminal Police Management.The rape victim recently posted this on her Facebook page:Dear male refugees,  I am so sorry! Almost a year ago I saw the hell from which you have fled. I was not directly in the heart of it, but I visited the people in the refugee camp in southern Kurdistan. I saw old grandmothers who had to take care of too many children without parents. I saw the eyes of these children. Some had not lost their light. But I also saw children whose gaze was empty and traumatising. I showed Arabic characters to around 20 Yazidi children in their maths class and still remember how a small girl started crying only because a chair fell. I have had a taste of the hell from which you fled. I didn t see what happened there and didn t experience the challenging journey you had to make. I am glad and happy that you managed to get here. That you were able to leave IS and its war behind and did not drown in the Mediterranean. But I am afraid you are not safe here. Burning asylum homes, daily attacks on refugees and a brown [tn: used in German as a synonym for Nazi] mob running through the streets. I have always fought against the fact that that s how it is here. I wanted an open, friendly Europe. One in which I d be happy to live and where we would both be safe. Sorry.  I am so unbelievably sorry for both of us. You, you are not safe, because we live in a racist society. I, I am not safe because we live in a sexist society. But what I am most sorry about is that the circumstances of the sexist and excessive actions that were done to me will only contribute to the increasing and ever more aggressive racism to which you are exposed. I promise you I will scream. I will not allow it to go on happening. I will not look on and do nothing and let it happen when racists and concerned citizens say you are the problem.  You are not the problem. You are actually not any problem. You are mostly wonderful people, who have earned the right as much as anyone else to be safe and free. That you for being who you are   and it s great that you are here.After a hostile reaction, the Facebook post was apparently deleted. A screenshot of the post however was captured, and can be seen below. Her name on the post appears as Selin G. which sounds non-German, so she is probably of Turkish (perhaps Kurdish origin).",0
21004,EMAILS SHOW OBAMA’S EPA Planned To Let Flint Residents Drink Poison Water Until 2016,"It s fascinating that even before any facts related to the Flint water crisis were available, the Hollywood liberal elite and Leftist s across America were calling for the head of Michigan s Republican Governor. Now that the evidence is overwhelmingly pointing to a corrupt and incompetent EPA along with incompetent Democrat public officials in Flint, MI., will the media start correctly placing the blame where it belongs? WATCH big mouth activist Michael Moore attempting to inject his rancor into the Flint water crisis, as a way to draw attention to himself and place blame on Republican Governor Rick Snyder instead of the actual culprit, the incompetent EPA:Four months after being notified about high lead levels in a Flint home, the Environmental Protection Agency was prepared to let the city continue giving lead-contaminated water to customers until at least 2016, emails released Friday show.Jennifer Crooks, the Michigan program manager for the EPA s Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, sent out an agenda on June 8, 2015, for a planned call with Michigan Department of Environmental Quality officials.In that email, Crooks said it was known that Flint had not been adding any corrosion-control chemicals to its water to prevent lead from leaching from the pipes into drinking water since April 2014. She said the city was in its second six-month testing period.It didn t make sense for the city to start a corrosion control program in June 2015, Crooks wrote. Since Flint has lead service lines, we understand some citizen-requested lead sampling is exceeding the Action Level, and the source of drinking water will be changing again in 2016, so to start a Corrosion Control Study now doesn t make sense,  Crooks wrote. The idea to ask Flint to simply add phosphate may be premature; there are many other issues and factors that must be taken into account which would require a comprehensive look at the water quality and the system before any treatment recommendations can/should be made. The email was sent almost four months after EPA researcher Miguel Del Toral was made aware of high lead in Flint s water.Via: Washington Examiner ",0
21005,"OUTRAGE AND DESPERATION: VIDEO Captures American Company Telling 1,400 Workers Their Jobs Are Going To Mexico","Our next President is going to have to work with Congress to undo all of the excessive tax burdens, government regulations and restrictions, that have been forcing American businesses to go overseas in order to make a profit and compete Is Donald Trump that President? Video footage has emerged documenting the outrage and desperation of 1,400 American workers as they are informed that their company will be sending their jobs to Mexico.As Mediaite reports:  A cell phone video taken at Carrier Air Conditioner in Indianapolis shows the exact moment that the plant and union workers were told that the company had decided to shift production south of the border.  The best way to stay competitive and protect the business for longterm is to move production from our facility in Indianapolis to Monterrey, Mexico,  says the company representative at the microphone. Let s quiet down,  the company representative says as the American workers of different races and ethnicities begin to shout out after being told that they will soon be out of a job.Although the establishment media seems loath to report it, globalist trade deals and the off-shoring of American jobs have become a central focus of the 2016 race  as earlier this month President Obama s signed what could arguably be one of the impactful trade agreements in modern history, the Trans-Pacific Partnership.The Economic Policy Institute has documented that  Between 1993 (before NAFTA took effect) and 2013, the U.S. trade deficit with Mexico and Canada increased from $17.0 billion to $177.2 billion, displacing more than 850,000 U.S. jobs. More than 5 million U.S. manufacturing jobs were lost between 1997 and 2014, and most of those job losses were due to growing trade deficits with countries that have negotiated trade and investment deals with the United States,  the report states.Mexico is a member country of the TPP. The Economic Policy Institute notes,  the United States already has a large and growing trade deficit with the 11 other countries in the proposed TPP, which reached $265.1 billion in 2014. In contrast, the United States had a small trade surplus with Mexico in 1993, before NAFTA took effect. In other words, outsourcing to the TPP countries is a potentially much greater threat than it was under NAFTA with Mexico. Donald Trump has made his opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership a focal point of his campaign.Trump said that if he were President,I would call up the head of Ford  I would say,  Congratulations. That s the good news. Let me give you the bad news. Every car and every truck and every part manufactured in this plant that comes across the border, we re going to charge you a 35-percent tax, and that tax is going to be paid simultaneously with the transaction,  and that s it  If it s not me in the position, it s one of these politicians that we re running against  [then] here s what s going to happen. They re not so stupid. They know it s not a good thing, and they may even be upset by it. But then they re going to get a call from the donors or probably from the lobbyist for Ford and say,  You can t do that to Ford, because Ford takes care of me and I take care of you, and you can t do that to Ford.  And guess what? No problem. They re going to build in Mexico. They re going to take away thousands of jobs. It s very bad for us. So under President Trump, here s what would happen: the head of Ford will call me back, I would say within an hour after I told them the bad news  And he ll say,  Please, please, please.  He ll beg for a little while, and I ll say,  No interest.  Then he ll call all sorts of political people, and I ll say,  Sorry, fellas. No interest,  because I don t need anybody s money  I don t need anybody s money.I m using my own money. I m not using the lobbyists. I m not using donors. I don t care. Via: Breitbart News ",0
21006,THE BEST ANTI-HILLARY AD EVER MADE…You’ll Want To Watch This BRUTAL VIDEO More Than Once,"The Ted Cruz campaign has identified the enemy and they ve placed a target squarely on their backs. It s about time the GOP candidates stopped targeting each other and focused on the real enemy, Hillary Clinton. It Feels Good To Be A Clinton  brilliantly points out the corruption, cover-ups and lies of the Clinton Crime Syndicate. The Cruz campaign uses a very creative rap song in the background to hammer home some brutal truths about Hillary and how she operates We guarantee you ll want to watch this more than once:",0
21007,PREGNANT CHELSEA CLINTON Makes Disturbing Confession About Why She Left Church At 6 Years Old,"The apple doesn t fall far from the tree Chelsea Clinton is pregnant with her second child, so in typical progressive feminist fashion, Chelsea has abortion on her mind. In a new interview, Chelsea Clinton, the daughter of pro-abortion presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, says she left the Baptist Church at the age of 6 because it has a strongly pro-life position opposing abortions.Clinton made the comment at a recent fundraiser for Hillary Clinton in an attempt to address evangelicals who question her mother s faith in God. She said she was upset when teachers in a Sunday School class talked about the wrongness of abortion. My mother is very deeply a person of faith,  Chelsea said.  It is deeply authentic and real for my mother, and it guides so much of her moral compass, but also her life s work. I recognized that there were many expressions of faith that I don t agree with and feel [are] quite antithetical to how I read the Bible,  Chelsea said.  But I find it really challenging when people who are self-professed liberals kind of look askance at my family s history.  Via: Life NewsHmmm .Six years old I wonder if that was about the age when Chelsea referred to the Secret Service as  Pigs.  As we said earlier the apple doesn t fall far from the tree ",0
21008,MUSLIMS CRITICIZE New State Law That Permanently BANS Sharia Law,"Maybe it s time for Muslim citizens and immigrants to start assimilating. What a concept Texas has just made a move that is sure to have many people cheering, and a select few angry. As the march to Sharia Law presses on, it appears Texas is fighting back.Over the past few years, Texas has been quick to take a stand against President Obama and implement the laws necessary to protect its citizens. Now, the Texas legislature has just passed a law designed to permanent bar Muslims from instituting Sharia Law in the Lone Star State.While State Sen. Donna Campbell doesn t specific measure Islamic law in the bill, her measure guarantees that no laws from  foreign courts  will be admissible by Texas civil court judges.  It s just to provide some belt and suspenders to make sure that, with judicial discretion, we don t trump Texas law, American law, with a foreign law regarding family law,  Campbell told reporters.Muslim groups have already criticized the bill, calling it a  solution looking for a problem.  They also argue that the bill will only perpetuate Islamophobia. What do you think? Do you support the measure? Via: Three Percenter Nation",0
21009,PANERA BREAD CEO 2014: “Don’t Bring Your Guns Into Restaurants”…UPDATE: Two MD Sheriffs Shot And KILLED In Panera Bread Restaurant,"Only two days ago, Beyonce used her Super Bowl halftime show to glorify hating cops in front of millions of Americans. Two years ago, CEO s of major companies agreed to ban guns in states where citizens are allowed to carry guns. How long will America sit back and allow the Left to dictate the terms by which we live? Our safety and security is slipping away and we don t appear to have too many people in DC standing up for our rights. Meanwhile, the media seems to be perplexed over the rise of Donald Trump and Ted Cruz in the polls go figure FLASHBACK:Sept. 2014: Bakery-cafe chain Panera Bread has joined a growing list of retailers including Starbucks and Target by announcing that customers should leave their guns at home.The 1,800-outlet, $4.2 billion (market cap) company issued a brief statement on Monday after CEO Ron Shaich spoke to CNBC about the decision:Within our company, we strive to create Panera Warmth. This warmth means bakery-cafes where customers and associates feel comfortable and welcome. To this end, we ask that guns not be brought into this environment unless carried by an authorized law enforcement officer. Panera respects the rights of gun owners, but asks our customers to help preserve the environment we are working to create for our guests and associates.In the weeks and months leading up to this policy announcement, Panera Bread sought advice from Michael Bloomberg-backed Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, now part of the former Mayor s $50 million Everytown nonprofit. Panera deserves our thanks and our congratulations for taking this important step, and I applaud the company for proactively consulting Moms Demand Action as it developed and implemented its policy,  said the group s founder Shannon Watts, who has herself become the focus of ire from open carry activists and the NRA in recent months following efforts to see retailers and restaurant chains change their firearms policies.Watts and her team have most recently spent six figures on an ad blitz aiming to force the hand of Kroger, the country s largest grocery store chain. As of press time, Kroger maintained it would respect state and local laws on gun rights. Via: Forbes February 10, 2016:ABINGDON, Md.  Two Harford County Sheriff s deputies have succumbed to their injuries after shootings at an Abingdon shopping center, officials said.Authorities said a deputy responded to a disturbance call at 11:46 a.m. Wednesday at the Panera Bread near Emmorton Road in Abingdon. That deputy was wounded when at least one shot was fired in his direction, Harford County Sheriff Jeffrey Gahler said. Gahler said restaurant witnesses gave good information as to which way the shooter went. A second responding deputy found the suspect, and shots were fired again, injuring the second deputy. We believe the deputies were shot by the same suspect,  Gahler said. (The shooter) just took out his gun and shot him in the head right after the officer asked him,  How s your day?  witness Sophia Faulkner said.Two additional deputies, who responded to the initial shooting, fired rounds, and a short time later, the suspect was killed, Gahler said. The suspect was identified as 67-year-old David Evans, Gahler said. We know that there were two warrants for his arrest,  Gahler said.  We believe we were sent (to Panera Bread), because someone knew who he was. Police said Evans had two open warrants in two states. Evans had a criminal warrant in Florida for assaulting a police officer and fleeing and eluding police. In Harford County, Evans had an open civil warrant.A loaded handgun was found with Evans after the shootout, Gahler said. We are not looking for anyone else,  Gahler said.  There is no longer a threat to the community. The two deputies involved in shooting the suspect were placed on administrative leave, per agency protocol pending a completed investigation, Gahler said.SkyTeam 11 Capt. Roy Taylor reported that at least one deputy was airlifted to Shock Trauma. The other deputy was taken to University of Maryland Upper Chesapeake Medical Center in Bel Air. During a news conference Wednesday evening, Gahler said both deputies succumbed to their injuries. Today s a sad day for the Harford County Sheriff s Office and the citizens of Harford County, who we are sworn to serve. It s with great sadness that I tell you both deputies who were shot earlier today have succumbed to their injuries. One of our deputies was a 30-year veteran of this agency, served in the Court Services Division. The other deputy had served this agency for the last 16 years and was assigned to the Community Services Division. I would ask you at this time to please respect the families  privacy as they go through the period of grieving. I ve met with both families. I still have to go to Upper Chesapeake. Obviously, I don t think I have to tell anybody. There s no words to describe what they are going through right now,  Gahler said. Anytime law enforcement or first responders lose their lives in the line of duty, it is a tragedy and today s violence in Abingdon and the deaths of two Harford County sheriff s deputies is nothing less than absolutely heartbreaking,  Gov. Larry Hogan said. ",0
21010,LILY WHITE MERYL STREEP Explains Why They Don’t Need Minorities On Film Festival Jury: “We’re All Africans Really”,"There must be an equal number of victims as those born naturally into privilege, or all bets are off in the progressive film business. There s a certain satisfaction one gets in watching the progressive left in the entertainment industry cannibalize each other over a manufactured race issue. They were the first to support the Black Lives Matter terrorists when it didn t personally affect them or their income. Looks like someone s chickens are coming home to roost Three-time Oscar-winner Meryl Streep waded into the debate over the lack of diversity in Hollywood during the opening press conference at the Berlin Film Festival, explaining away the festival s all-white jury panel by telling reporters:  We re all Africans really. Streep, who serves as jury president at this year s Berlinale, labeled the festival  ahead of the game  on the issue of inclusion, according to the Associated Press. There should be inclusion, and this jury is evidence that at least women are included and in fact dominate this jury, and that s an unusual situation in bodies of people who make decisions,  the actress said.The film festival s jury seven-member jury includes British actor Clive Owen, film critic Nick James, Polish director Malgorzata Szumowska, French photographer Brigitte Lacombe, German actor Lars Eldinger, and Italian actor Alba Rohrwacher.The festival s opening press conference was reportedly dominated by issues of diversity and inclusion, topics that have spurred heated debate and controversy in Hollywood after the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences nominated exclusively white actors and actresses at this year s Oscars. The move led some stars such as Will Smith and Spike Lee to boycott this year s ceremony, while the Rev. Al Sharpton has called for a national  tune out  in protest.Streep was reportedly asked if she understood films from the Arab world and from North Africa. The Iron Lady star said that while she did not understand much about films coming from that region, she has  played a lot of different people from a lot of different cultures. There is a core of humanity that travels right through every culture, and after all we re all from Africa originally,  Streep said.  You know, we re all . Berliners, we re all Africans really. Variety reported that Streep made the comment in reference to John F. Kennedy s famous  Ich bin ein Berliner  ( I am a Berliner ) quote:  We are all Africans, and we are all Berliners,  the outlet quoted Streep as saying.Many of the films at the 66th annual Berlinale will focus on Europe s refugee crisis. According to AFP, the festival will showcase roughly a dozen films related to the migrant crisis, with hundreds of screening tickets reportedly being set aside for refugees. The festival will also host donation drives for refugee charities at its gala events. Via: Breitbart News",0
21011,"DESPERATE PROGRESSIVES ARE LOSING IN GERMANY: Leftist Politician Stabs Himself 17 Times, Blames German Right-Wing Extremists","The rampant migrant rape and violence is shining a light on the progressive agenda and it s exposing an ugly, reckless ideology that has dominated the EU for decades. The Left is in a battle to save itself and outside of stabbing themselves 17 times and then blaming the Right, there doesn t seem to be any way out of the mess they ve created. We recently posted about German citizens demanding  rapefugees  and economic migrants be gunned down at the border.For many the news fitted the current image of the #Kaltland [Cold Country]. A communication  that it would have been better not to have to make , published by the Schwerin local association of Die Linke [The Left, former East German Communist party] on late Tuesday evening on its Facebook page. According to this, Julian Kinzel, an 18-year-old member of the local Schwerin board was the victim of a knife attack in Wismar on Monday evening.  The three perpetrators beat him down and stabbed their victim around 17 times with a knife, according to a statement from the doctor who treated him , the statement reads. In the process Kinzel was said to have been insulted as a  gay communist pig .  This and the clothing worn by the perpetrators that is typical of the [far-right] scene (Thor Steinar) supports the suspicion that it was a crime with a far-right motivation,  said the local chairman Peter Brill.The federal Left party even said the case was one of  attempted murder .  We are shocked,  party explained on Wednesday on Twitter. Federal managing director Matthias H hn:  The current case proves in a tragic way once again how dangerous and inhuman right-wing extremism is.  Dietmar Bartsch, head of the Left grouping in the federal parliament, condemned the crime  in the strongest possible way  and explained that the Left would not give up in its fight against right-wing extremism. Party leader Katja Kipping said:  The knife attack is horrific and also an attack on democracy.  Already on Wednesday the speaker of the Rostock police management board, Isabel Wenzel, described the case as  somewhat nebulous. She made reference to the fact that Kinzel only filed a complaint later on Tuesday evening   and not personally at a police station, but via the internet. The hospital at which the young man was treated on Monday also did not report the case to police. Via: Der TagesspeigelJulian Kinzel warned in a reaction on the Facebook page of the Schwerin Left against further [right-wing] radicalisation:  Our answer to hate must be love, to stupidity, reason and to violence, solidarity. Now the police hace arranged for the student to be subjected to forensic medical examination. The investigations up to now have come to the conclusion that Kinzel invented the attack. According to a statement from the Rostock police the  type of injuries do not correspond to the sequence of events that has been claimed in the attack.  On the contrary, it is  sufficiently probable  that Kinzel inflicted the injuries himself. ",0
21012,FEEL THE BERN….How Hillary Walked Away From NH With More Super Delegates Than Sanders,"First she won the coin toss in Iowa, and now Hillary walks away a WINNER even though she lost in a landslide to Marxist Vermont Senator, Bernie Sanders. Never underestimate the power of the Clinton machine If you thought Bernie Sanders won the New Hampshire primary, you d be mistaken. He won the popular vote by 22 percent, but New Hampshire has Super Delegates who don t have to answer to the voters and they re going with Hillary!No wonder the Hillary campaign looked like they were throwing a massive party after last night s crushing defeat at the polls.Sanders won 60 percent of the vote, but thanks to the Democratic Party s nominating system, he leaves the Granite State with at least 13 delegates while she leaves with at least 15 delegates.New Hampshire has 24  pledged  delegates, which are allotted based on the popular vote. Sanders has 13, and Clinton has 9, with 2 currently allotted to neither.But under Democratic National Committee rules, New Hampshire also has 8  superdelegates,  party officials who are free to commit to whomever they like, regardless of how their state votes. Their votes count the same as delegates won through the primary.And they call themsleves the Democratic party.UPDATE:The fix is in for Hillary. If you followed the link to the article, at the bottom is says after a razor-thin victory in Iowa and a shellacking in New Hampshire, Clinton has 394 delegates and Sanders has 42. Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
21013,WHERE WAS GM SECURITY? VALET PARKING ATTENDANT With Gun Saves Life Of Female Stabbing Victim In Massive Tech Facility,"How is it that a major technical facility with over 20,000 employees had to rely on a valet parking attendant carrying a concealed gun to stop a woman from being stabbed to death?  Doesn t this raise questions about how well prepared a major company like GM is for a possible terror attack? Where were the security guards? Are they even allowed to be armed?Police are investigating after a woman was stabbed at the General Motors Technical Center in Warren, Mayor Jim Fouts confirmed to FOX 2.Fouts tells us a woman walked into the 8-story building at the center of the campus and asked to speak with a female employee. The two met in the lobby and started talking but stepped outside when their conversation escalated.It was outside that the visitor pulled out a knife and started stabbing the employee in the neck, back and abdomen several times, Fouts says. The stabbing was broken up by a valet driver who was carrying a concealed weapon.The employee was taken to the hospital and we re told she is in critical. The suspect is in custody at this time. We re told the suspect is not cooperating with police as they are trying to determined how the two women knew each other.Via: FOX 2 Detroit",0
21014,"THIRD DEGREE “BERN!” Why Denmark Is Telling Marxist, Bernie Sanders To Stop LYING To Voters","Lying? If Bernie can successfully convince tens of thousands of college students to believe in unicorns, and pots of gold at the end of rainbows, why not convince them how well stealing from hard working Americans utopian forms of government work in other countries? Who needs facts when Bernie s got unicorns?The Danes apparently have grown weary of Sen. Bernie Sanders insulting their country. Denmark is not a socialist nation, says its prime minister. It has a  market economy. Sanders, the Democratic presidential candidate who calls himself a socialist, has used Denmark as the example of the socialist utopia he wants to create in America. During the Democrats  first debate last month, he said  we should look to countries like Denmark, like Sweden and Norway, and learn from what they have accomplished for their working people. While appearing in New Hampshire in September, Sanders said that he had  talked to a guy from Denmark  who told him that in Denmark,  it is very hard to become very, very rich, but it s pretty hard to be very, very poor. And that makes a lot of sense to me. So because something makes sense to him, he has the right to force that system on people who don t want it? Isn t that what he s saying?But we digress. This is about Danes being offending by Sanders using the word  socialist  to describe their form of government. And who can blame them, especially when the free world has had enough of national socialists and Soviet socialists and North Korean socialists and Cuban socialists?While speaking at Harvard s Kennedy School of Government, the center-right Danish Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen said he was aware  that some people in the U.S. associate the Nordic model with some sort of socialism. Therefore,  he said,  I would like to make one thing clear. Denmark is far from a socialist planned economy. Denmark is a market economy. Rasmussen acknowledged that  the Nordic model is an expanded welfare state which provides a high level of security to its citizens,  but he also noted that it is  a successful market economy with much freedom to pursue your dreams and live your life as you wish. To that we ll add that Sweden, another of Sanders  inspirations, has for decades quietly moved away from its cradle-to-grave form of government welfare. And the Swedes are better off for having done so, just as the Danes will continue to be better off as their government overhauls its welfare state.If Sanders is going to continue to use these nations to guide his governing philosophy, he should base his policy positions on what they really are, not what he thinks they are or wants them to be. These countries have learned a harsh lesson. They don t deserve to be Berned again. Via: IBD",0
21015,MEXICO Says They Won’t Build A Wall…Watch Trump Destroy Them With THIS Brilliant Answer [Video],"Republican candidate Donald Trump was asked about the statement from the former President of Mexico saying Mexico wouldn t pay for a border wall. Quick witted Trump shot back saying,  The wall just got taller . Love it!",0
21016,SENILITY OR TRUTH BOMB? Bill Clinton To Crowd: “Sometimes I Wish We weren’t married” [VIDEO],"It s probably just a big misunderstanding. Bill likely misspoke kinda like, I did not have sexual relations with that woman. ",0
21017,SHRILLARY GIVES BITTER CONCESSION SPEECH In New Hampshire,"Will the Democrats ultimately choose a Marxist who s never accomplished a thing in his life or a serial criminal socialist? Choices choices MANCHESTER, N.H.   Hillary Clinton spoke of being  knocked down  and having problems with young voters in a bitter concession speech after losing to Sen. Bernie Sanders Tuesday night in the New Hampshire Democratic primary. I don t know what we d have done tonight if we d actually won. This is pretty exciting,  Clinton said to her crowd of supporters shortly after 9 PM Eastern Time, flanked onstage by husband Bill and daughter Chelsea, who did not speak.  I just want to say, I still love New Hampshire and I always will. People are angry. But there s also hungry. They re hungry for solutions. What are we going to do?,  Clinton said. I know I have some work to do, especially with young people,  Clinton said.  Even if they are not supporting me right now, I am supporting them It s not whether you get knocked down that matters, it s whether you get back up. Clinton devolved into an angry, ranting style by speech s end, calling for  human rights  for gays, women, workers, and others. She also pivoted to focus on South Carolina, which will be decided by the black vote, talking about how African-American parents should not have to worry about their kids being  harassed  or  shot,  and immigrant families should not have to  lie awake at night waiting for a knock on the door  signaling deportation.She also spoke of the contaminated water crisis in Flint, Michigan and of a hypothetical  grandmother  forced to choose between rent or food because some drug company raised medicine prices by 4,000 percent   an apparent reference to scandal-ridden former drug CEO Martin Shkreli.Clinton lost resoundingly to Sanders in the Granite State. By the time she finished her speech, Sanders was beating her 58.5 percent to 39.7 percent with 37 percent of the precincts reporting. CNN called the race for Sanders at approximately 8 PM.Sanders  win was fueled by a massive turnout by independent voters and non-Democrats.Forty-one percent of Democrat voters were independents and only 55 percent were registered Democrats, according to CNN exit polling. Via: Breitbart News ",0
21018,EPIC! CHECK OUT THE T-SHIRTS Two Guys Wore Behind Hillary During A Town Hall,"This is really epic and just hysterical! It s also the second time someone has trolled one of Hillary s town halls. Remember Sticker Boy? He s the guy who stole the show from Hillary during her speech in Iowa by eating stickers. This takes the cake though:Several members of the audience at a New Hampshire campaign event for Hillary Clinton sported some creative t-shirts, and they made sure TV cameras could capture their t-shirts while Hillary spoke. At least two men wore  Settle For Hillary  t-shirts that utilized the official logo and font of Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign.Check out the guy in the baseball cap:  Settle for Hillary Jeff Bechdel, the communications director for America Rising, a Republican PAC focused on conducting and distributing opposition research, posted a television screenshot of the t-shirts on Monday night. Bechdel screencapped ABC News footage of Hillary s event and posted a picture on Twitter:Via: The Federalist",0
21019,NEW EMAILS SHOW HILLARY Asking How Meeting On Libyan War Would Impact Hamptons Vacation…And MORE,"These grifters have no shame. How much more evidence do Americans need to see before they understand Hillary has no interest in our nation s security? How much more evidence do we need before the Everyday American Queen of the Clinton Crime Syndicate is sent to prison? Judicial Watch today released nearly 70 pages of State Department records that show that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and her top aides, Deputy Chiefs of Staff Huma Abedin and Jake Sullivan, received and sent classified information on their non-state.gov email accounts. The documents, also available on the State Department website, were obtained in response to a court order from a May 5, 2015, lawsuit filed against the State Department (Judicial Watch, Inc. v. U.S. Department of State (No. 1:15-cv-00684)) after it failed to respond to a March 18 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request seeking:All emails of official State Department business received or sent by former Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin from January 1, 2009 through February 1, 2013 using a non- state.gov  email address.The new documents show that Hillary Clinton used the clintonemail.com system to ask Huma Abedin (also on a non-state.gov email account) to print two March 2011 emails, which were sent from former British Prime Minister Tony Blair (using the moniker  aclb ) to Jake Sullivan on Sullivan s non-state.gov email account. The Obama State Department redacted the Blair emails under Exemption (b)(1) which allows the withholding of classified material. The material is marked as being classified as  Foreign government information  and  foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources. Another email shows that Clinton wanted to know how meetings in Washington, including a four-hour meeting concerning America s war on Libya, would impact her Hampton vacation. Responding to an email that details the sensitive meetings in DC, Clinton emails Abedin on August 26, 2011,  Ok. What time would I get back to Hamptons?  Again, this email discussion takes place on non-state.gov email accounts.The documents also include advice to Clinton on Libya from Sidney Blumenthal, a Clinton Foundation employee who, according to a Judicial Watch investigative report, also had business interests in Libya. Clinton wanted Blumenthal s March 9, 2011, Libya memo to be printed  without any identifiers. The newly released Abedin emails include a lengthy exchange giving precise details of Clinton s schedule using unsecured government emails. The email from Lona J. Valmoro, former Special Assistant to Secretary of State Clinton, to Abedin and Clinton reveals exact times (including driving times) and locations of all appointments throughout the day. Another itinerary email provides details about a meeting at the United Nations in New York at 3:00 on Tuesday, January 31, 2012, with the precise disclosure,  that would mean wheels up from Andrews at approximately 12:00pm/12:15pm. These emails show that Hillary Clinton isn t the only Obama official who should be worried about being prosecuted for mishandling classified information. Her former top State aides (and current campaign advisers) Huma Abedin and Jake Sullivan should be in the dock, as well,  said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton.  The Obama State Department has now confirmed that Clinton, Abedin, and Sullivan used unsecured, non-government email accounts to communicate information that should now be withheld from the American people  in the interest of national defense or foreign policy, and properly classified.  When can we expect the indictments?  Via: Judicial Watch",0
21020,12 MUSLIM MIGRANTS GANG RAPE 13 YR OLD GIRL…Muslim Lawyer Blames Girl,"Tell us again Barack, about the  poor widows and orphans  who are being strategically placed in our small towns and communities across America. With all the rape and violence being committed by these  refugees,  why in the world would we welcome these savage animals into our country? Oh that s right to vote for Democrats A Muslim councilor has admitted that some feel as though  it takes two to tango  as 12 men were jailed for gang-raping a 13-year-old white girl in West Yorkshire.The gang of men from Pakistani origin were jailed for a total of 143 years at Bradford Crown Court today, for 13 months of horrendous abuse of the British white girl in 2011 and 2012. However, the Councillor for Keighley Central, where the abuse took place, has admitted that some members of the community felt  it takes two to tango  and that the girl may have  played her part .Zafar Ali, who has been a member of the Keighley Mosque for decades believes that some of the men may have attended in the past, but said the Muslim community totally condemn their actions.He told MailOnline:  Everyone now believes that justice has been done, we need to move forward and it is a lesson for the whole Muslim community. There are a few bad apples but this does not represent the Muslim community as a whole and any sensible Muslim totally condemns these actions. Eleven of the men were today jailed for rape and a twelfth man was jailed for sexual activity with a child under 16 today at Bradford Crown Court, but the ringleader has fled to Bangladesh.West Yorkshire Police confirmed that the men jailed were of Pakistani origin.The sentences come as it emerged that:Ringleader Ahmed Al-Choudhury who facilitated most of the offences is believed to now be living in Bangladesh after fleeing at the beginning of the investigation in 2012 After the sentencing, Kris Hopkins, Conservative MP for Keighley spoke out against the  sick model of organized groups of  Asian men  grooming young white girls , but said there are more women out there who need justice.He said the sentenced were vindication for controversial comments he made during a parliamentary debate in 2012, claiming that organised groups of Asian men were  going around raping white girls .However, he claims that even today he has been  lambasted  for even mentioning that the men are Asian when talking about the sentences.He told MailOnline:  There are sexual offenders who are white, but the fact is this particular model is all  Asian men  and all the victims were white. I was attacked in 2012 and today, when these men were convicted, the community was silent. You have to ask yourself why these men get away with this behavior. There is broader issues around the way women are treated in that community, there are hundreds if not thousands of women who live behind that door and have no voice. In a Commons speech three years ago, Mr Hopkins caused controversy three years ago when he suggested Muslim men were  fundamentally  sexist towards women.Judge Roger Thomas QC condemned the  insolent and disrespectful behaviour  the accused showed in court which he said reflected their treatment of their victim.They showed her no shred of decency or humanity when as a vulnerable child she so needed care and understandingJudge Roger Thomas QC told them:  The attitudes of the majority of you have so clearly demonstrated to these proceedings has been contemptuous, disrespectful and arrogant on a scale that I have hardly seen before in many years of practice in criminal law.  Exactly the same attitude to the 13/14 year old girl who you all sexually abused and exploited for your own selfish gratification. He added:  None of these defendants had any concern for the victim. They were totally uninterested in her welfare and what damage they were causing her. The victim clearly demanded pity and understanding but their view of her was heartless and demeaning. They saw her as a pathetic figure who had no worth and who served no purpose than to be an object that they could sexually misuse and cast aside. Via: Daily Mail ",0
21021,[VIDEO] RUDY GIULIANI: “OUTRAGEOUS” Beyoncé Gets Police Escort To Super Bowl…Uses Halftime Show To Trash Cops And Promote Racial Tension,"Are the people who pay to see Beyonc  perform and buy her music even smart enough to figure out she s waging war against many of them? From her lip-syncing of the National Anthem at Obama s inaugural celebration, to her trip to Cuba with her radical husband Jay Z, they just can t help themselves when it comes to injecting themselves in Obama s race war.Former Mayor Rudy Giuliani blasted Beyonc s halftime performance at the Super Bowl   accusing her of using her platform to  attack police officers. This is football, not Hollywood,  Giuliani fumed Monday morning on  FOX & Friends. At Sunday night s big game, the singer used her moments in the spotlight to highlight racial tension   with her dancers wearing berets similar to those worn by the Black Panthers.Prior to the performance, some of Beyonc s dancers posed for a picture with their fists raised to the sky, evoking the black power salute by two prominent athletes during the 1968 Olympic Games.They also snapped a similar shot while holding a sign that said  Justice 4 Mario Woods,  referring to the 26-year-old man shot dead in December by San Francisco police. I thought that she used it as a platform to attack police officers, who are the people who protect her and protect us and keep us alive,  Giuliani said.  And what we should be doing, in the African-American community and in all communities, is build up respect for police officers and focus on the fact that when something does go wrong, OK, we ll work on that.  Via: NYP",0
21022,MUSLIMS ONLY: UK Water Park Attempts Diversity By Hosting Exclusion Events,"Backwards logic: Since muslims won t integrate, then we must segregate or something like that.A British theme park is the latest organization to offer segregated events in an attempt to be culturally sensitive towards its Muslim visitors. Water World, in Stoke-on-Trent, in Britain s West Midlands region, is hosting  sisters only  and  brothers only  events, demanding visitors wear  Islamically appropriate  attire.The water-park   which claims to attract nearly half a million visitors a year   is believed to have hosted dozens of events over the past few years, with  Islamic Fundays  as well as fundraising events for Gaza charities dating back as far as 2009. The park even goes so far as to claim that female  guards  will keep men out of the venue for the day.Water World s website reads:  Our sisters only event is an event restricted to female gender only and boys up to the age of 4 years old. All rides and attractions are open as normal. Clothing during this event must be both culturally and islamically appropriate for the event. There is a designated prayer area located in the reception area. All windows are blacked out with only female staff/lifeguards on duty throughout the night, Female staff will guard the front entrance to make sure that no males enter the facility. Breitbart London has seen other invitations to the water park, on behalf of Islamic charity Interpal, which has hosted fundraising events for Gaza. Interpal has been accused of fundraising for the Hamas terrorist organisation on three separate occasions, and while it has been cleared by Britain s Charity Commission, one of their recent findings also claimed that Interpal  had not put in place adequate due diligence and monitoring procedures to be satisfied that these organisations were not promoting terrorist ideologies or activities. Where procedures were in place, they were not sufficient nor fully implemented .The group was also forced to sever any links to the  Union of Good  group, which, according to the U.S. government, was  an organization created by Hamas leadership to transfer funds to the terrorist organization. One invitation to a  Sisters Only Funday  even went so far as to promote certain types of clothing. It reads:Dress Code Please ensure that your Awrah [nakedness] is covered at all times. Below are a few suggestions on what you can wear: Top Long Loose T-Shirt/Top. Bottoms Leggings 3 Quarter/Full Length Jogging Bottoms. We would also suggest wearing a leotard under the T-shirt or belt over it as it is likely to float up when you enter the water. A dark coloured T-shirt is recommended as white can become transparent when wet.The most recent  Sisters Only  day was held on May 17th 2015. The  cause , it stated, was  Rebuilding Lives in Gaza   Providing Clean Water , this time hosted by the  Human Appeal  international charity, which is listed on an unverified CIA report from 1996 into  NGOs (non governmental organisations) with Terror Links . Human Appeal reject the validity of the document, despite it being cited by the Centre for Strategic and International Studies in the 2007 book,  Understanding Islamic Charities .The organisation, listed as Human Appeal International on the Companies House register, is similarly named to a UAE-based organisation called Human Appeal International, though the Israeli government has linked both groups, as well as an Australian office. The organisation has not made the claim of mistaken identity, and indeed has  liked  the Human Appeal International (UAE) page on Facebook, via the UK organisation. Human Appeal UK told Breitbart London that the CIA document is  a fake    and that they have previously claimed damages from the Jewish Chronicle newspaper for alleging that the group is a terrorist organisation, which it is not, with further reference to alleged links to Hamas.The Australian Broadcasting Corporation website still carries a report from 2003 that states:  The document, obtained by Lateline, outlines a close relationship between Human Appeal International and Hamas, as well as the US-based Palestinian charity the Holy Land Foundation For Relief and Development, which was raided and shut down three months after the September 11 attacks,  and Wikileaks reveals that a State Department cable from 2005 stated,  In 2003, there were indications that HAI was sending financial support to organizations associated with Hamas and that members of its field offices in Bosnia, Kosovo, and Chechnya had connections to al-Qa ida associates . It is not clear which Human Appeal organisation these reports refer to.The GulfNews website however goes further, and continues to host a diagram linking Human Appeal (UK) to the UAE organisation, and ultimately, Hamas. Human Appeal was banned in 2012 from hosting an event at Manchester Parrs Wood High School. Britain s Department of Education stated:  Since the concerns about HAI have come to light, Parrs Wood has performed further research including consulting local Jewish community representatives. As a result they have decided not to allow HAI or other charities which appear to have links to political organizations to use the school in future. Via: Breitbart News",0
21023,WAS MICHELLE OBAMA In On Beyonce’s Cop-Hating Super Bowl Performance? [Video],"In an interview that is a tradition before the Super Bowl, the Obamas sat down with Oprah s BFF Gayle King to chitty chat about trivial things. Injecting politicians into the Super Bowl festivities has become more and more a normality. The Obamas have taken it to an all new level. It s to be expected but the real concern today is the question of whether Michelle Obama tipped her hat to the fact that she was in on the anti-American, cop-hating half-time performance by Beyonce. You be the judge:Michelle Obama s pre-game Super Bowl fluff interview revealed that she  cared deeply about the halftime show,  even coordinating her outfit for Beyonce s approval.President and Mrs. Obama sat down Sunday with  CBS This Morning  anchor Gayle King, a family friend, for what has become a tradition   a pre-Super Bowl interview.Sunday s performance was a far cry from the contentious exchange that occurred two years earlier with Fox News host Bill O Reilly. In fact, it was nothing short of a love fest that threatened to ruin the day for serious sports fans.Joined by the first lady for the first time, it was a given that the Obamas complained   about such things like bad Wi-Fi service at the White House   before discussing first dates and post-presidency plans, among other hard-hitting topics.The first lady said she cared  deeply about the halftime game show,  likely because pal Beyonc , one of this year s halftime performers, was planning to get political in support of Black Lives Matter. I got dressed for the halftime show,  Michelle said.  I hope Beyonc  likes what I ve got on. Mrs. Obama was dressed in all black, we assume in simpatico with the artist s dancers who performed in wardrobes that resembled the Black Panthers. The only thing missing was a Black Panther beret. Furious Americans are expressing their disappointment and outrage that the Super Bowl halftime show was allowed to be hijacked for political purposes and given a racist, black power theme.Read more: Biz Pac Review",0
21024,BUSINESS OWNERS GET RICH Providing Luxury Housing And Gourmet Food To “Refugees” Who Complain It’s Not Enough,"Meanwhile,  refugees  staying at these luxury hotels in England cry  discrimination  because they re not allowed to eat same food, and enjoy all of the same amenities as  paying guests. The fat cat boss of a company given vast amounts of taxpayers  money to house asylum seekers is on a salary of almost  1million a year, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.MPs have condemned James Vyvyan-Robinson, director of Clearspring Ready Homes Ltd, for profiteering from the plight of refugees after he awarded himself an astonishing near-fourfold pay rise.The company, which is paid by the Government to provide transportation and accommodation for asylum seekers, is currently under investigation by HMRC over its tax affairs.The asylum seekers come from countries such as Eritrea, Afghanistan, Syria, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, Angola and Morocco. Every morning they are treated to a full English breakfast, at lunch they have a selection of sandwiches and for dinner they are served with rice, chicken, pasta and vegetables.But some complain they are discriminated against because they have to eat their food in a function room away from other guests, who have to fork out  14.50 for buffet meals that include carvery meats, fish, vegetables, cheese and biscuits and desserts such as chocolate gateau.A Mail on Sunday reporter who stayed at the hotel as a guest last week witnessed an asylum seeker complaining to staff.The man, who has previously worked at hotels in Dubai, said:  We should be considered VIPs because we are long-staying guests. We are making money for this hotel. He said he fled his home country last summer after escaping an honour killing   and was heard complaining to a waiter:  Why the food is not the same quality, my brother? Why [other] people, they have salad and we don t have salad? Why they have desserts and we don t have desserts? Despite his complaints, he said he was grateful that the British taxpayer was funding his stay.A Libyan asylum seeker also complained about their treatment and that they were served different food to paying guests.Asylum seekers have been at the hotel since last October, with the length of their stays ranging from a few days to a few weeks before they are moved elsewhere.Prices range from  35 for a single room to  71 for a family-sized room, with the cost met by Clearsprings Ready Homes Ltd, a firm contracted by the Home Office. Astonishingly, the asylum seekers seemed to have been left unsupervised, with no Clearsprings staff on the premises during The Mail on Sunday s stay.The travel review website TripAdvisor is flooded with reviews from angry guests who say they were not warned about the asylum seekers before booking the hotel. Many said they were intimidated by large groups loitering at the lobby and bar.One guest even wrote:  I will not be returning unless a bulldozer has preceded me.  Another, describing the establishment as a  disgusting hell hole , said:  I was shocked at all the non-paying guests staying at the taxpayer s expense, courtesy of the Home Office, taking all the lounge areas. Via: Dail Mail",0
21025,"NFL GIVES BEYONCE Super Bowl Half-Time Slot To Promote Cop Hate, Racial Division…Race-Baiting Hubby, JAY Z Makes $1.5 MILLION Donation To #BlackLivesMatter Terrorists","We reported about Beyonce s half-time Super Bowl appearance, where she ll be performing her anti-cop, anti-White song. For a preview of the song she ll be performing, click HERE to see the video. The latest, and equally disturbing news is that her race-baiting husband, Jay Z has just dumped a huge sum of money into the #BlackLivesMatter terror groups coffers.  Anyone who believes in racial harmony and healing the racial divide that Barack Obama and his racist wife have caused, should never give this power couple another cent of their hard earned money. Jay Z s global music and entertainment platform Tidal in association with Roc Nation is donating $1.5 million to Black Lives Matter and several other local and national social justice organizations, Tidal announced exclusively to Mic on Friday   the same day Trayvon Martin would have turned 21-years-old. The streaming service raised the $1.5 million at the first Tidal X: 10/20 charity concert in Brooklyn, New York, featuring Beyonc , Nicki Minaj, Jay Z, Lil Wayne and Nick Jonas.Tidal s group of artist owners, which includes several of the musicians who performed in October s sold-out show including Beyonc , Nicki Minaj and Jay Z, took part in deciding which organizations would receive funding, the streaming service told Mic. The majority of the groups to benefit are social justice activist groups and organizations, with a large portion of these specifically committed to ensuring the nation understands that black lives matter.Tidal s grants will be administered through the New World Foundation, which funds several civil rights groups and social movements. The nonprofits Tidal will fund include Opportunity Agenda, Hands Up United, Sankofa.Org, as well as local organizing groups in California: Community Coalition; Florida: Dream Defenders; Illinois: Black Youth Project; Maryland: Baltimore Justice Fund; Empowerment Development Corporation; New York: Million Hoodies; NY Justice League and Ohio: Ohio Students Association/Organizing Collaborative.According to Tidal, donations will also be given to organizations created by the families of victims of police brutality, including the Trayvon Martin Foundation, the Michael O.D. Brown We Love Ours Sons and Daughters Foundation and the Oscar Grant Foundation.Via: Music.Mic",0
21026,Did UPS Secretly Fly “Refugees” Into U.S. From The Middle East? WATCH Governor Chris Christie’s Shocking Interview With Bill O’Reilly,"So far, this video has over 530,000 views. Does that make the content legitimate? Certainly not. But the premise is certainly not that far-fetched, considering our government has been bringing mostly Muslim refugees to America for over 35 years through the very secretive US State Department Refugee Resettlement Program.A large number of  refugees  that have been strategically placed throughout the U.S. are Muslims. So why are Catholic and Lutheran charities the #1 and #2  largest benefactors of our taxpayer dollars when it comes to delivering Muslims from countries who hate us?I placed a call to our local Catholic charity office where the director assured me over the phone that they aren t  selective  about who comes here. I told her, that as a Catholic, I was more concerned about helping the Christians who are being left behind to be slaughtered by Muslims than bringing Muslims to America. She assured me there really is no difference. I asked her what the rate of conversion is once they bring tens of thousands of Muslims to our local area in Michigan?  Silence.Bill O Reilly seems genuinely shocked to find out that our very own State Department has been quietly dumping off  refugees  in New Jersey with no approval from the state or its citizens.Watch here:Of the approximately 2,000 Syrian refugees who have come to the United States over the past several years, an estimated 97 percent are Muslim.In FY 2015, the State Department, through the Bureau of Population, Refugees and Migration and the Office of Refugee Resettlement, spent more than $1 billion on these programs, which settled international refugees  vetted  by the United Nations High Commission on International Refugees in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. The federal government spent hundreds of millions of dollars more than that on refugees, however. The Department of Health and Human Services also provided a number of  entitlements  to these refugees.Much of this $1 billion in annual revenue goes to voluntary agencies (VOLAGs), several of which are Christian non-profits, such as Catholic Charities, Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service, World Relief Corporation, Church World Service, and Domestic and Foreign Missionary Service of the Episcopal Church of the USA. (also referred to as Episcopal Migration Ministries), who are contracted on behalf of the government to help these refugees get settled in their new homes in America.Five of the top nine VOLAGs are Christian non-profits. The other four are Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society, International Rescue Committee, US Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, and the Ethiopian Community Development Council.After providing three to four months of resettlement services to these refugees, having been well compensated for their assistance services, these Christian non-profit VOLAGS stop providing services and are not required to keep track of the  refugees  location within the United States.As Ann Corcoran wrote recently at Refugee Resettlement Watch, the arrangement benefits the VOLAGs but provides little comfort to Americans worried about the national security implications of bringing in so many unvetted refugees:Refugee resettlement is profitable to the organizations involved in it. They receive money from the federal government for each refugee they bring over. They have almost no real responsibilities for these refugees. After 4 months the  sponsoring  organization is not even required to know where the refugee lives.A good percentage of the revenues of these Christian  non-profit  organizations, many of which were originally established to provide charitable services to the poor already within local American communities, now comes from their work as subcontractors to the federal government to relocate these foreign, often Muslim, refugees.In effect, critics argue, these VOLAGS have become agents of the federal government whose new mission is to import terrorism to the United States under the false flag of Christian compassion.As Refugee Resettlement Watch reported, there are multiple ways for these VOLAGs to generate revenue from this program:a. $1,850 per refugee (including children) from the State Department.b. Up to $2,200 for each refugee by participating in a U.S. DHHS program known as Matching Grant. To get the $2,200, the Volag need only show it spent $200 and gave away $800 worth of donated clothes, furniture, or cars.c. The Volag pockets 25 percent of every transportation loan it collects from refugees it  sponsors .d. All Volag expenses and overhead in the Washington, DC HQ are paid by the U.S. government.e. For their refugee programs, Volags collect money from all federal grant programs    Marriage Initiative,   Faith-based,   Ownership Society etc., as well as from various state and local grants.The program is so lucrative that in some towns the Catholic Church has lessened support for traditional charity works to put more effort into resettlement. It uses collection offerings to promote the refugee resettlement program.Despite claims that these Muslim refugees have been  vetted  to keep out terrorists, numerous reports, including those by the Department of Homeland Security and FBI, indicate that this process is flawed, especially for refugees from countries like Syria, where virtually no data bases to perform background checks exist.Of the approximately 2,000 Syrian refugees who have come to the United States over the past several years, an estimated 97 percent are Muslim.President Obama wants to bring in an additional 10,000 Syrian refugees to the United States in FY 2016 (which ends September 30, 2016). At least 26 governors and the vast majority of Americans oppose this plan on national security grounds, but the President is doubling down.",0
21027,ALL HELL IS BREAKING LOOSE IN GERMANY: Citizens Want “Refugees” Gunned Down At Borders [VIDEO],"Enough is enough! German citizens are witnessing the fast-track decline of their nation. Does America need to look any further than Germany to see that bringing in hundreds of thousands (in Germany s case millions) of Muslim men from countries who have no interest in assimilating in the Western world, is a serious threat to its citizens?  Liberal open-border policies that have been put forth by Angel Merkel and other progressives in power have clearly put their citizens in grave danger. OVER one-in-four Germans say they back a policy to open fire on unwanted illegal refugees at their borders.Watch massive brawl break out in refugee camp over torn Quran:The Alternative for Germany (AFD) party leader Frauke Petry caused a storm a week ago when she advocated the right of border police to gun down migrants. But her comments have struck a nerve in a country being pushed to the brink by the crisis with 29 percent of respondents in a weekend poll backing her extremist plan. Via: Express UKWe  recently reported about a vigilante group in Finland that is gaining large numbers of international members. The Soldiers of Odin are taking matters into their own hands. They are no longer going to sit back and allow the women and children in their communities be raped by these  migrants,  who have no regard for the laws of the countries that have generously agreed to accept and support them. I think it s going to be a war between local people and immigrants.    Soldiers of Odin member Foreigners can t go out alone after dark anymore. It used to be safe to go out in Finland at night, even by yourself, but now we just don t have the courage to do it.    MigrantCLICK HERE for entire story.",0
21028,"WATCH: BEYONCE Performed This Sickening, Cop-Hating, Anti-White Song At Super Bowl","How very progressive  After all, what would Super Bowl Sunday be without a little cop and White-shaming (Obama-Sharpton style), during the halftime show? WATCH:A day ahead of her anticipated return to the Super Bowl halftime show stage, Beyonce has released new single  Formation  along with an accompanying music video.Set in New Orleans, the clip features shots of Bey lying on top of a sinking New Orleans police cruiser as well as a graffiti d wall that says,  Stop shooting us.  There s also a scene of a black child in a hoodie dancing in front of a line of police officers in riot gear. At one point a man holds up a newspaper called  The Truth  with an image of Martin Luther King Jr. on the front page captioned,  More than a dreamer.  Blue Ivy Carter, Beyonce s daughter, also appears in the video.Beyonce will join Coldplay and Bruno Mars in the Super Bowl 50 halftime show on Sunday afternoon on CBS, during which  Formation  will make its live debut, according to Entertainment Tonight.Via: Variety",0
21029,YOU’RE NOT IN EUROPE ANYMORE: Group Of “Rapefugees” Expelled From Norway Are Beaten By Russian Mob For Harassing Girls,"Being sent to Russia for misbehavior may be just the incentive these lawless  rapefugee  need to begin assimilating with the European culture and following the laws they seem to have no regard for According to a Russian news website, about 50 Middle-Eastern migrants, who had been expelled to Russia from Norway, began to harass girls at a club in Murmansk. A mob of Russians then beat hell out of them.  They realised too late they are not in the European Union. Police arrived and apparently did t really disapprove of what was happening. They took 33 of the  migrants  to detention and 18 to the hospital.Local law enforcement officially denies this incident took place, but there is lots of talk about it on social media. Via Newsli.RU",0
21030,HILLARY TRIES TO INJECT Social Class And Race Into Flint Water Crisis.. Immediately Regrets It,"Maybe Hillary should be hiring someone to handle her social media. Hey maybe she could hire her top Aide, Huma Abedin s husband. We hear he knows his way around Twitter, and isn t he out of a job?",0
21031,AUSTRIAN JUSTICE SYSTEM Gives Teen With Homemade Nazi Tattoo Same Sentence As “Refugee” Convicted Of Anal Rape Of 72 Year Old,"Before we get too far into this story, it needs to be pointed out that the 18 year old teen who was just sentenced by a judge for having a homemade Nazi tattoo, was only 15 years old at the time, and has since admitted he made a mistake. The Afghan  rapefugee  on the other hand, was 17 years old when he brutally raped a 72 year old woman. So basically, we re comparing a 15 year old who was utilizing his freedom of expression (whether we agree with him or not is irrelevant) with a violent 17 year old rapist.An 18-year-old Afghan  refugee  was sentenced to 20 months in prison for the anal rape of a 72-year-old woman. Now the Austrian justice system has once again shown us its quality. A 20-year-old, who was 15 at the time, the  offence  was committed, has just been sentenced to 19 months in prison for giving a home-made swastika tattoo.Three young people have been found guilty of engaging in Nazi activities after they drew Nazi tattoos and posted photos of them online.A 20-year-old, who was found to have a German war flag used by the Nazis and portraits of Nazi Socialists in his room, was sentenced by a youth court in Salzburg to 19 months in prison, three months unconditional.He and a 19-year-old accomplice were found guilty of using a pin and eyeliner to tattoo a hand-sized swastika onto someone s chest and then posting the photos online.In addition to the tattooing, the 20-year-old was also accused of shouting Nazi slogans out of his window and singing the song  Polaken-Tango  by the banned neo-Nazi rock group Landser in front of his brother and his brother s girlfriend.He was arrested after his brother called the police, who found him in his room wrapped in the war flag and surrounded by photos of prominent Nazis.He told the court that he regretted his actions, which took place in August 2011 when he was 15-years-old, and that he had now changed.Pleading guilty, he said:  I now know that this is nonsense.  He was charged separately for his Facebook account, where he also posted pictures of himself making Nazi salutes, which he told judge Bettina Maxones-Kurkowski he had done to  show others that he belongs here . Via: The LocalOn Wednesday at the State Court in Vienna s Neustadt an 18-year-old Afghan was sentenced to 20 months in prison without parole for rape. He also has to pay 5000 euros compensation to the 72-year-old woman, who has been very marked by the attack.The incident on 1 September last year created a sensation: the penioner was walking her old dog in the Schwechat meadow near Traiskirchen in Lower Austria, when she encountered two young asylum seekers swimming in the river. According to an acquaintance of the victim in the witness stand, the boys were  also very nice  at first, they even helped the woman over an embankment.  But then one them fell upon her from behind. However, DNA traces confirmed that the pensioner was anally raped. The then 17-year-old Afghan was quickly caught. He does not dispute the crime, but says he was drunk. His friend says he wasn t aware of the rape.Her daughter Sylvia   a committed refugee helper   believes and hopes that her mother was unconscious during the crime. What does Christine F. feel for her tormentor? Despite all of the torment, she even feels some sympathy. ",0
21032,WATCH TV NEWS CREW GO UNDERCOVER: “Homeless” Taking Credit Cards? Panhandlers Living In High Rent Neighborhoods?,"With homeless or needy people on just about every corner, how do we know who truly needs help, or who is just looking to game the system? This undercover expose on the explosion of  homeless  people on just about every corner in suburban Detroit shines a light on the  business  of panhandling. Should panhandling be protected by the First Amendment?Panhandlers standing on the corners has become an increasing issue. Men, women, old and young, all begging for your money.The problem has moved from the city to the suburbs, but why? And, should you give?It seems to have happened in recent months. Panhandlers, everywhere, including American s first highway, Woodward Avenue.They hold signs and pull at your heart strings. Some claim to be homeless, to have cancer, or be a veteran who is hungry. But, are we being conned?We spotted a young guy at the corner of Woodward Avenue and Maple on a recent Friday afternoon panhandling. Moments later, we watched as he folded up his sign and walked to a nearby parking lot where he got into a dark colored SUV.We spotted the same SUV on different occasions at a house in a nice neighborhood in West Bloomfield. When confronted, the young guy first closed the door without answering if he considered what he was doing fraud.Moments later, after being exposed, he came out, profanities flying   upset he was going to be on TV.To some, panhandling has become a job. Honest Abe  and his crew work the corner at 8 Mile and Woodward daily. He even accepts credit cards, but says he is truly homeless and panhandling frauds are becoming more frequent.The problem is growing. Corners that were once off limits are now prime real estate and a recent court ruling involving the Michigan Chapter of the ACLU allows it to happen. Court said conduct of asking for money in public is a form of free speech, it must be protected by the First Amendment.  Attorney Ryan Berman told 7 Action News.We discovered many panhandlers work in teams, sharing signs and corners. Some use your money to buy food, others trade the cash for drugs, booze or cigarettes.Elizabeth Kelly with Hope Shelter in Pontiac says if you want to really help, there are other ways to give. If you really want your donation to do the most good, the very best thing is to give it to an agency that is going to move them forward.  Via: WXYZ ",0
21033,"OPEN-BORDER LIBERALS Put Entire Nation On High Alert: German Spy Chief Warns 1,000+ Radical Islamists Ready To Attack…Over 100 ISIS Members Among Refugees","Thank you Angela Merkel German security service BfV reportedly received more than 100 tip-offs that ISIS militants had infiltrated the country among refugees, according to a recent report. The news comes as massive nationwide anti-terror raids took place this week.The head of the German domestic intelligence service (BfV), Hans-Georg Maassen, told a gathering of politicians that the agency had received more than 100 warnings indicating there were Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) militants staying in Germany as refugees, newspaper Berliner Zeitung reported Friday, without citing its sources.However , some cases of  baseless defamation  were among those tip-offs, Maassen added, according to the newspaper.German security services have remained on high alert since the November terror attacks in Paris which claimed the lives of more than 130 people.Earlier this week, police and security agents all across Germany were scrambled to search for suspects allegedly planning a terror attack in the country, with Berlin seen as the most likely target. Well-known tourist attractions including Alexanderplatz train station and the Cold War-era Checkpoint Charlie could be among the targets of a possible attack, according to preliminary media reports.On Thursday, a police special force unit raided four flats and two businesses in Berlin, detaining four men accused of allegedly having ties to Islamic State. They were suspected of being involved in planning an attack, police spokesman Martin Redlich told RT.German spy chief warns of 1,000+ radical Islamists ready to attack https://t.co/VZn1xRA2oA pic.twitter.com/BlxXGGXHkK  RT (@RT_com) December 13, 2015One of the suspects, a 49-year-old Algerian, was arrested in a three-bedroom flat in Berlin s predominantly immigrant district of Kreuzberg. He was living there on a fake French passport, local media reported, and owned two shops nearby Alexanderplatz and Checkpoint Charlie. Redlich could not confirm the landmarks were the targets, however.The spokesman said police had acted on a tip-off, but he provided no further details.Similar raids also took place in the German regions of North Rhine Westphalia and Lower Saxony. In Berlin alone, 450 police officers were engaged in the operation, German media reported.The main suspect was a 35-year-old Algerian man detained during Thursday s raid in the town of Attendorn. Said to be a possible leader of an IS terrorist cell, he was also being sought by Algerian authorities over allegations he is a member of the terrorist group.He entered Germany in autumn 2015, having traveled the so-called  Balkan route.  At that time, the 35-year-old was registered in Bavaria as a refugee.Both men had been monitored since the end of 2015, after security services had received a tip-off they might be IS infiltrators.Another unnamed 26-year-old Algerian, who also registered as a refugee and lived in a shelter in central Hannover, is suspected by the police to be the cell s communication agent. He is also thought to have possible ties to Belgian Islamists. He has traveled to the Molenbeek district of Brussels, known for harboring jihadists, at least once in recent weeks. Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the mastermind behind the November s Paris attacks, was a Molenbeek resident.Germany took in over 1.1 million refugees in 2015, and fifty-four percent of Germans believe the terror threat in the country is on the rise because of the high number of incoming migrants, according to the latest Spiegel poll. Via: RT",0
21034,OBAMA’S CHIEF OF STAFF WARNS AMERICA…He’s Not Going Away Quietly: Promises “Audacious Executive Actions” Including Gun Control,"The big question is who, in Congress has the will to stop him? Keep your notepads handy America, and start keeping track of who you will and won t re-elect in 2016.White House chief of staff Denis McDonough pushed back against the notion his president is played out in the wake of his last State of the Union address, promising  audacious executive action  in Barack Obama s final year in office.During a breakfast with reporters in Washington, D.C., on Tuesday, McDonough responded to the observation that the president s final speech before Congress lacked the usual pledge to  go it alone  if lawmakers failed to act.Coupled with the feeble executive actions on gun control announced earlier this month, had President Obama rethought the utility of acting unilaterally on issues important to the White House?  We ll do audacious executive action over the course of the rest of the year, I m confident of that,  said McDonough, explaining that President Obama s decision not to outline specific executive actions was more about a commitment to process than a lack of willpower. Process is your friend, but process also dictates what you can do,  McDonough said.  And we do want to make sure that the executive actions we undertake are not left hanging out there, subject to Congress undoing them. In addition to gun control, the White House has expressed interest in further unilateral actions on immigration reform, and in working around Congress to close the prison in Guantanamo Bay. But McDonough said the White House is considering executive action on any and all issues, and that the main question President Obama plans to ask himself is  Why not?   And so that s the spirit through which we ll approach this last year,  McDonough said.Via: National Review",0
21035,"FEMALE REPORTER Assures Viewers Germany’s Carnival Is Free Of “Rapefugees,” As Men Sexually Assault Her On Live TV [VIDEO]","It s hard to tell if the men assaulting this female reporter are  refugees  or Germans. One thing is clear however, there is now an attitude permeating Germany that it s okay to openly commit sexual assault on women. Hmmm .isn t there a culture in the Middle East that has the same mindset? This is a perfect example of the Left putting an ideology before the most vulnerable in their society. To hell with protecting their women and children, welcoming Muslim males, who have no intention of assimilating with Europeans, appears to be the primary concern of progressives in the failed EU expiriment. The sex attack on the Belgian TV journalist Esmeralda Labye (42): she was attacked by two men while the camera was running on a live broadcast for the channel RTBF. The incident occurred around 1.30 am in the Old Market. The perpetrators are still at large.On the evening Labye spoke in a television broadcast about the events in Cologne:  At first it was only fooling around behind me. Then a hand landed on my breast. I was shocked. https://youtu.be/DYQB81Bpd9MLive from the carnival in Cologne, the presenter on the national broadcaster, Esmeralda Labye, was explaining that  things are going relatively well , while passers-by were making obscene gestures and whispering in her ear.Reminder: The final carnival festivities in Cologne, one of the most popular events in Germany, began last Thursday, surrounded by a heavy security after violence that took place at New Year . A total of 2,500 police officers were deployed, three times more than last year .The New Year s night was marred by violence , including sexual abuse , attributed to North African asylum seekers or immigrants.Via: DH.be ",0
21036,"BREAKING: OBAMA’S “Director Of Diversity” Donates Hundreds Of Thousands Of Tax Payer Dollars To Open Borders, Other Radical Groups","Of course anyone on Obama s  Team Fundamental Transformation of America  is exempt from any of the  consequences the rest of America would have to face for the same unlawful actions To meet the Obama administration s goal of  implementing a robust diversity strategy  at the Department of Defense (DOD), the agency s director of diversity violated government rules by distributing hundreds of thousands of dollars to controversial leftist groups. Adding insult to injury, a  consulting  firm gets nearly half a million dollars from the DOD to help distribute the money to groups even those that don t qualify that support the Pentagon s  diversity strategy and program objectives. Among the recipients is the notorious open borders group League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC), Minority Access Inc., a Maryland-based nonprofit committed to decreasing disparities and reducing incidences of environmental injustices, and the renowned National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). Others include the Society of American Indian Government Employees and the Asian American Government Executive Network. In all, the Pentagon s Office of Diversity Management and Equal Opportunity (ODME) gave these and other groups north of $300,000, according to a DOD Inspector General report released this month. These are considered  affinity  groups involved with networking or professional associations that are often race, ethnic background or gender based, according to the report.The high-ranking official who violated DOD and government rules by doling out the cash to unqualified  non-federal entities  (NFE) is Clarence Johnson, the DOD s Director of Office of Diversity Management and Equal Opportunity. In 2010 Johnson, a veteran Pentagon official, was assigned to assist the Army in implementing a robust diversity strategy. The position came with a hefty budget to support diversity outreach functions and Johnson launched a cash giveaway, filling the coffers of groups that should not have received public funds. In its report the DOD watchdog concludes that Johnson  improperly co-sponsored NFEs that he had selected.  Auditors found that Johnson spent $301,000 on NFE sponsorships and recommend  corrective action.  The money flowed through a company called New Concepts Management Solutions (NCMS) that was evidently handpicked by Johnson. In 2012, the Office of Diversity Management hired a consulting firm called Deloitte for $480,554 to handle the diversity outreach allocations.Here s a brief breakdown of how some of the money was divided. The Thurgood Marshall College Fund Leadership Institute Conference got $25,000, the Society of American Indian Government Employees got $12,000 for a training conference and a conglomerate called Latina Style Outreach received $20,000. LULAC and the Hispanic Engineer National Achievement Awards Corporation (HENAAC) received $25,000 each. It appears that Johnson knew well that he was violating agency rules when he headed the diversity crusade because the report reveals that the DOD Office of Special Counsel has consistently said that the agency should not  sponsor  non-federal entities like the ones Johnson gave money to. In addition to money, Johnson provided these various groups with logistical manpower compliments of Uncle Sam.It s unlikely that Johnson will face any repercussions for his transgressions or, at most, a weak slap on the hand. He certainly appears confident in testimony to investigators probing his violations.  My job is to grow, or focus on growing, the presence of minorities and women  in government jobs with higher pay scales, Johnson told investigators. He added that the mission of his office is diversity outreach, which involves informing the diverse audience. This is why he seeks affinity groups that have a  national reach  and influence.President Obama has made it his mission to culturally transform government by teaching federal workers about diversity, race and gender, healthcare disparities and cultural competencies. The effort has affected practically every major agency, including the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and Health and Human Services (HHS), among others. It s been a costly initiative for taxpayers. A few months ago a Judicial Watch investigation found that the Obama administration has paid a Chicago-based firm millions of dollars to strengthen the federal workplace with its brand of diversity consulting. This includes two recent DHS contracts for $24,000 and $10,000 and one for $8,500 from the Department of Energy (DOE). Via: Judicial Watch",0
21037,WATCH: MUSLIM WOMAN ADMITS OBAMA CAME TO MOSQUE TO GET VOTES…Human Rights Attorney Destroys Obama’s Decision,"WOW! There aren t too many non-political people willing to stand up to the lies of Obama and his ties to radical Islam. Human rights attorney, Brooke Goldstein tears Muslim woman who attended the radical DC mosque with Barack Obama yesterday apart with facts:",0
21038,"EUROPE CRASHES AND BURNS, As EU Officials FINALLY Admit Secret About “Refugees” They’ve Known For A While","The Genie is out of the bottle. Europe will never be the same. It s rich history and the uniqueness of each country is gone.Even EU officials are now finally admitting that a lot   or, rather, most   of the people we have been calling  refugees  are not refugees. They are economic migrants with no more right to be called European citizens than anybody else in the world. Even Frans Timmermans, Vice President of the European Commission, made this point this week. In his accounting, at least 60pc of the people who are here are economic migrants who should not be here   are from North African states such as Morocco and Tunisia. As he told Dutch television:- These are people that you can assume have no reason to apply for refugee status. Swedish officials are coming to a similar conclusion, saying that as many as 80,000 of the mainly young men who have gone to Sweden as  refugees  in the past year alone are no such thing.Now there are the usual attempts to crowd-please from certain politicians and officials who are talking about how they might have to deport these people. But they won t, will they? Does anybody honestly believe that the Swedish authorities are currently preparing to deport 80,000 fake asylum seekers from their country?Or let us assume that the 60pc figure is correct for Germany and that 60pc of the people who have arrived in Germany in the past year alone should not be there. Given that it has taken in more than a million people in the last twelve months, is Germany now going to deport as many as three quarters of a million fake asylum seekers from its territory? Of course not. They will not even attempt it. Everybody in Europe knows that. And everybody following events and weighing up their chances from outside Europe knows that.Everybody on earth now knows that Europe s present leaders lack either the will or the means to enforce their own laws. So more people will come next year, and the year after that and the year after that. All in the knowledge that once you re in, you re in. If the facts were otherwise then Sweden, Germany and other countries across the continent would currently be preparing to ship hundreds of thousands of people out of Europe and back to their countries of origin. But they re not.And so the numbers coming in will increase, and the politicians will keep posing, and the European peoples will rightly get more and more enraged at the fact that their continent is being taken away from them. Eventually perhaps even the constant bogeyman warnings about the  far-right  will lose their capacity to scare. Not good times ahead, I d say. Via: UKSpectator Is there is enough courage in America to fight the mass invasion of Muslims into our nation? We have generations of men and women who have given their lives to make America the greatest nation on earth. Are we willing to sit back and let progressive politicians and radical leftist organizations like MoveOn.org turn our country into another Syria, with warring Muslim factions hell-bent on the destruction of Christianity and Judaism? ",0
21039,"GROUP WITH TERROR TIES Encourages Muslims To Swing U.S. Presidential Elections: “Turn Your Islamic Centers, Mosques Into Registration Centers For Voters”","The idea that a tax-exempt radical organization in the United States of America with ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, a terror organization can influence our vote by suggesting Muslims register voters in Mosques should be shocking to every American.Could anyone imagine the outrage if non-profit groups were advocating churches register voters to support the Republican party?The last time the Muslim Brotherhood got involved in an election, it ended with a tyranny, church burnings, terrorism, a civil war, mass sexual assaults on women and a popular uprising against it.Presumably the local Muslim Brotherhood crew is hoping for a better outcome in the United States than they ended up with in Egypt, as Sharona Schwartz at The Blaze Reports.The head of the Council on American-Islamic Relations said that Muslims could comprise the swing vote in the presidential elections if 1 million of them register to vote, as he urged them to turn mosques into polling stations this November. I believe we have at least 1 million Muslim eligible voters in this country. We have to register every single Muslim to vote in 2016. The Muslim vote can be the swing vote in major states,  CAIR Executive Director Nihad Awad said at the Muslim American Society (MAS) and Islamic Circle of North America (ICNA) annual conference in Chicago, according to video posted earlier this month.Awad explained that CAIR   which is prohibited from engaging in political activity due to its registration as a tax-exempt organization   would not be the vehicle by which a candidate would be endorsed. He said another organization would be set up to promote the Muslim-friendly presidential candidate.Awad urged all Muslims to register to vote and to use Islamic centers as polling stations. Turn your centers, Islamic centers, mosques into registration centers for voters, into polling stations during the election time,  he said. Via: Frontpage Mag",0
21040,THE REAL TRUTH ABOUT WHY OBAMA Is Planting Muslim Refugees In Small Towns Across America,"This is the best explanation of why Obama and the Democrat party are fighting so hard to keep the US State Department s Refugee Resettlement program going strong.  Please share this with everyone who s been wondering why the Democrats are so eager to bring Muslim immigrants from countries who hate us, to America, while leaving Christian refugees from the same countries behind. To hell with terrorism, the Democrats want to win even if it s at the expense of our national security Looks like my old stomping grounds in Montana are heating up. People there are not taking Obama s plan to force refugees on them lying down. There was a protest in Missoula, Montana recently over that very issue. It is just one of many battles brewing out there in small town America.Small towns in the sparsely populated parts of America are the perfect place to relocate these refugees. Especially, if your agenda includes politically terraforming the country. The West is historically conservative in their politics. Many are Republicans and Libertarians. Even the Democrats hearken back to an earlier time when they were more conservative in nature. Obama and the Democrats can t have that. They need to have an entire country willing to submit to Marxist diktats. They need areas seeded with those who will vote Democrat and ensure that they stay in power no matter what.And it s not just voting demographics that are pushing this move either. I personally believe that there is a warped logic to all of this. That if Islam can be made the predominant religion in America, people will be more easily controlled. That s insane of course and won t work, but there you have it. Instead, Shariah law will be implemented and you will see the same atrocities occurring in Europe happen here. The big difference being, that at least for now, Americans are armed and will use those weapons to protect their neighbors, loved ones and country.Of the 237 Syrian refugees admitted to the U.S. since the attacks in Paris just one has been a Christian. The rest have been Muslims.CNS News reports that according to data from the State Department Refugee Processing Center, since the November 13 attacks the U.S. has admitted 236 Sunni Muslim refugees from Syria and a single Christian   a Greek Orthodox refugee.Bringing in the refugees also moves forward the Cloward and Piven strategy to overwhelm the system so it will collapse and cause chaos in the streets. These people want to tear the system apart, so they can replace it with something truly heinous. The Obama administration will never admit that this is the plan, but can you honestly look at what is going on today and tell me it isn t? Our borders are wide open. We are not vetting anyone to speak of and security here in the US is worse than before 9/11.Communities in states such as Idaho, Montana, North Dakota and Kansas are being infused with Muslim refugees even though they are not wanted by the residents or the local law enforcement. The feds and their leaders are not giving them a choice. Wyoming is the only state currently not participating in the program, but even the governor there wants to jump in it. Living in large cities would be too costly for the refugees and more can be accomplished with seeding them across the plains. In a small town, they can turn everything to their advantage in short order. Since many of our larger cities are already flooded with immigrants from south of the border and from Muslim nations, in many respects they have at least partially fallen to the ploy already. This is the fundamental transformation of America in play. South Carolina, Idaho, Minnesota, North Dakota and Michigan are vigorously fighting against this program and Obama s  change .The same entitlements, jobs, lodging and freebies will be given to these refugees in small town America. But that will mean taking more and more away from locals in these same communities. These immigrants bring crime and disease with them. As crime rises, people will leave which will hasten the take over of these towns. At least that is what Obama and his friends hope for. I pray that people dig in and decide to stay and fight if they can.We haven t learned a damned thing from watching what is going on over in Europe. How do you justify the rapefugees in Germany and Sweden, who treat rape as game for a large number of players at a given event? How can you ignore the violence, the murders, the depravity that is the Ummah? What s wrong with these people? Do money and power mean so much to them that they don t care that they are selling America out to a hellish nightmare movement? Imagine your wives, daughters, mothers, neighbors  little children  subjected to these beasts. What would you do?For entire story: Trevor Loudon ",0
21041,BERNIE SANDERS’ ECONOMIC POLICY Explained In One BRUTAL Meme,"This is the economic policy that s bringing throngs of college-age young adults to rally for Bernie Sanders.It s a sad but true commentary on the generation of  adults  who will be leading our nation in the years to come. Note to college students, this is what mature bill-paying adults call  B.S. economics. ",0
