id,title,text,label
16533,AMERICA FIRST! How Trump’s Silent Majority Is America’s Brexit,"THE BRITISH PEOPLE PUT BRITAIN FIRST, WILL AMERICANS PUT AMERICA FIRST? THE BROOKINGS INSTITUTION S POLL COULD GIVE US HOPE FOR A TRUMP WIN:  A majority   55 percent   of Americans believe that the American way of life needs to be protected against foreign influence,  says a wide-reaching poll conducted by Brookings Institution which revealed a greater urgency among some respondents.Three-fourths of Republicans and 83 percent of those who support presumptive nominee Donald Trump say this influence must be  curtailed.  In contrast, only four in 10 Democrats agree. The poll focused on public concern over immigration and cultural change, and how these worries shape the 2016 presidential election.  The survey revealed the presence of a new strain of protectionism,  an analysis noted.  Republicans, and particularly Trump supporters, strongly believe the American way of life needs to be protected from foreign influence on both the economic and cultural fronts.  The findings also broached some sensitive subjects, revealing that 57 percent of Americans overall agree  the values of Islam are at odds with American values and way of life.  There are some partisan divides: Among Republicans, the number was 79 percent, among Democrats 42 percent.  The public is also divided over whether so-called  reverse discrimination,  or discrimination against whites, is as big a problem as discrimination against blacks and other minorities: 49 percent agree and 49 percent disagree,  the analysis said.  There are huge partisan disparities on this question: 81 percent of Trump supporters and 72 percent of Republicans agree with this statement, compared to only 32 percent of Democrats. VIA: WT",0
16534,BRILLIANT! DANIEL HANNAN WARNS AMERICA: “Honor The Genius Of The Founding Fathers”[VIDEO],"A journalist and author, Daniel Hannan has been a British member of the European Parliament since 1999. He first came to wide notice in the United States when he made a speech on the floor of the European Parliament addressing the then-prime minister of Great Britain, Gordon Brown, about his disastrous economic policies. Hannan s latest book is A New Road to Serfdom: A Letter of Warning to America.Daniel Hannan warns that the United States is Europeanizing, with all the inherent dangers that come with the expansion of the welfare state.  This expansion doesn t just reduce economic growth, it tends to squeeze out personal morality.  Hannan, who connects the decline of the European family and society with the rise of cradle-to-grave welfare in Europe, has a special warning about the dangers of Obamacare  Once politicians assume responsibility for health care, they find that they have made an almost irreversible decision.  Hannan concludes that this drift to Europeanization is not inevitable if Americans honor the genius of the Founding Fathers. ",0
16535,REPUBLICANS BLOCK Pentagon’s Climate Scam Plan,"Everyone s calling BS on the warning that  climate change is a national security threat . The vote in the House came down against the DOD financing this bogus plan. Call us crazy but we don t believe you: It s actually crazy to me and it should be crazy to anyone in the military, that Congress is telling them not to do this,  Andrew Holland, the senior fellow for energy and climate at the American Security Project, said.House Republicans passed an amendment Thursday blocking the Department of Defense (DOD) from financing its climate change and national security plan. The amendment passed 216-205, with not a single Democrat voting in favor.DOD and other national security experts have warned that climate change is a national security threat, but Republicans who voted against funding the Pentagon s climate plan said it was a distraction from other threats.Experts say the DOD climate directive, which was released in January, would save the organization money in the long run and help the U.S. prepare for climate change.Via: ecowatch",0
16536,THE “OBAMA BOUNCE”: UKIP Leader Claims Obama’s Insulting Threat To UK Voters BACKFIRED…Actually Drove Voters To Support “Leave EU” Movement,"Barack Hussein Obama has been in over his head since he first stepped foot in the White House. Our Community Organizer In Chief just found out how unwelcome his Chicago style politics are in the UK   UK Independence Party (UKIP) leader Nigel Farage told Breitbart that the visit by President Obama, where he threatened to send Britain to the  back of the queue  if the public voted to leave the European Union (EU), backfired and caused a  Brexit Bounce , swaying Britons to vote for Brexit.Comparing the outcome to the American Independence Day, Mr. Farage said: You [Americans] have your Independence Day where in July you celebrate being your own country, governing yourself, having your own courts, controlling your own borders and that s what happened to us yesterday. We have broken away from a political union where our power was being overruled, our courts were being overruled, and we had a complete open border for anybody from southern and eastern Europe, so this is a major historic step. On the EU post-Brexit, he said: We ve not just changed British history. I m sure that the EU project itself will now come tumbling down. I would like to think and hope that right across the globe what we ve done is to prove that people power can beat the establishment. The European Union project has failed. It is dying before your very eyes. It is unwanted, it is unloved, and people across the country are saying what UKIP has been saying for years:  We want our country back, we want our democracy back, we want the closest possible relationship with our neighbours. We re happy to have a NAFTA kind of agreement with free trade, but we don t want political union . Asked of any lessons drawn from his own experiences that could be applied during the American presidential elections, Mr. Farage advised: Threatening people insults their intelligence. Don t threaten people repeatedly because if you do in the end they think you re crying wolf and they won t believe you. It s Project Fear, or in the end when Obama came it was Project Threat.Citing Mr. Obama s visit to the UK at the request of Prime Minister David Cameron:The lessons learnt from the Obama visit are fascinating. Here is the most powerful man in the world coming from a country that we have always had huge regard for. And people in Britain listening to Obama said:  how dare the American president come here and tell us what to do  and it backfired.And I think we got an Obama Brexit Bounce, because people do not want to be told how to think and how to vote.  BreitbartWatch here to see how citizens reacted to Obama s threat:https://youtu.be/w-DSGtfWgegRepublican lawmakers warned US President Barack Obama his controversial intervention into the British EU referendum debate threatens to harm the  special relationship. During a visit timed to coincide with Queen Elizabeth II s 90th birthday earlier this year, Obama warned that the United States would be in no hurry to agree a bilateral trade deal with a Britain outside the EU. I think it s fair to say that maybe at some point down the line there might be a UK-US trade agreement, but it s not going to happen any time soon because our focus is in negotiating with a big bloc, the European Union, to get a trade agreement done. And the UK is going to be at the back of the queue,  he said.Obama s comments caused furore among Leave campaigners, with UK Independence Party (UKIP) leader Nigel Farage accusing Obama of  talking Britain down. Former Defense Minister Liam Fox dismissed the president s intervention, calling his views  largely irrelevant,  as he will soon be leaving the White House. Via: RT",0
16537,RACIST OBAMA BASHES WHITEY As The “Old Boys Network”…”Give Women and Minorities A Chance” [Video],OH MY GOSH! Obama bashes the  old boys network  and says they need to give women and minorities a  chance to lead . What the heck is wrong with this president? He must really detest white male Americans! Unreal! ,0
16538,"FEDERAL AUDIT: YOU WON’T BELIEVE HOW OBAMA FAVORS CRIMINALS Over Our Military, Veterans And Seniors","What in the world is it with Obama and criminals? He releases them early and acts as if they were wrongly accused. Perhaps, in his eyes they were wrongly accused but he s not judge, jury and executioner. He s said he feels like African American males have been wronged in the criminal justice system when it comes to drug charges. In other words, they are the victims!  About one in every 35 African American men, one in every 88 Latino men is serving time   African Americans are more likely to be arrested.    ObamaA new federal audit just came out and it looks like Obama favors criminals over just about everyone in the military and our senior citizens too! President Obama has repeatedly demonstrated that there s an extra special place in his heart for incarcerated criminals, but this is a bit much. The administration spends a lot more money on the medical care of jailed convicts than retired seniors on Medicare, active U.S. military personnel or veterans, including an extra $100 million in one year alone, according to a federal audit released this month.The Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) consistently pays outside doctors and hospitals more to treat inmates than Medicare or other federal agencies would pay for the same services, according to the report which is the result of a Department of Justice (DOJ) Inspector General investigation.  We found that the BOP is the only federal agency that pays for medical care that is not covered under a statute or regulation under which the government sets the agency s reimbursement rates, usually at the Medicare rate,  the report states.  Instead, the BOP solicits and awards a comprehensive medical services contract for each BOP institution to obtain outside medical services. This means the BOP negotiates its own rates for medical services, which is outrageous and ends up costing American taxpayers tens of millions of dollars annually. Without the cost regulations that apply to all other federal agencies, the BOP pays a premium above applicable Medicare rates for medical care. In fiscal year 2014, for instance, the BOP spent at least $100 million more for medical care than it would have if it had paid Medicare rates. Other law enforcement agencies, including those within the DOJ like the U.S. Marshals Service and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), stay within the Medicare rates to provide outside medical services for individuals in their custody. So does the Department of Defense (DOD), the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and the Indian Health Service to treat members of the military and their dependents, veterans and Native Americans.In many cases the same medical providers that work for other federal agencies, charge the BOP a premium above the Medicare rate when treating inmates, the DOJ watchdog reveals. From fiscal year 2010 to 2014, BOP spending for outside medical services increased 24%, from $263 million to $327 million and the figure is only going to increase.  Medical spending constitutes a significant and increasing portion  of the BOP s budget, the IG found. Specifically, the agency spent $905 million of its $6.2 billion budget on inmate medical care in one year alone, according to the figures provided in the report. This includes salaried BOP medical staff, prescription drugs, medical supplies and outside providers. In all, the agency purchases outside medical care at inflated rates for more than 170,000 inmates nationwide at a cost of more than $300 million annually. The contracts have reimbursement rates at least 15% above the Medicare benchmark rate, the report says.Read more: Judicial Watch",0
16539,BREAKING: US SUPREME COURT RULES King Obama Overstepped Authority…Executive Amnesty For 5 MILLION ILLEGAL ALIENS/ Democrat Voters Not Going To Happen,"Don t let the door hit ya B..b..but who will beat up innocent Trump supporters? The assertion of presidential power was remarkable in scale. With the flick of a pen just before Thanksgiving in 2014, President Obama ordered that nearly five million illegal immigrants be allowed to  come out of the shadows  and work legally in the United States.Standing at the same lectern where he had announced the death of Osama bin Laden three years earlier, Mr. Obama insisted in a speech to the nation that his plan for immigrants was a fully legal response to a Republican-controlled Congress that had refused his plea for an overhaul of the nation s immigration laws.But on Thursday, the Supreme Court disagreed. In a 4-to-4 decision, the justices let stand a lower court ruling that Mr. Obama had overstepped his authority. The decision freezes the president s actions for the balance of his term, leaving the future of the program   and millions of undocumented workers   in limbo.Mr. Obama campaigned vowing to win passage of comprehensive immigration legislation in his first year in office, but the Supreme Court defeat will force him to finish his term without securing the major progress he had promised to millions of Latino immigrants living under the threat of deportation.Instead, one of the president s chief immigration legacies will be the years of increased enforcement he ordered at the border with Mexico and in immigrant communities, hoping it would lead to a compromise with Republicans. The aggressive actions of immigration agents and local law enforcement, especially during Mr. Obama s first term, angered many family members separated by raids and deportations.Mr. Obama did earn praise from Hispanics for taking action in 2012 to help the so-called Dreamers, young undocumented immigrants who had been brought to the United States as small children. Under the president s program, more than 730,000 of them received documents allowing them to work legally without constant fear that they might be sent home.Hillary Clinton, who embraced the president s executive action programs, has said she would expand them. The court s actions could complicate her ability to do that if she is elected president in the fall.But the successful legal assault on Mr. Obama s actions may also yield some political benefits for Mrs. Clinton and Democrats by helping to motivate and energize Hispanic voters who are angry with the court s decision. Activists have promised to punish Donald J. Trump and other Republicans who opposed the president s actions by registering more Hispanic voters and getting them to vote. Mr. Trump s rhetorical assault on immigrants, especially Mexicans, is also likely to help energize Hispanic activists on behalf of Mrs. Clinton and other Democratic candidates.The court s action comes after nearly eight years of largely futile attempts by the president to make good on his promise.Mr. Obama had resorted to executive actions in 2014 after years of fighting to get Congress to act. In 2013, the Senate passed a bipartisan immigration overhaul that the White House said the president could support. But House Republicans blocked any consideration of the legislation, accusing the Senate and Mr. Obama of supporting amnesty for the millions of illegal immigrants already in the United States.For most of his presidency, even Mr. Obama said he did not have the power to act unilaterally. He repeatedly told Hispanic activists that he could not use the  Dreamers  program as a model to expand similar protections to a much larger pool of illegal immigrants. If we start broadening that, then essentially I ll be ignoring the law in a way that I think would be very difficult to defend legally,  Mr. Obama told Jose Diaz-Balart in an interview in September 2013, after it was clear that House Republicans were blocking the Senate s immigration measure.  So that s not an option.    NYT",0
16540,BOOM! Rep Louie Gohmert (R-TX) Rips Into Obama’s Gun Grabbing Legislative Minions: “Radical ISLAM Killed These People!” [VIDEO],"Don t think for a minute this union-style Black Lives Matter/Occupy type  sit-in  wasn t orchestrated in our Oval Office by our Community Organizer in Chief. Obama is desperate to pass gun control legislation before he leaves office. The Democrats who are occupying our House floor are only acting as puppets for his radical agenda. As California Democrat Rep. Brad Sherman spoke Wednesday evening during an unprecedented  sit-in  on Capitol Hill to demand a vote on gun control, Rep. Louis Gohmert (R-TX) interrupted him, shouting:  Radical Islam killed these people!  Sherman, a moderate Democrat from the San Fernando Valley, had joined several dozen of his party colleagues in a protest against House Republicans  refusal to allow votes on several gun regulations   all of which had already failed in the Senate.Though the bills have no chance of becoming law, Democrats hope to win at least one of the votes, which would enable them to argue that by voting Democrat this November, Americans could help them retake the Senate and pass new gun restrictions.The protest was led by Rep. John Lewis (D-GA), who has long drawn on his history in the civil rights movement for partisan purposes, and who hinted last weekend during a Southern California visit that Democrats would  do something  big on guns.The protest was also timed to coincide with, and drown out, a speech in New York by presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. Trump responded to rival Hillary Clinton s attack earlier this week by criticizing Clinton for alleged corruption at the State Department and for her foreign policy record, while laying out his own alternative economic policies.Rep. Gohmert began heckling Rep. Sherman during his speech   which was broadcast via Periscope by another Californian, Rep. Scott Peters of San Diego, in violation of House rules. At roughly 4:24 in the video below, Gohmert points to a poster of the victims of the June 12 terrorist attack and insists that radical Islam killed them   not the lack of gun control regulations.Via: Breitbart News",0
16541,DEMOCRAT GUN GRABBER SIT-IN Rages On With A Damned Ironic Feast Behind The Scenes,"Democrats staging a sit-in on the floor of Congress won t go hungry   we spotted their food order on its way into the Capitol   and it s pretty damn ironic. A couple carts full of Chick-fil-A food were toted in by Congressional interns. We get it   protesters gotta eat, but consider this: The push for gun control legislation was prompted by Omar Mateen s heinous attack on a gay nightclub   and Chick-fil-A s ownership has a long history of opposing LGBTQ rights. To be fair, the company s undergoing an image makeover, and has contributed tons of food and money to relief efforts in Orlando. Still   odd choice. DC s a big city. Via: TMZWE THOUGHT A SIT IN WAS SUPPOSED TO JUST THAT A SIT IN! THIS LOOKS MORE LIKE A EAT IN OR FEAST IN! CHECK OUT ALL THE FOOD IN THE CLOAK ROOM:",0
16542,"STATE WORKERS Busted For Blatant EBT Fraud Worth $1,000,000","Seven Delaware state workers were indicted and arrested for the theft of one million dollars from the EBT Program. The way they did it is just blatant! There are so many reports every week of fraud in the EBT system that it s beyond past time for reform! This program is out of control!Attorney General Matt Denn announced today the arrests and indictments of seven former state of Delaware employees for theft of federal money. All seven were employed by the Department of Health and Social Services (DHSS), and were responsible for issuing Electronic Benefit Transfer (EBT) cards, and three previous arrests were also related to the same investigation.Two of the defendants were indicted and arrested last week, two others were indicted and remain at large, one was indicted and arrested previously and still faces charges, and two have already been convicted and sentenced.Based on internal audits conducted by DHSS s Audit and Recovery Management Services, investigators learned of fictitious and unauthorized EBT accounts created by Division of Social Services case workers responsible for case creation and maintenance, with each of the fraudulently created cases issued varying amounts of food benefits in the form of EBT cards. The investigation revealed that the fraudulent EBT cards were delivered to State Service Centers in New Castle and Kent County, and intercepted by the suspects working at those locations. Once intercepted, the cards were personally used or sold at a discount.These indictments are the result of a months-long joint effort of prosecutors and investigators from the Department of Justice s Criminal Division, Fraud Division and the Office of Civil Rights and Public Trust, along with the DHSS Audit and Recovery Management Services. The investigation eventually revealed more than $959,000 in total fraudulent benefits issued by several state workers. This case is part of an intensified focus our office is trying to bring to fraud being committed against the state s public benefit programs,  Attorney General Matt Denn said.  These arrests come as the result of an in-depth investigation, supported by many agencies. We appreciate the cooperation from the Office of the Inspector General and the Audit and Recovery Management Services. From the Department of Justice, I specifically want to thank Deputy Attorneys General Matt Frawley, Phillip Casale, Allison Reardon and Dennis Kelleher, along with Special Investigators Robert Irwin, Brittney Ketler, Frank Robinson, and John Ciritella. Indicted and arrested last week were:Detrich Simmons-Heath, 54, of Chestertown, Maryland   charged with Theft over $100,000, Forgery First Degree, Falsifying Business Records, and Official Misconduct. Released on $6,000 unsecured bond. Kamilah Laws, 39, of Wilmington   charged with Theft over $50,000, Forgery First Degree, Falsifying Business Records, and Official Misconduct. Released on $5,000 unsecured bond. Indicted last week and still at large are:Jo Ellen Edwards, 61, of Felton   charged with Theft over $100,000, Forgery First Degree, Falsifying Business Records, and Official Misconduct. Shirlene Davis, 29, of Newark   charged with Theft over $100,000, Forgery First Degree, Falsifying Business Records, and Official Misconduct. Previously indicted, charges pending:Nicole Stevens, 43, of Dover, was arrested in November 2015 on charges of Theft over $1,500, Official Misconduct, Forgery First Degree, Falsifying Business Records, and four counts of Unlawful Use of a Payment Card for stealing $8,092. Previously convicted and sentenced:Allison Rivera, 49, of Dover, pled guilty to Theft over $1,500, Unlawful Use of a Payment Card, and Falsifying Business Records, and was sentenced in April 2016 to two years of Level II probation, and ordered to pay restitution in the amount of $27,751.58. Angelette Brown, 45, of Camden, pled guilty to Theft over $1,500, Unlawful Use of a Payment Card, and Official Misconduct and was sentenced to April 2016 to two years of Level II probation, ordered to do 240 hours of community service, and forced to repay the $15,957 she took.Read more: FOX",0
16543,DISTURBING! EPA CHIEF’S INSULTING RANT Against “Climate Deniers” As “Not Normal” [Video],"The Obama administration wants you to feel bad if you don t believe in what they do. This group think is really disturbing! Please listen to this rant by Gina McCarthy and know that she s as loony as the rest of Obama s administration! Speaking at MC Greenfest, EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy insists that climate change is  happening now.  McCarthy:  You just need to get out of that telephone booth where other climate deniers hang out and open your eyes and see what s happening.   GET OUT OF THAT TELEPHONE BOOTH : ",0
16544,"REGISTERED MUSLIM VOTERS UP Over 324,000 Since Last Presidential Election…CAIR Applauds","Another item Obama can check off his bucket list More than a quarter million Muslims have become registered voters since the last presidential election, a Muslim group reported on Tuesday.In June there were 824,000 registered Muslim voters whose first, middle or last names matched a list of 43,538 traditionally Muslim names, according to the Council on American-Islamic Relations, which used a private national database of voter information. That number represents a significant bump from the 500,000 voters the group accounted for in 2012, using the same method.One reason for the surge, CAIR suggests, is  increased political involvement resulting from rhetorical attacks on that faith community by public figures.  While the press release does not mention GOP presumptive nominee Donald Trump by name, it does contain two links to articles about how the candidate is  attacking Muslims  and  fueling prejudice, hate incidents. CAIR government affairs director Robert McCaw applauded the Muslim community for its efforts to get out the vote, and slammed  hostile  proposals made by Trump over the course of his campaign, including a ban on Muslims entering the United States. As a community under the pressure of hostile political rhetoric calling for profiling of American Muslims, Muslim immigration bans and warrantless surveillance of mosques, we must utilize all the tools of positive civic engagement to preserve religious freedom and other constitutional rights,  said McCaw.Earlier in the month, CAIR launched a nonpartisan voter campaign, titled  Muslims Vote,  to encourage increased participation by American Muslims in the 2016 election cycle. The campaign looks for ways to get American Muslims involved in a number of activities, including volunteering, voter registration and hosting candidate forums. Via: Washington Examiner ",0
16545,BOOM! Dodgers Baseball Radio Legend Drops A Mid-Game Rant On Socialism [Video],"This is totally out of left field! Vin Scully goes off on the evils of socialism-epic! Vin Scully has strong feelings on socialism pic.twitter.com/7XEnF56EOy  Timothy Burke (@bubbaprog) June 18, 2016 ",0
16546,BREAKING: SOCIALIST BRAZIL Declares FINANCIAL DISASTER Less Than 2 Months Before Start Of Olympics,"Corruption and socialism go hand in hand Brazil is no exception!Here s the backstory on the corrupt Brazillian President and how she drained the coffers. It hasn t helped that the lower oil prices have devastated Brazil s economy:The impeachment of Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff is about more than cooking the books to hide election-year spending or looting the state-owned oil company for her campaigns and cronies. What s really on trial are Rousseff s socialist policies.Those policies drove up deficits to win votes, bet too heavily on exports to China and not only failed to retool the world s ninth-largest economy to compete in the world but drove it into a recession.Rousseff was first elected in 2010 on the coattails of her mentor Luiz In cio  Lula  da Silva   a leftist labor leader who exceeded expectations as president from 2003-2011. Da Silva benefited from the windfall of revenue from exports of oil, natural gas, minerals and agriculture goods   which convinced him that his bloated anti-poverty programs were sustainable.Unfortunately, both da Silva and Rousseff ignored the dire need to improve education, reform tangled tax codes, fix stifling labor laws, invest in infrastructure or make it easier to create or operate a business. Read more: NYPFAST FORWARD TO TODAY:RIO DE JANEIRO (AP)   The acting governor of Rio de Janeiro state has declared a state of financial disaster so he has more leeway to manage the state s scarce resources less than two months Brazil hosts the Olympic Games.Francisco Dornelles announced the decision on Friday. It will allow Rio s state government to change its budgetary priorities without disrespecting Brazil s fiscal laws.The move will let Dornelles adopt exceptional measures to pay costs related to the Games as the state grapples with the country s economic recession.The 2016 Summer Olympic Games will be held in Rio de Janeiro on Aug. 5-21.Dornelles  office said in a statement that the decision was made because a dip in revenues from taxes and oil royalties was  stopping the state of Rio de Janeiro from honoring its commitment to the organization of the Olympic and Paralympic Games. The financial crisis has brought several difficulties in essential public services and it could cause the total collapse of public security, health care, education, urban mobility and environmental management,  the statement said.Rio s state government is in such dire straits that two of its hospitals were taken over by the Rio de Janeiro city government to allow doctors to keep receiving their paychecks. Some police stations are so underfunded that they have asked neighbors to donate basic items like toilet paper. Public workers and retirees have suffered months-long delays in receiving their money.Read more: Yahoo News ",0
16547,MUSLIM INVASION OF AMERICA In Full Swing: Obama On Pace To Issue Over 1 Million Green Cards To Migrants From Muslim Majority Nations,"    (Welcome) to America We hope you enjoy our benefits. Please feel free to NOT assimilate  Coming soon: Press 1 for English, 2 for Spanish and 3 for Arabic The Obama Administration is on pace to issue more than a million green cards to migrants from majority-Muslim countries, according to an analysis of Department of Homeland Security data.A chart released by the Senate Subcommittee on Immigration and the National Interest Friday details the surge in immigration to the U.S. from majority-Muslim countries since President Barack Obama took office in 2009.Specifically, in the first six fiscal years of Obama s presidency (FY2009   FY2014), his administration issued 832,014 green cards to migrants majority-Muslim countries, the most of which were issued to migrants from Pakistan (102,000), Iraq (102,000), Bangladesh (90,000), Iran (85,000), Egypt (56,000), and Somalia (37,000).The total 832,014 new permanent residents do not include migrants on temporary, nonimmigrant visas   which allow foreign nationals to come to the U.S. temporarily for work, study, tourism and the like. As the subcommittee notes, the number also does not include those migrants who overstayed the terms of their visas.Regardless, as the subcommittee explained in its analysis, the U.S. is playing host to immigrants from majority Muslim countries at an increasing pace.Between FY 2013 and FY 2014, the number of green cards issued to migrants from Muslim-majority countries increased dramatically   from 117,423 in FY 2013, to 148,810 in FY 2014, a nearly 27 percent increase. Throughout the Obama Administration s tenure, the United States has issued green cards to an average of 138,669 migrants from Muslim-majority countries per year, meaning that it is nearly certain the United States will have issued green cards to at least 1.1 million migrants from Muslim-majority countries on the President s watch. It has also been reported that migration from Muslim-majority countries represents the fastest growing class of migrants.Green cards, or Lawful Permanent Residency, puts immigrants on the path to citizenship and allows for lifetime residency, federal benefits, and work authorization. Included in the totals are refugees, who are required to apply for a green card after one year of residency in the U.S. Unlike other types of immigrants, refugees are immediately eligible for welfare benefits including Temporary Assistance to Needy Families (TANF), food stamps, and Medicaid. Via: Breitbart News ",0
16548,GUN GRABBING PROGRESSIVES AND DUE PROCESS: Watch Trey Gowdy Grill Gov’t Thug On Due Process [Video],"We love this guy! Trey Gowdy gets it and gives a lesson to a DHS thug on due process! Yes! For progressives, the problem isn t Islam; it is the Constitution. Senator Joe Manchin (D-WV)   who was elected as a supposedly pro-gun moderate   is remarkably frank:Appearing on Morning Joe to discuss the gun control measures Democratic senators filibustered for 15 hours to advance, Senator Manchin said,  Due process is what s killing us right now. Due process is killing us. If only we lived in a dictatorship with no limit on government power, everything would be fine (never mind that the FBI dropped the ball on the Omar Mateen case). At least it would be fine for Joe Manchin.Manchin gibbered incoherently that Mateen was on a terrorist watch list. Not at the time of the massacre he wasn t. The FBI investigated him twice due to all the red flags he was waving, but he was effectively cleared.A gun shop warned the FBI about Mateen prior to Orlando. But the agency didn t listen (now it has no comment).But if we just sacrifice our most basic liberties, boobs like Manchin will somehow keep us safe.It isn t just the Second Amendment that our progressive rulers want to use Islamic terror attacks as a pretext to destroy. They aren t fond of the Fifth or Fourteenth either. Both have due process clauses. As even liberal Slate recognizes,If the government can revoke your right to access firearms simply because it has decided to place you on a secret, notoriously inaccurate list, it could presumably restrict your other rights in a similar manner. You could be forbidden from advocating for causes you believe in, or associating with like-minded activists; your right against intrusive, unreasonable searches could be suspended. And you would have no recourse: The government could simply declare that, as a name on a covert list, you are owed no due process at all.That is, you have no rights at all.Discarding the Constitution isn t enough for Vox editor Emmett Rensin; he wants to abolish private property in the name of disarming law-abiding citizens: This presents a catch-22 for leftists. If they need to confiscate all of our property in order to take our guns, how will they prevent us from using guns to defend our property?Let s send progressives back to 2015 so that Trey Gowdy can give them a lesson in due process.",0
16549,BREAKING: SAUDI DEPUTY CROWN PRINCE Secretly Rushed Into West Wing Of White House [Video],PLEASE NOTE: No press allowed inside or anywhere near the meeting today with the Saudi Deputy Crown Prince: ,0
16550,PAUL RYAN IGNORES EXECUTIVE ORDERS OBAMA… SAYS He’ll Sue Trump Over Muslim Ban,"Paul Ryan has had almost 8 years to lead the charge to impeach Obama for his unlawful, unconstitutional acts against America. Where was all of the tough talk from Ryan when Obama was shoving Obamacare down our throats? House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) has made clear he doesn t agree with a proposal put forward by Donald Trump   whom Ryan has endorsed   to ban Muslim immigration into the United States, but in an interview with the Huffington Post Thursday, Ryan floated taking a President Trump to court if he tried to implement such a ban or some of his other controversial proposals unilaterally. I would sue any president that exceeds his or her powers,  Ryan said in a back-and-forth about Trump s claims that he could implement a Muslim ban or build a Mexican border wall without congressional approval.REALLY Paul? Where have you been for the past year?Ryan said he wasn t sure of the  legal question  of whether Trump could institute a Muslim ban on his own as president. That s a legal question that there s a good debate about,  he said, citing the 1952 Immigration and Nationality Act. On the broader question, are we going to exert our Article I powers and reclaim this Article I power no matter who the president is? Absolutely,  Ryan said. He also said he discussed the limits of the executive power with Trump.In the interview, Ryan said his endorsement of real estate mogul did not give Trump  a blank check,  and that he was still trying to achieve  real unity  between the presumptive nominee and his caucus. I am going to keep being who I am, I am going to keep speaking out on things where I think it s needed, where our principles need to be defended, and I am going to keep doing that, I hope it s not necessary,  Ryan said.  But the last thing I want to see is a another Democrat in the White House  Via: Talking Points Memo",0
16551,FLORIDA GOVERNOR GOES OFF ON OBAMA: “The Second Amendment Didn’t Kill Any Of These Individuals…Radical Islam Killed Them” [VIDEO],"Florida Governor Rick Scott is not holding anything back. He is angry that Obama has made the Second Amendment the enemy while ignoring ISIS. We need a President who says my number one job right now is, on top of turning the economy around is to destroy ISIS. ",0
16552,"5-STAR MOOCH, HER TAXPAYER FUNDED MOM And Meryl Streep Travel To Africa To Discuss “Gender Inequality”","One of the countries Mooch and her taxpayer funded mom and daughters will be visiting was devastated by Ebola less than two years ago. I m sure the first thing on their minds (after wondering where their next meal will come from or if they ll live past the age of 15 years) is  gender inequality!  Way to waste hundreds of thousands of taxpayer dollars that could be spent to help unemployed Americans find jobs or to improve the health care for veterans. Actresses Meryl Streep and Frieda Pinto are set to join First Lady Michelle Obama and First Daughters Sasha and Malia Obama for a trip to Liberia and Morocco in late June to promote the White House s  Let Girls Learn  female education initiative. The First Family   who will also be joined by Obama s mother, Mrs. Marian Robinson   will visit Margibi County, Liberia, Marrakech, Morroco and Madrid, Spain from June 27 July 1, according to a White House press release.Pinto, 31, perhaps best known for her role in the Oscar-winning film Slumdog Millionaire, will join Michelle Obama at a school in Unification Town in Liberia on June 27 to meet with young girls to discuss the obstacles they face in attaining an education. Pinto will moderate the discussion, and the pair will be joined by Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf.Obama is also scheduled to visit a Peace Corps training facility in Kakata while in Liberia.The following day, Streep will join Obama and Pinto in Morocco for a discussion centered on girls  education moderated by CNN s Isha Sesay. On the final day of the trip, Obama will visit Madrid to deliver a speech highlighting the White House s Let Girls Learn initiative. The First Lady will also meet Queen Letizia while in Spain.According to a rough cost estimate of the trip conducted by the Daily Mail, the First Family s overseas visit could cost as much as $300,000 in taxpayer funds for airfare alone. The outlet reports that the First Lady s plane generally costs $11,684 per hour to operate; with roughly 25 hours of flight time scheduled, the airfare alone could come out to just under $300,000.The Mail notes that the First Lady s 2011 trip to Botswana and South Africa cost $424,142 in travel and plane crew fees.The three-country trip in late June could be Michelle Obama s final overseas trip as First Lady, as President Obama has just seven months left in office.Streep and Michelle Obama have teamed up to discuss gender equality before; in 2015, the pair gave a joint interview to More magazine in which the Oscar-winning actress said that women in America have not yet reached full equality with men.- BreitbartHas anyone else ever noticed how carefully Marian Robinson is covered up in all of the 5-star vacation photos that are taken by the mainstream media? It s almost as if they don t want the American taxpayer to see that we re footing the bill for her to accompany her greedy daughter and ungrateful grandchildren on their 5-star vacations.  Can you spot Granny above? ",0
16553,SYRIAN IMMIGRANT Who Said “9-11 Changed The World For Good”…Calls Syria Her “Homeland” Is Homeland Security Advisor,"Feeling safer? One of the sitting members on the Homeland Security Advisory Council s (HSAC) Subcommittee on Countering Violent Extremism is a 25-year-old immigrant of Syrian heritage who said that the 9/11 attacks  changed the world for good  and has consistently disparaged America, free speech and white people on social media.Laila Alawa was one of just 15 people tapped to serve on the newly-formed HSAC Subcommittee on Countering Violent Extremism in 2015   the same year she became an American citizen. Just last week, the subcommittee submitted a report to Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson, recommending that the DHS avoid using Muslim terminology like the words  sharia  and  jihad  when discussing terrorism.Alawa says she immigrated into the U.S. when she was ten years old. Her family had already left Syria by the time she was born.  But I will always be Syrian. I will always be from Syria. I will always be of Syria,  she wrote in November 2015, calling the country her  homeland. In 2014, Alawa commemorated the September 11 attacks by tweeting that  9/11 changed the world for good, and there s no other way to say it. Exactly a year later, she claimed that, after September 11,  Being American meant you were white. In April 2013, she responded to a tweet from activist Pamela Geller who called the Boston Marathon bombings  jihad  by tweeting:  go fuck yourself. On September 21   the day after Secretary of State John Kerry announced that the U.S. would accept 85,000 Syrian refugees in 2016 and 100,000 more in 2017   Alawa mocked the  Salty white tears all over my newsfeed. In the Countering Violent Extremism report published last week, Alawa and her fellow subcommittee members recommended that the Department of Homeland Security  adapt to the changing nature of violent extremism itself  by devoting more attention to  anarchists, sovereign citizens, white-supremacists, and others. The report also recommended that, in order to combat violent extremism, the DHS  Focus on gender diversity of youth through careful attention to the range of push and pull factors that attract individuals of differing gender. As originally reported by The Daily Caller, the subcommittee Alawa serves on instructed the DHS to begin  using American English instead of religious, legal and cultural terms like  jihad,   sharia,   takfir  or  umma  when discussing terrorism in order to avoid offending Muslims.Two months before Secretary Johnson created the Subcommittee on Combatting Violent Extremism, Alawa tweeted:  THE US HAS NEVER BEEN A UTOPIA UNLESS YOU WERE A STRAIGHT WHITE MALE THAT OWNED LAND. straight up period go home shut up. Via: Daily Caller ",0
16554,BREAKING: PUTIN TIRED OF WAITING FOR Obama’s DOJ To Release Hillary’s Highly Classified Emails…Set To Release Them In Near Future,"This is not the first time Putin has warned the US to hurry up with its release of Hillary s emails. Biden better get the emergency campaign team ready. If Putin releases the unedited, corrupt version of Hillary s highly classified emails, Crooked Hillary will not likely be able to overcome the damage that will be done to what s left of her reputation. Reliable intelligence sources in the West have indicated that warnings had been received that the Russian Government could in the near future release the text of email messages intercepted from U.S. Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton s private e-mail server from the time she was U.S. Secretary of State. The release would, the messaging indicated, prove that Secretary Clinton had, in fact, laid open U.S. secrets to foreign interception by putting highly-classified Government reports onto a private server in violation of U.S. law, and that, as suspected, the server had been targeted and hacked by foreign intelligence services.The reports indicated that the decision as to whether to reveal the intercepts would be made by Russian Federation President Vladimir Putin, and it was possible that the release would, if made, be through a third party, such as Wikileaks. The apparent message from Moscow, through the intelligence community, seemed to indicate frustration with the pace of the official U.S. Department of Justice investigation into the so-called server scandal, which seemed to offer prima facie evidence that U.S. law had been violated by Mrs Clinton s decision to use a private server through which to conduct official and often highly-secret communications during her time as Secretary of State. U.S.Sources indicated that the extensive Deptartment of Justice probe was more focused on the possibility that the private server was used to protect messaging in which Secretary Clinton allegedly discussed quid pro quo transactions with private donors to the Clinton Foundation in exchange for influence on U.S. policy.The Russian possession of the intercepts, however, was designed also to show that, apart from violating U.S. law in the fundamental handling of classified documents (which Sec. Clinton had alleged was no worse than the mishandling of a few documents by CIA Director David Petraeus or Clinton s National Security Advisor Sandy Berger), the traffic included highly-classified materials which had their classification headers stripped. Russian (and other) sources had indicated frustration with the pace of the Justice Dept. probe, and its avoidance of the national security aspects of intelligence handling. This meant that the topic would be suppressed by the U.S. Barack Obama Administration so that it would not be a factor in the current U.S. Presidential election campaign, in which President Obama had endorsed Mrs Clinton. via: Oilprice.com",0
16555,NOT KIDDING! HILLARY’S State Department Blocked Investigation Into Muslim Terrorist’s Florida Mosque Because “It Unfairly Targeted Muslims”,"Nothing to see here. Hillary was likely just fulfilling a promise to a foreign Muslim donor. It wasn t the first time she gave a  stand down  order and if the Democrat party can help it, it won t be the last Hillary Clinton s State Dept. shut down an investigation into the mosque Orlando killer Omar Mir Siddique Mateen attended because it  unfairly singled out Muslims. The Fort Pierce Islamic Center, where Mateen worshipped several times a week, was under investigation by both the FBI and DHS as early as 2011 for ties to a worldwide Islamic movement known as Tablighi Jamaal which was linked to several terrorist organizations.But the investigation was shut down under pressure from the Clinton-ran State Dept. and DHS s Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Office out of fear of offending Muslims, according to recently retired DHS agent Philip Haney. The FBI had opened cases twice on him, and yet they found no evidence to charge him; it means they didn t go through the same basic, analytical process that I went through over a three- or four-hour period in which I was able to link the mosque to my previous cases,  he told WND on Sunday.In other words, the FBI had limited options at stopping Mateen because it was ordered to back off its investigation into his mosque.Both Clinton and the Obama administration have a history of enabling Islamic terrorism.In 2012, Clinton s State Dept. was backing al-Qaeda in Iraq, which morphed into ISIS, and other Islamic extremist groups as a proxy army to topple Syrian President Bashir al-Assad. The Salafist [sic], the Muslim Brotherhood and AQI [al-Qaeda in Iraq] are the major forces driving the insurgency in Syria,  a leaked memo between her State Dept. and the Pentagon stated.  The West, Gulf countries, and Turkey support [this] opposition, while Russia, China and Iran  support the [Assad] regime. The FBI had opened cases twice on him, and yet they found no evidence to charge him; it means they didn t go through the same basic, analytical process that I went through over a three- or four-hour period in which I was able to link the mosque to my previous cases,  he told WND on Sunday. This secret document confirms that Clinton s State Dept.   and the Obama administration in general   were directly responsible for the rise of ISIS, which is now targeting the West. The former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, confirmed the document s importance.  I don t know that [the Obama administration] turned a blind eye [to ISIS], I think it was a decision; I think it was a willful decision,  he said.Clinton even admitted some responsibility. The United States had   to be fair   we had helped create the problem we re now fighting,  she said in an interview with Fox anchor Greta Van Susteren.  When the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan, we had this brilliant idea we were going to come to Pakistan and create a force on Mujahideen, equip them with Stinger missiles and everything else to go after the Soviets inside Afghanistan. For entire story: InfoWars",0
16556,WHOA! Did Donald Trump Just Imply Obama Is Working On Behalf Of Muslim Terrorists? [VIDEO],And if Trump did indeed imply Obama was working on behalf of Muslim terrorists do you believe he s correct?,0
16557,BREAKING: FL MUSLIM TERRORIST Worked For Security Company Who Quietly Transports And RELEASES Van Loads Of ILLEGAL ALIENS Away From Border For U.S. Government,"As a side note, the illegal aliens who are being dropped off across America in vans are OTM s or Other Than Mexicans. Can the mainstream media PLEASE start doing their job and exposing this corrupt administration? In a surprising discovery, the Palm Beach Post first reported that according to state records, Orlando shooter Omar Mateen   who as we reported earlier was licensed as a security guard and also holds a firearms license   was employed by the US subsidiary of G4S plc, a British multinational security services company, whose US-headquarters are located in Jupiter, Fla, and which also happens to be the world s largest security company by revenue.Shortly thereafter, G4S confirmed that Omar Mateen has worked for the company since 2007. This is the statement released from G4S: We are shocked and saddened by the tragic event that occurred at the Orlando nightclub. We can confirm that Omar Mateen had been employed with G4S since September 10, 2007. We are cooperating fully with all law enforcement authorities, including the FBI, as they conduct their investigation. Our thoughts and prayers are with all of the friends, families and people affected by this unspeakable tragedy.  In other words, Mateen who according to preliminary reports, had been on a terrorist watchlist, and who still managed to obtain weapons thanks to his various licenses and permits just last week, was employed by one of the world s largest security companies, where he may have had extensive clearances well above his pay grade, not to mention access to sophisticated military weapons and equipment.But where it gets more disturbing is that as Judicial Watch reported several days ago, in a post titled,  DHS Quietly Moving, Releasing Vanloads Of Illegal Aliens Away From Border , border patrol sources said that the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) was quietly transporting illegal immigrants from the Mexican border to Phoenix and releasing them without proper processing or issuing court appearance documents. As a reminder, the government classifies them as Other Than Mexican (OTM) and this week around 35 were transferred 116 miles north from Tucson to a Phoenix bus station where they went their separate way. Judicial Watch was present when one of the white vans carrying a group of OTMs arrived at the Phoenix Greyhound station on Buckeye Road.And this is where the Mateen-G4S link emerges: as JW reported previously, a security company contracted by the U.S. government is driving the OTMs from the Border Patrol s Tucson Sector where they were in custody to Phoenix, sources said. The firm is the abovementioned G4S, the world s leading security solutions group with operations in more than 100 countries and 610,000 employees. G4S has more than 50,000 employees in the U.S. and its domestic headquarters is in Jupiter, Florida.Judicial Watch noted that it had filed a number of public records requests to get more information involving the arrangement between G4S and the government, specifically the transport of illegal immigrants from the Mexican border to other parts of the country. The photo below shows the uniformed G4S guard that transported the OTMs this week from Tucson to Phoenix.Outraged Border Patrol agents and supervisors on the front lines say illegal immigrants are being released in droves because there s no room to keep them in detention.  They re telling us to put them on a bus and let them go,  said one law enforcement official in Arizona.  Just move those bodies across the country.  Officially, DHS denies this is occurring and in fact earlier this year U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner R. Gil Kerlikowske blasted Border Patrol union officials for denouncing this dangerous catch-and-release policy. Kerlikowske s scolding came in response to the congressional testimony of Bandon Judd, chief of the National Border Patrol Council, the labor union that represents line agents. Judd told lawmakers on the House Judiciary Committee that illegal immigrants without serious criminal convictions can be released immediately and disappear into the shadows. Kerlikowske shot back, telling a separate congressional committee:  I would not stand by if the Border Patrol was   releasing people without going through all of the formalities.Meanwhile, the Hill reported that Mateen s employment, and gun licenses, were untouched even though the FBI confirmed it had interviewed the 29-year-old three times before the shooting took place early Sunday morning. An official said that the FBI first became aware of the suspect, Omar Mateen, 29, in 2013 when he made  inflammatory comments to coworkers alleging possible terrorist ties. In the course of that investigation, Mateen was interviewed twice, but the FBI was unable to verify the substance of his comments. Via: Zero HedgeShares in G4S have fallen heavily after the UK security services company said Omar Mateen, who killed 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida, was an employee.G4S said Mateen was an armed security officer and that it was trying to establish whether weapons used in the attack on the Pulse gay nightclub were related to his work. The company supplies its armed employees with guns in the US and does not allow them to use their own.G4S shares dropped by as much as 7.5% and were the biggest fallers among leading UK shares. The company employs 620,000 people in more than 110 countries and the US is one of its biggest markets.Jasper Lawler, an analyst at CMC Markets, a City spread betting firm, said it did not look good for G4S to have employed Mateen while he was being investigated by the FBI. G4S has more than 50,000 employees in the US, a large proportion of which are involved in government contracts. If the name of G4S starts getting dragged through the mud, US contracts may become harder to come by.  Via: Guardian",0
16558,FLORIDA REJECTED Anti-Terror Bill Ahead Of Attack In Orlando,"Oh no! Florida killed a counter-terrorism bill right before the Orlando attack.Florida lawmakers rejected a key piece of counterterrorism legislation earlier this year, prompting outrage from some defense experts who told the Washington Free Beacon that the victims of Sunday s mass terror attack in Orlando could have used the measure to hold those who plotted the assault accountable.On the heels of Sunday s shooting, in which an attacker who pledged allegiance to the ISIS terror group killed 49 bystanders, marking the deadliest terror attack on U.S. soil since 9/11, some are criticizing Florida s legislature for rejecting a counter-terrorism bill that would have paved the way for victims of these crimes to sue the organizers and sponsors in state court.The legislation, known as Andy s Law, has already passed in at least five states but was rejected earlier this year by Florida s legislature despite gaining bipartisan support from state lawmakers.Florida Republican House Speaker Steve Crisafulli killed the counter-terror the bill by preventing it from coming to a full vote in the State House.The legislation could have empowered victims of Sunday s attack to seek unprecedented recourse in state court by allowing them to file suit against the attackers and anyone identified as supporting the plot. Any suit would have fallen under statutes governed by state RICO laws.The law would have boosted criminal penalties for terrorism and the support of terrorism. It also provides state-level legal recourse for terror victims who have experienced trouble pursuing their cases on a federal level.While the Florida version of Andy s Law overwhelmingly passed out of several committees in the state legislature, it failed to see final passage. Unfortunately, because Andy s Law failed to pass in the Florida House of Representatives, victims of the Orlando Jihadist massacre, as well as their surviving family members, have been denied a powerful tool for seeking retribution against those individuals and organizations who may have supported or inspired Omar Mateen,  the alleged perpetrator of Sunday s attack, said Christopher Holton, vice president for outreach at the Center for Security Policy.Sunday s attack is just the latest terror assault to take place in the Sunshine state.Read more: WFB",0
16559,AMERICAN WORKERS IGNORE GAG ORDER: Speak Out On Being Replaced By Foreign Workers,"The H1-B Visa program is being used and abused by American companies like Disney and Abbott Labs in Illinois. Disney was in the spotlight recently for an ex-employee s tearful testimony before Congress about being replaced by a foreign worker only after being forced to train the new employee. Talk about adding insult to injury! More and more displaced employees are speaking out and shining a light on the practice of bringing in foreign workers at cheaper prices in place of Americans. The argument many corporations make is that there s a shortage of people in the particular field they re hiring foreign workers for. This is a fallacy and is NOT TRUE! LIBERTYVILLE, Ill.   American corporations are under new scrutiny from federal lawmakers after well-publicized episodes in which the companies laid off American workers and gave the jobs to foreigners on temporary visas.But while corporate executives have been outspoken in defending their labor practices before Congress and the public, the American workers who lost jobs to global outsourcing companies have been largely silent.Until recently. Now some of the workers who were displaced are starting to speak out, despite severance agreements prohibiting them from criticizing their former employers.Marco Pe a was among about 150 technology workers who were laid off in April by Abbott Laboratories, a global health care conglomerate with headquarters here. They handed in their badges and computer passwords, and turned over their work to a company based in India. But Mr. Pe a, who had worked at Abbott for 12 years, said he had decided not to sign the agreement that was given to all departing employees, which included a nondisparagement clause.Mr. Pe a said his choice cost him at least $10,000 in severance pay. But on an April evening after he walked out of Abbott s tree-lined campus here for the last time, he spent a few hours in a local bar at a gathering organized by technology worker advocates, speaking his mind about a job he had loved and lost. I just didn t feel right about signing,  Mr. Pe a said.  The clauses were pretty blanket. I felt like they were eroding my rights. Leading members of Congress from both major parties have questioned the nondisparagement agreements, which are commonly used by corporations but can prohibit ousted workers from raising complaints about what they see as a misuse of temporary visas. Lawmakers, including Richard Durbin of Illinois, the second-highest-ranking Senate Democrat, and Jeff Sessions of Alabama, the Republican chairman of the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration, have proposed revisions to visa laws to include measures allowing former employees to contest their layoffs. I have heard from workers who are fearful of retaliation,  said Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut.  They are told they can say whatever they want, except they can t say anything negative about being fired. Lawyers said the paragraph Mr. Pe a and other workers object to in their separation agreements is routine in final contracts with employees who are paid severance as they leave, whether they were laid off or resigned voluntarily. It s a very, very common practice,  said Sheena R. Hamilton, an employment lawyer at Dowd Bennett in St. Louis who represents companies in workplace cases.  I ve never recommended a settlement that didn t have a clause like that.  Read more: NYT",0
16560,BENGHAZI COMMITTEE Finally Interviews Drone Operator Working The Night Of Benghazi Attack,"The House Benghazi committee has interviewed two drone sensor operators who were working on the night of the deadly 2012 attacks in Libya, including one who identified himself on talk radio as  John from Iowa. The unidentified drone operator has earned derision from the Pentagon and committee Democrats, who say the GOP-led panel has made a series of costly, duplicative and unnecessary requests   including some based on claims made on Facebook or talk radio.The drone operator, an Air Force sergeant, told a radio host in 2013 he was surprised that no one from Congress had contacted him.The panel s chairman, Republican congressman Trey Gowdy, says that  talking to enlisted service members with first-hand information is just as important as talking to the generals and admirals who command them. The Daily Caller:In a statement announcing the subpoena for Hedger, Gowdy also suggested that the former Democratic congressional aide and others at the Defense Department may have tried to shield the drone operator s identity. This Pentagon political appointee claimed in an official letter to the committee the Department of Defense could not find a requested witness, despite expending  significant resources  searching for him,  Gowdy said. This witness is still on active duty and confirmed Thursday the Air Force knew exactly who he was   a drone sensor operator who was operating over Benghazi on the night of the attacks,  he added. Mr. Hedger will now have the opportunity to detail exactly what  resources  he  expended  and how. I look forward to him explaining the serious questions that have arisen with respect to this matter, including whether they are related to incompetence or deliberate concealment of the witness from a congressional inquiry. Committee Democrats immediately circled the wagons around the Defense Department and Hedger, who has worked for Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill and New York Rep. Steve Israel, both ardent supporters of Hillary Clinton. This latest abuse of authority by House Republicans is ridiculous and a desperate distraction from a failed investigation,  Maryland Rep. Elijah Cummings, the ranking Democrat, said in a statement.Read more: Daily CallerVia: WT",0
16561,DEMOCRATS FUMING Over Vote To Keep “Hurtful” Word In Library Of Congress,"The left wants to change  hurtful  words to whatever they deem to be ok but they got some push back with the order to keep the word  illegal alien  in the Library of Congress In a victory against political correctness, the House voted to order the Library of Congress to continue referring to  illegal aliens  rather than change the designation to  noncitizen. The party line vote had Democrats fuming, claiming the term was  pejorative  and that liberal doublespeak can never be repealed once it s in use.Well that s not exactly what one Democrat said. Texas Democrat Rep. Joaquin Castro told the House,  The words  illegal alien  will be retired. This will change, whether it s now or six months from now or 10 years from now. For the first time in history, conservatives hijacked a legislative appropriations bill to stop the Library of Congress from abandoning the term  illegal alien  from how it catalogs the 162 million-item collection it manages. Texas Congressman Joaquin Castro attempted to make an amendment to the legislation allowing the Library of Congress to make the change, but it failed to gain traction in the Republican-dominated House. Each year, the Library of Congress makes thousands of changes to its subject headings; in 2015 alone, it added 4,934 new subject headings. Never before has Congress weighed in on the Library of Congress  subject headings in any way, let alone legislated on the issue,  Castro said in a statement.Via: PJ Media",0
16562,HYPOCRITE BILLY CRYSTAL INJECTS JAB At Trump In Eulogy To Ali That’s Curiously Similar To A Clinton Speech,"The bashing of Donald Trump is getting so old and tiresome. People with common sense know the truth and know what the left is trying to do. It s the same old playbook of demonizing what you don t like repeatedly. The problem is that Americans are finally wising up to this Alinsky strategy. You d think the liberals are all coordinating their talking points .hummm  Billy Crystal bashed Trump during his eulogy of Ali in a line similar to Clinton s speech on Tuesday: life is best when you build bridges between people, not walls. Do you think for one minute that Trump would have gotten where he is if he d not reached out to people and built bridges literally and figuratively? The reason Trump wants to build a literal wall with Mexico is that,  without borders, we don t have a country . We can certainly reach out to others but Trump knows open borders DO NOT WORK! Just take a look at Europe and the EU! What a mess! Trump has said he wants LEGAL IMMIGRATION and doesn t want ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION! He s protecting the people of America and that s putting America first!The problem with Billy Crystal s swipe at Trump is that he isn t practicing what he preaches. Anyone who knows Los Angeles knows that the homes have gates and walls. Well, Billy Crystal has walls and a fence surrounding his home people in glass houses!It was easy to get photos above of the fence and wall around Billy Crystal s home but we can t just walk onto his property uninvited. Isn t that the same as people walking over our border illegally?Comedian Billy Crystal gave an emotional tribute during Muhammad Ali s funeral on Friday, but may have sneaked in a low-key dig at Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. Crystal, a friend of The Champ s for more than 40 years, said at the end of his eulogy for the boxer in the KFC Yum! Center in Louisville, Kentucky that Ali  taught us that life is best when you build bridges between people, not walls.  That line Crystal said sounds similar to what Hillary Clinton said during her victory speech on Tuesday.  We believe that cooperation is better than conflict, unity is better than division, empowerment is better than resentment, and bridges are better than walls,  the Democratic presidential candidate front-runner said. Read more: Daily Mail",0
16563,SOCIALISM SUCKS! STARVING VENEZUELANS Steal Chickens Off Of Stopped Truck [Video],We recently reported on Venezuelans taking trash bags and eating the contents   the end result of socialism isn t pretty. Here s a stopped truck being robbed of farm chickens: ,0
16564,CLINTON COVERUP: WHY WAS MAJOR CLINTON CRONY Put On Sensitive Intelligence Board? [Video],"Thank goodness for organizations like citizens United who found out what was going on with a Clinton donor getting a position on a Security Intelligence Board with ZERO experience. Please note the video below and how the reporter was to be arrested for asking a question of the Clinton crony. Newly released State Department emails help reveal how a major Clinton Foundation donor was placed on a sensitive government intelligence advisory board even though he had no obvious experience in the field, a decision that appeared to baffle the department s professional staff.The emails further reveal how, after inquiries from ABC News, the Clinton staff sought to  protect the name  of the Secretary,  stall  the ABC News reporter and ultimately accept the resignation of the donor just two days later.Copies of dozens of internal emails were provided to ABC News by the conservative political group Citizens United, which obtained them under the Freedom of Information Act after more the two years of litigation with the government.A prolific fundraiser for Democratic candidates and contributor to the Clinton Foundation, who later traveled with Bill Clinton on a trip to Africa, Rajiv K. Fernando s only known qualification for a seat on the International Security Advisory Board (ISAB) was his technological know-how. The Chicago securities trader, who specialized in electronic investing, sat alongside an august collection of nuclear scientists, former cabinet secretaries and members of Congress to advise Hillary Clinton on the use of tactical nuclear weapons and on other crucial arms control issues. Read more: Live Leak ",0
16565,AWESOME! PRO-TRUMP LATINO Tells Horrors Of Socialism And Why Trump’s His Candidate [Video],THE SOCIALIST PRESIDENT WAS THIS GUY S TEACHER! Great encounter with someone who has experienced socialism   great stuff! ,0
16566,DETROIT FREE PRESS EDITOR Calls For Gruesome Murder Of MI GOP Lawmakers,"Read anything Stephen Henderson has written over the past year and you will be hard pressed to find a single piece where he is not crying about some injustice either he or his fellow black man has suffered. Anyone who reads his whiny drivel for more than a couple of months will likely need some sort of therapy to keep them from wanting to jump off the nearest ledge on a tall building. Henderson is a perfect example of the wussification of the male in the United States. We ve met and spoken with him before. Henderson is not embarrassed to say he s a hardened liberal. He blames it on his U of D Catholic High School education. He claims they  pumped liberalism and social justice through his veins.  As a Catholic, I find this type of rhetoric gut-wrenching, irresponsible and the furthest thing from the type of love and compassion for my neighbor I learned as a young Catholic. If representatives of working citizens who live in the suburbs of Detroit, refuse to burden them with hundreds of millions of tax dollars to bail out the failed Detroit Public Schools (yet again), Stephen Henderson says they should be murdered.Stephen Henderson, the Pulitzer prize-winning editorial page editor of the Detroit Free Press has called for the murder of Michigan lawmakers with whom he disagrees.The reason? The lawmakers voted for legislation that would give parents more choices to avoid Michigan s failing public schools. Detroit s public schools are failing academically and nearly insolvent, the New York Times wrote in January. The Detroit News wrote in March that  the statewide opinion of K-12 education is downright ugly.  That poll showed residents didn t think throwing money at public-union-controlled schools was the answer, with 63 percent saying it takes more than money to improve education.Yesterday Michigan s Republican legislators voted to bail out Detroit s abysmally run schools with $617 million in taxpayer funding. The same bill also fought efforts to constrain charter school choices in Detroit. Prior to the vote, Stephen Henderson wrote on his editorial page:We really ought to round up the lawmakers who took money to protect and perpetuate the failing charter-school experiment in Detroit, sew them into burlap sacks with rabid animals, and toss them into the Straits of Mackinac.That s harsh. Maybe.But isn t that what the Romans or Greeks or some other early practitioners of democracy used to do with solicitous and unprincipled public officials?And this legislation that passed the state House of Representatives Thursday night, the one that bows to the thoroughly debunked theory that a free-for-all, market-based approach to public schooling will produce quality choices for Detroit parents?It is garbage.It is bought-and-paid-for work product from a legislative body whose leader, the maladroit thinker Kevin Cotter, has sold his caucus  political soul to the high-bidding DeVos family and other charter advocates and told himself it s about belief, not money.In the most crass terms, the House of Representatives is telling parents in Detroit that the best we deserve is what we have now. Public schools that have been underfunded and torn asunder by depopulation and corruption. Charters opening and closing willy-nilly, many to profit off the traditioal public schools  misery, but offering alternatives in name only to the public schools they claim to outperform. The bragging that charter advocates do about the sliver of daylight between the outcomes of charters and traditional public schools would be roll-on-the-floor funny if it weren t so condescending, and it it didn t heartily embrace the idea of calcified inequality.It is every bit deserving of an old-school retributive response.A sack. An animal. A lake.No lover of actual democracy could weep at that outcome.Stephen Henderson s tweeted his Detroit Free Press article and added this disgusting commentary:GOP House harlots deserve worse than hanging for selling out #detroit kids on #DPS bills. https://t.co/zbPajL81qq  Stephen Henderson (@SHendersonFreep) June 3, 2016 ",0
16567,NORWEGIAN GOVERNMENT RETURNS 5 Children To Family After Removing Them From Home For “Christian Radicalism And Indoctrination”,"How does one reconcile this insane interference by the government over how a legal Norwegian family practices their Christian faith, while opening their borders to radicalized Muslim male  refugees ? A Christian family has been reunited with their children after losing an appeal in Norway in Dec, 2015, to have their children returned, after the government forcibly removed five children from their home. The public is reacting with outrage.Marius Bodnariu, a Romanian, and his Norwegian wife Ruth, former members of the Pentecostal Church in Bucharest, moved to Naustdal, Norway 10 years ago, where they raised five children. As reported by Marius  brother Daniel, on November 16, Norway s child welfare services took away the Bodnarius  two oldest children, showing up at their school and removing them from class without their parents  knowledge. Police later that day arrived at the Bodnarius  home and also forcibly removed the two older boys, leaving Ruth with her three-month-old baby, who was taken away the following day by police as well.Two days later, child welfare services notified the parents that their children were in the care of two separate foster families and were  integrating  well. One of the officials reportedy said to Ruth,  The kids don t even miss you. What kind of parents are you?  Marius and Ruth were later informed by the government that they were guilty of  Christian radicalism and indoctrination. Apparently, the children s removal was instigated by the school principal, who complained to child welfare services that the Bodnarius were  very Christian  and their belief that God punishes sin  creates a disability in the children.  Accordingly, the principal believed the parents needed  guidance  from the government in raising their family. The principal also cited concerns over discipline in the family home, as occasional corporal punishment is used. But after physical examination of the children (the three-month-old was subjected to x-rays and a CT scan), no physical abuse was discovered. Child welfare services is claiming, however, that Marius is physically abusive, while he and Ruth are vehemently denying the claims.A hearing held November 27 dismissed the Bodnarius  appeal to be reunited with their children. The court ruled instead that they were to remain in the care of their foster parents, while Marius and Ruth could visit their three-month-old son twice a week for two hours. They could see their two older sons as well, but the court refused to grant them visitation rights for their daughters. The parents are considering further legal action.Meanwhile, a petition begun in support of the family has collected nearly 30,000 signatures, and a Facebook page has been set up documenting the family s ordeal.On December 2, Romanian senator Titus Corlatean spoke on the Bodnarius  behalf to the Commission for equality and nondiscrimination of the Parliamentary Assembly of the European Council (PAEC) in Paris. Corlatean condemned what he deemed abusive conduct on the part of the Norwegian government, and asked that the Assembly investigate. He also noted prior actions on the part of Norway s child welfare services that involved splitting children from their parents based on groundless accusations.Marius  brother writes:I testify, and vehemently vouch, for Marius and Ruth having given birth to and raised a  normal  family with Christian values. These parents love their children and have taken every imaginable step in raising their children with loving caring in all aspects of their well-being. The tearing apart of their family by the Barnevernet [child welfare services] is a living nightmare for Marius and Ruth. Their hope is founded, and rests, in God; He can change any situation and He is always in control! Via: Church Militant",0
16568,JUDICIAL BIAS? LATINA SUPREME COURT JUSTICE Declares Her Shockingly Racist View On Ethnicity And Sex When Judging," I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life    Supreme Court Justice SotomayorAs the main stream media does a hit job on Donald Trump for expressing his view that the presiding judge in the Trump University case is biased against him because of Trump s views on immigration, we have a RACIST Latina Supreme Court Justice who s openly declaring that the ethnicity and sex of a judge makes a difference in their judging! So which is it?  The left wants to have it both ways but they re being outed as total hypocrites! Unreal! Judge Sotomayor questioned whether achieving impartiality  is possible in all, or even, in most, cases.  She added,  And I wonder whether by ignoring our differences as women or men of color we do a disservice both to the law and society. AND THEY RE CALLING TRUMP A RACIST?WASHINGTON   In 2001, Sonia Sotomayor, an appeals court judge, gave a speech declaring that the ethnicity and sex of a judge  may and will make a difference in our judging. In her speech, Judge Sotomayor questioned the famous notion   often invoked by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and her retired Supreme Court colleague, Sandra Day O Connor   that a wise old man and a wise old woman would reach the same conclusion when deciding cases. I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life,  said Judge Sotomayor, who is now considered to be near the top of President Obama s list of potential Supreme Court nominees.Her remarks, at the annual Judge Mario G. Olmos Law and Cultural Diversity Lecture at the University of California, Berkeley, were not the only instance in which she has publicly described her view of judging in terms that could provoke sharp questioning in a confirmation hearing.This month, for example, a video surfaced of Judge Sotomayor asserting in 2005 that a  court of appeals is where policy is made.  She then immediately adds:  And I know   I know this is on tape, and I should never say that because we don t make law. I know. O.K. I know. I m not promoting it. I m not advocating it. I m   you know. The video was of a panel discussion for law students interested in becoming clerks, and she was explaining the different experiences gained when working at district courts and appeals courts. Her remarks caught the eye of conservative bloggers who accused her of being a  judicial activist,  although Jonathan H. Adler, a professor at Case Western Reserve University law school, argued that critics were reading far too much into those remarks.Republicans have signaled that they intend to put the eventual nominee under a microscope, and they say they were put on guard by Mr. Obama s statement that judges should have  empathy,  a word they suggest could be code for injecting liberal ideology into the law.Judge Sotomayor has given several speeches about the importance of diversity. But her 2001 remarks at Berkeley, which were published by the Berkeley La Raza Law Journal, went further, asserting that judges  identities will affect legal outcomes. Whether born from experience or inherent physiological or cultural differences,  she said, for jurists who are women and nonwhite,  our gender and national origins may and will make a difference in our judging. Her remarks came in the context of reflecting her own life experiences as a Hispanic female judge and on how the increasing diversity on the federal bench  will have an effect on the development of the law and on judging. In making her argument, Judge Sotomayor sounded many cautionary notes. She said there was no uniform perspective that all women or members of a minority group have, and emphasized that she was not talking about any individual case.She also noted that the Supreme Court was uniformly white and male when it delivered historic rulings against racial and sexual discrimination. And she said she tried to question her own  opinions, sympathies and prejudices,  and aspired to impartiality.Still, Judge Sotomayor questioned whether achieving impartiality  is possible in all, or even, in most, cases.  She added,  And I wonder whether by ignoring our differences as women or men of color we do a disservice both to the law and society. Read more: NYT ",0
16569,OBAMA CONDEMNS TRUMP…Says U.S. Is “Blessed With Muslim Communities”,"New York City begs to differ Of course, this is just another way of Obama saying,  Screw Trump and screw America, we re building Muslim communities in your hometowns and communities with or without your permission. In an official statement on the eve of Ramadan, an Islamic holy month, Barack Obama said the United States would continue to welcome Muslim refugees despite  voices that seek to divide us. I stand firmly with Muslim American communities in rejection of the voices that seek to divide us or limit our religious freedoms or civil rights,  he said in the statement.  I stand committed to safeguarding the civil rights of all Americans no matter their religion or appearance. Obama s speech regarding Ramadan, the monthlong holiday observed by Muslims through fasting during daylight hours, did not mention Donald Trump by name, but clearly seemed to be directed towards the Republican nominee. Here in the United States, we are blessed with Muslim communities as diverse as our nation itself. There are those whose heritage can be traced back to the very beginning of our nation, as well as those who have only just arrived,  he said. Via: Townhall ",0
16570,CROOKED HILLARY GETS LUCKY: Obama’s State Dept. Blocks Release Of Hillary’s E-mails Until After Election,"BIRDS OF A FEATHER FLOCK TOGETHER-Dirty politics follows Obama and Clinton so here s yet another example of these two scumbags doing underhanded deals and lying their way through every situation:  Obama s State Department is blocking correspondence from Hillary Clinton and her top State Department aides about a controversial 12-nation trade deal will not be available for public review   at least not until after the election. The Obama administration abruptly stopped the release of Clinton s State Department correspondence about the so-called Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), after first saying it expected to produce the emails this spring.The decision came in response to International Business Times  open records request for correspondence between Clinton s State Department office and the United States Trade Representative. The request, which was submitted in July 2015, specifically asked for all such correspondence that made reference to the TPP.The State Department originally said it estimated the request would be completed by April 2016. Last week the agency said it had completed the search process for the correspondence but also said it was delaying the completion of the request until late November 2016   weeks after the presidential election. The delay was issued in the same week the Obama administration filed a court motion to try to kill a lawsuit aimed at forcing the federal government to more quickly comply with open records requests for Clinton-era State Department documents.Clinton s shifting positions on the TPP have been a source of controversy during the campaign: She repeatedly promoted the deal as secretary of state but then in 2015 said,  I did not work on TPP,  even though some leaked State Department cables show that her agency was involved in diplomatic discussions about the pact. Under pressure from her Democratic primary opponent, Bernie Sanders, Clinton announced in October that she now opposes the deal   and has disputed that she ever fully backed it in the first place.While some TPP-related emails have been released by the State Department as part of other open records requests, IBT s request was designed to provide a comprehensive view of how involved Clinton and her top aides were in shaping the trade agreement, and whether her agency had a hand in crafting any particular provisions in the pact. Unions, environmental organizations and consumer groups say the agreement will help corporations undermine domestic labor, conservation and other public interest laws.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
16571,TOWN VOTES To Change Columbus Day Name Because Of “Slavery” And “Genocide”,"I ll bet you re thinking this is a joke, right? Can you believe these idiotic liberals? so happy I don t live in the towns in Massachusetts that changed Columbus Day to Indigenous Peoples  Day. Just frickin  ridiculous!  Northampton became the second city in Western Mass to change the name of Columbus Day to Indigenous Peoples  Day.A unanimous vote tonight sides with the residents who believe the change should be made based on the slavery and genocide that Christopher Columbus brought to native peoples in the Americas. Northampton is also looking into better educating children about the Native American s sacrifice to the city it is today. The school committee is also going to pick this up and probably pass a resolution of its own so that we have the commitment of educators in Northampton to actually really teach this material and get children to understand that our city is built on the foundation of these Native American peoples,  said Ward 7 City Councilor Alisa Klein. In May, Amherst became the first community in the state to make the Columbus Day name change. KMOV.com Via: kmov",0
16572,WHOA! EBT CARD DENIED So Woman Goes On A Rampage In Store [Video],This viral video shows a woman ransacking a store after her EBT card had been declined. We re all for help if you need it but food stamp cards are being given out like candy. The BIG question is why it took so long for the people in the store to push her out! Geez! ,0
16573,A MUST WATCH: The Islamization Of Our Schools [Video],"A short excerpt from CAN s upcoming documentary  Exposed: The Islamization of Our Schools .This documentary-in-progress uncovers the ongoing, accelerating indoctrination of U.S. students to Islam, using U.S. taxpayer money. ",0
16574,HEY BERNIE SANDERS! There’s No Such Thing As Equality…Ever!,"Bernie Sanders likes to talk about how everyone will be equal using other people s money. It s the most asinine concept and it s not like it hasn t been tried before. We love Larry Elder s personal take on equality and the common sense reasons there will NEVER be total equality especially INCOME EQUALITY:Is there a more brain-dead concept than to empower the government to fight  income inequality ? What sane, normal, rational human being thinks that human talent, drive, interests and opportunity can   or should   result in equal outcomes?Despite my love of athletics, I knew in third grade that my friend, Keith, could run much faster than I could. For two years I played Little League ball, and I got better at it. But no matter how hard I tried or how many hours I spent, I could not hit, run or throw as well as my friend Benji.Later in life, I started playing tennis, and I became quite passionate about it. But most of the people I played against had started playing years earlier, and most had taken lessons for years. I got better, but given my competitors  head start, the gap remained.Financial planners advise clients to start early and stick to some sort of game plan. Is there any wonder that those who do so will have more net worth than those who started later, or who lacked the discipline to follow and stick to a plan? How is government supposed to address these  unequal  outcomes?Most entrepreneurs experience failure before hitting on an idea, concept or business that makes money. Even then, it takes 20 to 30 years of long hours and sacrifice, along with occasional self-doubt and a dollop of luck, to become a multimillionaire.I recently saw a movie starring Cate Blanchett. She is a very good actress, but she is also strikingly beautiful. Is there any doubt that her good looks, over which she had no control, are a factor in her success? Is it unfair that an equally talented actress, but with plain looks, will likely have an  unequal  career compared with that of Blanchett?Speaking of acting, most who venture into that field do not become successful, if success is defined as making a living as an actor. These overwhelming odds still do not deter the many young people who flock to Hollywood every year to  make it. Had a would-be actor dedicated that same drive and personality to some other profession, success would have been more likely, if less enjoyable. Should the government intervene and take from the successful non-actor and give to those who unsuccessfully pursued a long-shot acting career? An ex-actor told me of her recent lunch with a friend she had met when they both left college and pursued acting. While the ex-actor moved on to a different, successful career, her friend stuck to acting, through thick and thin. The actor informed her friend that she recently turned down a commercial. Why? What struggling actor turns down this kind of work? Turns out, through some sort of  assistance  program, said the friend, the state of California is  assisting with her mortgage.  She has no obligation to repay the money, and she will continue to receive the assistance as long as her income is not above a certain level. How does this strengthen the economy? The ex-actor, through her taxes, subsidizes the lifestyle of the actor, who admits turning down work lest she be denied the benefits.But this is exactly the world sought by Bernie Sanders   a government that taxes the productive and gives to the less productive in order to reduce  income inequality. In the real world, two individuals, living next door to each other, make different choices about education, careers, spouses, where to live, and if and how to invest. Even if they make exactly the same income, one might live below his or her means, prudently saving money, while the other might choose to regularly buy new cars and fancy clothes and go on expensive vacations. Is there any question that the first person will end up with a higher net worth than the latter? Is their  inequality  something that government should address?Although Beyonce is a good singer, is there any question that there are others with superior voices? But Beyonce is also blessed with  unequally  good looks, charisma and perhaps better management   maybe better than the other two ladies in her musical trio, Destiny s Child, whom she once sang with. Three singers, in the same group, have had  unequal  outcomes.Communism, collectivism and socialism rest on the same premise   that government possesses the kindness, aptitude, judgment and ability to take from some and give to others to achieve  equality.  Karl Marx wrote,  From each according to his ability, to each according to his needs.  And that s the problem. The statement implicitly acknowledges that some have more aptitude, drive, energy and ability than others. To take from some and give to others reduces the initiative of both the giver and the givee.This is the fundamental flaw with income redistribution, the very foundation of communism, socialism and collectivism. One would think that Bernie Sanders would have figured this out by now. But wisdom among 74-years-olds, like outcome, is not distributed equally.Larry Elder is a best-selling author and radio talk-show host. To find out more about Larry Elder, or become an  Elderado,  visit www.LarryElder.com. Follow Larry on Twitter @larryelder.Via: Black Community News",0
16575,BORDER PATROL AGENTS RAT OUT DHS: Government Secretly Puts Illegal Aliens On Busses…Dumps Them Off Into Unsuspecting Communities Across America,"It s really a pretty simple scheme. Obama is placing Democrat voters (illegal aliens who are given housing, education, food, health care and ultimately citizenship in exchange for their votes) in unsuspecting communities across the USA. Our safety and the safety of our nation is really of no consequence to a man and his family who will be surrounded by secret service for the rest of his life. There seems to be a particular focus on populating red states with illegal aliens and refugees in hopes that can give their party the boost it needs to put those states in play when the elections roll around Part of the supposed mission of DHS is to transport individuals apprehended in the country illegally from our soil to their own. They might stop and spend some time on our soil behind bars, but the general direction of travel and the paperwork is, in theory, towards their home country. That was before the enemies of America took over our country, Hussein Obama in the White House and Jihadi Jeh Johnson at the Department of Homeland Security. Now everything is backwards. There often is no paperwork to track the individuals or direct their travel, just a white van, loaded with illegal aliens pointed north, towards the interior of the United States and a Phoenix bus station. We all remember the uproar over the DHS buses with mirrored windows that were the subject of protests last year. Now DHS is using stealth to bypass the angered American people and it s working.According to a report by Judicial Watch, Homeland  Security  is still secretly transporting illegal aliens into the interior of the United States, those same  shadows  that they will later disingenuously claim to be wanting desperately to rescue them from. They ll be the families that can t be broken up and can t be transported together back to where they belong. They re the immovable squatters who are dictating what will and won t be done to them through the corrupt government that is using them as pawns to advance their agenda.The good people who make up the rank and file members of the CBP and ICE aren t happy about what they are being forced to do and the destructive impact it s having on our nation. Judicial Watch wrote:The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) is quietly transporting illegal immigrants from the Mexican border to Phoenix and releasing them without proper processing or issuing court appearance documents, Border Patrol sources tell Judicial Watch. The government classifies them as Other Than Mexican (OTM) and this week around 35 were transferred 116 miles north from Tucson to a Phoenix bus station where they went their separate way. Judicial Watch was present when one of the white vans carrying a group of OTMs arrived at the Phoenix Greyhound station on Buckeye Road.This report, part of an ongoing Judicial Watch investigation into the security risks along the southern border, features only a snippet of a much broader crisis in which illegal aliens are being released and vanishing into unsuspecting American communities. The Senate Subcommittee on Immigration and the National Interest addressed this issue just a few weeks ago in a hearing called Declining Deportations and Increasing Criminal Alien Releases   The Lawless Immigration Policies of the Obama Administration. Judd, the Border Patrol Union chief, delivered alarming figures at the hearing. He estimated that about 80% of apprehended illegal immigrants are released into the United States. This includes unaccompanied minors who are escorted to their final destination, family units and those who claim to have a credible fear of persecution in their native country. Single males that aren t actually seen crossing into the U.S. by Border Patrol agents are released if they claim to have been in the country since 2014, Judd added.The OTMs are from Honduras, Colombia, El Salvador and Guatemala and Border Patrol officials say this week s batch was in custody for a couple of days and ordered to call family members in the U.S. so they could purchase a bus ticket for their upcoming trip from Phoenix. Authorities didn t bother checking the identity of the U.S. relatives or if they re in the country legally, according to a Border Patrol official directly involved in the matter. American taxpayers pick up the fare for those who claim to have a  credible fear,  Border Patrol sources told JW. None of the OTMs were issued official court appearance documents, but were told to  promise  they d show up for a hearing when notified, said federal agents with firsthand knowledge of the operation.A security company contracted by the U.S. government is driving the OTMs from the Border Patrol s Tucson Sector where they were in custody to Phoenix, sources said. The firm is called G4S and claims to be the world s leading security solutions group with operations in more than 100 countries and 610,000 employees. G4S has more than 50,000 employees in the U.S. and its domestic headquarters is in Jupiter, Florida.Outraged Border Patrol agents and supervisors on the front lines say illegal immigrants are being released in droves because there s no room to keep them in detention.  They re telling us to put them on a bus and let them go,  said one law enforcement official in Arizona.  Just move those bodies across the country.  Officially, DHS denies this is occurring. Of course DHS denies it s happening. They are violating their oaths, the public trust and the United States Constitution; it s not likely they ll confess. But there is no doubt it is, and that it is they and not the rank and file members who are lying.The real question that needs to be asked is why it is happening. Why has an agency that is responsible for border enforcement evolved into a mechanism for facilitating border violations or was this its intended function from its subversive beginning?Via: Rick Wells ",0
16576,NATIONAL SALARY? This Crazy Country Ready To Vote For “Free Money” For Everyone,"Swiss voters are deciding whether they want to have a  national salary  for everyone. Everyone gets a paycheck no matter what! Of course, the economists are horrified by this:The argument doesn t sway many economists, who say the fear of poverty is largely what motivates a workforce. If you pay people to do nothing, they will do nothing Voters in Switzerland have been asked to decide whether to provide the entire population with a basic, unconditional income   an unprecedented idea. The issue is a contentious one calling into question the value of work.Polls opened on Sunday in which Swiss voters were being asked whether an  unconditional basic income  should be provided for every man, woman and child.The ballot doesn t give a figure but economists project a minimum of 2,500 Swiss francs ($2,560, 2,225 euros) per month is needed to make ends meet in the expensive Alpine country. Children would need about a quarter of that amount.The question was placed on the ballot after the necessary 100,000 petition signatures were gathered to force the issue.Opponents to the initiative warn a mass payout would explode public spending and the Swiss government advised voters cast their vote against the measure.But proponents insist the time has come for a minimum monthly wage as sweeping technological changes and advances in automation continue to displace manual workers. Our parents, grandparents and beyond worked hard so that we could produce more by working less, with machines and so forth,  Ralph Kundig, president of the Swiss chapter of the Basic Income Earth Network said.  The only thing that they did not foresee was that this wealth would only benefit the owners of the means of production. Revolutionary or wacky?That argument doesn t sway many economists, who say the fear of poverty is largely what motivates a workforce. If you pay people to do nothing, they will do nothing,  Charles Wyplosz, economics professor at the Geneva Graduate Institute, told the AFP news agency.Not so, argues Kundig, who says some pilot projects indicate most people wouldn t sit idle even if they could, and that entrepreneurship could be boosted if people weren t so afraid of the financial risk. Basic income is much more of a stimulant to employment and the economic activity of a country,  he said.Observers are watching with interest to see how the vote will go. International Labor Organization Director General Guy Ryder said he expected interest in the issue to swell, as technological advances make more and more jobs obsolete, and a growing number of people remain in the ranks of the working poor. We are going to have to find ways of distributing national income which are not directly related to the work that we do,  Ryder said.At this point it s all theoretical and it will be up to Swiss voters to decide.So who would pay for it?Different models have been posited, including fees on salaries of people who earn more than the minimum, savings from welfare programs that would be discontinued and taxes or spending cuts in the state budget. Via: Live Leak",0
16577,COMMIE CALIFORNIA BILL Would Allow Prosecution Of Climate Scam Dissent,"How can you be prosecuted for something that isn t true? The climate scam folks in California are planning on strong-arming Americans into complying with climate change thought. This is fruit-loops!A landmark bill allowing for the prosecution of climate change dissent effectively died Thursday after the California Senate failed to take it up before the deadline.Senate Bill 1161, or the California Climate Science Truth and Accountability Act of 2016, would have authorized prosecutors to sue fossil fuel companies, think tanks and others that have  deceived or misled the public on the risks of climate change. The measure, which cleared two Senate committees, provided a four-year window in the statute of limitations on violations of the state s Unfair Competition Law, allowing legal action to be brought until Jan. 1 on charges of climate change  fraud  extending back indefinitely. This bill explicitly authorizes district attorneys and the Attorney General to pursue UCL claims alleging that a business or organization has directly or indirectly engaged in unfair competition with respect to scientific evidence regarding the existence, extent, or current or future impacts of anthropogenic induced climate change,  said the state Senate Rules Committee s floor analysis of the bill.Read more: WT ",0
16578,SHAKEDOWN! FEDS USE MAFIA TACTICS To Force Banks To Lend And Donate To Liberal Groups,"Our corrupt federal government under the DOJ is forcing the banks to lend to risky consumers and hen force them to give to liberal groups. Extortion is illegal but not when it s the federal government. Pretty sick, huh?Bank of America has been able to reduce a multi-billion dollar mortgage fraud penalty imposed by the Justice Department by giving millions of dollars to liberal groups approved by the Obama administration.The bank has wiped about $194 million off its record $16.6 billion 2014 mortgage settlement by donating to nonprofits and legal groups. Thanks to little-known provisions in the settlement, the bank only had to make $84 million in donations to do that.For every dollar the bank has given the nonprofits   none of which were victims of fraud themselves   it has claimed at least two dollars off the settlement.Among the groups receiving the money were Hispanic civil rights group the National Council of La Raza ($1.5 million), the National Urban League ($1.1 million) and the Neighborhood Assistance Corporation of America ($750,000). This is nothing short of a shakedown and another example of how the Obama administration is rigging the system to benefit their political allies,  said Rep. Sean Duffy, R-Wis., chairman of the Financial Services Committee s Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee.THIS IS HOW IT S DONE:What a racket. First the Democrats pressure banks into making bad loans. Then when the loans collapse, they accuse the banks of fraud. Then as part of the punishment the banks are incentivized to make payoffs to Democrat allies.But it s all legal because the government says it is. Government is the biggest legitimized organized criminal racket on the planet. And the only reason they expend so much efort to prosecute the mafia, is not to protect  we the people  but because the government won t tolerate any competition.However, none of that is as shameful as the fact that  we the people  tolerate this crap.Via: blur brain",0
16579,ASTONISHING CORRUPTION: More Videos Edited By State Department [Video],Wow! Stunning admission by the State Department spokesperson that editing happened more than once by the State Department: ,0
16580,CORRUPT STATE DEPARTMENT Deletes Key Info From Press Conference…Who Demanded This?,This is seriously concerning! James Rosen calls out the effort to censor his question and the answer regarding Iran at a press conference. ,0
16581,FEDS SPEND BIG BUCKS On Minority-Only Obesity And Smoking Prevention,"The Obama administration has spent over $166 million federal dollars on the childhood obesity program started by Michelle Obama. What s curious about this is the breakdown in numbers and why only minorities. The Obama administration has been dolling out millions to minority only groups to prevent obesity and another program called  Padres  to prevent smoking. Some of the projects funded through the USDA are simply outrageous and reek of fraud and waste: The  Latino Fathers Promoting Healthy Youth Behavior  project is getting $998,484 so that academics at the University of Minnesota, Minneapolis can conduct an eight-week study that addresses  paternal parenting practices related to the food and physical activity environment in the home. Don t forget that this is YOUR money being thrown around!The Obama administration just allocated another $10.8 million to tackle childhood obesity among minorities, including about $1 million to a project called  Latino Fathers Promoting Healthy Youth Behavior  that aims to prevent obesity among Latino youth in a  culturally and linguistically-appropriate prevention program.  It s part of a federal initiative called Childhood Obesity Challenge Area that has doled out north of $166 million since the president and his wife launched it in 2011.The cash flows through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and funds all sorts of outrageous projects like the disastrous  healthy  public-school lunches that have resulted in massive waste and caused uproar among students and parents. First Lady Michelle Obama made it her mission to tackle this particular cause because child and adolescent obesity has tripled in the past 30 years, according to information released by the USDA s special Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI) Childhood Obesity Prevention Challenge Area.  Low income children and adolescents are more likely to be obese than their higher income counterparts, but the relationship is not consistent across race and ethnicity groups,  the agency states.To deal with this epidemic the administration has dedicated a lot of taxpayer money, more than $166 million, according to USDA figures. This latest chunk is going to six universities that will find innovative ways to eradicate childhood obesity among this demographic. The  Latino Fathers Promoting Healthy Youth Behavior  project is getting $998,484 so that academics at the University of Minnesota, Minneapolis can conduct an eight-week study that addresses  paternal parenting practices related to the food and physical activity environment in the home.  Researchers claim that participation will  increase father involvement in positive parenting practices to address youth energy balance-related behaviors.  It appears that they convinced Uncle Sam to fund their project by claiming that few evidence-based interventions have specifically targeted Latino fathers of youth regarding parenting practices that impact youth behaviors. It will be modeled after another government-funded program called  Padres  designed to prevent tobacco and substance abuse among Latino youth by engaging families in culturally and linguistically-appropriate training.Read more: Judicial Watch",0
16582,SYRIAN REFUGEES Spreading Catastrophic Outbreak Of FLESH EATING DISEASE To Host Nations…Disease Is Difficult To Detect In Refugees Coming To U.S.,"How many times have the press and the Left admonished Trump for saying we need to do a better job of vetting the refugees coming into America? Call me  racist,  but the threat of polio, measles, TB and this horrific flesh eating disease all seem like pretty good reasons to re-evaluated our open borders to Muslim refugees position The Syrian refugee crisis has precipitated a  catastrophic outbreak  of a flesh-eating disease that is spreading across the Middle East and North Africa, according to research published on Thursday in the scientific journal PLOS. Largely missing from news media coverage is that the same news-making scientific report warned the ongoing violence in Syria has  created a setting in which we have seen the re-emergence of polio and measles, as well as tuberculosis, hepatitis A, and other infections in Syria and among displaced Syrian refugees. Indeed, in 2013 the World Health Organization documented new cases of vaccine-preventable diseases such as measles, reporting that year alone the number of confirmed measles cases in Syria reached 139, as compared to no documented cases in 2010 and 2011.The WHO reported that 2013 saw Syria s first outbreak of polio since 1999. According to an April 2015 WHO report, 35 children were subsequently paralysed by polio before the start of a new vaccine campaign.In November, 2014 PLOS documented the spread of measles from among the Syrian refugee population.Regarding the flesh-eating disease, leishmaniasis, PLOP warned in its latest report,  We may be witnessing an epidemic of historic and unprecedented proportions, but it has largely been hidden due to lack of specific information. The PLOP journal reported leishmaniasis is now affecting hundreds of thousands of refugees and has spread to Iraq, Lebanon, Jordan, Libya and Yemen. In Yemen alone, 10,000 new cases have been reported annually, the journal reported. Additionally, the number of cases of CL (cutaneous leishmaniasis) has most likely been severely underreported  due in part to constraints on collecting data from violence-torn regions, PLOP warned. Few countries have mandated reporting of CL and the resultant weak reporting system promotes a lack of disease awareness and public policies for treatment and prevention,  the report added. Due to the violence, Syrians have been forced to flee from their homes and seek refuge across the Middle East, North Africa, and, more recently, Europe,  the journal documented.Volcano-like ulcersLeishmaniasis, meanwhile, is a disease caused by protozoan parasites. It is spread almost entirely by sandflies, including those present in the U.S.There are three main types of the disease: cutaneous, mucocutaneous, and visceral leishmaniasis.Cutaneous is the most common form among Syrians. It manifests in skin sores that typically develop within a few weeks or months from a sand fly bite. The sores can initially appear as bumps or nodules and may evolve into volcano-like ulcers.Mucocutaneous leishmaniasis causes skin ulcers like the cutaneous form, as well as mucosal ulcers that usually damage the nose and mouth.Visceral leishmaniasis, which has also been found among Syrian refugees, is the most serious form and can be fatal. It damages internal organs, usually the spleen and liver, and also affects bone marrow.Threat to U.S.?Refugees who enter the U.S. must undergo medical screening according to protocols established by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC. Each refugee must submit to a physical examination, including a skin test and possibly a chest x-ray to check for tuberculosis,as well as a blood test for syphilis.The blood tests do not currently look for leishmaniasis. Clearly, an attending doctor could easily spot a patient with obvious skin ulcers. However, leishmaniasis cannot be detected upon physical examination if the patient is asymptomatic, as can be the case for years.In December, Dr. Heather Burke, an epidemiologist from the CDC s Immigrant, Refugee, and Migrant Health Branch, explained to Breitbart Jerusalem that there is generally a window of three to six months from the initial physical examination until a refugee departs for the U.S.She said a medical examination is valid for six months, and explained that patients undergo a second examination just prior to departure   a quicker  fitness to fly  screening. While she conceded that this final examination is not thorough, she said it would pick up any visible skin lesions. Burke told Breitbart Jerusalem that she is not aware of a single case of leishmaniasis entering the U.S. via Syrian refugees.Dr. Jane Orient, executive director of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons, warned that  most doctors in the U.S. know nothing about leishmaniasis. We d all need to refer patients to tropical diseases specialists,  she told Breitbart Jerusalem in December.  The treatments are toxic and expensive, and some are not widely available. For Orient, the only sensible public health policy is  for all refugees to pass through a quarantined place like Ellis Island. Officials need to know where they ve been and what diseases occur there. We need sophisticated, reliable screening methods and excellent vector control in any areas where refugees stay. For entire story: Breitbart News",0
16583,IT’S COME TO THIS: SWEDISH FAMILY KICKED OUT Of Home To Make Way For “Refugee” Invaders,"It s come to this legal citizens are being pushed aside for the  refugee  invaders. Sweden began to import refugees decades ago and now has a reputation for being a failed experiment in multiculturalism. Yes, Sweden is now the rape capital of the world. Say goodbye to Sweden A local family in the Swedish city of Liding  has been ordered by the government to leave their home so that it can be given to migrants arriving from a foreign country.Father of two teenage boys Uffe Rustan received a voicemail from his local municipality telling him he would need to vacate the property by August in order to make way for asylum seekers from the Middle East.  I was evicted from my home over the phone. When I asked for the reason, he said that people come from other countries. He left the news and basically just said have a nice weekend,  Rustan told a newspaper.Rustan lives with his teenage sons Rasmus (15) and Linus (17), all of whom were born in Liding . He rents the home from the city and has been living in it for less than a year.  It feels like I m worthless, even though I pay taxes and my kids go to school here. You cannot put a family on the streets for another family,  said Rustan.  Just when it starts to feel like home, we are evicted.  Rustan said that the news was  depressing  and wondered why native Swedes were being treated worse than migrants arriving in the country for the first time. Despite suffering from a housing shortage, Sweden is handing over property to economic migrants, with some politicians even encouraging citizens to give up their garages to asylum seekers. Sweden is not the only European government that is turfing its own citizens out of social housing to accommodate the influx of Muslim migrants. While migrants are in some cases enjoying all the comforts of good quality hotels, low income Germans are being ordered to leave their homes. As the Telegraph reported, Germans are beginning to receive notices of eviction to make way for asylum seekers.Read more: InfoWars",0
16584,NOT KIDDING! OBAMA Agrees To Turkey’s Demands…U.S. Troops Ordered To Wear Mark Of Islam On Right Arm,"This report is so outrageous that we could hardly believe it was true. Sadly, this is a true story. The idea that our troops would be told to wear an insignia that is pleasing to Islam is beyond the pale.Erdogan wants only the insignias that are pleasing to Islam to be placed on the right arm of all fighters. He has even dictated that American special forces are to wear on their arms Islamic symbols that resemble the mark of the beast we ve been speaking about for decades.Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said that he wants them to wear (get this) the mark of Islam from ISIS or Al-Nusra or Boko Haram: We advise them (US troops) to wear badges of Daesh (ISIS) or (Al-Qaeda affiliate) Al-Nusra when they go to other parts of Syria and badges of Boko Haram when they go to Africa,  Cavusoglu said with angry sarcasm as reported by Al-Arabiya with AFP and the Associated Press. What we are reporting here is confirmed.Erdogan of Turkey was upset that U.S. troops wore the YPG emblem and he got his way. In compliance, U.S. military commanders have ordered special operations troops in Syria to replace uniform patches which they were disguised with bearing the insignia of a controversial Kurdish rebel group known as the YPG.It is amazing that the U.S. quickly complied to Turkey s demands.  Wearing those YPG patches was unauthorized, and it was inappropriate and corrective action has been taken,  Army Col. Steve Warren, a Baghdad-based spokesman, told reporters Friday.  And we have communicated as much to our military partners and our military allies in the region. So which of these emblems will the Americans wear? We shall see. But last year American soldiers fighting against ISIS in Syria and Iraq were actually already wearing the emblem of the Muslim infamous two crossed swords (see below) as USA Today reported. So this Muslim two-crossed sword might be what they will put on their right arm in Syria. Via: Shoebat Unit insignia is important because it fosters esprit de corps,  said Army Col. Steve Warren, the spokesman for Operation Inherent Resolve.  The CJTF-OIR headquarters is made up of men and women from all services, many nations and many different units in the Army. This insignia will be worn by all of the Army members of the CJTF and may be authorized for wear by other services and nations according to their regulations. ",0
16585,CLIMATE CHANGE REFUGEES? FEDS GIVE $1 BILLION In Grants To 13 States To “Help Them Adapt” To Climate Change,"Now it beings the government has changed who is a refugee to include climate refugees. Does anyone else see the insanity in this? This could mean just about anyone who simply claims they fear climate change has harmed their very existence. Watch out for this one to be used by anyone and everyone. OF COURSE THE UNITED NATIONS IS BEHIND THIS REDISTRIBUTION SCAM ALONG WITH JOHN KERRY:The United Nations Institute for Environment and Human Security and the International Organization for Migration estimated that climate change could displace as many as 200 million individuals by 2050. Most of these would likely be fisherfolk and farmers relying on the environment for their livelihood.SLICK SCAM: John Kerry Warns Global Warming Will Produce Millions Of  Climate Refugees Climate change, particularly unprecedented sea level rise, is already creating refugees in the United States.Back in January, the Department of Housing and Urban Development announced that it will allocate $1 billion in grants to 13 states to help them adapt to climate change. The projects will include building stronger dams as well as drainage systems. Among those grants was $48 million for Isle de Jean Charles, the first time federal tax dollars were reserved for moving an entire community mired with the impacts of climate change. The low-lying island on the Gulf coast of Louisiana is already sinking. The island is home to a few dozen people whose way of life is rooted from generations back. They are now getting displaced and turned into climate refugees.  We re going to lose all our heritage, all our culture. It s all going to be history,  mourned Chief Albert Naquin of the Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctaw, the tribe where most of the island s residents belong, in a New York Times report. From once being 22,000 acres in size, the island has now been reduced to only 320 acres. According to 2009 data reported by Northern Arizona University, only 25 houses remained occupied, down from 63 only five years earlier.In a release, Louisiana Office of Community Development executive director Pat Forbes said that the tribe is frontlining the disaster of Louisiana s coastal land loss. The grant, she added, will help them resettle to a safer location and serve as a model for resettlement of endangered U.S. communities. Since the 1950s, the Native American tribe has already lost some 98 percent of its land to climbing sea levels, flooding and coastal erosion, with the island suspected to be totally submerged in a matter of 50 years. Naquin expressed excitement in an Indian Country Today interview over their  chance to reunite the family  and keep the culture intact. According to reports, the tribe will remain owners of the island even after relocating to its new community, something that could take place as soon as 2019. The first-of-its-kind grant must be spent by 2022. Read more: Tech Times",0
16586,MUSLIM OFFICIAL Stands By Nasty Memorial Day Tweet Criticizing US Troops,"CAIR S Zahra Billoo is so hateful! She Tweets out a nasty message every year about our troops on Memorial Day weekend. The Council for Islamic Relations (CAIR) has had a bigger and bigger presence and influence on communities across America. Don t dare criticize Islam or you get hammered by CAIR. They re counting on people to fear being called Islamophobic or other things For this reason, they usually bully their way to victory. Americans aren t used to this boldness so we cower and let them shame us. It s way past time to stand your ground and call things what they are. Just say no to bullying from CAIR!CAIR S ZAHRA BILLOO TWEETED IN 2014:A top Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) official took time out of her Memorial Day weekend to stand by her opposition to honoring fallen U.S. soldiers on the holiday and specifically took aim at Muslim-Americans who serve in the U.S. military.For the third year in a row, the executive director of CAIR s San Francisco Bay Area chapter, Zahra Billoo, bashed the U.S. military on the holiday in which we are supposed to thank them for their sacrifices.CAIR is a U.S. Muslim Brotherhood entity that was designated as a terrorist group by the United Arab Emirates in November. FBI wiretaps in 1993 reveal that CAIR was established to deceptively push the Islamist agenda. You can read more about CAIR s background here.Billoo stepped in hot water in 2014 when the Clarion Project broke the story about how she and other CAIR officials were suggesting that fallen U.S. soldiers shouldn t be honored on Memorial Day. The result was major media attention and outrage from Muslims honoring Memorial Day.She responded by retweeting a comment about supporting U.S. troops  who refuse service,  tweeting about U.S.  genocide,  rape within the military and accusing critics of sexism, racism and anti-Muslim bigotry.On Memorial weekend last year, Billoo again slandered the U.S. military and said servicemen often  murder  innocent civilians. She also equated Israel with ISIS.",0
16587,"3 BUSTED, 4 AT LARGE! IMMIGRANT MUSLIM GROUP Ran Huge Food Stamp Fraud Ring","WORD MUST BE OUT THAT THE US IS GIVING OUT FOOD STAMPS AND MONEY LIKE CANDY! It s also true that these people are coming here to work the system because fraud is way too easy to commit with SNAP. We ve reported on so many immigrant fraud schemes with food stamps that I ve lost count. Here are just a few:22 LATINOS ARRESTED In Largest Food Stamp Fraud Bust In History Here s How They Did ItIMMIGRANT Ghanaian Woman Pleads Guilty To $3.6 Million in Food Stamp Fraud Media Ignores Her Immigrant StatusALABAMA FRAUD: FOOD STAMPS TO CASH SENT TO YEMENHOMESTEAD, Fla.   Three men are in custody, and four remain at large in connection to a food stamp fraud at a Save Way Food Market, Homestead police said.The arrests happened Wednesday and are the result of a a three year investigation by Homestead police, the Florida Department of Financial Services and the Miami-Dade County State Attorney s Office. The offices were investigating unlawful trafficking and fraudulent use of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, and electronic benefit transfer, or EBT cards at store, located in the 700 block of Southwest Eighth Avenue.The scam would work by a food stamp recipient coming into the store and telling the owner or an employee that they d like to trade their food stamp in for cash, police said.The customers would then be offered 50 cents on the dollar, a police report said, and then the employee or owner would query the recipients EBT card to determine the balance.Jamil Hasan, Mohammad Jamil Hasan and Nabil Jamil Hasan were arrested on charges of racketeering, conspiring to racketeering and organizing a scheme to defraud.Nabil Jamil Hasan and Mohammad Nabil Jamil Hasan were also arrested on public assistance fraud charges.Four men remain at large: Fahmi Muhammad Husein, Abdalla Fahmi Husein, Mohammad Fahmi Husein and Adel Fahmi Husein, and face similar charges as the other men who were arrested.Via: Local 10",0
16588,RUSSIAN ROULETTE FOR LAW ENFORCEMENT: Border Patrol Agents Given Awards For Putting Lives Of Armed Illegal Aliens Before Their Own,"Mind blowing incompetence and reckless disregard for the lives of these brave men and women by politically appointed leftists A new service award recently created by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) for Border Patrol agents could actually put their lives at risk. The award recognizes an agent who does not use deadly force in a situation where they are confronted by an armed assailant.  They want us to put ourselves in a bad tactical situation,  National Border Patrol Council Vice President Shawn Moran told Breitbart Texas in an interview Friday evening.  This could lead to one of our agents getting killed. The award is defined by the CBP as:The Use of Deadly Force Encounter Averted award is to recognize and employee who demonstrated clear situational awareness and courage while disarming a suspect using contact controls and verbal commands before the situation escalated to the use of deadly force. The act must demonstrate courage in the face of an armed suspect and result in no injury in accordance with agencies use of force policy. At first, I thought this was a joke,  Moran told Breitbart Texas. But Border Patrol Agent Chris Cabrera contacted officials in the awards section of CBP and they confirmed it is true, he said. In addition to his Border Patrol duties Cabrera also serves as vice president of NBPC Local 3307 and as NBPC deputy spokesperson. This is a true indication about how the politically appointed leaders of the CBP truly feel about our agents,  he said.Moran said he had not heard about the award before Cabrera brought it to his attention.  I can t recall any official discussions between the union and the department over this,  he explained.  This is typical pandering by our executives to organizations like the ACLU and illegal alien advocates. The exacerbated leader of the NBPC which represents more than 18,000 men and women who protect our nation s borders said,  They are more concerned about placating these groups than protecting Border Patrol agents. He said this is also typical for them to roll something like this out on the day before a big holiday weekend hoping no one will notice.The policy appears to put just one more thing an agent must think about when faced with a life threatening situation.The NBPC posted a copy of the award definition on its Facebook page earlier on Friday evening. Commenting on the award, the organization posted,  This type of thinking will get Border Patrol agents killed. If that happens we will hold the creators of this award accountable. This is despicable. The CBP seems to be following the lead of the Los Angeles Police Department who rolled out a  Preservation of Life Award.  The policy was designed to recognize officers who hold their fire to avoid using deadly force, Breitbart News  William Bigelow reported in November 2015.The Los Angeles Police Protective League had a similar reaction to that of the NBPC. The local police union responded that the award prioritizes the lives of suspected criminals over the lives of officers.NATO forces in Europe considered a similar idea but never implemented it, Bigelow reported. Via: Breitbart News ",0
16589,"THE SALT POLICE? Yes, Salt Regulation Is Here Because Government Knows Better","The  salt police  are coming to NYC! Thanks to the nutty liberal mayor of New York City, we have a new regulation on salt. Restaurants will be fined up to $600 for not providing salt intro on menus. Oy vey! NEW YORK (AP)   New York City plans to start enforcing a first-of-its-kind requirement for chain restaurants to use icons to warn patrons of salty foods after getting an appeals court s go-ahead Thursday to start issuing fines.The novel rule took effect in December, and some eateries already have added the requisite salt-shaker-like icons to menu items that contain more salt than doctors recommend ingesting in an entire day.But penalties have been in limbo as the National Restaurant Association fights the measure in court. That clash is ongoing, but an appeals court Thursday lifted a temporary hold on issuing the fines while the case plays out. Fines can be up to $600.The city will start enforcing the rule June 6.Democratic Mayor Bill de Blasio applauded the appeals court s decision on what he called  a common-sense regulation that will help New Yorkers make better decisions and lead healthier lives.  The city won the first round of the lawsuit in a trial court in February; the restaurant association appealed.Via: FOX 5 NY ",0
16590,HERE ARE THE FIVE State Department Rules That Hillary Violated [Video],"While Hillary doubles down on her false claim that the rules were clarified AFTER she left the State Department, we ve got the 5 top rules she broke. But first we need to listen to the masterful liar herself:Hillary Clinton doubles down on defending her email practices:  Rules were not clarified until after I had left. https://t.co/ggH7XtU5Qo  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) May 26, 2016 That investigation is ongoing, but the report identifies five other laws or regulations that Clinton circumvented or failed to follow. They contradict the Clinton campaign s repeated claims that Clinton s email practices at the State Department complied with all relevant rules regarding federal records and information security.Retaining agency records after leaving  Departing officials and employees [may] not remove Federal records from agency custody   36 C.F.R.   1222.24Clinton s personal email address, which she used exclusively as secretary of state, was housed on a private email server in her Chappaqua, N.Y. home. That meant her emails, which are considered federal records, were never in federal custody while she served as secretary. She didn t just retain records after leaving the State Department; those records were never in the department s possession in the first place.Properly archiving agency records  Agencies that allow employees to send and receive official electronic mail messages using a system not operated by the agency must ensure that Federal records sent or received on such systems are preserved in the appropriate agency recordkeeping system.   36 C.F.R.   1236.22(b)Clinton claims that the fact she was sending emails to federal employees using official email accounts meant that those emails were being archived properly. The IG rejected that explanation and concluded that Clinton had violated rules on the preservation of federal records. Secretary Clinton should have preserved any Federal records she created and received on her personal account by printing and filing those records with the related files in the Office of the Secretary,  the IG wrote.Preserving federal records from loss or destruction  All Department employees are   required by law to preserve documentary materials meeting the definition of a record under the Federal Records Act [and are] responsible for creating, using, maintaining, preserving, and disposing of the Department s information and records.   State Department Foreign Affairs ManualClinton has said that she deleted roughly 30,000 emails stored on her server that she deemed of a personal and non-official nature. Neither the State Department nor the records agency has ever seen those emails. We now know that they included messages that were official in nature.The IG report identified a number of such emails to Gen. David Petraeus.  The Department of Defense provided to OIG in September 2015 copies of 19 emails between Secretary Clinton and General David Petraeus on his official Department of Defense email account.  None of those 19 emails were turned over to the State Department.Other deleted Clinton emails included dispatches about the Libyan civil war and the Sept. 11, 2012, terrorist attacks on U.S. diplomatic facilities in the country.Use of department-approved computing devices  It is the Department s general policy that normal day-to-day operations be conducted on an authorized AIS, which has the proper level of security control to provide nonrepudiation, authentication and encryption, to ensure confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the resident information.   State Department Foreign Affairs ManualAccording to the inspector general, Clinton never received department approval to conduct official agency business on her private email server. She never consulted with the proper authorities before doing so. If she had, her email arrangement would have been rejected. According to the current CIO and Assistant Secretary for Diplomatic Security, Secretary Clinton had an obligation to discuss using her personal email account to conduct official business with their offices, who in turn would have attempted to provide her with approved and secured means that met her business needs,  stated the IG report. However, according to these officials, DS and IRM did not and would not approve her exclusive reliance on a personal email account to conduct Department business, because of the restrictions in the FAM and the security risks in doing so. Handling of sensitive-but-unclassified (SBU) information  Where warranted by the nature of the information, employees who will be transmitting SBU information outside of the Department network on a regular basis to the same official and/or most personal addresses, must contact the [information security officials] for guidance in implementing a secure technical solution for those transmissions.   State Department Foreign Affairs Manual Emails exchanged on [Clinton s] personal account regularly contained information marked as SBU,  but she never obtained the required approval for the handling of such information on a personal computing device. Because a security review never occurred,  Secretary Clinton never demonstrated   that her private server or mobile device met minimum information security requirements. Information security officials from Clinton s time at the agency told the IG  that they were not asked to approve or otherwise review the use of Secretary Clinton s server and that they had no knowledge of approval or review by other Department staff. These officials also stated that they were unaware of the scope or extent of Secretary Clinton s use of a personal email account, though many of them sent emails to the Secretary on this account. Read more: WFB",0
16591,FRIGHTENING Observations By A 75 Year Old American…All Of A Sudden America’s Becoming An Islamic State,"These are shocking revelations that have essentially taken place while America and our elected representatives slept.ALL Of A Sudden Before Obama there was virtually no outlandish presence of Islam in America. Only 7 years later, here are some observations made by a 75 year old American:1. All of a sudden, Islam is taught in schools. Christianity and the bible are banned in schools and in our military.2. All of a sudden we must allow prayer rugs everywhere and allow for Islamic prayer in schools, airports and businesses.3. All of a sudden we must stop serving pork in prisons.4. All of a sudden we are inundated with law suits by Muslims who are offended by American culture.5. All of a sudden we must allow burkas to be worn everywhere even though you have no idea who or what is covered up under them.6. All of a sudden Muslims are suing employers and refusing to do their jobs if they personally deem it conflicts with Sharia Law.7. All of a sudden the Attorney General of the United States vows to prosecute anyone who engages in  anti-Muslim speech .8. All of a sudden, Jihadists who engage in terrorism and openly admit they acted in the name of Islam and ISIS, are emphatically declared they are NOT Islamic by our leaders and/or their actions are determined NOT to be terrorism, but other nebulous terms like  workplace Violence. 9. All of a sudden, it becomes policy that Secular Middle East dictators that were benign or friendly to the West, must be replaced by Islamists and the Muslim Brotherhood.10. All of a sudden our troops are withdrawn from Iraq and the Middle East, giving rise to ISIS.11. All of a sudden, America has reduced its nuclear stockpiles to 1950 levels, as Obama s stated goal of a nuke-free America by the time he leaves office continues uninterrupted.12. All of a sudden, a deal with Iran must be made at any cost, with a pathway to nuclear weapons and HUNDREDS of BILLIONS of dollars handed over to fund their programs.13. All of a sudden America APOLOGIZES to Muslim states and sponsors of terror worldwide for acts of aggression, war and sabotage THEY perpetrate against our soldiers.14. All of a sudden, the American Navy is diminished to 1917 Pre-World War I levels of only 300 ships. The Army is at pre-1940 levels. The Air Force scraps 500 planes and planned to retire the use of the A-10 Thunderbolt close air support fighter. A further draw down of another 40,000 military personnel is in progress.15. All of a sudden half of our aircraft carriers are recalled for maintenance by Obama rendering the Atlantic unguarded, NONE are in the Middle East.16. All of a sudden Obama has to empty Guantanamo Bay of captured Jihadists and let them loose in Jihad-friendly Islamic states. He demands to close the facility.17. All of a sudden America will negotiate with terrorists and trade FIVE Taliban commanders for a deserter and Jihad sympathizer.18. All of a sudden there is no money for American poor, disabled veterans, jobless Americans, hungry Americans, or displaced Americans but there is endless money for Obama s  Syrian Refugee  Resettlement programs.19. All of sudden there is an ammunition shortage in the USA.20. All of a sudden, the most important thing for Obama to do after a mass shooting by two Jihadists, is disarm American Citizens.21. All of a sudden, the President of the United States cannot attend the Christian funerals of a Supreme Court Justice and a former First Lady because of previous (seemingly unimportant) commitments.Finally And all of a sudden, I m sick to my stomach. I m not sure the majority of Americans recognize the seriousness of the situation and how much  progress  has been made by Islam these last 7 years, a very brief time compared to a 75 year lifetime!This was sent to 100% FED UP! by a fan of our Facebook page.",0
16592,"STUNNING BETRAYAL! 43 REPUBLICANS, In Dark Of Night Vote To Approve Obama’s Transgender Bathroom Decree","Who knew a President could do so much damage in one year? Who knew he would have the support of so many Republicans we fought so hard to elect, as our last hope to stop Obama s fundamental transformation of America Many are asking what Republicans plan to do to stop Obama s executive war on culture and religious liberty in pursuit of cultural Marxism. Now we know that not only will this party do nothing to stop Obama, they will use their control of Congress to codify Obama s agenda into law.Late Wednesday night, Republicans allowed a vote on an amendment from Rep. Sean Maloney (D-NY), which codified Obama s executive order 13672 making transgenderism the law of the land. Obama s executive order, promulgated in July 2014, instructed bureaucrats to sever contracts with companies that don t follow the Obama mandated sexual identity agenda. This could include companies that don t allow men into female bathrooms in their private corporate offices. The Maloney amendment to the $37.4 billion FY 2017 Energy &Water Appropriations Bill (H.R. 5055) codified that unilateral act into law.The amendment passed 223-195 with 43 Republicans supporting it. The GOP House just supported arguably the most radical Democrat agenda item in the dead of night.Enshrining Obama s specific edict into law and then passing vanity language reaffirming the general importance of religious liberty is like doing CPR on a dead body. GOP leaders are always twisting arms to get conservative members to vote for bad bills. Somehow we are to believe they were impotent in ensuring  moderate  members (what is moderate about transgenderism?) adhere to the party s platform?The reality is that Paul Ryan has long been a supporter of ENDA (Employment Non Discrimination Act), the legislative vehicle for enshrining transgenderism into law and mandating adherence to its dogma on private businesses. That is why he s been absent in this fight. Moreover, Republicans have failed to allow a single anti-religious bigotry bill to the floor since the illegal gay marriage decision was issued by the Supreme Court, despite the ubiquitous threats against private businesses, states, and private property.Clearly, whipping against this vote was not a priority.Once the Maloney amendment passed with GOP votes, Republicans proceeded to do what they always do so well. They offered side-by-side amendments in an attempt to cover up the damage.They passed the  Pitts amendment  as a second-degree by voice vote to affirm the constitutional importance of religious liberty. Then they passed the Byrne Amendments to reaffirm that RFRA is still in place and the government cannot discriminate against religious individuals. Well, as we all know, the Constitution and RFRA (Religious Freedom Restoration Act) have been in place for the entire Obama administration, yet he is still able to get away with anti-religious bigotry edicts by claiming they don t interfere with religious beliefs.To begin with, this entire spending bill was something that should never have come to the floor. It increased spending and retained a number of green energy programs for a department that shouldn t even exist.Now that leadership has loaded this already sub-par spending bill with transgenderism, conservatives should vote against final passage on Thursday. It s bad enough that a Republican House cannot be used as a tool to go on offense against cultural Marxism and anti-religious-liberty initiatives. To pass a bill placing an exclamation mark on that agenda is unforgivable.Via: Conservative ReviewHere is the list of Republicans who voted to assist Obama in his fundamental transformation of America:Amash (MI)Brooks (IN) Coffman (CO) Costello (PA) Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney (IL) Denham (CA) Dent (PA) Diaz-Balara (FL) Dold (IL)Donovan (NY) Emmer (MN) Fitzpatrick (PA)Frelinghuysen (NJ) Gibson (NY) Heck (NV) Hurd (TX) Issa (CA)Jolly (FL)Katko (NY) Kinzinger (IL)Lance( NJ) LoBiondo (NJ)MacArthur (NJ)McSally (AZ) Meehan (PA) Messer (IN) Paulsen (MN) Poliquin (ME) Reed (NY) Reichert (WA) Renacci (OH) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen (FL) Shims (IL) Stefanik (NY) Upton (MI) Valadao (CA) Walden (OR) Walters, Mimi (CA)Young (IA) Young (IN) Zelda (NY)Via: Conservative Review",0
16593,WHOA! SENATOR TOM COTTON Blasts Harry Reid’s “Cancerous Leadership” [Video],Senator Tom Cotton is such a great representative and a good man. He hammers Harry Reid! ,0
16594,BREAKING! INVESTIGATION: Hillary Clinton Did NOT Comply With Records Rules," Was Hillary Clinton negligent or was she doing this on purpose? Either way, it s a really bad situation and gives more fodder for the Trump campaign. Keep at it!The State Department inspector general concluded that Hillary Clinton did not comply with the agency s policies on records, according to a report released to lawmakers on Wednesday that also revealed that Clinton and her top aides chose not to cooperate with the review.The agency on Wednesday released the long-awaited report to Capitol Hill, copy of which was obtained by POLITICO, providing just the latest turn in the headache-inducing saga that has dogged Clinton s campaign.While the report concludes that the agency suffers from  longstanding, systemic weaknesses  with records that  go well beyond the tenure of any one Secretary of State,  it specifically dings Clinton for her exclusive use of private email.The watchdog s findings could exact further damage to Clinton s campaign, and they provide fresh fodder for Trump, who has already said he will go after Clinton for the email scandal  bigly.  The Democratic frontrunner s bid for the White House has already been hindered by high unfavorability ratings, with people saying they don t trust her. The report represents the latest pushback   in this case by a nonpartisan government entity   against her campaign s claim that she did not break any rules and that her use of a private server was completely allowed. The report also details how some technology staff said they were instructed to not talk of Clinton s email set-up after they raised concerns about the unusual arrangement. It also includes conflicting information about whether the private email server had been approved by the State Department s legal staff. Read more: POLITICO",0
16595,WHOA! CLINTON GRIFTERS BAGGED $100 Million From “Blood Minerals” Firm,"The Clinton grifters have been at this scam for so long that it s hard to keep up with all the money. In 2007, they bagged a HUGE donation for $100 million from a firm with a very shady reputation:When the Vancouver, Canada-based Lundin Group gave its $100 million commitment to the  Clinton Giustra Sustainable Growth Initiative,  the company had long been cutting deals with warlords, Marxist rebels, military strongmen and dictatorships in the war-torn African countries of Congo, Sudan and Ethiopia.A little known Swedish-Canadian oil and mining conglomerate human rights groups have repeatedly charged produces  blood minerals  is among the Clinton Foundation s biggest donors, thanks to a $100 million pledge in 2007, a Daily Caller News Foundation investigation has found. Blood minerals  are related to  blood diamonds,  which are allegedly mined in war zones or sold as commodities to help finance political insurgencies or despotic warlords.When the Vancouver, Canada-based Lundin Group gave its $100 million commitment to the  Clinton Giustra Sustainable Growth Initiative,  the company had long been cutting deals with warlords, Marxist rebels, military strongmen and dictatorships in the war-torn African countries of Congo, Sudan and Ethiopia.Lundin promoted its reputation as a fierce, hard-driving company. Adolf Lundin, who founded the company, audaciously traveled to the French home of Congo dictator Mobutu Sese Seko in 1996 to secure mining rights for his company. A few years later, Lundin admitted he had offered a  donation  to Mobutu s  elections campaign,  but later said he never gave the funds.Read more: Daily Caller",0
16596,BREAKING: HUGE VICTORY For Free Speech And Unborn Babies Against Planned Parenthood [Video],"Our good friends at Thomas More Law Center just won a great case for free speech and the unborn! The judge who rendered the decision is an Obama appointee which makes this victory all the sweeter!In a huge victory for free speech and unborn babies, United States District Judge Nancy Torresen, yesterday, issued a preliminary injunction barring the Maine Attorney General and City of Portland police officers from enforcing the Noise Provision of the Maine Civil Rights Act ( Act ). Under the Act, after being warned by a police officer, it is illegal to make noise that can be heard inside an abortion clinic with the intent to interfere with a medical procedure.In a 35 page opinion and order, Judge Torresen, an Obama appointee, held that the Noise Provision of the Act is content-based because it restricts speech based on its purpose, and therefore, is facially unconstitutional.  The Thomas More Law Center ( TMLC ), a national, nonprofit public interest law firm based in Ann Arbor, Michigan, filed a lawsuit in December 2015, on behalf of Pastor Andrew March after a Portland police officer officially warned Pastor March under the Act, and ordered him to quiet his pro-life speech on the public sidewalk outside the Portland Planned Parenthood facility or face prosecution. Despite this threat of prosecution, Pastor Andrew March courageously continued to plead for the lives of the unborn at the doors of the Planned Parenthood facility. ",0
16597,REPORTER CONFRONTS State Department Over DC Visit By Al Qaeda Tied Terror Group [Video],"Could this guy be any more clueless? Is it that this administration is this clueless or this evil? Al Qaeda tied leaders who ve been vetted by the Saudis are visiting DC do we trust the Saudis at all? If this guy knows this man had been vetted by the Saudis then why doesn t he know more? The Obama administration has been using the tactic of ignorance of situations since day one. Eric Holder, Jeh Johnson and others have lied and claimed they have no clue but will look into a problem. Here s yet another example of this tactic: ",0
16598,VIETNAM RELEASES Catholic Priest Just Days Before Obama Lifts Arms Ban… Just One Prisoner?,"Vietnam has supposedly made modest gains in reducing human rights abuses BUT a Catholic priest was just released after TWO DECADES in a Vietnam prison. What on earth did this priest do? Well, he fought for religious freedom Yes, Vietnam is still holding others in situations just like this. Soooo Vietnam throws us a bone and releases just one prisoner as a gesture so Obama will lift the arms ban? WHY NOT HOLD OUT FOR ALL POLITICAL PRISONERS?Vietnam has freed one of its longest-serving political prisoners, just a few days before a visit by Barack Obama in which human rights is expected to be a key talking point.Nguyen Van Ly, a Catholic priest who has spent most of the past two decades in detention due to his relentless pursuit of democracy and religious freedom, was released from a prison in central Hue province after his fourth stint behind bars. They released him in a special amnesty by Vietnam s president before the Obama trip,  Catholic priest Phan Van Loi told Reuters by phone.The communist country s state-controlled media has made no mention of Ly s release, which comes as Obama weighs whether to lift an arms embargo on Vietnam, a decision Washington has long said would hinge on human rights progress.Loi said that he met Ly after his release and that although he appeared weak, he was in high spirits.The US embassy in Hanoi welcomed the release of Ly but said other dissidents should be freed too. We call on the government to release unconditionally all prisoners of conscience and allow all Vietnamese to express their political views peacefully without fear of retribution,  an embassy spokesman said.During Ly s long periods of incarceration, sometimes in solitary confinement, he suffered numerous health problems, including strokes and partial paralysis.Ly s release on Friday was three months before the end of an eight-year prison sentence for  anti-state propaganda , which comes under a section of the criminal code that rights groups say is vaguely worded and used to punish outspoken critics.The priest has been on the receiving end of some of the country s harshest verdicts, stemming from his opposition to the political monopoly of the Communist party. He set up a pro-democracy movement and was behind several banned publications.Human rights is a thorny issue for Vietnam that has created dilemmas for western governments keen to engage with one of Asia s fastest-growing economies but alarmed by the arrests, harassment and jailing of its detractors.Via: The Guardian",0
16599,THE UNSTOPPABLE RISE OF COMMON SENSE: “The Left can’t stand it but all over Europe and America politicians are on the rise who put their own countries and culture first”,"For the first time since World War Two, the two centrist parties in Austria have lost and The Freedom Party, led by Norbert Hofer, looks set to win.Austria could be the first European country to be led by the populist right. It is a momentous day. Right-thinking  commenters and the European elite are aghast. But I couldn t be happier.In Austria, European governments see a mirror of their own future.Look long and hard my friends, because this is coming your way. A new populist politics is back in the ascendant, defending national identity and protecting the rights of true nationals from the drain of immigration. And this is just the start of things to come.Make no mistake: the author of this Europe-wide phenomenon is Merkel.She has penned a new era in history, in which Europe rejects an open-door policy to immigration which would lead to our women being the target of archaic cultures and religions, and rape being a helpless man s only response to the provocative sight of an unveiled woman.But this is more than a rejection of European immigration policy. This is individual nations asserting their right to self-govern. Peoples voting to protect their sense of self and reassert sovereignty.These nations do not want to be part of some amorphous whole, a blancmange of nonsense led by a German. And they are fighting back in city squares chanting  never again .Hofer says:  To those in Austria who go to war for Islamic State or rape women, I say to those people:  This is not your home.  I have a strong sense many of you would vote for a British leader with precisely these views.And Hofer is not alone.The Danish People s Party has 21 per cent of the vote and publicised its policy of removing valuables over the value of  1,045 from immigrants to pay for their welfare. It also placed adverts in Lebanese newspapers warning against migration to Denmark.The UK, on the other hand, advertises its benefits and accommodates migrants in hotels.In Finland the populist Right argues that true Finns take priority in social and healthcare spending.The UK prioritises immigrants for school places and council homes and gives away healthcare for free.Marine Le Pen s National Front (FN) is the biggest nationalist challenge to Europe s liberal democratic traditions. She has modernised the party and mobilised support in the face of terror attacks.It suits the Left to throw out insults and put lazy labels on these political parties, seeking to marginalise or discredit them In Germany, Greece, Italy, Hungary, Switzerland   parties which espouse the same views are also on the rise.Questioning immigration, the EU and the establishment, while promoting a strong sense of nationalist sentiment, is now entirely  salonfaehig , as German-speakers would say.Their ugly word for  passable in your living room    or, as we would say, socially acceptable.Merkel, for the record, is not salonfaehig in my home.The Swiss even use controversial black-sheep posters to make their point about immigration.But it suits the Left to throw out insults and put lazy labels on these political parties, seeking to marginalise or discredit them despite their obvious electoral success and democratic support. It calls these parties the Far Right, hoping you will close your eyes, picture a skinhead with a beer belly and an England flag tattooed on his forehead, and snigger.But remember, this breed of lazy socialists also mocked Donald Trump, and will continue to do so as he ascends the steps to the White House.They smirk, cocooned in their London bubble as will no doubt still be listening to the BBC still calling Donald Trump a buffoon even as he descend the stairs from Air Force One.Meanwhile Americans want him to speak up on their behalf. To be the voice of the people, to Make America Great Again, to halt immigration, protect their cultural identity and reassert their right to look after their own culture first.It s no coincidence Hofer and Trump both use the same slogan: America/Austria First!And these words are being echoed all around Europe. Restrict immigration, self-govern, reassert the right to put your own people first.And as I look west towards Trump in the White House, east to Hofer in Austria and Le Penn resurgent in France, north towards the Danish People s Party with the toughest immigration rules in Europe, and south to the stronghold of the Swiss People s Party   I see a political compass whose true direction is set on national identity and sovereignty.This movement is supported by people living in their cultural homeland, working hard, paying taxes, looking for someone, anyone, to speak up for their rights, their country, their future.And if Merkel continues the madness of trying to fast-track Turkey into the EU, millions more will join them.Just as if Britain has the guts to vote to leave the EU, I have no doubt citizens all over Europe will start demanding that they too get a vote.All over the Western world, multiculturalism is being rejected in favour of national identity. The surge of populist politics of the Right reflects a deeper will of the people to take back power from those who believe we are all equal. We all have rights.We are not. We do not.If you come to our country and fight for Islamic State, rape our women, and then ask Europe to defend your human rights, this is not your home.Our NHS, our schools, our local doctors  surgeries   they are not yours to monopolise either. Our children should come first.The balance of power is shifting. Raising the specter of fascism is just lazy labelling.Via: Katie Hopkins  Daily Mail ",0
16600,EPIC! COMMIE OBAMA PICTURED With Vietnam President In Front Of This!,"Wow! What a commie putz! After lifting the arms restrictions on Vietnam, Obama gleefully gets a photo right in front of the bust of Ho Chi Minh. That s some rich symbolism right there!",0
16601,CHARITY GETS MILLIONS From US To Train “Vulnerable Afghans”," Stunning doesn t even come close to describing the Department of Labor s waste of the American taxpayer s money!WE VE BLOWN $113 BILLION (YES, THAT S BILLION WITH A B) TO REBUILD THE ISLAMIC COUNTRY OF AFGHANISTAN! Among the federal agencies that have disbursed huge sums to famously corrupt Afghanistan reconstruction causes is the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL), which has spent more than $11 million with the single biggest chunk of money going to a leftist charity whose president earns a stunning $600,000 a year.It s a tiny snippet of the $113 billion Uncle Sam has blown on wasteful projects presented to American taxpayers as necessary to rebuild the Islamic country renowned as a hotbed of terrorism.In the DOL s case, the cash is supposed to fund programs that provide Afghans with an education, work and life skills as well as well as job training. The biggest single portion of the DOL investment has gone to the New York-based International Rescue Committee (IRC) to provide  vocational training for vulnerable Afghans  and programs that increase wages and self-employment. The IRC claims that it responds to the world s worst humanitarian crises and helps restore health, safety, education, economic wellbeing and power to people devastated by conflict and disaster. Last year a British newspaper reported that the head of IRC, former British Foreign Secretary David Miliband, earns  a staggering $600,000 per year  at the nonprofit. That s nearly four times the salary of the nation s prime minister, the newspaper pointed out, and several hundred thousand more than the president of the United States.Americans have given the IRC $3.4 million, according to the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) and the watchdog wants to know how the money is being spent and if program goals have been met. In a report issued this month SIGAR notes that, besides IRC, several other groups received lots of money without revealing how it was spent. UNICEF got $3 million to demobilize child soldiers and provide them with reintegration, psycho-social and medical support. The rest of the DOL money supposedly funded activities that included training Afghan women to produce school uniforms for Afghan girls, assisting the Ministry of Labor, Social Affairs, Martyrs and Disabled to improve protection of workers  rights and reforming labor laws and regulations in the country. Raising awareness of child labor is another popular cause that got generous funding.While the U.S. keeps the flood of cash flowing, there s no follow up to determine if the huge investment has been effective. As of the end of 2015, the U.S. has appropriated about $113 billion for relief and reconstruction in Afghanistan, the watchdog writes in its latest DOL report. The largest portion $96 billion has been managed by the Department of Defense (DOD), the State Department and the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID).Judicial Watch has reported extensively on this in the last few years and the fact that there s virtually no oversight once the money has been doled out. The government does a pathetic job tracking programs  successes of failures and SIGAR has faced huge obstacles in the course of its probes even though it s supposed to be an independent watchdog with unlimited access to information necessary to expose government fraud or wrongdoing. When the watchdog launched an investigation into how Afghanistan reconstruction money is being spent agencies  provided disparate information,  the report states, which required  additional follow-up. READ MORE: JUDICIAL WATCH",0
16602,TOP OBAMA OFFICIAL: We Find Illegal Aliens But Here’s Why We Don’t Deport Them [Video],"THIS IS MADDENING! We have a president and congress who do nothing but promote illegal entry into America TREASON! The Obama Administration has been releasing thousands of criminal illegal aliens onto our streets. In just the last three years, ICE released 86,288 criminal aliens.    Senator Jeff SessionsSenator Jeff Sessions questioning Thomas Homan, the Executive Associate Director, Enforcement And Removal Operations of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, U.S. Department of Homeland Security. Homan admits they find illegal aliens but cannot deport them because of President Obama, whose policies protect whole classes of illegal aliens.SESSIONS DELIVERS OPENING STATEMENT ON DECLINING DEPORTATIONS AND INCREASING CRIMINAL ALIEN RELEASES WASHINGTON U.S. Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL), Chairman of the Subcommittee on Immigration and The National Interest, delivered the following statement on the Administration s actions that have resulted in a dramatic decrease in the number of aliens removed from the United States over recent years, and thousands of otherwise removable aliens being released from custody: Thank you to everyone for being here today, and thank you to Senator Blumenthal for serving as ranking member.First I d like to extend my condolences to the Director of ICE, Sarah Salda a, and her family on their recent, tragic loss. Our thoughts and prayers go out to them during this difficult time.Throughout its tenure, the Obama Administration has made numerous public statements, issued multiple memoranda, and represented in testimony before Congress that it has limited resources and therefore can remove only a certain number and category of illegal aliens. Specifically, the Administration repeatedly claimed that U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement had the resources to deport only approximately 400,000 illegal aliens from the United States each year.So, their reasoning went, they were compelled to focus on criminal illegal aliens and other aliens who pose threats to the country s security. Because of this focus, the President argued he had no choice but to grant executive amnesty to millions of illegal aliens   which would allow them to stay in the country and obtain work permits and other federal benefits.Yet, as we will examine in today s hearing, rather than truly prioritizing the removal of certain types of illegal aliens over others, the Obama Administration has simply refused to execute the laws passed by Congress and signed into law.It has ordered immigration law enforcement officers to ignore plain law and acquiesce to the presence of millions of illegal aliens in the United States, including criminals and those who have already been ordered deported to leave the country.If the Obama Administration was truly prioritizing the removal of certain illegal aliens over others, it would be reasonable to assume that with the same or more resources, the number of deportations would remain relatively steady each year.However, the simple fact is that since these policies were implemented, deportations have plummeted  particularly deportations from the interior of the country as opposed to the border   and most sharply under guidelines issued by Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson in November 2014.As this dramatic decline has occurred, Congress has increased funding each year for the purpose of immigration enforcement.This is not prioritization and this is not prosecutorial discretion. This is a total refusal to carry out the laws passed by Congress that the Constitution obliges the President to faithfully execute.Meanwhile, the Obama Administration has been releasing thousands of criminal illegal aliens onto our streets. In just the last three years, ICE released 86,288 criminal aliens.At the same time, the Administration touts the decrease in the number of apprehensions at the border as a sign of border security. But as we will hear in testimony today, we simply do not apprehend every illegal alien who crosses the southern border. Not even close. Moreover, we are seeing near-record levels of certain categories of aliens   unaccompanied alien minors and family units   who face no chance of actually being deported under this Administration. This simply sends a message that anybody, anywhere in the world, if they can get into the United States across our southern border, for example, they will be allowed to stay in the country. Other than Mexico, they re allowed to stay in the country. And that is why so many are coming. It s not the law that s on the books, but the policies that are being carried out at our border. This is not how the immigration system was intended to work, it s not how the immigration system must work, this is a lawless policy and it has to be ended.So today s hearing will focus on a central claim the Obama Administration makes to excuse its lawless immigration policies   namely that limited resources compelled the implementation of its lawless immigration policies. We will also assess the impact of this lawlessness on the integrity, the very moral foundation of our immigration system. If it s not properly executed and carried out, it has no integrity and it lacks morality.This Administration for too long has been trying to hide from the American people the true nature of what it has been doing. Today, we will set the record straight. Efficiency, effectiveness, and productivity are essential in this government. The taxpayers don t spend money for ICE and the border patrol to have supervisors somehow keep the officers from doing their duty. Accountability is critical. Congress has a duty to ensure accountability of the agencies it supervises, and that is what we will do today. ",0
16603,A YOUNG FATHER EXPLAINS SOCIALISM To His 10 Year Old Son…A MUST Read For Every American,"The discussion Bret Stephens had with his 10 year old son, is one every parent should be having with the very generation who has the most to lose if socialism really is implemented in America. As parents, we re asked countless times by our children to explain ghosts, scary shadows on the walls, or some other imagined childhood fear. How many times however, do our children ask us to explain something that every American should truly fear? How many times do we have the opportunity to explain the reality of Socialism to our children?  We Applaud Bret Stephens of the Wall Street Journal for the brilliant way he explained Socialism to his son. We thank him for sharing it with his readers.Noah, my 10-year-old son, was reading over my shoulder a powerful story about the state of medicine in Venezuela by Nick Casey in Sunday s New York Times. We scrolled through images of filthy operating rooms, broken incubators and desperate patients lying in pools of blood, dying for lack of such basics as antibiotics. Dad, why are the hospitals like this? Socialism. What s socialism? I told him it s an economic system in which the government seizes and runs industries, sets prices for goods, and otherwise dictates what you can and cannot do with your money, and therefore your life. He received my answer with the abstracted interest you d expect if I had been describing atmospheric conditions on Uranus.Here s what I wish I had said: Socialism is a mental poison that leads to human misery of the sort you see in these wrenching pictures.The lesson seems all the more necessary when discredited ideologies are finding new champions in high places. When Venezuelan President Hugo Ch vez died in 2013, an obscure U.K. parliamentarian tweeted,  Thanks Hugo Chavez for showing that the poor matter and wealth can be shared. He made massive contributions to Venezuela & a very wide world. The parliamentarian was Jeremy Corbyn, now leader of the Labour Party.Up north, Naomi Klein, Canada s second-most unpleasant export, treated Ch vez as heroically leading the resistance to the forces of dreaded neoliberalism. Jimmy Carter mourned Ch vez for  his bold assertion of autonomy and independence for Latin American governments and for his formidable communication skills and personal connection with supporters in his country and abroad to whom he gave hope and empowerment. There are lesser names to add to this roll call of dishonor  Michael Moore, Sean Penn but you get the point:  Democratic socialism  had no shortage of prominent Western cheerleaders as it set Venezuela on its road to hyperinflation, hyper-criminality, water shortages, beer shortages, electricity blackouts, political repression and national collapse. Ch vez and his successor, Nicol s Maduro, gained prestige and legitimacy from these paladins of the left. They are complicit in Venezuela s agony.And so to the U.S. election, specifically the resolutely undead presidential candidacy of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. The Sanders campaign is no stranger to accusations that its brand of leftism is cut from the same cloth that produced Chavismo. Yesterday, one of Hillary Clinton s most prominent Super PACs attacked our campaign pretty viciously,  Mr. Sanders complained in September, noting that they  tried to link me to a dead communist dictator. The senator protests too much. As mayor of Burlington, Vt., in the 1980s, he boasted of conducting his own foreign policy, including sister-city relations with Puerto Cabezas in Nicaragua and Yaroslavl in the Soviet Union. On a 1985 trip to Nicaragua, he lavished praise on Daniel Ortega s communist regime Chavismo s older cousin. In terms of health care, in terms of education, in terms of land reform . . . nobody denies they [the Sandinistas] are making significant progress in those areas,  then-Mayor Sanders told one interviewer in 1985.  And I think people understand that and I think the people of Nicaragua, the poor people, respect that. If Mr. Sanders ever rethought or recanted those views, I m not aware of it.But the point isn t what Mr. Sanders may have thought of the Sandinistas in the 1980s or the Chavistas in the past decade. It s that the type of socialism that the senator espouses $18 trillion in additional government spending over the next decade, accusations that Wall Street is a criminal enterprise and the continuous demonization of  millionaires and billionaires is not all that different from its South American cousins.Democratic socialism whether Chavez s or Sanders s is legalized theft in the name of the people against the vilified few. It is a battle against income inequality by means of collective immiseration. It is the subjugation of private enterprise and personal autonomy to government power. Mr. Sanders promises to pursue his aims on the Scandinavian model, as if that was a success, and as if Americans are Scandinavians. It wasn t. We aren t. Bernie s Way paves the same road to serfdom that socialism does everywhere.That s a fact Americans might have learned after the Berlin Wall fell in 1989. We didn t. Take the time to tell your kids what socialism is, and does, before they too feel the Bern.Via: Wall Street Journal",0
16604,HOW BAD IS IT IN VENEZUELA? Socialism’s Endgame Sucks!,How bad is it in Venezuela? People are eating one meal a day and the government is doing its best to cover up the humanitarian crisis. We know about the toilet paper shortage but a food shortage is horrific. The lines for pretty much everything have been very long. There s a shortage of everything. The bottom line is that SOCIALISM SUCKS! ,0
16605,"PUTIN Threatens To Release 20,000 “Top Secret” Emails From Hillary…Why Judge Napolitano Says This Is Very Bad News For Hillary [VIDEO]","Putin may be the one person Obama has absolutely no influence over. With Obama unable to use his Chicago thug-like political tactics on Putin, could this finally be the end of Hillary Clinton s career in politics? Hillary Clinton sits at the center of a raging firestorm concerning her arrangement of a private email account and server set up in her home   from which top secret information may have been deleted. But despite Bernie Sanders  apparent annoyance with the  damn emails,  the scandal just exponentially intensified, when Judge Andrew Napolitano revealed on Monday that Russia has possession of around 20,000 of Clinton s emails   leaving open the possibility her deletions might not have been permanent after all. There s a debate going on in the Kremlin between the Foreign Ministry and the Intelligence Services about whether they should release the 20,000 of Mrs. Clinton s emails that they have hacked into,  Napolitano told Fox News  Megyn Kelly in an interview for The Kelly File.https://youtu.be/oounggTI-jkWith Clinton s repeated claims she employed the personal email server only for mundane communications and non-sensitive State matters having been proven outright lies, the deletions of 31,830 emails   in the new context of Napolitano s statement   have suddenly become remarkably relevant.As the FBI investigation of Hillary Clinton s questionable email practices deepens, the question of who had access to what information previously located on the former secretary of state s server is now more critical than ever.One such individual, Romanian hacker Guccifer, who was abruptly extradited to the United States, revealed he had easily and repeatedly accessed Clinton s personal server   and he wasn t the only one. For me, it was easy,  the hacker, whose given name is Marcel Lehel Lazar, exclusively told Fox News;  easy for me, for everybody. If Guccifer and Napolitano are right, Russia may, indeed, have possession of highly-sensitive information courtesy of Clinton s arrogant failure to adhere to the obligation to use a government email account during her tenure as secretary   a situation worsened by the now-mendacious claim no sensitive information had been sent through the personal account.In fact, if Guccifer is to be believed   as his extradition by the U.S. indicates   news of the Kremlin having obtained potentially top-secret material may be the tip of a gargantuan iceberg. Using a readily available program, the Romanian hacker also claimed he observed  up to 10, like, IPs from other parts of the world  during sessions on Clinton s personal server. If just one of those unknown parties was connected to Russia, who the other nine might be could be central to the FBI s decision whether or not to charge Clinton for mishandling classified information.Adding yet another nail in the coffin case against Hillary on Thursday, the Hill reported conservative watchdog Judicial Watch revealed, pursuant to a Freedom of Information Act request, frustration with technical difficulties in obtaining a secure phone line led the secretary to direct a top aide to abandon the effort and call her without the necessary security in place. I give up. Call me on my home [number],  Clinton wrote in a February 2009 email from the newly-released batch   on the also notoriously unsecured server   to then-chief of staff, Cheryl Mills.Via: Zero Hedge",0
16606,ALARMING: 22% OF REFUGEES In Minnesota Test POSITIVE For TB,"Nothing to see here. Just keep flying them in, our FREE tax-payer funded Healthcare system will take care of them at least the ones who are willing to submit to the rigorous treatments required to cure the dangerous disease TB is an airborne infectious disease caused by bacteria that spreads through the air, person to person, when someone coughs or sneezes. One in three people worldwide have latent TB, according to the World Health Organization. In the United States, up to 13 million people have been exposed to TB and could develop the disease.Every year, tuberculosis claims 1.5 million lives worldwide and 500 to 600 in this country. Tuberculosis (TB) has surpassed HIV as the leading cause of death from infectious disease worldwide,  the Minnesota Department of Health reports.One of every five refugees resettled in Minnesota by the federal government tested positive for latent tuberculosis in 2014, according to the state s Department of Health. Only 4 percent of the general population in the United States tested positive for latent tuberculosis in the most recent report provided by the Centers for Disease Control.The April 2016 edition of the Refugee Health Quarterly, published by the Minnesota Department of Health reports that:Minnesota had 150 cases of TB in 2015, compared to 147 cases in 2014 (a 2 percent increase). The most common risk factor for TB cases in Minnesota is being from a country where TB is common.TB screening is offered to all refugees during the domestic refugee health exam.In 2014, 22 percent of refugees screened tested positive for LTBI (latent tuberculosis infection).26 percent of all foreign born cases of tuberculosis in Minnesota were from people born in Somalia. Somalians almost exclusively enter the state through the refugee resettlement program.More than 70,000 refugees have been resettled in the United States annually for the past three decades by the federal government. It s not just tuberculosis being brought in by these resettled refugees. Measles, whooping cough, diptheria, and other diseases that were on their way to eradication are also coming in across the borders of the United States.A recent outbreak of measles in Memphis, Tennessee, a center for refugee resettlement, began at a local mosque, as Breitbart News reported previously.The alarming public health report from Minnesota comes on the heels of news from the Centers for Disease Control that in 2015, the incidence of tuberculosis in the United States increased. Data from 2015 show that the number of TB cases has increased (by 1.7 percent) nationally [in the United States] for the first time in 23 years, with a total of 9,563 TB cases reported,  the Minnesota Department of Health reports.As the Star Tribune, Minnesota s largest daily newspaper, reports:The CDC is still trying to determine the reason for the uptick.The goal set by the CDC, in 1989, of eliminating TB by 2010   defined as less than one case in a million people   remains elusive. Even if the trend of declining cases had continued, the United States would not have eliminated TB by the end of this century, the CDC said. We are not yet certain why TB incidence has leveled off, but we do know it indicates the need for a new, expanded approach to TB elimination,  said Dr. Philip LoBue, director of the CDC s Division of Tuberculosis Elimination, in an email.A dual approach is needed: continue to find and treat cases of disease and evaluate their contacts, as well as identify and evaluate other high-risk persons for latent TB infection, he said.There may be a positive correlation between the increase in the number of refugees resettled in the United States during this period and the sudden increase in the incidence of tuberculosis, a disease that many thought was on the path to eradication in the United States.As the Centers for Disease Control report:In 2014, a total of 66% of reported TB cases in the United States occurred among foreign-born persons. The case rate among foreign-born persons (15.4 cases per 100,000 persons) in 2014 was approximately 13 times higher than among U.S.-born persons (1.2 cases per 100,000 persons). Today four states   California, New York, Texas and Florida   have more than half the nation s active TB cases, though they have only a third of the country s population. The four states have the highest numbers of foreign-born residents,  according to the Star Tribune.A person with latent tuberculosis is not infectious and does not have symptoms of the disease. A person with active tuberculosis is infectious and has symptoms of the disease.Ten percent of those with latent tuberculosis develop active tuberculosis if not treated, according to the World Health Organization.As the Star Tribune reports: Tuberculosis is airborne and can be spread when a person active tuberculosis coughs, sneezes, or otherwise transmits the infection to a previously uninfected individual.Treatment for tuberculosis is long and expensive. If caught early, it typically takes about nine months for a person with active tuberculosis to improve to latent tuberculosis. Not everyone diagnosed with active tuberculosis, however, improves. Mortality rates for those with active tuberculosis are much higher than health professionals would like, even in the United States.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
16607,SINS OF SOCIALISM…Doctors Pumping Air Into Infants Lungs By Hand…No Antibiotics…Children Die In Filthy Venezuelan Hospitals,"Only the strongest will survive in the dog-eat-dog world of Socialism. This is the result of a society that believed the government is more capable of running their lives than they are. This is Bernie s world. This is the reality of the utopia Bernie has been promising his supporters. These are the same policies Hillary is promising she ll support if she s able to escape federal prosecution before the election. By morning, three newborns were already dead.The day had begun with the usual hazards: chronic shortages of antibiotics, intravenous solutions, even food. Then a blackout swept over the city, shutting down the respirators in the maternity ward.Doctors kept ailing infants alive by pumping air into their lungs by hand for hours. By nightfall, four more newborns had died. The death of a baby is our daily bread,  said Dr. Osleidy Camejo, a surgeon in the nation s capital, Caracas, referring to the toll from Venezuela s collapsing hospitals.The economic crisis in this country has exploded into a public health emergency, claiming the lives of untold numbers of Venezuelans. It is just part of a larger unraveling here that has become so severe it has prompted President Nicol s Maduro to impose a state of emergency and has raised fears of a government collapse.Hospital wards have become crucibles where the forces tearing Venezuela apart have converged. Gloves and soap have vanished from some hospitals. Often, cancer medicines are found only on the black market. There is so little electricity that the government works only two days a week to save what energy is left.At the University of the Andes Hospital in the mountain city of M rida, there was not enough water to wash blood from the operating table. Doctors preparing for surgery cleaned their hands with bottles of seltzer water. It is like something from the 19th century,  said Dr. Christian Pino, a surgeon at the hospital.The figures are devastating. The rate of death among babies under a month old increased more than a hundredfold in public hospitals run by the Health Ministry, to just over 2 percent in 2015 from 0.02 percent in 2012, according to a government report provided by lawmakers.The rate of death among new mothers in those hospitals increased by almost five times in the same period, according to the report.This nation has the largest oil reserves in the world, yet the government saved little money for hard times when oil prices were high. Now that prices have collapsed   they are around a third what they were in 2014   the consequences are casting a destructive shadow across the country. Lines for food, long a feature of life in Venezuela, now erupt into looting. The bol var, the country s currency, is nearly worthless.The crisis is aggravated by a political feud between Venezuela s leftists, who control the presidency, and their rivals in congress. The president s opponents declared a humanitarian crisis in January, and this month passed a law that would allow Venezuela to accept international aid to prop up the health care system. This is criminal that we can sit in a country with this much oil, and people are dying for lack of antibiotics,  says Oneida Guaipe, a lawmaker and former hospital union leader.But Mr. Maduro, who succeeded Hugo Ch vez, went on television and rejected the effort, describing the move as a bid to undermine him and privatize the hospital system. I doubt that anywhere in the world, except in Cuba, there exists a better health system than this one,  Mr. Maduro said.For entire story: NYT sMuch like the drooling college students who are turning out by the tens of thousands to  Bernie Sanders rally s in the United States, the citizens of Venezuela elected the controversial Nicolas Maduro as their president, and now they are paying a very heavy price.  BBC  While he lacks the magnetism followers of Mr Chavez attributed to the late president, he is a commanding figure in Venezuela, and not just because of his stature of (6ft 3in).Derided as a poor copy of his mentor, Mr Maduro has not been ousted by the opposition or by rivals in his own party, as some had predicted when he was elected in April 2013.However, he has failed to win over the opposition after sticking very closely to the fiery rhetoric of Mr Chavez.Tough stance His government s tough approach to mass anti-government protests in the first half of 2014 and the jailing of thousands of demonstrators prompted criticism from human rights groups and sanctions from the United States.His opponents paint him as a ruthless despot who detains his political rivals on overly harsh charges pressed by a judiciary under his party s control, while his followers say he is protecting the country from another coup.But with oil prices plummeting below $50 ( 33) a barrel, Mr Maduro s approval rating has been falling, too.Venezuela s economy is almost entirely reliant on its oil exports and the president is facing a severe economic crisis as well as a hostile opposition.And with financing for the government s generous social programs in jeopardy, some are questioning how committed those who voted for Mr Maduro really are to the socialist cause and their leader. ",0
16608,"SECRET GOVERNMENT SURVEILLANCE Program In Public Spaces EXPOSED: “They put microphones under rocks, they put microphones in trees” [VIDEO]","Imagine standing at a bus stop, talking to your friend and having your conversation recorded Hidden microphones that are part of a clandestine government surveillance program that has been operating around the Bay Area has been exposed.Imagine standing at a bus stop, talking to your friend and having your conversation recorded without you knowing. It happens all the time, and the FBI doesn t even need a warrant to do it.Federal agents are planting microphones to secretly record conversations.Jeff Harp, a KPIX 5 security analyst and former FBI special agent said,  They put microphones under rocks, they put microphones in trees, they plant microphones in equipment. I mean, there s microphones that are planted in places that people don t think about, because that s the intent! FBI agents hid microphones inside light fixtures and at a bus stop outside the Oakland Courthouse without a warrant to record conversations, between March 2010 and January 2011.Federal authorities are trying to prove real estate investors in San Mateo and Alameda counties are guilty of bid rigging and fraud and used these recordings as evidence.Harp said,  An agent can t just go out and grab a recording device and plant it somewhere without authorization from a supervisor or special agent in charge. The lawyer for one of the accused real estate investors who will ask the judge to throw out the recordings, told KPIX 5 News that,  Speaking in a public place does not mean that the individual has no reasonable expectation of privacy private communication in a public place qualifies as a protected  oral communication  and therefore may not be intercepted without judicial authorization. Harp says that if you re going to conduct criminal activity, do it in the privacy of your own home. He says that was the original intention of the Fourth Amendment, but it s up to the judge to interpret it. Via: SF CBS Global",0
16609,[Video] DUMB AND DUMBER Star BASHES TRUMP…Use Worst Examples Of Female Leaders To PROMOTE Hillary,"Jeff Daniels channels his role as ACN s  Will McAvoy  from HBO s  The Newsroom  to respond to question about Trump vs Hillary. The only problem with Daniels answer is, he s using two embarrassingly incompetent female leaders in current times to support his belief that America is  ready  for a woman (Hillary) President.In the video, actor Jeff Daniels mentions German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Germany has lost their patience with  open borders  Merkel, as she continues to put citizens of Germany at risk by allowing over 1 million mostly male, Muslim refugees to flood the nation of Germany. A poll published on Tuesday shows that just under two-thirds of Germans do not want Merkel to run for office again in elections next year.  He also references Brazil s female President Dilma Rousseff as a  success  story that America should look at when considering electing a female President. Here s the latest breaking story on Brazil s female President: Brazil s once-lauded model of leftist government appeared to come to an abrupt end Thursday, when lawmakers suspended President Dilma Rousseff in an extraordinary repudiation of her administration and the Workers  Party that has ruled the country for 13 years.Vice President Michel Temer quickly assumed control of Latin America s largest country, signaling that he will take Brazil in a more free-market-friendly direction in an attempt to shore up its sagging economy and win over a skeptical public. A member of the centrist PMDB party, Temer introduced a conservative-leaning, all-male cabinet Thursday that swings Brazil toward the right.Hey Jeff, thanks for proving to your fans that you re really not acting in your  Dumb and Dumber  movies:For anyone who thinks Jeff Daniels is just  acting  in the video above, watch Daniels share his views on our Second Amendment with over-the-top gun-control advocate Piers Morgan here:",0
16610,CONSERVATIVE LEADER Sends Stern Message To Mitt Romney: Go Home And Be Quiet! [Video],"Matt Schlapp, the leader of the American Conservative Union, slammed Mitt Romney for his continued attacks on GOP nominee Donald Trump. ",0
16611,22 LATINOS ARRESTED In Largest Food Stamp Fraud Bust In History…Here’s How They Did It,"This HUGE arrest by the FBI is proof that we need to end the food stamp program as it is now. The fraud is so rampant that even illegals are making millions off of the program and off of the backs of the American taxpayer. We ve reported on way too many immigrants who have robbed the American people by doing the same thing these 22 latinos did. One particular case is of a woman who robbed us all blind of $3.6 million with her food stamp fraud:IMMIGRANT Ghanaian Woman Pleads Guilty To $3.6 Million in Food Stamp Fraud Media Ignores Her Immigrant StatusYET ANOTHER CASE:ALABAMA FRAUD: FOOD STAMPS TO CASH SENT TO YEMENHopefully, you get the picture legal AND illegal immigrants are coming to America to rob you blind! The bust from Operation Stampede/Cash Hungry in Florida involved more than $13 million in fraudulent food-stamp transactions and could be the largest food stamp bust in the nation s history. The Palm Beach County Sheriff s Office, state and federal law enforcement conducted a joint identity theft investigation involving obtaining SNAP EBT cards with the stolen identities. According to the sheriff s office, the fraudulently obtained EBT cards were taken to the Opa Locka Flea Market where the SNAP(food stamp or EBT) benefits allocated to them were exchanged for cash. Twenty two people have been charged with crimes.Opa-locka Fruit and Produce Market didn t just sell fruits and vegetables.Instead, owners Karla Rodriguez Diaz and Luis Marzo Machado allegedly used their produce market inside the Opa-locka Hialeah Flea Market to bilk the government out of $2.4 million, Wifredo A. Ferrer, the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Florida, said Wednesday.Diaz and Machado were two of 22 people charged in 15 cases Wednesday in  Operation Stampede,  organized to bust business owners and their employees who allowed customers to use their government-issued EBT food stamp card as a means to get cash, in exchange for a cut. In total, Ferrer said there were more than $13 million in fraudulent food stamp transactions stemming from markets throughout South Florida, the largest food stamp fraud take-down in U.S. history. These retailers are flagrantly abusing the public trust by stealing millions of dollars from the federal food stamp program that is intended to provide low-income households with their needed basic provisions of food and nutrition,  Ferrer said.He said the stores   mostly in Opa-locka Hialeah Flea Market   would ring up food, but the customer  rarely  left with anything. They would leave with cash, and the owner would pocket a cut. Ferrer said the scheme involved thousands of SNAP   Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program   recipients.Commercial for Flea Market: In total, 15 people were arrested Tuesday and Wednesday, when police raided the flea market. Seven of the 22 people indicted are still at large, Ferrer said.Flea market vendor Felix Lanza told Miami Herald news partner CBS4 that he had no idea what was going on:  Thank God, we don t do that. Jack Heacock, director of the Florida Division of Public Assistance Fraud, said the arrests were only the beginning. Those people who received the money will likely be sanctioned, he said.The defendants, all of whom were authorized to accept food stamps, face charges of wire fraud, conspiracy to commit wire fraud and food stamp/EBT fraud, according to the indictments. They face up to 20 years in prison and five years for food stamp fraud:  Karla Rodriguez Diaz, 28, owns Opa Locka Fruit and Produce Market, LLC, at the Opa-locka Hialeah Flea Market, 12705 NW 42nd Ave. Diaz and Luis Marzo Machado, 30, redeemed over $2.4 million in food stamps between August 2014 and March 2016.  Pedro Sanchez Barrero, 26, owns Pedro Produce in the flea market. Barrero, along with Antonia Barrero, 48, racked up about $2 million.  Diocenila Castro, 49, of Miami, owns Castro Produce in the flea market. From November 2014 through March 2016, Castro redeemed over $1.5 million.  Matias Jose Ramirez, 37, of Miami and Jorge Saladrigas Milian, 56, of Opa-locka, own Ramirez Produce and Jorge Produce in the flea market. From April 2014 through March 2016, they redeemed about $1.5 million.  Reinaldo Arteaga, 62, of Miami Gardens owns Arteaga Produce in the flea market. Arteaga and Luisdian Hernandez Gonzalez, 22, redeemed over $1.2 million between August 2014 and March 2016.  Zulfiqar Mithavayani, 51, of Miramar, owns ABC Food Market, 163 NW 14th St., and Jamal Al-Hawa, 60, of Davie, redeemed over $1.1 million beginning in March 2013.  Maikel Manuel Riviaux, 42, of Hialeah, owns a seafood market, Pucho Fish Market, 2060 NW Opa-locka Blvd. From May 2015 through March 2016, Riviaux and his co-conspirators (who were not named) redeemed about $1 million at the fish and flea markets.  Jose Antonio Gonzalez, 45, of Miami Gardens owns a seafood delivery route business, Los Corticos Fish Corp., 3310 NW 171st Terr. Between May 2015 and May 2016, Gonzalez and Noraida Pi Figueroa, 40, of Miami Gardens, redeemed about $1 million.  Rafael Gonzalez Cuellar, 54, of Opa-locka owns Cuellar Produce Corp. in the flea market. Between January 2015 and May 2016, Cuellar and Luis Casola Rojas, 43, of Hialeah redeemed over $900,000.  Katia Nunez Landeiro, 35, of Miami, owns Katy Produce in the flea market. Landeiro redeemed over $700,000 between July 2014 and March 2015.  Idaysi Landeiro Reyes, 47, of Miami Gardens, owns Landeiro Produce in the flea market. Reyes and Javier Gallardo Gonzalez, 47, of Miami Gardens redeemed over $600,000 from July 2015 through March 2016.  Nelson Chico, 59, of Hialeah, owns Rey Produce in the flea market. Chico and Luisdian Hernandez Gonzalez, 22, who was also charged in another of these cases, redeemed over $600,000.  Fernando Fernandez Garcia, 33, of Miami, owns Santa Cruz Shark in the flea market. Garcia redeemed over $500,000 from December 2014 to March 2016.  Luis Casola Rojas, 43, of Hialeah, owns Casola Produce in the flea market. Rojas was also charged in another of these cases. Rojas redeemed over $380,000 from October 2015 through March 2016.  Angelo Socarras, 37, of Hialeah, owns Angelo Produce in the flea market. Socarras redeemed approximately $190,000 from October 2015 through March 2016.Read more: Miami Herald",0
16612,UNREAL! BENGHAZI LIAR SUSAN RICE Shows Her Radical Racist Roots With This Outrageous Comment About National Security,"You just can t make this stuff up we have a National Security Adviser who believes our national security is compromised because there are too many white people in government. Unreal! This is coming from a woman who went on 5 Sunday morning talk shows and lied to the American people about what happened in Benghazi.SHE S ONE TO TALK ABOUT PUTTING OUR SECURITY AT RISK   HER TRACK RECORD ISN T SO GREAT: SUSAN RICE HAD A STRING OF FAILURES IN AFRICA BEFORE BENGHAZI:From 1995 to 1997, Rice served as Special Assistant to President Bill Clinton and senior director for African Affairs at the NSC at the White House.The Daily Caller:  U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice, reportedly the leading contender to be President Barack Obama s next national security adviser, failed during the 1990s to prevent unnecessary deaths in Rwanda, provide adequate security prior to the bombings of the embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, or deal effectively with Robert Mugabe s dictatorship in Zimbabwe.A former State Department military adviser to Africa thought Rice s  inexperience  caused President Bill Clinton s feckless response to the Rwandan genocide when she served as National Security Council director for International Organizations and Peacekeeping. And documents sent to The Daily Caller from the National Legal and Policy Center show Rice failed to take seriously repeated Islamist threats against the U.S. embassies in the prelude to deadly bomb attacks. This woman has ZERO credibility and is a true racist who would be tossed out of her job if she were white and said government was too black. Furthermore, she s giving a commencement speech and she s politicizing it!SUSAN RICE FELT STUDENTS SHOULD BE REQUIRED TO TAKE BLACK HISTORY: In a 1986 book by U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice, the future diplomat argued for the aggressive inclusion of a black history curriculum in American schools, claiming that its omission had  crippling effects  by  providing a child with no more than   a white interpretation of reality. She s yet another one of Obama s minions with a radical racist past who s pushing the Obama agenda of a  fundamental transformation . Rice attended Stanford University and was a black radical back in the day is anyone surprised by this? Probably not In a White House often accused of being stacked with loyalists, President Obama s national security adviser said Wednesday there are too many white people in key government posts, endangering national security because they think alike.Speaking at Florida International University s commencement, Susan E. Rice, who is black, said a diversified government workforce is more likely to yield  better outcomes  than a predominantly white one.Referring to criticism that the U.S. national security workforce is  white, male and Yale,  Ms. Rice told the graduates,  In the halls of power, in the faces of our national security leaders, America is still not fully reflected. By now, we should all know the dangers of  groupthink,  where folks who are alike often think alike,  she said.  By contrast, groups comprised of different people tend to question one another s assumptions, draw on divergent perspectives and experiences, and yield better outcomes. Her comments were reminiscent of Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who said in a speech in 2001, before Mr. Obama appointed her to the high court,  I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life. Ms. Rice elaborated in her speech on how having more minorities in the national security field would better protect the homeland.Read more: WT",0
16613,WHY OBAMA’S LAWSUIT AGAINST NC Is Really About The Jack-Boot Of Government On America’s Throats,"Obama is clearly attempting to strip Americans of our right to express our opinions on social issues based on our religion or morals. Americans have found themselves in a scary place, where we are remaining silent when we know we should be speaking out, because we re afraid of being shamed by the progressive Left. Meanwhile the Left continues to blur the lines of morality, hoping that they will erase all individual thought and speech.In a communist society, the individual s best interests are indistinguishable from the society s best interest. Thus, the idea of an individual freedom is incompatible with a communist ideology. The only reason to hold individual speech and information rights would be to better the society. Some of us care little about the debate over public bathrooms. We do, however, care about the ongoing destruction of federalism, individual choice, and good-faith debate.One reliable way to quash dissent and force moral codes on others is to liken your cause to that of the civil rights fight. Every liberal issue is situated somewhere on the great historical arc of  equality  and  justice.  If a person stands against even one of these causes which were once great but are increasingly trivial they have, according to the cultural imperialists of the Obama administration, aligned themselves with the Klan. Literally.After U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announced that the Department of Justice had filed a federal lawsuit to stop North Carolina from passing a  controversial law this is the go-to characterization of conservative bills that pass with healthy majorities requiring transgender people to use public bathrooms matching their birth certificate, she had this to say:This is not the first time that we have seen discriminatory responses to historic moments of progress for our nation. We saw it in the Jim Crow laws that followed the Emancipation Proclamation; we saw it in the fierce and widespread resistance to Brown v. Board of Education; and we saw it in the proliferation of state bans on same-sex unions that were intended to stifle any hope that gay and lesbian Americans might one day be afforded the right to marry.Likening a spat over biologically segregated boy/girl bathrooms to the genuine, violent, systematic, state-sponsored, society-wide bigotry that took place in this country for a century is both intellectually and morally corrupt. It s not all a continuum. Yet this administration peddles these kinds of risible comparisons in the cause of self-aggrandizement all the time. Hans Fiene has coined it Selma envy.The present situation is significantly different, and in every possible sense less dire. It is the sort of social problem generally worked out amongst people in this country without unelected civil rights commissions punishing business owners for thought crimes. Under North Carolina s law no one was stopping a private company or coffee shop or big box store from having any kind of bathroom set-up they desire. I m pretty sure most voters don t comprehend this fact when they hear the distorted coverage of these laws in the news.North Carolina and other states have preemptively moved forward with these kinds to bills to head off the state redefining gender. Too late. The fact is that the federal government can simply announce that a man can be a woman and vice versa if they choose. It then compels everyone in country to accept this reality. Yet there is no government definition of what transgendered means, other self-identification, which can mean anything.  Civil Rights  Division Chief Vanita Gupta says:  Transgender men are men.   Transgender women are women.  So sayeth Vanita Gupta, so sayeth we all. Or else. And now 300 million people have adhere to the Obama administration s relativistic notions about nature and gender.Now, from what I can gather the central anxiety of many people is not that the transgendered will take advantage of their children, but that any man can simply declare himself a woman, put on a wig, and go into a public bathroom. Maybe it s an irrational fear, maybe it s not. As a father who s had to send young daughters into busy public bathrooms, I know one thing for sure: I could not care less what Vanita Gupta has to say on the topic.In a broader sense, the suit is symbolic of the federal government s eight-year crusade to decimate any semblance of federalism and streamline progressive morality. The administration ignores state laws that conflict with federal policy when it approves and it sues states when it does not. States that pass law enforcement bills President Obama finds unsatisfactory will see the full force of the Justice Department come down on them. Those with drug legalization laws and immigration laws he does like, even if they conflict with federal law, have nothing to worry about. Whether one agrees in theory with these moves and I am liberal on drug legalization and immigration allowing Washington to selectively enforce law conflicts with the kind of republicanism that allows us to be diverse and deal with unique problems locally.For entire story: The Federalist",0
16614,UNREAL! HILLARY CLINTON Plays Dumb On The High Cost Of Obamacare [Video],"At a campaign event Hillary Clinton talked to a small business owner who has been hit hard by Obamacare. The health insurance for her family has risen dramatically, and after babbling her final thought was  I don t understand.  Seriously, nothing like playing dumb about the biggest, worst piece of legislation unloaded on the American people in decades.  A $400 increase, assuming you didn t have some terrible healthcare event, which it doesn t sound like you did,  Clinton said at a campaign event in Virginia.  I don t understand.  ",0
16615,STATE DEPARTMENT COVERUP: Reporter Questions Missing Video Potentially Showing Iran Deal Deception Was a ‘Glitch’,The deception was really a  Glitch Sure! ,0
16616,"BERNIE’S WORLD: SOCIALISM Forces Venezuelans to Eat Dogs, Cats And Birds, “We are hungry”","Take a good hard look America this is Bernie s utopia. The economic climate is so bad in Venezuela today that people are eating cats, dogs and pigeons.The Panama Post reported, via Townhall:Ram n Muchacho, Mayor of Chacao in Caracas, said the streets of the capital of Venezuela are filled with people killing animals for food.Through Twitter, Muchacho reported that in Venezuela, it is a  painful reality  that people  hunt cats, dogs and pigeons  to ease their hunger.People are also reportedly gathering vegetables from the ground and trash to eat as well.The crisis in Venezuela is worsening everyday due in part to shortages reaching 70 percent. This to go along with the world s highest level of inflation.The population s desperation has begun to show, with looting and robberies for food increasing all the time. This Sunday, May 1, six Venezuelan military officials were arrested for stealing goats to ease their hunger, as there was no food at the Fort Manaure military base.I'd like just one, principled ""journalist"" to ask Bernie Sanders ""What went wrong in Venezuela https://t.co/WSbj4g9Uuo @realDonaldTrump   In God I Trust  (@InGodIDoTrust) May 10, 2016The week before, various regions of the country saw widespread looting of shopping malls, pharmacies, supermarkets and food trucks, all while people chanted  we are hungry. Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
16617,BREAKING: FLINT’S DEMOCRAT MAYOR SUED After Whistleblower Rats Her Out For STEALING DONATIONS Meant For Residents,"Democrats looking for attention and along with every celebrity who has been able to find their way to the burned out city of Flint, MI have all jumped on the  It s all Michigan s Republican Governor Snyder s fault  bandwagon. In reality, there has been plenty of blame to go around. Obama s EPA Director, Gina McCarthy has plenty of culpability when it comes to the involvement of her EPA officials and the cover up of the Flint water crisis. In the end however, it s never about the people of Flint, it s about saving the hides of the inept political officials who allowed this crisis to happen. Flint Lives really don t Matter to greedy politicians like Hillary Clinton, who have used the horrible misfortune of Flint residents to gain trust and votes in the black community.Will anyone remember Hillary s support for black Democrat Mayor Karen Weaver, who is now being accused of STEALING money from charitable donations (that should have been used to support the people who are suffering in the community where she was elected) and putting it into her own campaign fund?The Flint water crisis has triggered yet another lawsuit, this one filed by the city s former administrator, who claims she was wrongfully fired for blowing the whistle on the mayor of Flint for allegedly trying to steer money from a charity for local families into a campaign fund.Former City Administrator Natasha Henderson, 39, who now lives in Muskegon, claims in a lawsuit filed today in U.S. District Court that she was terminated on Feb. 12 for seeking an investigation into allegations of misconduct by Flint Mayor Karen Weaver.Specifically, the suit alleges that Weaver directed a city employee and volunteer to steer donors away from a charity called Safe Water/Safe Homes, and instead give money to the so-called  Karenabout Flint  fund, which was a political action committee or campaign fund created at Weaver s direction.According to the lawsuit, a city employee told Henderson in confidence that she and a volunteer had previously been directing donors to the City of Flint s website, where they could give money to the Safe Water/Safe Homes charity, which helped families affected by the water crisis. But Weaver directed them to steer donors to the  Karenabout Flint  website, which the city council had not approved, the suit claims. A red flag went off when it was an unrecognizable fund,  Henderson s lawyer, Katherine Smith Kennedy, told the Free Press.  She did the right thing. She reported the matter to the city attorney. And for doing the right thing, she was punished. She was fired. The lawsuit names the City of Flint and Weaver as defendants.For entire story: Detroit Free Press",0
16618,WHOA! ROCK LEGEND Roger Daltrey Rips EU For “Raping” Southern European Countries With IMMIGRATION Nightmare,"WHO knew legendary rocker Roger Daltrey was such a patriotic guy? The Who s lead singer, Roger Daltrey feels very strongly about what s happening with the dysfunctional EU and he s making sure everyone knows how he feels about  the leaders who ve pushed immigration at the peril of the citizens.Roger Daltrey wants Britain to quit the  undemocratic, highly dysfunctional  EU which he claims is  raping  southern European countries.The Who frontman backed Brexit in an exclusive interview with The Sun, labelling our membership a  disaster .The legendary rocker said:  The only way we re going to get the Europe that we want is to get rid of this bunch of f***ing useless w***ers that are running it. He said it was  set up by a bunch of crooks , adding:  It s like these things on the internet where they tell you to read the conditions   no one s going to bloody read the conditions! But that s how they did this, we all thought we were voting for a common trade area. Blasting the impact on our own sovereignty he said:  What it s done to our Parliament is put them down to level of Parish Council. Hitting out at the unnecessary layers of Government it has created, he added:  Because there are so many politicians we get so much useless f***ing law. Attacking the way the EU has impacted on people s lives, he said:  That s the biggest issue for me, it s undemocratic, highly dysfunctional, I mean you name me one area of Europe that s functioning really well at the moment. They talk about the immigration thing being the number one issue and I think it is a big issue for our country because we are an island. But no one talks about the other side of that immigration issue   which is the fact that all those southern European countries have been robbed of their youth, the countries have been raped. Their youth have had to leave to get work, so how are they going to rebuild their futures? Read more: The SunWill anyone ever forget the passionate performance   Roger Daltrey gave in NYC at the Garden to show his support for America right after 9/11? His legendary band played for the first responders. Here s a clip from the 9/11 show just in case you didn t see it: PART ONE: ",0
16619,POLITICAL HACK LORETTA LYNCH Called Out By Dr. Ben Carson On NC “Bathroom” Law [Video],"DR BEN CARSON gives his take on Loretta Lynch calling the North Carolina bathroom law controversy like Jim Crow:  Everything is like Jim Crow. Everything is like racism and segregation and slavery. What a bunch of crap. You know, they want to do that so that they can always gain the sympathy, but thinking people know better. LORETTA LYNCH ANNOUNCES A LAWSUIT AGAINST NC: ",0
16620,LORD’S PRAYER AD BANNED…One Month Later Muslims Get “Praise Allah” Signs Approved,"This will be America if we don t push back! London red buses will have a Muslim sign saying  Praise Allah  when Christian signs have been banned. Religious freedom is what America was founded on so it would be a great idea to watch for signs of censorship of Christianity here in America as it has totally changed the UK.BUS adverts are set to carry a slogan praising Allah just months after a clip featuring the Lord s prayer was banned from cinemas.The slogan reads  Subhan Allah    which translates as  Glory be to God    and will feature on hundreds of buses across the country as part of a campaign by the Islamic Relief.The group have targeted the ad campaign to raise money for victims of the Syrian Civil War during the holy month of Ramadan in June, when muslims traditionally fast and give to charity.But the campaign has caused anger among some Christian groups after an advert featuring the lords prayer was banned from UK cinemas in the run up to Christmas.The advert, which featured the Archbishop of Canterbury along with a variety of parishioners reciting the Lord s prayer, was banned from Odean, Cineworld and Vue cinema.Former Tory MP Ann Widdecombe said:  If other religions are allowed to put their religious banners up, then so should Christians. Read more: Express",0
16621,OBAMA’S LAST MOVE: Here’s How He’ll Force Suburbs To Become Less White And Less Wealthy,"Obama and HUD want to give one last freebie to the Dem voters this Fall using YOUR tax dollars! This is a last big push to make the suburbs less white and less wealthy. Stanley Kurtz has written a book on this scheme and goes into great detail on the plan by Obama to force a  fundamental change  in how we live. This is evil and doesn t work. It was tried in Dallas with disastrous results! Once again, Obama s agenda comes before the American people. Although HUD s  demonstration project  may have improved the lives of some who moved, it s ended up harming the lives of many of their new neighbors. And now Castro wants to roll it out nationwide. Soon he will give Section 8 recipients money to afford rent wherever they choose   and if they don t want to move, he ll make them an offer they can t refuse. Hillary s rumored running mate, Housing Secretary Julian Castro, is cooking up a scheme to reallocate funding for Section 8 housing to punish suburbs for being too white and too wealthy.The scheme involves super-sizing vouchers to help urban poor afford higher rents in pricey areas, such as Westchester County, while assigning them government real-estate agents called  mobility counselors  to secure housing in the exurbs.Castro plans to launch the Section 8 reboot this fall, even though a similar program tested a few years ago in Dallas has been blamed for shifting violent crime to affluent neighborhoods.It s all part of a grand scheme to forcibly desegregate inner cities and integrate the outer suburbs.Anticipating NIMBY resistance, Castro last month threatened to sue suburban landlords for discrimination if they refuse even Section 8 tenants with criminal records. And last year, he implemented a powerful new regulation    Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing    that pressures all suburban counties taking federal grant money to change local zoning laws to build more low-income housing (landlords of such properties are required to accept Section 8 vouchers).Castro is expected to finalize the new regulation, known as  Small-Area Fair Market Rents  (SAFMR), this October, in the last days of the Obama presidency.It will set voucher rent limits by ZIP code rather than metro area, the current formula, which makes payments relatively small. For example, the fair market rent for a one-bedroom in New York City is about $1,250, which wouldn t cover rentals in leafy areas of Westchester County, such as Mamaroneck, where Castro and his social engineers seek to aggressively resettle Section 8 tenants.[The Section 8 reboot] is all part of a grand scheme to forcibly desegregate inner cities and integrate the outer suburbs. In expensive ZIP codes, Castro s plan   which requires no congressional approval   would more than double the standard subsidy, while also covering utilities. At the same time, he intends to reduce subsidies for those who choose to stay in housing in poor urban areas, such as Brooklyn. So Section 8 tenants won t just be pulled to the suburbs, they ll be pushed there. We want to use our housing-choice vouchers to ensure that we don t have a concentration of poverty and the aggregation of racial minorities in one part of town, the poor part of town,  the HUD chief said recently, adding that he s trying to undo the  result of discriminatory policies and practices in the past, and sometimes even now. A draft of the new HUD rule anticipates more than 350,000 Section 8 voucher holders will initially be resettled under the SAFMR program. Under Obama, the total number of voucher households has grown to more than 2.2 million.The document argues that larger vouchers will allow poor urban families to  move into areas that potentially have better access to jobs, transportation, services and educational opportunities.  In other words, offering them more money to move to more expensive neighborhoods will improve their situation.But HUD s own studies show the theory doesn t match reality. President Bill Clinton started a similar program in 1994 called  Moving to Opportunity Initiative,  which moved thousands of mostly African-American families from government projects to higher quality homes in safer and less racially segregated neighborhoods in several counties across the country.The 15-year experiment bombed.A 2011 study sponsored by HUD found that adults using more generous Section 8 vouchers did not get better jobs or get off welfare. In fact, more went on food stamps. And their children did not do better in their new schools.Worse, crime simply followed them to their safer neighborhoods, ruining the quality of life for existing residents. Males were arrested more often than those in the control group, primarily for property crimes,  the study found.Dubuque, Iowa, for example, received an influx of voucher holders from projects in Chicago   and it s had a problem with crime ever since. A recent study linked Dubuque s crime wave directly to Section 8 housing.Of course, even when reality mugs leftists, they never scrap their social theories. They just double down.The problem, they rationalized, was that the relocation wasn t aggressive enough. They concluded they could get the desired results if they placed urban poor in even more affluent areas.HUD recently tested this new theory in Dallas with disastrous results.Read more: NYP",0
16622,BREAKING BOMBSHELL: Obama’s Foreign Policy Guru Admits To SHOCKING LIES Obama Told To Sell Americans On IRAN Deal,"As if this news, in and of itself, is not horrific enough Deputy National Security Advisor, Ben Rhodes also reveals that Obama began negotiations with Iran as early as 2008, while radical Muslim hardliner, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was still in power! The Obama administration cooked up a phony story to sell Americans on the Iranian nuke deal, lying that US officials were dealing with  moderates  in the Islamic theocracy who could be trusted to keep their word, it was reported Thursday.In a revealing article posted on the New York Times website, President Obama s foreign-policy guru Ben Rhodes bragged about how he helped create the false narrative because the public would not have accepted the deal had it known that Iranian hard-liners were still calling the shots.The White House line   which Rhodes says he created   was that Obama started negotiations after the supposedly moderate Hassan Rouhani was elected president in 2013.But Obama had set his sights on working out a deal with the mad mullahs as early as 2008, and negotiations actually began when strongman Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was still president.Rhodes, the deputy national security adviser for strategic communications, concedes in the article that the so-called moderate regime is not moderate at all. We re not betting on it,  he said.Despite having little foreign-policy experience, Rhodes, 38, a former aspiring novelist who grew up on the Upper East Side, was in charge of a massive White House  messaging  effort that fed the bogus line to journalists. We created an echo chamber. They were saying things that validated what we had given them to say,  he admitted in the Times interview when asked about the plethora of  experts  praising the deal in the press.The Times article, which will appear in the paper s Sunday magazine, notes Rhodes, who has a writing degree from NYU, was skilled as a  storyteller. He is adept at constructing overarching plotlines with heroes and villains, their conflicts supported by flurries of carefully chosen adjectives, quotations and leaks from named and unnamed senior officials,  reporter David Samuels writes.  He is the master shaper and retailer of Obama s foreign-policy narratives. Asked about his misleading version of the deal, Rhodes said,  In the absence of rational discourse, we are going to discourse the [expletive] out of this. We had test drives to know who was going to be able to carry our message effectively, and how to use outside groups like [the anti-nuke group] Ploughshares, the Iran Project and whomever else. So we knew the tactics that worked. We drove them crazy,  he said of Republicans and others who opposed the deal, including Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.Obama, the article says, misled the public with the idea that negotiations began because of the  moderate  faction s rise in 2013. Today, after two years of negotiations, the United States, together with our international partners, has achieved something that decades of animosity has not,  Obama said last July when announcing the deal.Leon Panetta, then secretary of defense, confirmed in the article that the hard-line regime, and its military arm, was still in charge. There was not much question that the Quds Force and the supreme leader ran that country with a strong arm, and there was not much question that this kind of opposing view could somehow gain any traction,  he said. I think the whole legacy that he [Obama] was working on was,  I m the guy who s going to bring these [Mideast] wars to an end, and the last goddamn thing I need is to start another war. Without naming him, Panetta suggested Rhodes was one of several on Obama s staff who told the president only what he wanted to hear, the article says.Rhodes bashed the media for not properly reporting on foreign affairs and revealed how he fed information to reporters such as Jeffrey Goldberg of The Atlantic, a respected  Beltway insider,  as the Times called him. All these newspapers used to have foreign bureaus,  he said. Now they don t. They call us to explain to them what s happening in Moscow and Cairo. Most of the outlets are reporting on world events from Washington. The average reporter we talk to is 27 years old, and their only reporting experience consists of being around political campaigns. That s a sea change. They literally know nothing. Rhodes  assistant, Ned Price, gave an example of how they would shape the news by feeding a narrative to their  compadres  in the press corps and letting it echo across social media.For entire story: NYP",0
16623,WHERE’S THE MONEY? State Department Missing Millions Meant For Benghazi Investigation [Video],James Rosen reports on missing money meant for the Benghazi investigation: ,0
16624,HYSTERICAL! The Guy Who’s Spent Majority Of Both Terms On Golf Courses Makes THIS Insane DEMAND Of Congress,"Of course Obama the putz blames too little government for the poisoned water crisis in Flint OBAMA TO CONGRESS ON FLINT AID: #DOYOURJOBOn a trip focused on letting Flint residents know they have not been forgotten, President Barack Obama put pressure on Congress to move a bill that would bring aid to Flint, Mich. and other communities at risk of lead contamination in their water systems.As Pro s Annie Snider reports, both houses are out of session until next week, but the Senate could, in theory, take up a water infrastructure bill that includes assistance to Flint and other cities with lead-pipe distribution systems. The bill easily passed out of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee 19-1. Obama would like to see that bill move sooner rather than later.  Congress, led by your congressional delegation, needs to act in a bipartisan fashion, do their job, make sure Flint has the necessary resources,  Obama said Wednesday in a speech in Flint.President puns it like ME, calls small-government philosophy  corrosive : The president used the speech to broadly attack the conservative philosophy of less-government-is-good-government, saying an anti-government attitude was at the root of the problems in Flint.  I do think that part of what contributed to this crisis was a broader mindset, a bigger attitude, a corrosive attitude, that exists in our politics and exists in too many levels of our government,  he said.  It s a mindset that believes that less government is the highest good, no matter what. Boos for Snyder, but not from Obama: Gov. Rick Snyder also spoke at the event amid boos from the crowd of over 1,000 people. But Obama held off from attacking the governor, even trying to quiet the boobirds.  No, no,  Obama said.  We re doing some business here. Via: PoliticoHow very big of you Barry...h/t WZ ",0
16625,HOUSE SPEAKER PAUL RYAN Puts The Party Before The People…TRUMP Gives Awesome Response!,"HOUSE SPEAKER PAUL RYAN HAS SOUR GRAPES ABOUT TRUMP Isn t this about the will of the people and not the party? Instead of embracing the movement that is so amazing with the Trump campaign, Ryan says he just isn t ready to endorse Trump. This is just ridiculous!TRUMP RESPONDS: Donald Trump responds to Paul Ryan:  I am not ready to support Speaker Ryan s agenda. Perhaps in the future we can work together and come to an agreement about what is best for the American people,  Trump said .  They have been treated so badly for so long that it is about time for politicians to put them first! House Speaker Paul Ryan:  I m just not ready  to support Donald Trump as the GOP nominee https://t.co/xzLaxvkTPe https://t.co/MmTYbECt6N  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) May 5, 2016  I m just not ready to endorse    Paul Ryan ",0
16626,UNREAL! PRO-CUBA TRAVEL AT PBS AND NBC: “Cuba has so much going for it: It’s proudly Communist…” [Video],"BELOW ARE TWO EXAMPLES OF THE PRO-CUBA SENTIMENT BY THE LEFTY MEDIA:Travel to Cuba is the NEWEST thing among the pseudo-cool useful idiots:Sanders noted how many of those on board were eager to get to the island before it was spoiled by capitalism:  The Cuba they will see has many Americans anxious to get here before it all changes.  Passenger Sedrick Tydus quipped:  I want to get there before Burger King shows up.  Sanders laughed and repeated line:  Before Burger King shows up. After the Obama administration granted a full roster of concessions (in exchange for nothing) to the communist regime, we are bombarded with hype on Cuba travel. The Kardashians are even getting into the mix-ugh!Romanticizing the poverty and crumbing architecture of Cuba is pretty sickening to most people. We see past the slick promotions and see the suffering of the people of Cuba first .Chris Tarrant: Extreme Railway Journeys. Episode 4 Slow Train to Guantanamo Bay: The problem with Tarrant s love for commie Cuba is that the railway is broken down and only goes 15 mph.NBC Reporter Giddy With Excitement Aboard Cruise to Cuba:  A Pinch-Me Moment : Not so sure anything will change in Cuba even though the lefty media would like you to think so Sanders noted how many of those on board were eager to get to the island before it was spoiled by capitalism:  The Cuba they will see has many Americans anxious to get here before it all changes.  Passenger Sedrick Tydus quipped:  I want to get there before Burger King shows up.  Sanders laughed and repeated line:  Before Burger King shows up. Via: Faustasblog",0
16627,OUTRAGEOUS: ILLINOIS SCHOOL USES FINGERPRINT Scanner To “Track” Kids…America Yawns,"We re living in a world where we have willingly surrendered our privacy for the sake of making identification of ourselves, and our children more convenient for our government and for private businesses and entertainment venues like Disney World. Students and faculty at Harrison Street Elementary School just love the new thumbprint scanner in the school s lunch line, but civil rights experts are warning parents about serious privacy concerns with the technology.The Geneva Unit District 304 replaced a different biometric scanner system for school lunch lines this year with devices from a local company, PushCoin Inc., that read students  thumb prints to track their accounts, the Daily Herald reports. It s good, because you don t have to carry your own money or anything like that,  fifth-grader Quinlan Bobeczko told the news site.  It s just there. Your thumb is easy, because you just have to put your thumb on (the device). Officials in several area school districts are watching District 304 in hopes of installing similar devices in their schools.East Maine Elementary District 63 spokeswoman Janet Bishop said the district hired PushCoin Inc. this spring to begin offering the thumb scan option this month, and Lake Zurich Unit District 95 board president Doug Goldberg said schools there will implement the biometric scanners in the 2016-17 school year, the Daily Herald reports. I will tell you that many of the kids aren t very good about keeping track of their ID cards,  Goldberg said.  And so moving to biometrics was felt to be sort of the next generation of that individual, unique ID. We ll record their thumbprints, there will be thumbprint readers at all the cash registers, and they ll simply come by and   bang   hit their thumbprint. It makes it faster and, also, there s a lot less opportunity for any kind of misuse or fraud when they re using biometrics. PushCoin Inc. allows parents to closely monitor their children s lunch accounts through email updates, and the company s CEO, Anna Lisznianski contends the scanners can help school officials use lunch time more efficiently.",0
16628,WEST VIRGINIA COAL MINERS Send A Clear Message To Hillary Clinton After She “Stabs Them in The Back” [Video],"West Virginia has been devastated by a loss of 10,000 jobs due to the Obama administration s efforts to shut down the coal industry. If Hillary Clinton is elected, we can see a continuation of job loss there. Here s what she said a few weeks ago about the coal industry: ",0
16629,INFAMOUS ROMANIAN HACKER Tells FOX News Host How “EASY” It Was To Hack Hillary’s Server [VIDEO],"Of course, America s favorite criminal candidate says America shouldn t believe the infamous hacker who claims he accessed her unsecured server because he s a  criminal.  LOL if anyone can spot a criminal, it s Crooked Hillary The infamous Romanian hacker known as  Guccifer,  speaking exclusively with Fox News, claimed he easily   and repeatedly   breached former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s personal email server in early 2013. For me, it was easy   easy for me, for everybody,  Marcel Lehel Lazar, who goes by the moniker  Guccifer,  told Fox News from a Virginia jail where he is being held.Guccifer s potential role in the Clinton email investigation was first reported by Fox News last month. The hacker subsequently claimed he was able to access the server   and provided extensive details about how he did it and what he found   over the course of a half-hour jailhouse interview and a series of recorded phone calls with Fox News.Fox News could not independently confirm Lazar s claims.In response to Lazar s claims, the Clinton campaign issued a statement Wednesday night saying,  There is absolutely no basis to believe the claims made by this criminal from his prison cell. In addition to the fact he offers no proof to support his claims, his descriptions of Secretary Clinton s server are inaccurate. It is unfathomable that he would have gained access to her emails and not leaked them the way he did to his other victims. The former secretary of state s server held nearly 2,200 emails containing information now deemed classified, and another 22 at the  Top Secret  level. Via: FOX News",0
16630,BRILLIANT! Why “Democratic” Socialism Doesn’t Work [Video],This is Stephen Crowder at his best So smart and so funny! ,0
16631,TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY: Highway System Targeted Black Neighborhoods [VIDEO],SERIOUSLY? Obama s Transportation Secretary is sadly just another racist spouting his slanted beliefs. He might want to break out some common sense and really think about the history of our highway system before he speaks: ,0
16632,DEATH AND TAXES: Over Half Of Prince’s Estate Will Go To The Government!,"The irony in this situation is pretty huge. Prince didn t like meddling in his music or business but now the government will be  taking over half of his life s earnings in taxes. The problem is that Prince wasn t married if he d been married the estate would have gone to his wife. Pretty sad scenario of death and then taxes .If Prince were married, he could have passed on the entirety of his estate to his spouse tax free. However, without a spouse, only $1.6 million of Prince s estate will be free from Minnesota s death tax and only $5.45 million will escape the federal death tax. Prince, the iconic pop star who once was  The Artist Formerly Known As Prince  in protest of the record labels, unexpectedly died last week and he didn t have a will. He also wasn t married, so the government will get most of the proceeds of his massive estate.Since his death I ve read that he was a closet conservative, and I ve read that he was a big liberal. So I don t know what his political leanings were, but what does seem clear is that he wasn t a fan of others profiting off of his musical genius. So it s kind of sad that the government will take more than fifty percent of his life s work.Both the federal government and Minnesota s state government will assess so-called  death taxes  or estate taxes on Prince s assets, taking away more than half his estate. Between his physical assets cash, investments, home, etc. and his future royalties, Prince s estate has been estimated to be between $300 and $500 million. If Prince were married, he could have passed on the entirety of his estate to his spouse tax free. However, without a spouse, only $1.6 million of Prince s estate will be free from Minnesota s death tax and only $5.45 million will escape the federal death tax.The combination of Minnesota s top death tax rate of 16 percent, plus the federal government s 40 percent rate, means that over 50 percent of Prince s estate will go to the government.Read more: Lonely Conservative",0
16633,WARNING SHOTS FROM RUSSIA? CHILLING Footage Shows Nuclear Submarine Launches Cruise Missile… Russian fighter pilot ‘performs barrel roll’ OVER US Air Force Plane Only 25ft Away…Obama Shrugs [VIDEO],"265 days and counting Is this a warning shot? This chilling footage shows a Russian nuclear submarine launching a cruise missile from underwater to destroy a coastal training target.The 120-metre Severodvinsk submarine can be seen sinking slowly below the surface of the Barents Sea as part of Russian navy Arctic combat drills.Then the Kalibr missile erupts from the waves in a plume of smoke and streaks away into the distance. A loud rumbling can be heard before the camera zooms in to show the launch site.It is the latest show of strength from the country s military after a number of close passes by fighter jets near US planes and ships.This year Russia has increased its military presence in the Arctic region where it and other world powers are locked in a battle to claim valuable territory and underwater mining rights.   MirrorA Russian fighter pilot has provoked fury at the Pentagon after allegedly performing a barrel roll just 25 feet from an American reconnaissance plane over the Baltic Sea.Outraged defense officials called the interception manoeuvre  unsafe and unprofessional , but Russia said it was forced to intercept the American RC-135 plane because it had switched off its identifying transponder.The Pentagon admitted the barrel roll incident could  escalate tensions  between the countries after a number of close-flying encounters.In a taunting statement the Russian defence ministry said:  We are already starting to get used to the insults of the Pentagon regarding alleged  unprofessional  manoeuvres when our fighters intercept US spy planes at the Russian border. The US Air Force has two solutions   either not to fly near our borders, or to turn the transponder on for identification. Reports differed on just how close the Russian SU-27 Flanker fighter jet came to its lumbering quarry. US Army spokeswoman Lt Col Michelle Baldanza said it came within 25 feet, or 7.6m, while others claimed a figure of 100 feet, or 30 metres.Lt Col Baldanza told CNN:  The SU-27 intercepted the U.S. aircraft flying a routine route at high rate of speed from the side then proceeded to perform an aggressive maneuver that posed a threat to the safety of the U.S. aircrew in the RC-135.    Mirror No worries Barry s got it under control ",0
16634,ARE THE ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTS Becoming The New “Ferguson” For Illegals And Democrats? [Video],"A California Donald Trump Rally turned into a violent riot by mostly young Latinos. This is the result of open borders lawlessness and disregard for other people s right to free speech:Hundreds of demonstrators filled the street outside the Orange County amphitheater where Donald Trump held a rally Thursday night, stomping on cars, hurling rocks at motorists and forcefully declaring their opposition to the Republican presidential candidate.Some video I shot of a police car being smashed by a protester: pic.twitter.com/aqHm5jP9y3  Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) April 29, 2016THE ILLEGALS ARE EXPRESSING THEIR FRUSTRATION BY THROWING ROCKS AT PEOPLE AND DESTROYING COP CARS Donald Trump is worthless! There won t be no United States without Mexicans.  -Juan Carlos, 16 I m protesting because I want equal rights for everybody, and I want peaceful protest,  said 19-year-old Daniel Lujan, one of hundreds in a crowd that appeared to be mostly Latinos in their late teens and 20s. This just happen #CostaMesa #DonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/t0hS8EEdIU  Ruben Vives (@LATvives) April 29, 2016 Video footage showed some anti-Trump demonstrators hurling debris at a passing pickup. One group of protesters carried benches and blocked the entrance to the 55 Freeway along Newport Boulevard, with some tossing rocks at motorists near the on-ramp. Costa Mesa police confirmed that a total of 17 people   10 males and 7 females   were arrested on suspicion of unlawful assembly. A MOTORIST GOT OUT OF HIS CAR AFTER BEING BLOCKED AND CONFRONTED THE PROTESTERS:SUV almost ran over protester. Passenger gets out and gets confronted by protesters near 55 Fwy #CostaMesa pic.twitter.com/LLA4K1rzEN  Ruben Vives (@LATvives) April 29, 2016READ MORE: LA TIMES",0
16635,"UNREAL! HERE’S WHY ICE RELEASED BUT DIDN’T DEPORT 19,723 Criminal Illegals In 2015 [Video]","THANK GOODNESS FOR THE CENTER FOR IMMIGRATION STUDIES! Jessica Vaughan is the Center s Director of Policy Studies and has been outspoken about the lack of enforcement of federal law when it comes to criminal illegal aliens. The numbers are staggering!Mark Meadows (R-NC):  How many drug dealers, how many rapists, how many kidnappers do you let get an  out of jail free card? The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency in 2015 decided not to deport but release 19,723 criminal illegal immigrants, including 208 convicted of murder, over 900 convicted of sex crimes and 12,307 of drunk driving, according to new government numbers.Overall, those released into virtually every state and territory of America had a total of 64,197 convictions among them, for an average of 3.25 convictions each, according to an analysis by the Center for Immigration Studies. ICE also said that the group were convicted of 8,234 violent crimes. Meanwhile, ICE said that it has also slashed the number of criminals arrested in local communities, according to the Center s Director of Policy Studies, Jessica M. Vaughan.  In 2015, ICE made 119,772 arrests, or just half the number of arrests made in 2013, 232,287,  she said in her analysis that also included a map of the releases.The reason: Under President Obama s immigration policy changes, many criminal immigrants are being ignored even though local police and sheriff have urged ICE to take control of criminals in their jails and deport them.She said that the slash of arrests is why the number of releases by ICE is down.In 2014, 30,000 criminal illegals were released. TREY GOWDY: ",0
16636,KILLING AMERICAN WORKERS By Replacing With Foreign Workers…Michelle Malkin Speaks To Abbott Lab’s Replaced Workers [Video],The replacement of workers by big corporations is staggering! Michelle Malkin speaks about the Abbott Lab workers laid off for foreign workers. ,0
16637,VOTE TO KEEP CONFEDERATE FLAG Flying At The Citadel Passes But Sets Up Looming Battle From Dems,"Here we go again the Democrats are trying to erase history at the Citadel. Jim Clyburn is determined to take this fight all the way so the flag will be removed. Don t we have much bigger fish to fry? I would think so In the early hours of Thursday morning, the U.S. House Armed Services Committee voted to keep the Confederate flag flying at The Citadel.The rejection of a Democratic effort to force the military institution to take down the banner atop Summerall Chapel potentially paves the way for a bitter, extended fight on the issue, which is being championed by U.S. Rep. Jim Clyburn, D-S.C.U.S. Rep. Adam Smith, a Washington State Democrat and ranking member of the committee, offered an amendment to the fiscal 2017 National Defense Authorization Act to bar Reserve Officers  Training Corps funds to any military university that displays the Confederate flag.The only university that falls into that category is The Citadel. The Board of Visitors voted to remove the flag last summer, after revelations that the deadly shooting of nine black parishioners at Mother Emanuel AME Church was motivated by race   an incident which, in turn, prompted the removal of the Confederate flag from the Statehouse grounds.But the Board of Visitors says it can t actually take the Citadel s Confederate flag down unless the S.C. state legislature makes changes to the so-called  Heritage Act  that currently stands in the way. Smith acknowledged that his amendment was designed to force state lawmakers to act. The flag still flies, South Carolina has no pressure to change it whatsoever and probably won t,  said Smith,  and that embarrassment continues to fly over The Citadel, where there are presumably African American people at attending, and I think we need something to force South Carolina to do the right thing. The Armed Services Committee chairman, U.S. Rep. Mac Thornberry, R-Texas, registered his opposition to Smith s amendment by essentially moving to amend the amendment. He opted for adding language to Smith s original provision to exempt any university which has already voted to take down the flag from having ROTC funds withheld, thereby nullifying the amendment s entire purpose. Bottom line is, I don t think it s fair to punish those folks who are trying to do the right thing, but the folks in the state legislature that is preventing them from doing that now,  Thornberry said.U.S. Rep. Joe Wilson, the only South Carolinian serving on the Armed Services Committee, proceeded to read a letter he had received earlier that day from The Citadel s president, Lt. Gen. John Rosa, in opposition to Smith s amendment. The Citadel provides itself on the core values of duty, honor and respect, and moving the (flag) to another location is consistent with those values,  Rosa wrote in his letter to Wilson, a Republican.  But the values also require the college to follow the law. The committee members ultimately voted on Thornberry s alternative language cancelling out Smith s original intent, with all Democrats opposed and all Republican in favor   except for one outlier, U.S. Rep. Martha McSally of Arizona, who sided with the minority party.This conversation will likely continue once the NDAA bill comes before the full House.Read more: Post and Courier",0
16638,"AMBASSADOR CHRIS STEVENS’ Fiancé Speaks Out About Hillary Leaving Him To Die: “If he was a friend, you don’t let a friend down” [VIDEO]","It s amazing that Hillary will likely never be held accountable for the deaths of four brave Americans in Benghazi. So many family members and loved ones will have to live the rest of their lives knowing they will never see these men again, while the person responsible is the front-runner in the Democrat party for President of the United States. You just can t make this stuff up Former Fianc  of Ambassador Chris Stevens and actress and model Lydie Denier joined Steve Malzberg on Newsmax TV to discuss her memory of the late Libyan Ambassador.Ambassador Chris Stevens was murdered on September 11, 2012 in an Islamist terrorist attack.Lydie weigh in on Benghazi, and her piece:  A Voice for Ambassador Chris Stevens. She told Steve Hillary should have done a better job.Lydie Denier: As far as Hillary Clinton, it would take more than six minutes to say how I feel. But, obviously you know how I feel. I think she should have done a better job for security. And, not ignoring his requests for security. If he was a friend, as she said, then you don t let a friend down.   NewsMaxVia: Gateway Pundit ",0
16639,"MURDERERS AND RAPISTS FOR HILLARY: VA Governor, Close Clinton Friend Gives 206,000 Felons Voting Rights, Releases Them From Jail Before Election","The good news for Hillary is that she should be able to connect with these hardened criminals on a personal level. The only thing that stands behind Hillary and an orange jumpsuit is her husband s connections and the corrupt Democrat machine that can t get enough of the Clinton Crime Syndicate.In a move called  unprecedented  by the Richmond-Times Dispatch, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe signed a sweeping order that grants 206,000 convicted felons voting rights just months before the presidential election.McAuliffe s order extends to non-violent and violent felons, including convicted murderers and rapists, an expert told the New York Times.If some cannot abide by society s standards, those standards are  barriers  that society  must break down,  McAuliffe affirmed in announcing the order. If we are going to build a stronger and more equal Virginia, we must break down barriers to participation in civic life for people who return to society seeking a second chance. We must welcome them back and offer the opportunity to build a better life by taking an active role in our democracy. I believe it is time to cast off Virginia s troubling history of injustice and embrace an honest, clean process for restoring the rights of these men and women,  the governor said in a statement.McAuliffe couched his move in terms of social justice and civil rights, having compared felon disenfranchisement to a poll tax. The order will likely boost black voter turnout in a critical swing state that could deliver Hillary Clinton   one estimate provided to the New York Times claimed as many as one in five blacks in Virginia lost their right to vote after being convicted for committing felonies. Via: Breitbart News ",0
16640,GRIFTER HILLARY CLINTON WAS PAID For Speeches Given To Government Contractors…No Ethics!,"A new report tells us what we already knew about Hillary s speeches government contractors paid Clinton big bucks for speeches opening a conflict of interest up that calls into question the ethics of the woman who wants to be our next president  Grifters like the Clintons don t care much for ethics though so this will be spun by the mean stream media and her supporters. Pitiful! WASHINGTON (AP)   It s not just Wall Street banks. Most companies and groups that paid Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton to speak between 2013 and 2015 have lobbied federal agencies in recent years, and more than one-third are government contractors, an Associated Press review has found. Their interests are sprawling and would follow Clinton to the White House should she win election this fall.The AP s review of federal records, regulatory filings and correspondence showed that almost all the 82 corporations, trade associations and other groups that paid for or sponsored Clinton s speeches have actively sought to sway the government   lobbying, bidding for contracts, commenting on federal policy and in some cases contacting State Department officials or Clinton herself during her tenure as secretary of state.Presidents are not generally bound by many of the ethics and conflict-of-interest regulations that apply to non-elected executive branch officials, although they are subject to laws covering related conduct, such as bribery and illegal gratuities. Clinton s 94 paid appearances over two years on the speech circuit leave her open to scrutiny over decisions she would make in the White House or influence that may affect the interests of her speech sponsors.Via: AP",0
16641,GLOBAL CLIMATE CHANGE LIARS Ignore Truth About EARTH DAY Founder: Murdered Girlfriend…Turned Her Into Compost,"Global Climate cooling warming change frauds around the world are celebrating Earth Day today. If they were just celebrating God s glorious gift to mankind that would be one thing, but they re not. Jack-holes like Barack Obama are jumping on gas guzzling, CO2 emitting jets and flying to Europe to lecture Europeans on the dangers of cow farts and such. They re shutting down coal industries around the world, leaving a wide swath of mass poverty in their wake, which interestingly enough, affects the least protected class in America; the white working man. But none of these things matter to a group of we-know-better-than-you Leftists who base their fight against energy producers on  science  that is less than settled as the basis for their arguments. It s time to peel back the layers of fraud and deceit and stand up to the climate change bullies who are actually beginning to threaten prosecution for anyone who disagrees with them.Having expressed our views on the validity of global  whatever they call it today, it seems like the perfect time to expose the founder of Earth Day.  Enjoy Ira Einhorn was on stage hosting the first Earth Day event at the Fairmount Park in Philadelphia on April 22, 1970. Seven years later, police raided his closet and found the  composted  body of his ex-girlfriend inside a trunk.A self-proclaimed environmental activist, Einhorn made a name for himself among ecological groups during the 1960s and  70s by taking on the role of a tie-dye-wearing ecological guru and Philadelphia s head hippie. With his long beard and gap-toothed smile, Einhorn   who nicknamed himself  Unicorn  because his German-Jewish last name translates to  one horn   advocated flower power, peace and free love to his fellow students at the University of Pennsylvania. He also claimed to have helped found Earth Day.But the charismatic spokesman who helped bring awareness to environmental issues and preached against the Vietnam War   and any violence   had a secret dark side. When his girlfriend of five years, Helen  Holly  Maddux, moved to New York and broke up with him, Einhorn threatened that he would throw her left-behind personal belongings onto the street if she didn t come back to pick them up.And so on Sept. 9, 1977, Maddux went back to the apartment that she and Einhorn had shared in Philadelphia to collect her things, and was never seen again. When Philadelphia police questioned Einhorn about her mysterious disappearance several weeks later, he claimed that she had gone out to the neighborhood co-op to buy some tofu and sprouts and never returned.It wasn t until 18 months later that investigators searched Einhorn s apartment after one of his neighbors complained that a reddish-brown, foul-smelling liquid was leaking from the ceiling directly below Einhorn s bedroom closet. Inside the closet, police found Maddux s beaten and partially mummified body stuffed into a trunk that had also been packed with Styrofoam, air fresheners and newspapers.After his arrest, Einhorn jumped bail and spent decades evading authorities by hiding out in Ireland, Sweden, the United Kingdom and France. After 23 years, he was finally extradited to the United States from France and put on trial. Taking the stand in his own defense, Einhorn claimed that his ex-girlfriend had been killed by CIA agents who framed him for the crime because he knew too much about the agency s paranormal military research. He was convicted of murdering Maddux and is currently serving a life sentence. Via: NBC News h/t Weasel Zippers I don t think there is a person alive who doesn t agree we should be good stewards of the earth and that we should always be searching to find ways to leave this earth better than when we found it. The time has come however, for Americans to stand up to what is really a backdoor attempt at total government control over our lives.Read story at link: EYE-OPENING: Why Liberals Won t Talk About White, Poverty Stricken, Rural AmericansAre you willing to sit back and watch your fellow Americans working in the essential production of domestic energy lose everything they have worked so hard for their whole lives? What happens to working Americans when our government shuts down coal mines, devastates communities who depend on fracking or towns dependent on offshore drilling? Are you willing to watch entire towns and communities be destroyed because a petulant, huckster President promised he would bankrupt an industry that didn t fit into his radical agenda? People need to stop relying on Donald Trump to fight back. We have the ability today to fight back. Stop allowing people to treat you like a criminal if you don t agree with the climate change lie. Call your local, (Click here for state)and (Click here for federal) representatives and DEMAND they stop placing unrealistic regulations on our coal mines that are essentially being used to shut them down. Individuals have more power when we work together to fight back against a government with a radical progressive agenda. There has never been a better time than now. Make Earth Day be the day you decide to fight back against the dirty little lies of the progressive Left.",0
16642,BREAKING: Obama Threatens Great Britain With Trade Penalties If They Leave The EU,"ITV Reporter: British reporters in various degrees of politeness they have said to you that you should really keep your views to yourself. With that in mind, Mr. President, do you still think it was the right thing to intervene in this debate?  ANd what happens if the UK does decide in June to leave the European Union?Barack Obama: This is a decision for the people of the United Kingdom to make. I am not coming here to fix any votes  Maybe some point down the line there might be a UK-US trade agreement but it s not going to happen anytime soon because our focus is in negotiating with a big block the European Union to get a trade agreement done. And the UK is going to be in the back of the queue. Not because we have a special relationship but because given the heavy lift on any trade agreement, us having access to a big market with a lot of countries rather than trying to do piecemeal trade agreements is hugely inefficient.",0
16643,THIS PICTURE OF HARRIET TUBMAN Should Be Used On The $20 Bill…If For No Other Reason Than To Drive Anti-Gun Left Crazy,"Obama has filled his cabinet with radical  yes  men and women who hold similar anti-American, leftist views. His radical Treasury Secretary, Jack Lew is no exception.Treasury Secretary Jack Lew  announced yesterday that Alexander Hamilton s face will remain on the front of the $10 bill and Harriet Tubman will replace Andrew Jackson on the face of the $20 bill.What the Left forgot in their haste to replace a  racist  white (Democrat) President on the front of the $20 bill was the fact that Harriet Tubman was more than just a black abolitionist, she also serves as an excellent example of why our Second Amendment is so important.Harriet Tubman (born Araminta Harriet Ross; 1820   March 10, 1913) was an African-American abolitionist, humanitarian, and Union spy during the American Civil War. She carried a revolver, and was not afraid to use it . . .Once a slave agreed to join her expedition, there was no turning back; she threatened to shoot anyone who tried to return. Tubman told the tale of one journey with a group of fugitive slaves, when morale sank and one man insisted he was going to go back to the plantation.She pointed the gun at his head and said,  You go on or die.  Several days later, he was with the group as they entered Canada. It is more than likely that Tubman carried the handgun as protection from ever-present slave catchers and their dogs.Via: The Truth About GunsBreaking: Treasury throws founder of the Democratic Party off $20 bill, replaces with gun-toting Republican pic.twitter.com/G9dVXpTaXv  David Burge (@iowahawkblog) April 20, 2016Tubman s reliance on her firearms to fulfill her mission of freeing slaves was essential. So it only seems fitting that the US Treasury would use this picture of Republican, Harriet Tubman to replace the first Democrat President of the United States, Andrew Jackson.",0
16644,MLK And Two Others Will Be on The Back Of The $5 Bill,"Leave it to Obama to politicize our money some think the past presidents should be on the money but now Obama s made our money like a postage stamp. He s made this political and racial which really is what you d expect from this pitiful man.Abraham Lincoln will not be the only person depicted on the $5 bill much longer.The Treasury Department announced Wednesday that it will overhaul the design of the $5 note, a move overshadowed by its decision to revamp the back of the $10 bill to include women and to feature Harriet Tubman on the front of the $20.Civil rights icon Martin Luther King Jr., famed opera singer Marian Anderson and first lady Eleanor Roosevelt will be depicted on the back of the updated $5 bill.All three will be portrayed in historical moments in front of the Lincoln Memorial, which is currently pictured on the back of the bill. King will be shown delivering his 1963  I Have a Dream  speech. Anderson will be shown performing in 1939, when concert halls were still segregated and she was banned from singing in Constitution Hall, supported by Roosevelt.In redesigning the $5 bill, a previously unannounced step, the Treasury will disrupt Lincoln s long-running tenure on both the front of the bill, in a portrait, and on the back, captured as a statue within the Lincoln Memorial. The basic layout of the note hadn t changed since 1929.Read more: WE",0
16645,BREAKING: OBAMA SUCCESSFULLY WHITEWASHES AMERICAN HISTORY…”Racist” President Andrew Jackson To Be Replaced With Harriet Tubman On $20 Bill,"The irony in Obama s radical Treasury Secretary s decision to remove  racist  Andrew Jackson from the $20 bill, lies in the fact that Jackson was the first Democrat to be elected President. Rabid Bernie Sanders supporters are hell-bent on seeing Bernie Sanders fulfill his promise of breaking up the big bank monopolies. Andrew Jackson was pioneer in staving off banking domination in his day.But alas it s official .Moments ago Politico reported that the U.S. Treasury will announce that it plans to replace former President Andrew Jackson on the $20 bill with Harriet Tubman, the sources said. There will also be changes to the $5 bill to depict civil rights era leaders.Not every dead president is being scraped however: treasury Secretary Jack Lew on Wednesday will announce a decision to keep Alexander Hamilton on the front of the $10 bill and put leaders of the movement to give women the right to vote on the back of the bill.Lew s decision comes after he announced last summer that he was considering replacing Hamilton on the $10 bill with a woman. The announcement drew swift rebukes from fans of Hamilton, who helped create the Treasury Department and the modern American financial system. Critics immediately suggested Hamilton take Jackson off the $20 bill given the former president s role in moving native Americans off their land.Jackson may remain on the $20 bill in some capacity, but will clearly be demoted.While some pointed to the many accomplishments and qualities of Hamilton for why he should stay on the currency printed by the very Treasury the man created, the more popular argument for the Founding Father s retention was an argument about how awful the man on the $20 dollar bill was.The Daily Beast described Jackson as  villainous  and linked to a February article that called him a  mass murderer. The New York Post argued that Old Hickory  may well have been our most racist president  and was a  vicious, power-mad kook. Lew told POLITICO last July that Treasury was exploring ways to respond to critics.  There are a number of options of how we can resolve this,  Lew said.  We re not taking Alexander Hamilton off our currency. Confused? Disturbed? Angry? You are not alone. The following rant by Mac Slavo expressed many feeling about the proposed change.Andrew Jackson, Who Fought Central Bank, Removed from $20 As  Public Concern for Liberty  ErasedJackson narrowly succeeded in staving off banker domination of the U.S. during his day.Of course, Andrew Jackson, who was the United States  seventh president, was also a complete controversy his entire lifetime. It is no surprise that the same people who took down the Confederate flag from the South on the back of a mass shooting tragedy are now trying to tear down the image of a particularly controversial and intriguing figure from the American past.Jackson was a recalcitrant and unyielding general and war hero, and later an outsider riding a wave of populist support into the White House, bringing in sometimes unscrupulous companions, and plenty of Masons. Many of his backers were diametrically opposed to the entrenched power of New York bankers and speculators, as well as patrician politicians who dominated the first phase of politics in the nation s history. Jackson played a nasty role in the Trail of Tears affairs with Indians, too, and with the South and Western expansion of slave-friendly territories. Many shades of grey.Erasing Andrew Jackson from the faces of the fiat funny-money that is passed around by an increasingly ignorant and dependent society (which itself has adopted digital currency as the new norm) will further cut off the past from the masses, and ensure their enslavement.For entire story: Zero Hedge",0
16646,OBAMA’S ECONOMIC LEGACY IN 9 Easy To Read Charts,"Anyone who would look at these charts and still vote for Hillary or Bernie is basically saying,  I really don t care about my future, or the future of my children or grandchildren. Here is a bit more in-depth data as it relates to a few of the charts above:Food stamp increase nears record high despite low unemployment rate under Barack Obama:Despite the unemployment rate being at an eight-year low (4.9 percent as of January 2016), the number of people on food stamps remains near an all-time high which was 47,636,000 in 2013.Why the disparity in the numbers? Well, the unemployment rate does not take into account people who are not in, or have dropped out of, the workforce altogether.The Bureau of Labor Statistics reported in January of this year that approximately 94 million Americans are not participating in the workforce.But the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) has been hovering around 46 million participants since 2011. The current figure, as of February 2016, shows average SNAP participation at 45.8 million Americans receiving food stamps in 2015.SOARING HEALTH CARE PREMIUMS Under Obamacare:Obamacare premium costs will soar 20.3 percent on average in 2016 instead of the 7.5 percent increase claimed by federal officials, according to an analysis by The Daily Caller News Foundation.The discrepancy is because the government excluded price data for three of the four Obamacare health insurance plans when the officials issued their recent forecast claiming enrollees would face only a 7.5 percent average rate increase in 2016.When data for all four plans are included, premium costs will actually rise on average 20.3 percent next year. The 2015 Obamacare price hike was 20.3 percent.Our National Debt is at $19.25 TRILLION! When Obama took office it was at $10.26 Trillion. Obama has almost DOUBLED our national debt since taking office only 7 years ago! ",0
16647,WHY DECISION LIBERAL JUDGE IN CONNECTICUT Is About To Make Could Be HUGE Threat To Our SECOND AMENDMENT,"Obama s goal of making gun control a reality in the United States of America is one step closer, thanks to this radical judge A Connecticut judge ruled Thursday that a lawsuit against the manufacturer of the gun used in the Sandy Hook shootings, and other companies, can move forward.A Connecticut Superior Court judge denied a motion to dismiss the lawsuit against the companies involved in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of the rifle used in the deadly 2012 shootings.Adam Lanza used a Bushmaster AR-15 rifle in the Sandy Hook Elementary School shootings on Dec. 14, 2012 to kill 26 people in less than five minutes. The families of the victims, which included 20 children, have sued the maker, distributor and seller of the rifle, arguing that the military-style gun should have never been available for civilians to purchase.Connecticut State Judge Barbara Bellis rejected the gun companies  argument that a 2005 federal law can protect gun businesses from civil lawsuits.Remington Arms Co., the manufacturer of the rifle, is named in the suit. Also named is Camfour Inc., a distributor of firearms, and the now-defunct Riverview Gun Sales, a dealer in East Windsor, Conn., that sold the rifle to the Lanza s mother in 2010. Via: Washington ExaminerNolan Finley, The Detroit News   The lawsuit, filed by nine victim families, claims Remington is liable for making and selling to the public a rifle unfit for civilian use.The claim plays right into the anti-gun lobby s latest end-around of the Constitution. It follows the strategy laid out in last week s Democratic debate by Hillary Clinton, who wants to open up both gun manufacturers and gun retailers to product liability lawsuits.While Clinton chortles derisively whenever it s pointed out that the threat of such litigation would become an effective ban on gun sales, and ultimately on gun ownership, that is precisely the desired outcome.Clinton s charge that gunmakers enjoy unique protection from liability isn t true. All manufacturers of defect-free, legal goods enjoy a broad shield against damage resulting from the intentional misuse of their products.Still, gun opponents compare firearm manufacturers with automakers, who are routinely sued when their cars and trucks are involved in a fatal accident. But those suits center around product malfunctions or design flaws. If someone gets drunk and plows an automobile into a group of children at a bus stop, the automaker is only liable if something was defective on the vehicle that contributed to the carnage.The weapons used by Lanza were not defective. The were misused. Neither the manufacturer nor the retailer, who is also being sued, sold them to Lanza. The emotionally troubled teen took them without permission from his mother s home. A negligence case could be made against the mother. She should not have allowed her deranged son access to her extensive arsenal; I m all for holding gun owners responsible for properly securing their firearms.Unfortunately, his mother was Lanza s first victim.Judge Barbara Bellis permitted the suit against Remington to proceed based on her gross misunderstanding of firearms.She agreed with the plaintiff s attorneys depiction of the Bushmaster AR-15 semi-automatic rifle as a military weapon not intended for civilian use.That s just wrong. The difference between the Bushmaster and a common hunting rifle is cosmetic. It looks more lethal, but it operates the same way, firing one bullet with each pull of the trigger. It s not a machine gun; it doesn t fire rounds in bursts.If the military were to arm its soldiers with Bushmasters, it would lose every battle.Lanza used legal weapons that were sold within the strict confines of Connecticut s gun laws, but taken without the owner s permission.If that becomes the flimsy standard for manufacturer and retailer liability, as both this lawsuit and Hillary Clinton hope, it will be the end of gunmaking and sales in this country. And that s just what backers of this strategy want.",0
16648,COL RALPH PETERS: Obama and Politicians ‘Put Happiness of the Saudi Royal Family Above the Survivors of 9/11’ [Video],"Colonel Ralph Peters comments on what he thinks Congress will do regarding releasing the 9/11 Report. Unfortunately, he s correct  ",0
16649,ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION CASE: Justice Roberts Used Obama’s Own Words Against Him,"It s great to see one of the Justices questioning the dictatorship of Obama. The vote will likely be a split vote even though the federal law should be followed. Illegal is illegal. If they side with Obama then we ll have millions of illegals who ll get amnesty just in time for the 2016 election. Couldn t be better timing for Barack Let s hope that Justice Roberts finds his  manhood and votes with the American people. Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. prodded the Obama administration Monday to explain President Obama s immigration flip-flop, when Mr. Obama in 2014 reversed himself and decided he did, after all, have powers to grant a tentative amnesty to as many as 5 million illegal immigrants.Mr. Obama had repeatedly denied he had that kind of power, then after the 2014 election, when Congress refused to act on his policies, the president claimed a do-over and said he did have the power.Chief Justice Roberts wondered what changed in Mr. Obama s mind, and even read back one of Mr. Obama s quotes to Solicitor General Donald B. Verrilli Jr. recounting the president saying he would be  ignoring the law  if he were to grant a broad stay of deportation to millions of illegal immigrants. What was he talking about?  the chief justice prodded.Mr. Verrilli said Mr. Obama may have changed his mind after asking the Justice Department s legal advisory branch to take a closer look at his powers. You know, what happened here is that the president and the secretary went to the Office of Legal Counsel and asked for an opinion about the scope of their authority to  the scope of this discretionary authority, and they got one. And they exercised it consistently with that and up to the limits of that and no further,  Mr. Verrilli said.Immigrant-rights activists had repeatedly told Mr. Obama he had authority to grant  deferred action  to million of illegal immigrants, but the president shot those requests down, telling the activists he didn t think he could defend that action in court.Read more: WT",0
16650,SEE GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS’ Reaction When Hillary Says She’s Ignorant About 9/11 Legislation, I don t really know about that    Nice try Hillary! ,0
16651,TYRANNY: Obamaphone Fraud Kept Under Wraps Until Vote To Expand Program,"REMEMBER THE OBAMAPHONE LADY? Federal regulators were instructed to keep a massive fraud investigation under wraps until a day after a controversial vote to expand a program that was allegedly used to bilk taxpayers of tens of millions of dollars, one those regulators claims.The Federal Communications Commission on Friday announced that it would seek $51 million in damages from a cell phone company that allegedly defrauded the federal Lifeline program of nearly $10 million.The commission s five members unanimously backed the Notice of Apparent Liability (NAL), but Republican commissioner Ajit Pai parted from his colleagues in a partial dissent. According to Pai, he and other commissioners were told not to reveal the details of its investigation until April 1, a day after the FCC voted to expand the Lifeline program. Commissioners were told that the Notice of Apparent Liability could not be released or publicly discussed until April 1, 2016, conveniently one day after the Commission was scheduled to expand the Lifeline program to broadband,  Pai wrote.  That s not right. Pai did not say who issued that directive. However, it had the effect of preventing public knowledge of widespread fraud in the Lifeline program ahead of a contentious vote on expanding it despite persisting concerns about a lack of internal safeguards.FCC spokesman Will Wiquist insisted that the timing was completely coincidental.  The timing of the enforcement action was in no way related to the timing of the vote on the program modernization,  he said in an email.Lifeline has faced controversy over enrollment requirements that its critics say are too lax and vulnerable to fraud. The service, which subsidizes cell phone plans for low-income Americans, allows beneficiaries to enroll using cards issued for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), a welfare program that has also faced fraud allegations.Critics of the Lifeline program began calling its subsidized cell phones  Obamaphones  early in the Obama administration in response to viral YouTube videos of beneficiaries thanking the president for their free phones. The program was actually created under President Ronald Reagan.The FCC s NAL last week accused cell phone provider Total Call Mobile, which provides Lifeline services in 19 states, of  systematic and egregious misconduct  and  widespread enrollment fraud. According to the commission, Total Call employees enrolled tens of thousands of duplicate Lifeline beneficiaries and pocketed the extra subsidies. The FCC caught onto the scheme when the company enrolled an undercover FCC investigator in the program without asking for any eligibility documentation. Since 2014, Total Call has requested and received an estimated $9.7 million dollars in improper payments from the Universal Service Fund for duplicate or ineligible consumers despite repeated and explicit warnings from its own employees, in some cases compliance specialists, that company sales agents were engaged in widespread enrollment fraud,  the FCC said in a news release.A common means of fraudulent enrollment was the repeated use of a single SNAP identification card, according to the FCC. That drew the ire of Commissioner Michael O Reilly, who said the use of SNAP cards as Lifeline verification mechanisms is woefully inadequate. I must once again lodge my extreme frustration that the Commission continues to rely on SNAP as an entry point in the Lifeline program, and has the gall to claim that it is a highly accountable program, when it is painfully obvious to anyone paying attention that SNAP is riddled with waste, fraud, and abuse,  he wrote in a partial dissent in the Total Call case.Despite those ongoing concerns, the FCC recently voted to expand the Lifeline program to include subsidies for 3G wireless broadband service.That vote followed a contentious debate over the scope of the expansion and its accompanying price tag. The commission approved the expansion by a narrow 3-2 vote on March 31, a day before the FCC announced its Total Call NAL. Read more: WFB",0
16652,WOMAN CRIES After Seeing How Easily Our Votes Are Stolen By Electronic Voting Machines [VIDEO], There are people out there who are giving their lives trying to make our elections secure and they re being called conspiracy theorists and technophobes. And these vendors are lying and saying  that everything s alright  and it s not alright. It s as though our country is one country and pretending to be another country. How can this be happening in our elections? Watch: ,0
16653,BILL NYE THE SCIENCE GUY: Believe In Global Warming Or It’s Jail For You [Video],"This is where we re heading with the Obama administration and nut jobs like Bill Nye. Last month, DOJ s Loretta Lynch suggested that they had been looking into prosecuting skeptics of global warming (video below). I kid you not! LORETTA LYNCH DISCUSSES CIVIL ACTION FOR CLIMATE CHANGE DENIERS: ",0
16654,WHY DID GOP LEADERS Silence Opposition On Puerto Rico Bankruptcy Bill? This Is What Americans Are 100% FED Up! With!,"Here s yet another example of the leadership in the Republican Party putting themselves and their political careers before the American people. Rep. John fleming of Louisiana is a good man and did the right thing in releasing the truth about the effort to to have a recorded vote. THIS is why the American people are 100% FED Up! with Washington!In yet another display of misplaced priorities, House leadership plans to fast-track the new debt restructuring bill for Puerto Rico in light of their $70 billion debt crisis. But what happened last night at a meeting held in the Natural Resources Committee, demonstrates a new degree of desperation.Earlier this afternoon, Rep. John Fleming (R-LA) released a statement divulging the details of that meeting. He said that members of the committee were asked by House leaders, which presumably includes the committee chairman, Rob Bishop (R-UT), to not ask for a recorded vote on the bill when it comes before the committee this evening. According to Fleming, they were told not to show up to the markup if they plan to request a recorded vote.The benefit of a voice vote is to push the quasi-bailout package to the floor by acclamation and protect vulnerable members from a divisive committee vote. Rob Bishop, for example, faces a primary challenge in his northern Utah district later in the spring.Here is the full statement from Rep. Fleming: In all my time in Congress, no one has ever asked me to do something quite like this, until last night. I was angry. To be asked to walk away to be told to miss a vote   is a request that flies in the face of every member s conscience. Leadership had no business making such a request.  I thought perhaps I was mistaken about what was really being asked of me. But when it was clear they were seriously asking members of the Committee to stand aside so the bill could pass without amendment or vote, I strongly objected along with some other members. This is the kind of  go along  politics Americans and I are tired of. Anytime we don t have full transparency we have a bad outcome.  If the bill comes before the Committee as planned, I will insist on a recorded vote and I will do my best to defeat any bailout this Committee puts before us.  Members weren t even given the discussion draft of the bill (H.R. 4900) until last night. Now they are voting on it less than 24 hours later and were told not to voice concerns about the legislation.Read more: CR ",0
16655,’60 MINUTES’: 9/11 REPORT Could Incriminate Saudi Arabia With These Details,"There s been tons of speculation about possible involvement by Saudi Arabia in the 9/11 terror attack. The 28-page report has been classified but many are calling for the papers to be released. Many details have trickled out but Americans should know the role Saudi Arabia played in supporting the 9/11 terrorists:Tim Roemer told  60 Minutes  the two Saudi nationals found a way to gain access to housing and flight lessons upon their arrival despite  extremely limited language skills and no experience with Western culture. FOX NEWS REPORT: Lawmakers are calling on the White House to declassify more than two dozen pages in the 9/11 Commission report that they say outlines evidence for possible support from the Saudi government for two hijackers who settled in Southern California.A CBS News  60 Minutes  report quoted officials familiar with the 2003 report as saying 28 pages of redacted information raises questions over whether Saudi officials were involved in assisting Nawaf al-Hazmi and Khalid al-Mihdhar upon their arrival in Los Angeles in Jan. 2000. Former Democratic congressman and U.S. ambassador to India Tim Roemer told  60 Minutes  the two Saudi nationals found a way to gain access to housing and flight lessons upon their arrival despite  extremely limited language skills and no experience with Western culture. PLEASE WATCH THE 60 MINUTES 28-PAGES VIDEO: CLICK HERE L.A., San Diego, that s really you know, the hornet s nest,  said Roemer.  That s really the one that I continue to think about almost on a daily basis. According to the report, witnesses say both al-Hazmi and al-Mihdhar met at the King Fahad mosque in Culver City with Fahad al-Thumairy,  a diplomat at the Saudi consulate known to hold extremist views.  He was denied reentry to the U.S. in 2003 for suspected terrorist ties.Thumairy was a  a ghost employee with a no-show job at a Saudi aviation contractor outside Los Angeles while drawing a paycheck from the Saudi government , according to the report. 60 Minutes  also cited phone records that lawmakers say may link Thumairy to Omar al-Bayoumi, a mysterious Saudi who became the hijackers  biggest benefactor.Former U.S. Senator Bob Graham said he believes Bayoumi was a Saudi agent, telling CBS News  Steve Kroft that Bayoumi had  been listed even before 9/11 in FBI files as being a Saudi agent. According to  60 Minutes , Bayoumi visited Thumairy at a Saudi consulate office where he worked on the morning of Feb. 1, 2000. The two then had lunch  at a Middle Eastern restaurant on Venice Boulevard , a meeting which Bayoumi later claimed was a  coincidence , Roemer said.Another 9/11 Commission member, former U.S. Senator Bob Kerrey, has read the redacted 28 pages and told Kroft he and  a solid majority of former 9/11 commissioners  believes they should be declassified. We all have dealt for our careers in highly classified and compartmentalized in every aspect of security,  Kerrey said.  We know when something shouldn t be declassified those 28 pages in no way fall into that category. Via: CBS",0
16656,ARE YOU ONE OF THE 20 U.S. CITIES Targeted For Muslim Refugee Resettlement?,"The big wigs of business are all in on the resettlement of Muslim refugees all over America. There are 20 cities that have been chosen for their  welcoming  grant. This is Soros money and corporate money to replace the American worker with foreign labor. It s legal AND illegal workers who re provided sanctuary. Is your town on the list?Bob Iger, Rupert Murdock, Michael Bloomberg and Bill Marriott are just a few of the corporate execs working to help cities become sanctuaries for migrants   legal and illegal   while offering money to propagate a rosy view of immigrants  impact on the economy. The corporate honchos led by Bloomberg and Disney s Iger have teamed up with the nation s mayors in an organization called the Partnership for a New American Economy.PNAE announced March 29 it has picked 20 cities from among dozens of competing applications for a grant program based on their  welcoming  attitude toward immigrants, refugees and other  New Americans. The 20 cities awarded the  Gateways for Growth Award  are:  Akron and Summit County, Ohio   Anchorage, Alaska   Birmingham, Alabama   Brownsville, Texas   Columbus, Ohio   Detroit   Fargo, North Dakota   Houston   Indianapolis   Kansas City, Kansas/Missouri   Lancaster, Pennsylvania   Los Angeles   Macomb County, Michigan   Nashville, Tennessee   New Orleans   Phoenix and the state of Arizona   Pittsburgh   San Jose, California   Salt Lake County, Utah   Upstate New York region (Syracuse/Buffalo)At least half are already considered  sanctuary cities  and the others will be moving in that direction based on their willingness to compete for a grant that requires greater  inclusiveness  and cultural diversity.To be eligible for the grants a nonprofit had to partner with either a local government or Chamber of Commerce. The grants are to be used primarily for  educating  the public on the merits of expanded immigration.PNAE works with the George Soros-funded groups National Immigration Forum and Welcoming America to educate Americans about the wonders of mass immigration. They say it creates economic growth and vitality and the more immigrants and refugees that flow into a city, state or county the more prosperity they can expect to enjoy. These communities are leaders in the broader and growing trend to be more inclusive, countering the narrative often heard in the mainstream news,  says David Lubell, who started Welcoming America in Nashville several years ago with seed money from Soros.  Inclusive economic growth strategies that take into account both U.S. and foreign-born communities make cities more vibrant, attractive places for all residents to live, work, and thrive.  Lubell s organization is hosting a national strategy session April 19-21 in Atlanta in which it will share techniques on how to  build welcoming community campaigns. Read more: wnd",0
16657,B-52 BOMBERS Back In The Middle East After 25 Years To Put The Hurt On ISIS,"Here we go again 25 years after the Gulf War we re back at it but with ISIS this time.The U.S. Air Force has deployed B-52 long-ranger bombers to the Middle East, for the first time since the Gulf War ended, to conduct strikes against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, officials said Saturday. The B-52s will provide the coalition continued precision and deliver desired airpower effects,  Lt. Gen. Charles Q. Brown Jr., commander, U.S. Air Forces Central Command and Combined Forces Air Component said, Fox News reported.The announcement comes a day after Secretary of State John Kerry said the U.S. would  turn up the pressure further  against the Islamic State during a surprise visit to Baghdad Friday to meet with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi.Via: WT",0
16658,FORMER DEFENSE SECRETARIES Expose Obama As “Inexperienced” And “Overbearing” [Video],"It s no secret that our military has suffered during the Obama years: The U.S. military has been hindered by an overbearing and inexperienced White House under President Barack Obama, according to each of his three former defense secretaries, causing the Pentagon to struggle to carry out operations and make decisions. ",0
16659,TRUMP IS RIGHT: How Immigrants Sent A Staggering Amount Of American Money Back Home,"No matter which candidate you support, you have to admit that once again Trump has brought up a topic that needs to be discussed. BILLIONS of dollars are sent back to home countries from America. Think of how much we lose when $120 billion dollars leaves America! What if we tell Mexico we will stop this flow of money until they pay to build a wall at the border? The estimate for the wall is $25 billion which is nothing compared to the $120 billion that leaves America every year. While we re bleeding money out, the only amount coming into America is $5.1 billion Yes, $120 billion out, $5.1 billion in.Migrants working in the United States sent a staggering $120 billion back to their families last year, it was revealed today. The amount of money being sent by migrants across the entire world reached $530 billion last year, making it a larger economy than Iran or Argentina, the data from the World Bank showed. This worldwide figure has tripled in the last ten years and is now three times bigger than the total aid budgets given by countries around the world. It has sparked debate whether this so-called remittance money could be a viable alternative to relying on help from other governments. In the United States last year, more than $120 billion was sent by workers to families abroad   making it the largest sender of remittances in the world. More than $23 billion went to Mexico, $13.45 billion to China, $10.84 billion to India and $10 billion to the Philippines, among other recipients.In 2011, the World Bank estimated that U.S. remittances alone reached $110.8 billion, which was more than 80 per cent of the size of the total amount of cash flow ($132 billion). It is little surprise as the US is home to the largest number of migrants from developing countries; there are 42.8 million immigrants in the country, making up around 14 per cent of the population.By contrast, 2.4 million Americans live oversees, with largest populations in Mexico, Canada and Puerto Rico, and just $5.1 billion sent back in to the country, data shared on The Guardian showed. The data showed that the biggest beneficiaries included India and China, which each received more than $60 billion, followed by the Philippines ($24 billion), Mexico ($24 billion) and Nigeria ($21 billion). World Bank officials believe the amount they donate could be billions more because not all cash is sent through banks and money transfer companies on which the figures are based.Read more: Daily Mail",0
16660,NEW YORK GOV CUOMO Thinks He’s The Boss of You: Bans Travel To Mississippi!,"NY Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) thinks he s the boss of you! He banned all non-essential travel to Mississippi after the state passed a religious liberty bill that he called a  hateful injustice against the LGBT community.  Can you believe this guy?  The bill, known as House Bill 1523 or the  Protecting Freedom of Conscience from Government Discrimination Act,  was signed into law by Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant (R) Tuesday and will go into effect July 1.The legislation guards against the discrimination of individuals, religious organizations and certain businesses who have  sincerely held religious beliefs or moral convictions  that marriage  should be recognized as the union of one man and one woman. Under the law, religious leaders can decline to  solemnize any marriage  or provide wedding-related services based on religious or moral objections. In addition, Mississippians can decided  whether or not to hire, terminate or discipline an individual whose conduct or religious beliefs are inconsistent  with their own ideals.After the passage of the new law, Cuomo issued an order Tuesday that  requires all New York State agencies, departments, boards and commissions to immediately review all requests for state funded or state sponsored travel  to Mississippi.Last month, Cuomo did the same thing for travel to North Carolina.Read more: The Blaze ",0
16661,SUPREME COURT To Take Up Obama Immigration Actions…Guess Who Gets To Break A Tie Vote,"Obama aims to make illegals eligible for federal benefits This is unreal but what s more unreal is that Obama gets the vote if the Supreme Court has a tie vote. Oh, so we really just have one branch of government and that s the Executive Branch   Lawful presence  is an immigration classification established by Congress that is necessary for valuable benefits, such as Medicare and Social Security. Does the president of the United States have the power to unilaterally tell millions of individuals who are violating federal law that he will not enforce that law against them now, that they may continue to violate that law in the future and that he will take action that makes them eligible for federal benefit programs for which they are not currently eligible due to their unlawful status?Through Solicitor General Donald Verrilli, President Barack Obama is telling the Supreme Court exactly this right now.The solicitor general calls what Obama is doing  prosecutorial discretion. He argues that under this particular type of  prosecutorial discretion,  the executive can make millions of people in this country illegally eligible for Social Security, disability and Medicare.On April 18, the Supreme Court will hear arguments in the case. Entitled United States v. Texas, it pits President Obama against not only the Lone Star State, but also a majority of the states, which have joined in the litigation against the administration.At issue is the policy the administration calls Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents, which would allow aliens in this country illegally who are parents of citizens or lawful permanent residents to stay in the United States. The Executive Branch unilaterally created a program   known as DAPA   that contravenes Congress s complex statutory framework for determining when an alien may lawfully enter, remain in, and work in the country,  the attorney general and solicitor general of Texas explained in a brief submitted to the Supreme Court on behalf of the states seeking to block the policy. DAPA would deem over four million unlawfully present aliens as  lawfully present  and eligible for work authorization,  says the Texas brief.  And  lawful presence  is an immigration classification established by Congress that is necessary for valuable benefits, such as Medicare and Social Security. Read more: cns",0
16662,CATHERINE ENGELBRECHT: “An Attack On One Right Is An Attack On ALL Our Rights…So I Fight!” [Video],This woman is a hero! Catherine Engelbrecht stood up to the IRS after they targeted her. ,0
16663,‘PAY TO STAY’: Feds Open Fake University To Catch Fake Visa Scam [Video],"This is such a huge opportunity and the feds probably just scratched the surface.The current state of some American institutions of higher learning, flush with debates about trigger warnings, sexual assault and affirmative action, have left some critics wondering whether college students have time to learn anything anymore. But on the campus of the University of Northern New Jersey (UNNJ), nestled in idyllic Cranford about 20 miles from the hustle and bustle of Manhattan, no students were concerned with such matters   because the school, as authorities just announced, was an elaborate front used by undercover federal agents to trap people illegally trying to score fake visas for foreign nationals.Now, the UNNJ sting is over, but leaves quite a wake: the indictments of 21  brokers, recruiters, and employers from across the United States who allegedly conspired with more than 1,000 foreign nationals,  as the Department of Justice explained, to keep them in the country under the auspices of an ersatz alma mater. Some who purchased fake papers ended up working at Facebook or working for the U.S. military, as ABC reported. Pay to Stay  schemes not only damage our perception of legitimate student and foreign worker visa programs, they also pose a very real threat to national security,  New Jersey U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman said in a statement.  Today s arrests, which were made possible by the great undercover work of our law enforcement partners, stopped 21 brokers, recruiters and employers across multiple states who recklessly exploited our immigration system for financial gain. Via: WaPo ",0
16664,WITCH HUNT: COMMUNIST CALIFORNIA Raids Home Of Man Behind Planned Parenthood Baby Parts Videos,"Make no mistake about it, we are seeing tactics used by communist countries to shut down views that are contrary to those in positions of power in our government.  SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP)   An anti-abortion activist who made undercover videos at Planned Parenthood clinics said in a social media posting that California Department of Justice agents raided his homeTuesday.Agents seized all video footage from his apartment, along with his personal information, David Daleiden said in a Facebook post. Daleiden, the founder of a group called the Center for Medical Progress, said agents left behind documents that he contends implicate Planned Parenthood in illegal behavior related to the handling of fetal tissue.Center for Medical Progress spokesman Peter Robbio confirmed the social media posting is authentic, but he declined further comment. He said Daleiden lives in Orange County.Rachele Huennekens, a spokeswoman for state Attorney General Kamala Harris, said in an email that she can t comment on any ongoing investigation.Harris said in July that she planned to review the undercover videos to see if center violated any state charity registration or reporting requirements. She said that could include whether Daleiden and a colleague impersonated representatives of a fake biomedical company or filmed the videos without Planned Parenthood s consent.Harris, a Democrat, is running for the U.S. Senate. Daleiden suggested in the social media posting that the raid was politically motivated because Harris has accepted campaign contributions from Planned Parenthood.Ms. Harris s support for Planned Parenthood is no secret: On Wednesday, she criticized an amendment to the federal highway bill submitted by Sen. Rand Paul, Kentucky Republican, to defund Planned Parenthood, which receives roughly $500 million annually in federal grants and reimbursements. The notion that some in DC want to hold CA highway funding hostage in order to defund Planned Parenthood is deeply troubling,  said Ms. Harris on Twitter, as cited on the conservative website Twitchy.In a second email, Ms. Harris said,  @PPFA serves more than 2 mil women a year, providing critical health care like cancer screenings, preventative care and birth control. That this cynical attempt to block women s access to health care is even being considered is yet another example of DC s dysfunction,  Ms. Harris concluded.  Washington TimesHer investigation prompted critics on social media to accuse her of  shooting the messenger  rather than attempting to determine whether Planned Parenthood has violated California law.Daleiden faces related charges in Texas. One of his Texas attorneys, Terry Yates, did not return telephone and email messages Tuesday.Texas authorities initially began a grand jury investigation of Planned Parenthood after the undercover videos were released in August.But the grand jury cleared Planned Parenthood of misusing fetal tissue and indicted Daleiden and a colleague, Sandra Merritt, in January on charges including using fake driver s licenses to get into a Houston clinic.Daleiden previously said his group followed the law in making the videos. His post Tuesday called the raid an  attack on citizen journalism  and said he will  pursue all remedies to vindicate our First Amendment rights.  Via: Sacramento CBS",0
16665,FEDS BUST Biggest Social Security Scam Ever…Judge Among Fraudsters [Video],"Social Security Disability fraud is rampant but the latest bust is the biggest ever and could send three men to prison for life. Social Security Disability attorney Eric Conn and Dr. Alfred Bradley Adkins, a clinical psychologist who worked for Conn, both pleaded not guilty Tuesday to multiple federal charges in U.S. District Court. The men earned $10 million from their scam. Federal agents this week rounded up key figures from one of the biggest frauds in Social Security history, beginning to close out a scandal that forced the government to confront the extent of problems in its generous disability benefit programs.The brazen scheme involved a lawyer who recruited bogus applicants and faked their medical forms, crooked doctors who signed off on the false forms and a handpicked administrative judge who would spot the applications in the system, grab them and approve them, according to the federal indictment, unsealed Tuesday.Senate investigators said Mr. Conn and David B. Daugherty, the federal administrative law judge who was also indicted this month, even tried to discredit a Social Security employee who blew the whistle on them.Former Sen. Tom Coburn, who led the congressional investigation that exposed the fraud ring, said the new indictments were a testament to the whistleblowers who helped shed light on it. This came about through great investigative work and great courage by Social Security and lawyer employees who actually were willing to risk their jobs to do what s right for the country,  he told The Washington Times.Stunningly, many of those whose applications were submitted by the fraud ring are still receiving payments.Social Security tried to suspend payments, saying applicants would have to go back and prove that they really were disabled and that their applications weren t bogus. But a powerful Kentucky congressman, Rep. Harold Rogers, chairman of the House Committee on Appropriations, intervened, insisting that people depended on the money. Social Security backed down and reinstated the benefits   though the agency told Kentucky media last year it is trying to go back and review the cases one by one to try to kick undeserving people off.The agency didn t respond to requests for comment Tuesday from The Times.Mr. Rogers  office also didn t respond to repeated requests for comment.The new indictment was handed up by a grand jury in the eastern district of Kentucky, but the U.S. attorney there is not handling the case. Instead it s being shepherded out of the main Justice Department headquarters in Washington.The three men indicted   Mr. Conn, Mr. Daugherty and Alfred Adkins, a board-certified psychologist   earned more than $10 million from their scheme, which the government is trying to recover, the indictment says.Read more: WT ",0
16666,OUCH! $15 MINIMUM WAGE ACTIVIST Interviewed By Cavuto Just Doesn’t Get The Truth [Video]," We deserve $15 Ummm, you don t get to decide that  Naquasia Legrand, a leader of the $15 minimum wage movement, went on with Neil Cavuto today to defend the outrageous $15 minimum wage. ",0
16667,HERE’S WHY AMERICA IS $19 Trillion Dollars In Debt…Two Cities Have Received $572.5 Million For “Mortgage Assistance”…,"Detroit and Flint, Michigan are getting yet another boondoggle that if you read between the lines is a giveaway of federal dollars that s happened over and over with next to no results. This is how Detroit does things. They go to the feds with their hand out and get money over and over. Remember  Quid Pro Quo : Detroit Council Member Joann Watson: Obama Should Bail Out Detroit in Quid Pro Quo for Votes:  The problem is that many times the money doesn t get to the right people. Here are just a few examples:Report: Detroit s Human Services Dept. wrongfully spent $210,000 grant on really stupid furnitureThe blight removal has been controversial because of the inflated cost:Despite Detroit s Controversial #BlightScandal, Liberals Demand Billions More In Taxpayer AidThe Detroit Public Schools just had a scandal where a school principal was scamming millions out of the budget:Detroit Public Schools principals, officials face bribery chargesIf you think the millions just given to these two cities will go to what it s meant for, I ve got some swampland  in Florida to sell you. The taxpayers need to know about this and call out the elected officials who re doing this either to line their pockets or to win votes. Do we REALLY need millions upon millions for  mortgage assistance ? This is wrong and needs to stop. Michigan originally received $498 million from the Hardest Hit Fund when the program was announced in 2010 in response to the housing crisis that led to unprecedented home price declines and high unemployment. The $74.5 million brings Michigan s total to $572.5 million in federal funding for blight removal and mortgage assistance.The government awarded an additional $74.5 million in  Hardest Hit  funds to Michigan to help stabilize the housing market in the state. Detroit will get $41.9 million for for demolition purposes.Flint will get $13.9 million for demolition purposes, and the remaining $18.6 million will go to help homeowners struggling under the weight of expensive or underwater mortgages. These funds have been critical in helping people stay in their homes and avoid foreclosure while helping Detroit, Flint and other cities across our state eliminate blight and revitalize neighborhoods,  Gov. Rick Snyder said in a statement Monday.Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan said the announcement of the state s share of the $2 billion in additional Hardest Hit funds   a $7.6-billion program which was set to expire at the end of 2017   will help the city continue tearing down blighted structures. The program has already devoted $130 million to Detroit for blight removal. This is more great news for the city of Detroit s blight removal efforts. Thanks to this new round of funding, we will be able continue our efforts to take down vacant buildings at a rate faster than anywhere in the country,  Duggan said in a statement.  In just the past two years, we ve demolished more than 8,000 dangerous structures. The city also has applied for another expansion of its federal Hardest Hit Fund zones and  If this expansion is approved, more than 90 percent of Detroiters will live in neighborhoods that are eligible for demolition using these funds,  Duggan added.In February, the federal government announced an additional $2 billion investment in the Hardest Hit Fund program. Funding is being allocated among participating states in two phases of $1 billion each. Today s funding is from the first of those two phases.Michigan originally received $498 million from the Hardest Hit Fund when the program was announced in 2010 in response to the housing crisis that led to unprecedented home price declines and high unemployment. The $74.5 million brings Michigan s total to $572.5 million in federal funding for blight removal and mortgage assistance.The new mortgage assistance dollars will aid homeowners who may be struggling with a hardship. The Step Forward Michigan online application portal, which closed on Dec. 31, 2015, is expected to reopen next month with the infusion of $18.6 million.Via: DFP",0
16668,OBAMA UNDERMINES AMERICA…Plans To Slash Nuclear Stockpiles…Again,"Dinesh D Sousa warned us about Obama s reduction of our nation s nuclear stockpile in his movie,  2016, Obama s America.  Shortly after his blockbuster movie appeared in theaters across America, Dinesh D Souza was charged with violating federal campaign finance laws and was sentenced to five years of probation, a $30,000 fine, and eight months in a San Diego  community confinement center  where he was forced to undergo  therapeutic counseling. Here is what Dinesh D Souza predicted:Driven by the alleged anti-colonialist ideology of a father he barely met, President Barack Obama systematically is undermining America economically and militarily   leaving it vulnerable to financial collapse, and even as unlikely as the possibility may seem, nuclear attack.And it charges as he slashes the defense budget, Obama is simultaneously pushing to reduce the nation s nuclear stockpile to as low as a few hundred missiles   even as other countries like China, Russia and North Korea are modernizing and expanding their arsenals, and Iran   widely believed to be close to developing nuclear weapons   is threatening to annihilate Israel.   From Dinesh D Sousa s controversial 2010 book,  The Roots Of Obama s Rage   WNDHere is what is actually happening today:The United States cut its nuclear stockpiles by 20 percent between 1996 and 2013, with more reductions likely to come, according to recently declassified information released by the White House.Stockpiles of highly enriched uranium, or HEU, which is used to fuel a nuclear weapon, were cut from 740.7 metric tons to 586.6 metric tons from 1996 to 2013, according to recently declassified information made available by the Obama administration. This reflects a reduction of over 20 percent,  the White House announced.  Moreover, further reductions in the inventory are ongoing; the U.S. Department of Energy s material disposition program has down-blended 7.1 metric tons of HEU since September 30, 2013, and continues to make progress in this area. The stockpile reductions are part of an effort by the Obama administration to eliminate nuclear materials and move away from these types of weapons.The move comes as countries such as Russia and North Korea move to increase their nuclear stockpiles. Russia, for instance, has made several announcements about its intent to boost its nuclear stockpile and number of weapons.However, the United States is moving in the opposite direction.Via:WFB ",0
16669,U.S. TAXPAYERS FOOT $1.4 MILLION BILL So Obama Could APOLOGIZE For America’s Role In Argentina’s “Dirty War” [VIDEO],"President Barack Obama danced the night away in Buenos Aires   at a glitzy state dinner alongside Argentine President Mauricio Macri and his first lady Juliana Awada as part of a two-day state visit. Watch Obama s dirty dancing display HERE.When he wasn t sporting a half-naked Argentinian woman with her legs wrapped around him, he was telling Argentines, There s little difference between communism and capitalism.  (Watch video of speech HERE)President Barack Obama s two-day visit to Argentina, where he tangoed and downplayed the differences between capitalism and communism, cost taxpayers nearly $1.4 million.The president traveled to Argentina last week after his two-day stop in Cuba. The visit racked up substantial costs for hotels, transportation, and advance bathroom maintenance, according to government contracts signed by the State Department and Department of Homeland Security.Lodging for the president and White House staff totaled $115,588, while conference rooms cost $35,584. Another contract for hotel rooms cost $31,585.U.S. Secret Service costs associated with the trip included $120,782 for hotel rooms at the Hyatt Park in Buenos Aires and $707,801 for transportation.Use of Marine One, the presidential helicopter, during Obama s trip cost $44,611. Other transportation costs included contracts worth $68,597, $23,304, $4,789, $8,212, and $24,955.Transportation costs for journalists traveling with the president as part of the White House Correspondents Association totaled $141,794.Finally, a contract signed March 9 for  repair and maintenance for pool bathrooms  for the president s visit to Argentina cost $50,218.President Obama arrived in Argentina on March 23, after he posed in front of a mural of Marxist and mass murderer Che Guevara and did the wave at a baseball game in Cuba.Contracts for Obama s visit to Cuba have not been made public, except for one worth $18,400 for  POTUS press credentials. In all, taxpayers were billed $1,394,294 for the Argentina trip and press credentials in Cuba. One hotel contract was refunded, subtracting $1,926 from the total.The president was widely criticized after he was photographed doing the tango in Buenos Aires just two days after the terrorist attacks in Brussels, Belgium. The attacks killed 32 people, including four Americans, and wounded over 300 others.During the visit, Obama also apologized for America s role in Argentina s  dirty war  in the 1970s and gave a less-than-ringing endorsement of capitalism in a speech to Argentinian youth. So often in the past there has been a division between left and right, between capitalists and communists or socialists, and especially in the Americas, that s been a big debate,  the president said.  Oh, you know, you re a capitalist Yankee dog, and oh, you know, you re some crazy communist that s going to take away everybody s property. Those are interesting intellectual arguments, but I think for your generation, you should be practical and just choose from what works,  Obama said.  You don t have to worry about whether it really fits into socialist theory or capitalist theory. You should just decide what works,  he added.  And I said this to President Castro in Cuba.  Via: Washington Free Beacon",0
16670,THE FEDS $146 BILLION DOLLAR MISTAKE: Bad Things Happen When A Government Prediction Is Way Off,"Let s face it, Obamacare had been a nightmare since it began. We have the website failure and then the corruption with the state set ups where millions went unaccounted for. Yes, we have the Gruber episode that should have buried the whole damn Obamacare debacle. So now we have a HUGE miscalculation on the part of the Congressional Budget Office this is big:What does the future of Obamacare hold now that its total cost is expected to be 11% higher between 2016 and 2025 than initially expected?There are mistakes, and then there are big mistakes. What the Congressional Budget Office s latest report on federal subsidies revealed was a mistake of monstrous proportions on the part of the federal government.Here s what a forecasting error looks like The Congressional Budget Office, or CBO, has been making projections on the future of Obamacare, and healthcare in general, for years. Initially, the CBO had projected that up to 21 million people would sign up for private health insurance using Obamacare s transparent marketplace exchanges by 2016. However, that estimate has been substantially reduced to just 12 million. According to the Department of Health and Human Services, Obamacare enrollment totaled  about 12.7 million  as of the end of third enrollment period (Jan. 31, 2016). Ultimately, the CBO foresees private health enrollment via Obamacare topping out at between 18 million and 19 million people between 2018 and 2026.Why such a huge difference in actual enrollment versus initial projections? To begin with, the government appears to have overestimated just how many people would sign up on private exchanges versus being enrolled via their employer. The data has thus far shown that nowhere near as many people as expected dropped out of employer-sponsored insurance to sign up on Obamacare s marketplace exchanges, meaning there was a considerably smaller uninsured pool than initially anticipated.The other possibility is that the shared responsibility payment (SRP) isn t working as initially expected. The SRP is a penalty charged to consumers who fail to purchase health insurance and who don t have a qualified exemption. The average SRP in the first year of Obamacare (2014) totaled $190, according to H&R Block, with the Kaiser Family Foundation predicting an average penalty of $661 for 2015 tax returns and $969 in 2016. Despite this increasing penalty, young adult enrollment is still well below initial expectations, most likely because the cost of the penalty is still much less than the annual cost of purchasing health insurance.By itself, this 9 million-person enrollment shortfall on Obamacare s exchanges is pretty substantial. Health-benefit providers had been licking their chops with the expectations of adding 20 million-plus enrollees within the first three years following implementation. However, that bubble has been popped, with only a few insurers truly benefiting.But this mistake is far from the worst.Now, here s what a monstrous forecasting boo-boo looks like As noted by the CBO report, the biggest boo-boo comes the federal governments  estimate of how many people would enroll for Medicaid and Children s Health Insurance Program (CHIP).Initial estimates from back in 2010 pegged Medicaid and CHIP combined enrollment at about 52 million in 2016. The actual figures? How about 68 million current enrollees in 2016, or a difference of 16 million. The report notes that total Medicaid/CHIP enrollment grew by 3 million last year, and it s expected to swell to 74 million by 2026.How did the federal government miss so badly? The CBO believes that fewer people than expected enrolled in employer-sponsored plans because they were eligible for free healthcare under the expanded Medicaid program. Traditional Medicaid fully covers consumers making up to 100% of the federal poverty level. Obamacare s expanded Medicaid program, which 31 states and Washington, D.C., took advantage of, covers people earning up to 138% of the federal poverty level. The federal government appears to not have understood the magnitude of the lure to drop out of employer-sponsored care and be covered by Medicaid.What s even more egregious is that this estimate in 2010 was done before a Supreme Court decision in 2012 that allowed states the right to choose whether or not they wanted to expand their Medicaid program.When President Obama initially signed the Affordable Care Act into law in March 2010, Medicaid expansion was mandatory. However, a ruling of 7-to-2 by the Supreme Court allowed individual states to make the decision of whether or not to expand. Ultimately, 19 states have chosen not to. Their reasoning? The federal government offered financial assistance to all expanding states between 2014 and 2016 but fully plans to pare back its assistance to just 90% from 100% between 2017 and 2020. The holdout states simply felt that they would be left on the hook for too much additional revenue generation to cover these new Medicaid members. If Medicaid expansion was mandatory, the CBO estimates another 4 million people would be enrolled.This 16 million-person shortfall is far from insignificant. In fact, the CBO estimates that the federal government s failure to accurately forecast how many people would be enrolled in Medicaid/CHIP to be $146 billion over the next decade. When taking into account factors like the estimated $46 billion the federal government will save by paying out less than expected in subsidies for marketplace exchange enrollees, as well as the $28 billion less it s expected to collect in revenue because the Cadillac Tax will be suspended for an additional two years, Obamacare is now expected to cost $136 billion more than originally forecast over the long-term.Is Obamacare sustainable? It s anyone s guess at this point What does the future of Obamacare hold now that its total cost is expected to be 11% higher between 2016 and 2025 than initially expected? That s really anyone s guess, as major changes could be on the horizon like elect a Republican President who ll scrap the entire thing!Read more: fool.com",0
16671,"A $50,000 FREE-FOR-ALL FOR MINORITIES In The Biggest Obama Scandal Yet","PIGFORD has to be the biggest scam and fraud EVER but I ll bet most Americans haven t even heard about it. IT S ALL ABOUT FREE MONEY! Yes, free money for everyone EXCEPT you have to be a minority to get the $50,000 and it s taxpayer dollars so it s NOT free at all. Our government has spent over $4 BILLION dollars on what was to be a small program to help minority farmers who felt they were discriminated against:Essentially, the process encouraged people to lie and spawned a cottage industry. Claimants had only to file applications for a $50,000 payment by stating that they had  thought about  applying for loans to become a farmer. Where s Congress on this big taxpayer giveaway? Oh, they re voting for billions more to go to this scam of major proportions The Obama administration has again been protected from a troubling scandal by the mainstream media (MSM) using the tactic of omission to simply ignore the scandal, its reality, and the negative blowback attendant to a disturbing story. As sunlight began to illuminate the scandal s inconvenient and troubling facts, charges of racism were used to temporarily silence those sounding the alarm. Seemingly, the alarm-ringers  only crime was having the temerity to respond with a politically incorrect point of view to abuses.The underreported scandal referenced is generally identified as  Pigford.  Pigford s germination occurred in 1997 as a lawsuit (Pigford vs. Glickman) alleging that 91 African-American farmers were unfairly denied loans by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) due to racial discrimination which prevented the complainants from farming. In 1999, the black farmers won their case.Pigford has the distinction of being an out-of-control waste of taxpayer funds and/or a cynical attempt by the Obama administration to curry favor with certain minority groups to which neither President Obama nor Attorney General Eric Holder can plead ignorance of involvement. Both have had knowledge since the court ruled on the Pigford lawsuit; in 2008, then-Senator Barack Obama supported and voted for the funding of the initial settlement. Since then, Eric Holder (and Obama) have been involved in overseeing and managing the Pigford  judgment fund. Yet can Pigford be fairly described as a scandal?Pigford began innocently enough: as a lawsuit to redress a perceived wrong against a group of 91. But then the number climbed to 400 .then 1,600 then The number of black farmers has metastasized   nay, exploded   and the aggrieved group now includes not only blacks, but Hispanics, Native Americans, and females. In fact over 90,000 people have filed claims seeking a payment under the terms of the original Pigford court ruling. That decision, now referred to as Pigford #1, was anticipated to cost approximately $120 million, including legal fees.Pigford #2 is the appellation used to identify an expanded payment regime that funds more payments to African-Americans, Native Americans, Hispanics, and females. This regimen grew out of the fact that thousands of claimants missed the original Pigford #1 filing deadline of October 12, 1999. Interestingly, Native American potential claimants were estimated at 5,300, while plaintiff lawyers pegged the exposure at an estimated 19,000 Native Americans. The judgment fund announced by Agricultural Secretary Thomas Vilsack and Eric Holder in 2010 was expanded from just over $120 million to $1.25 billion, given the expectation of many more filers.However, the explosion of claimants has caused payouts to reach $4.4 billion and has swelled legal fees to over $130 million. More importantly, the claim s process created a rush to get a share of the monies allocated to the judgment fund, even if no real claim existed. Essentially, the process encouraged people to lie and spawned a cottage industry. Claimants had only to file applications for a $50,000 payment by stating that they had  thought about  applying for loans to become a farmer. Proof of a claimant s intent to farm also included a statement from that petitioner saying he or she had attempted to farm by planting a batch of tomatoes in his or her backyard and having that statement verified by a family member. In essence, the need to be a farmer at the time of the alleged discriminatory actions by the USDA was not a requirement to share in the financial redress.Fraud was endemic to the claims process   for example, every apartment in a New York City building received a settlement of at least $50,000. Further, some families received checks of $50,000 for each family member.Read more: American Thinker",0
16672,WILL FBI DIRECTOR Finally Bring The Boom Down On Hillary?,"The answer is yes but they still haven t recovered 30,000 e-mails! FBI Director James Comey is being pressed to  wrap this up  so it will be ending within 6 weeks. Comey is a straight shooter who will do the right thing except it s up to the Justice Department to move forward. So even if Comey does the right thing, Obama minion Loretta Lynch is the ultimate one who will have the power to put the hurt on Hillary. ",0
16673,OBAMA JUST GAVE FREE INTERNET FOR ALL But Guess Who’s Paying For It,"THE COST OF THE OBAMAPHONE PROGRAM JUST WENT UP 50%. HERE S WHY:REMEMBER THIS:  Everybody in Cleveland have got Obamaphone, keep Obama as president, you know?  said Michelle Dowery, an Obama supporter at a 2012 Mitt Romney event, which went viral at the time.  He gave us a phone, he s going to do more.   You sign up, you on food stamps, you on Social Security, you got no income, you got disability. Mr. Obama has indeed done more.The Federal Communications Commission agreed Thursday to expand the Obamaphone, dubbed the LifeLine Program, to include high-speed Internet access. By doing so, the cost of the program will increase by 50 percent, without any efforts to reduce spending elsewhere, or clamp down on the program s waste, fraud and abuse. Failing a major change in direction, the FCC is preparing to massively expand the size and scope of the Lifeline Program without the necessary inclusion of a hard budget or financial constraints,  conservative FCC Commissioner Michael O Reilly wrote in his blog on the commission s website. Such irresponsible action will balloon a program plagued by waste, fraud, and abuse and result in higher phone bills for every American   including those already struggling in the current economy. In sum, it s a recipe for disaster, and I can t and won t be part of it,  he said.The Lifeline program currently, is rife with waste, fraud and abuse.Read more: WT ",0
16674,TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY: Unequal Distribution of Sidewalks Keeps Poor From “Shot At The American Dream”,"Are we sure this guy is actually qualified for this job? Everything is racist and unfair to the Obama minions. It s just hard to take because it s just so idiotic. Have a listen and I know you ll be shaking your head like I was:Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx told a crowd in North Carolina Tuesday that  only 49% of low-income neighborhoods have sidewalks  while more affluent areas have near 90%. In order to have a society where  everyone has a shot at the American Dream, than it s imperative that we acknowledge these challenges. Foxx made the comments to the Charlotte Rotary Club where he discussed the ways that infrastructure should connect people to opportunity.During his speech, Foxx referenced a map of Atlanta that showed areas of pedestrian and bicycle accidents.  The grey areas represent communities of concentrated poverty. This is representative of what s occurring nationally, which is not surprising, because only 49% of low-income neighborhoods have sidewalks. In high-income areas the number is closer to 90%. So, if we want a society in which everyone has a shot at the American dream, than it is imperative that we acknowledge these challenges,  Foxx said. ",0
16675,VIGILANTE PIRATES INTERCEDE Where Government Fails: Prevent Refugees From Reaching Sweden’s Shores,"Like the Soldiers of Oden vigilante group we reported about in February, the National Framed vigilante group is tired of waiting for an inept government to protect its citizens from dangerous criminals arriving by boat from nations who have no intention of assimilating in their country. They ve decided instead, to take matters into their own hands A far right group of vigilante pirate migrant hunters are patrolling Sweden s southern coast by speedboat in a bid to tackle illegal immigration.Nationell Framtid s boats monitor the strait of  resund, a 5km stretch of water between Denmark and Sweden for illegal migrants   who they say are entering Sweden with the help of organised criminal gangs and left wing Danish  do-gooders who think they are helping .Their pseudo-paramilitary get up   all in black punctuated with a bright red tie and insignia badge on their chest paired with black balaclavas and doc martins   are a sinister sight on the misty water.Dennis Ljung, 31, leads the patrol   his far right group the Nationell Framtid   translated as National Future   emerged in April last year during the migrant crisis. We need to take our country back. Our aim is to cleanse our nation free of all immigrants. What we do out on the ocean is just a small step to stop more the mass immigration we have faced for decades,  he told MailOnline.While he is heavily in debt and unemployed, Dennis is one of the few members of the group without a criminal record according to local media reports. At least 11 members have reportedly been convicted for weapons offences and several violent crimes. He dismisses allegations the organisation has neo-Nazi sympathies despite also admitting that  of course  they are in touch with the Soldiers of Odin   a gang of violent white supremacist vigilantes patrolling Finland s streets to  prevent migrant sex attacks . We are a broader organisation than them. We have a written manifesto that outlines our political views, and a code of conduct for how members of Nationell Framtid are supposed to behave   we are not supposed to use violence unless it is necessary for example,  said Dennis. I will never say that we are an organisation of Nazis. Of course we have members who have been involved in that movement, but we are strong nationalists. That is it. Far right vigilante anti-migrant groups across Europe have mushroomed since violence blamed on newcomers rocked the continent.While authorities say they received a record 163,000 applications for asylum in 2015 and are expecting a further 100,000 this year, nearly half may be rejected.Members of Nationell Framtid have been drawn to the group for different reasons, but one thing is clear   they feel the government is not doing enough to prevent illegal immigration to Sweden.Two small speedboats patrol the strait, three men per boat who work 5 or 6 days each week.To help them track down their target  suspicious boats , they re armed with radar, radios, binoculars and  intel  from supporters in Denmark who tip them off to when are where smugglers cross. Once their target is acquired, the team spring into action.Charging through the waters at full speed, shouting warnings through a megaphone the men tell the captain to stop and that they have called the police then shadow them until they leave the Swedish coastline and return to Denmark.If they refuse, the men manoeuvre their small speedboat in front of the boat to stop them from progressing and scream:  We won t leave until you turn around . All boats that we challenge have turned around and gone back to Denmark,  Dennis told MailOnline. In most cases we haven t actually seen any immigrants, we just know that they are inside the boats. At first, their aggressive tactics and menacing attire caused a problem, Dennis admitted to MailOnline during a three-hour interview on their boat in the middle of the strait. As three men in balaclavas and black uniforms we can easily be seen as some kind of modern age pirates. If they have not heard about us they probably see us as dangerous maniacs, but people are used to us and seem to accept what we are doing. Some even praise us since the coast guard is not doing its job,  he said. Via: Daily Mail ",0
16676,WATCH: NEWS CAMERAS CATCH Drug Smugglers Scale Border Fence To Arizona [Video],Cameras catch two drug smugglers crossing the fence from Mexico into Arizona does anyone else out there think we need the National Guard pronto! ,0
16677,"FEDS HUNTING FOR MAN Who Sold Fake CIA, FBI Badges After Attempts To Enter Restricted Areas","This is NOT good at all since a guy was caught trying to enter a nuclear facility using one of the fake badges sold by a Romanian national. The airports are one thing but the restricted facilities like nuclear and electrical plants are big targets for would-be terrorists. We ve reported on lurking around dams before this is a new case of actually producing a badge to try and enter a facility. Federal authorities are trying to track down a man who allegedly manufactured and sold fake U.S. law enforcement badges from the CIA, FBI and Homeland Security Investigations (HSI).Those badges were used to attempt to enter restricted U.S. facilities and impersonate federal agents, according to Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE).ICE said Thursday that it s seeking the public s help to find Romanian national Roberto Craciunica, 34, who is believed to be living in Germany. He is accused of operating a company that manufactured and sold the badges.In one case, a man allegedly impersonated an HSI agent, using one of the company s fake badges to enter the Naval Nuclear Training Command in South Carolina while armed with a Sig Sauer pistol last August. The suspect was indicted, officials said.Read more: ABC",0
16678,LIST OF U.S. STATES With Most Illegal Aliens,"Wow these are some pretty eye-opening statistics Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has made illegal immigration a cornerstone of his campaign, proposing a simple solution for the nation s immigration woes: build a wall and make Mexico pay for it. Texas Sen. Ted Cruz said, if elected president, he would seek out and deport anyone in the country illegally. In contrast, Democratic candidate and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton proposes  a path to full and equal citizenship.  The varied policy proposals by presidential candidates reflect the schism of opinion among Americans on immigration issues.In order to better comprehend this issue, InsideGov synthesized the most recent estimates and broke down the undocumented immigrant population groups by country of birth. This information comes from the Migration Policy Institute s  Unauthorized Immigrant Population Profiles,  which was published in 2013 and contains the most recent data estimates. We then ranked the 25 U.S. states with the largest populations of people living there illegally, and ordered the states from smallest to largest undocumented populations.See the 25 States with Most Undocumented ImmigrantsNote: Data is not provided by the source for Montana, North Dakota or Vermont.Oklahoma #25 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 80,000In 2007, Oklahoma passed a state bill, HB 1804, that made it illegal to house or transport immigrants lacking legal status, allowed law enforcement to verify the citizenship status of anyone arrested and made it more difficult for undocumented immigrants to receive government IDs or assistance.Minnesota #24 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 81,000Jose Antonio Vargas, an immigration activist who publicly revealed his illegal status in 2011, was arrested in 2012 in Minnesota for driving without a valid license. He was interviewed by Immigration and Customs Enforcement but neither detained nor deported.Ohio #23 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 83,000A sheriff in Ohio made national headlines when he sent a controversial open letter to Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto asking for $900,000. The sheriff calculated that was the total cost for jailing Mexican immigrants who were in the U.S. illegally and committed crimes in his community. He wrote:  I think it only fair that you provide me with some financial support for dealing with your criminals.  There was no response from Nieto.Indiana #22 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 93,000Michigan #21 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 97,000Although Republican Gov. Rick Snyder has been a vocal advocate for immigration reform, he was the first governor to pause the resettlement of Syrian refugees in light of the November Paris attacks.South Carolina #20 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 99,000South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham, a former member of the Gang of Eight, has advocated for comprehensive immigration reform. This failed 2016 GOP presidential candidate declared that policies in Republican frontrunner Donald Trump s immigration plan are  not practical  and  self-deportation on steroids. Connecticut #19 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 108,000In 2015, Connecticut state lawmakers expanded in-state tuition and financial aid to undocumented immigrants. Republican Senate Minority Leader Len Fasano said of the reforms:  What are we going to do as a nation? What are we going to do as a state? Are we going to leave you behind. What this says is we re going to give you that chance. Why not let that happen. We ll be a more productive state for it. In light of where we are and how we got here, we are here. Oregon #18 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 115,000Cylvia Hayes, the fiancee of former Democrat Gov. John Kitzhaber, once married an Ethiopian migrant so he could receive a green card. She explained during a press conference:  I was struggling to put myself through college and was offered money in exchange for marrying a young person who had a chance to get a college degree himself if he were able to remain in the United States.  Kitzhaber was re-elected for a fourth term despite the controversy stemming from this revelation.Tennessee #17 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 119,000A woman living in Tennessee received $200,000 in damages due to her mistreatment at a detention center following an arrest for driving without a legal license. She went into labor during her detainment and said she was shackled throughout this experience.Pennsylvania #16 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 136,000In 2007, a federal judge ruled unconstitutional an ordinance in Hazleton, Pennsylvania, that prevented undocumented immigrants from securing housing because it denied them basic civil rights, legal citizens or not. The judge wrote:  Hazleton, in its zeal to control the presence of a group deemed undesirable, violated the rights of such people as well as others within the community. Nevada #15 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 138,000Although Nevada ranks at 15th for its overall population of people living in the state illegally, a 2012 study by the Pew Research Center found that this group comprises the highest proportion of the state s population compared to the rest of the U.S.Colorado #14 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 164,000Illegal Pete s, a Colorado-based Mexican restaurant, received criticism from local community members for its name. They said the use of  illegal  implies a negative context regarding citizenship and racial discrimination. The name has not been changed.Massachusetts #13 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 185,000In Revere, Massachusetts, a high school cheerleading captain faced criticism for a tweet that commented on immigration. Her tweet, supposedly inspired by 2016 presidential candidate Donald Trump, stated:  When only 10 percent of Revere votes for mayor cause the other 90 percent isn t legal.  School officials started a  cultural sensitivity program  as a result of this tweet.Washington #12 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 204,000After the Vietnam War, the governor of Washington welcomed about 30,000 Vietnamese refugees who were denied entry by then-California Gov. Jerry Brown. Chandler Felt, a King County demographer, said:  So that kind of established a beachhead of recognition that King County was a welcoming place for refugees and immigrants. It really started to increase the rate of immigration. Since then we ve been getting refugees and immigrants from all different parts of the world. Maryland #11 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 233,000A Maryland second-grader made national headlines in 2010 when she posed a question about immigration to first lady Michelle Obama. The young girl asked:  My mom   she says that Barack Obama is taking everybody away that doesn t have papers.   But my mom doesn t have any papers. Virginia #10 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 247,000A Virginia immigration law passed in 2007 by Prince William County required police to investigate the citizenship status of suspects under arrest. This ordinance is still in effect.Arizona #9 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 264,000The passing of Senate Bill 1070 reflected the severity of immigration issues in Arizona. This controversial law allows police to pull over motorists on the assumption they may be in the country illegally. Most of the law s provisions were overturned in the Supreme Court decision Arizona v. United States.North Carolina #8 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 342,000Georgia #7 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 393,000New Jersey #6 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 509,000New Jersey s Ellis Island, a historic gateway to the United States for immigrants, processed over 12 million arrivals during its 62 years of operation.Illinois #5 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 519,000Illinois passed legislation in 2014 that allows residents to receive kidney transplants, regardless of their legal status. The program could be financially beneficial by offsetting the cost of emergency dialysis services, which are part of a state-funded program.Florida #4 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 605,000Florida holds a significant population of Cuban immigrants. Many make the dangerous journey across the Florida Strait from Cuba on rafts in an attempt to secure citizenship. The United States has a special immigration policy for Cubans, informally referred to as the  wet-foot, dry-foot  policy, where those who successfully make the journey to U.S. soil can apply for legal status after one year.New York #3 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 867,000 Many immigrants without proper documentation in New York claim Asia as their area of birth. They represent 10 percent of the total undocumented population in the United States.Texas #2 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 1,464,000A case against Texas, stemming from the refusal to issue birth certificates for U.S.-born children, made its way to federal courts in 2015. Texas officials required specific forms of ID from the mother before issuing her child s certificate, which immigrants without documentation could not produce.California #1 Estimate of Undocumented Population: 3,034,000California has the largest population of immigrants without proper documentation. The state provides a variety of benefits and protections to these populations. The City of Huntington Park attracted controversy when it was revealed that two members of city commissions were undocumented immigrants from Mexico.Via: InsideGov.com",0
16679,AFTER GM’S TAXPAYER BAILOUT AND $10 BILLION IN FORGIVEN DEBT…Cars Now Made In China [Video],"Was the GM bailout REALLY about American jobs? The taxpayers were sold a bill of goods on the GM bailout and still haven t seen anything but jobs going overseas. The American worker and American taxpayer deserve better!In 2016, General Motors will roll out for the first time in the United States a new model of Buick built exclusively in China: the Buick Envision.It s the first time the iconic American auto manufacturer will sell cars built in China in the United States since receiving a sizable taxpayer-funded bailout at the end of the George W. Bush administration and beginning of the Barack Obama administration.The Buick Envision which was available in China for purchase as far back as 2014 will make its official debut in the United States in the summer of 2016.The Buick Envision bills itself  a luxury crossover designed to turn heads and welcome you in. A quick search of  Buick Envision  leads to the Buick Envision s website where one can explore all the features and design of the vehicle. The website doesn t appear to make any reference to the fact that the Envision is manufactured in China.The issue of U.S. auto manufacturers moving production facilities overseas has taken a center stage this presidential election, with the rise of both billionaire Donald Trump in the Republican Party and of Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT)16% of Vermont in the Democratic Party.Trump has drawn attention to GM competitor Ford for the company s decision to move manufacturing to Mexico, but Ford wasn t the recipient of a taxpayer-funded bailout. Sanders, meanwhile, has used his opposition to the bailouts to show that he isn t influenced by crony capitalism all while former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has tried to take credit for saving the auto industry with her support of the bailout.Breitbart News reached out to American Jobs Alliance to get its reaction to GM s decision to import Chinese-produced cars.  When the taxpayers bailed out General Motors, we were told it was all about saving jobs in America. Now GM turns around and throws Americans under the wheels of Buicks made in China. Where does it stop? Will General Motors build Cadillacs, Chevys and GMC trucks in China next?  Curtis Ellis executive director American Jobs Alliance told Breitbart News.General Motors has also announced plans to sell a Chinese manufactured hybrid Cadillac, the CT6 in American markets. Flint was known for decades as Buick City. It s now jobless, bankrupt and destitute,  Ellis continued.Read more: Breitbart",0
16680,FLASHBACK VIDEO: Al Sharpton Assaults FOX News Reporter For Asking Baltimore Mayor Why She Allowed Thugs Loot And Burn Down Businesses,"When did Americans decide they were okay with Democrats exempting themselves from the same laws everyone else is required to follow? Fox News reporter Leland Vittert had a brief exchange with Al Sharpton and Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake.Vittert said he wanted Rawlings-Blake to answer a number of questions about the rioting over the past few days in the wake of Freddie Gray s death. He said he asked: What do you have to say to the number of officers injured, and what do you have to say to businesses that were looted during a reported  stand down  order? Why can t we ask questions?  Vittert asked.Rawlings-Blake remained silent while Sharpton said they d answer questions at the press conference.Vittert added that he asked officers who  shoved [him] out of the way  why they were protecting the mayor from simple questions, yet decided not to protect businesses from rioters. Via: FOX News",0
16681,TOP TEN Most “Ethically Challenged” Clinton E-mails,"The party s over or is it? Hillary Clinton and her aides will need to decide whether to lie or tell the truth to the FBI about her e-mail and official business. This puts them in a position of choosing between being honest about those emails, or lying to the FBI, which is a crime,  said Matthew G. Whitaker, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Iowa from 2004 to 2009. He is presently executive director of the Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust (FACT) in Washington, D.C.Federal agents are preparing to schedule interviews with Clinton s  longtime and closest aides  about her use of the private email and server throughout her tenure as the nation s chief diplomat from 2009 to 2013, the Los Angeles Times reported Monday.Despite Clinton s repeated denial she ever sent or received classified information via her private email, federal investigators said more than 2,000 of the 55,000 pages of emails she turned over to the Department of State did include classified material. More than 20 of those emails contained information so sensitive and classified members of Congress were not allowed to read them.Whitaker s group made public its list of what it judges to be the  top 10 most ethically challenged Hillary emails  March 10, 2016:Nepotism: Clinton intervened Aug. 22, 2012, on behalf of her son-in-law, Marc Mezvinsky, in an effort to secure State Department assistance for one of his business associates with ties to a Clinton Foundation donor. FACT filed a complaint with the U.S. Office of Government Ethics on this issue. Favoring Insiders: Clinton  impressed  billionaire donor George Soros with his easy access to her, according to a May 12, 2012, email to her from Neera Tanden, veteran Clinton adviser and president of the liberal think tank Center for American Progress. Above The Law: Clinton told aide Jake Sullivan in a June 17, 2011, email to disregard classification security regulations and send information for a speech via a non-secure email system, which forced the aide to either break the law or disobey an order. Special Interests: In a July 26, 2010, email exchange with Clinton, Sullivan forwarded a message from Jeffrey Farrow, an influential lobbyist for a Pacific island government. The exchange  raises red flags about whether Farrow had made  requests,  according to FACT. Selling Access: A Dec. 10, 2009, email discussed attempts by Clinton campaign and foundation donor Brian Greenspun to set up a meeting between Clinton and a top Israeli official who had  been trying to meet with [Clinton] to no avail.  The email suggests certain campaign and foundation donors had a privileged  back door  to Clinton. Conflicts Of Interest: Clinton pushed for the State Department to work with the Clinton Foundation and the Red Cross on a project in Haiti. The Jan. 19, 2010, email from Clinton to Chief of Staff Cheryl Mills indicates a clear conflict of interest, according to FACT. Helping Political Allies: Mark Penn, Clinton s 2008 presidential campaign pollster and long-time political adviser, complained about not having timely access on a corporate event in China. His complaints were apparently resolved after a Feb. 22, 2010, email from Clinton aide Kris Balderston that set up a telephone call with Clinton. Trading Favors: Barely a week after the Penn complaint, Balderston reported in a March 2 email to Clinton that major corporations, including Boeing, CITI and Blackstone, agreed to provide financial support for the event.  Even the appearance of this sort of favor trading, involving the public, private and political sectors, is a bad ethics practice,  according to FACT. Abuse Of Position: A Sept. 15, 2011, email forwarded to Clinton, Sullivan and aide Huma Abedin listed multiple State Department officials attending the Clinton Foundation Global Initiative conference despite having  no official role.  Robert Hormats, a department official, was also a speaker at a dinner co-hosted by the Goldman Sachs Wall Street investment firm that later paid Clinton $675,000 for three speeches. The dinner focused on investing in women, Clinton s favorite Clinton Foundation project. Duping Obama: In a Sept. 20, 2011, email to Clinton, Mills forwarded a draft of President Barack Obama s planned remarks to the Clinton Foundation Global Initiative. FACT contends that  Clinton doesn t appear to have routinely received copies of the President s draft speeches, and it sends bad ethical signals to treat a speech given to her family s organization differently. Read more: biz pac",0
16682,NATIONAL BORDER PATROL UNION Gives First Time Ever Endorsement: “You Can Judge a Man By His Opponents”,"Our most pressing issue is border control and terrorism. If you ve been paying attention to the border issues, you know we have basically had open borders during the Obama presidency. We ve become a global magnet for ANYONE to come across our border. Who knows how many terrorists and violent gang members have crossed our border. The bottom line is that the American taxpayer should NEVER have to pay for the people coming across and should not be put at risk. This is a safety issue and a financial issue! We need big changes and we need them fast. The Republican party and the Republicans in charge now have done NOTHING to fix this problem. Does this tell you anything? We need to clean house and elect people who will put AMERICA FIRST! The NBPC has had a longstanding practice of not endorsing presidential candidates in the primaries. Via the National Border Patrol website:The National Border Patrol Council is the official organization representing our nation s Border Patrol Agents. We represent 16,500 agents who selflessly serve this country in an environment where our own political leaders try to keep us from doing our jobs.The NBPC has had a longstanding practice of not endorsing presidential candidates in the primaries. We will not, however, shy away from voicing our opinions as it pertains to border security and the men and women of the United States Border Patrol. As such, we are breaking with our past practice and giving our first-ever endorsement in a presidential primary. We think it is that important: if we do not secure our borders, American communities will continue to suffer at the hands of gangs, cartels and violent criminals preying on the innocent. The lives and security of the American people are at stake, and the National Border Patrol Council will not sit on the sidelines.As an organization we expect our elected officials to aggressively pursue the interests of the country. America has already tried a young, articulate freshman senator who never created a job as an attorney and under whose watch criminal cartels have been given the freest border reign ever known.Unlike his opponents, Donald Trump is not a career politician, he is an outsider who has created thousands of jobs, pledged to bring about aggressive pro-American change, and who is completely independent of special interests. We don t need a person who has the perfect Washington-approved tone, and certainly NOT another establishment politician in the W.H. Indeed, the fact that people are more upset about Mr. Trump s tone than about the destruction wrought by open borders tells us everything we need to know about the corruption in Washington.We need a person in the White House who doesn t fear the media, who doesn t embrace political correctness, who doesn t need the money, who is familiar with success, who won t bow to foreign dictators, who is pro-military and values law enforcement, and who is angry for America and NOT subservient to the interests of other nations. Donald Trump is such a man.Mr. Trump is as bold and outspoken as other world leaders who put their country s interests ahead of all else. Americans deserve to benefit for once instead of always paying and apologizing. Our current political establishment has bled this country dry, sees their power evaporating, and isn t listening to voters who do all the heavy lifting. Trump is opposed by the established powers specifically because they know he is the only candidate who actually threatens the established powers that have betrayed this country.You can judge a man by his opponents: all the people responsible for the problems plaguing America today are opposing Mr. Trump. It is those without political power   the workers, the law enforcement officers, the everyday families and community members   who are supporting Mr. Trump.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
16683,STARVE YOUR CHILDREN OR ELSE: Punishment From Feds If Michelle Obama’s Food Plan Not Followed,"You ve probably seen the disgusting photos of the official school lunch that s now given to your children. It s pretty bad so we hope you make lunch for your kids. We could post example after example of the skimpy and unappetizing lunch that the new lunch program is forcing on kids.  Hunger-Free-Kids  is the name of the program but from all reports we ve heard the kids are starving and not getting enough food. so now the government is going to  punish  schools for not starving their kids? Liberal lunacy!The federal government is taking steps to fine schools that do not comply with first lady Michelle Obama s school lunch rules.The U.S. Department of Agriculture s Food and Nutrition Service issued a proposed rule Monday to codify parts of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act, which was championed by Mrs. Obama.The regulation would punish schools and state departments with fines for  egregious or persistent disregard  for the lunch rules that imposed sodium and calorie limits and banned white grains.A West Virginia preschool teacher was threatened with fines for violating the rules by rewarding her students with candy for good behavior in June 2015. The teacher ultimately did not have to pay, but the school had to develop a  corrective action plan  with training on the policies.The government now seeks to make fines enforceable by regulation. Section 303 of the law requires that the federal government  establish criteria for the imposition of fines  for all the Department of Agriculture s child food programs. Under section 303, the Secretary or a State agency may establish an assessment against any school food authority or school administering the Child Nutrition Programs if the Secretary or the State agency determines that the school or school food authority failed to correct severe mismanagement of any program, failed to correct repeated violations of program requirements, or disregarded a requirement of which they have been informed,  the proposed rule states.The government insisted that fines would be limited only to schools, school food authorities, and state agencies that have  failed to correct severe mismanagement of any program, disregarded a requirement of which it has been informed, or failed to correct repeated violations of program requirements. It is important to note that the statutory scheme only anticipates assessments be established in instances of severe mismanagement of a program, disregard of a program requirement of which the program operator had been informed, or failure to correct repeated violations [emphasis in original],  according to the proposed regulation.  These criteria suggest that violations that would result in assessments would be egregious or persistent in nature, remaining unresolved after the normal monitoring and oversight activities have failed to secure corrective action. Read more: WFB ",0
16684,FINALLY! FBI Uses Mystery Method To Unlock Terrorist’s Phone,"Finally! This ends the court battle so we ll see what happens with the phone The FBI says it successfully used a mysterious technique without Apple s help to break into an iPhone linked to the gunman in a California mass shooting.The surprise development effectively ends a pitched court battle between Apple and the Obama administration.The government told a federal court Monday without any details that it accessed data on gunman Syed Farook s iPhone and no longer requires Apple s assistance. Farook and his wife died in a gun battle with police after killing 14 people in San Bernardino, California, in December.Apple did not immediately comment on the development.A U.S. magistrate last month ordered Apple to provide the FBI with software to help it hack into Farook s work-issued iPhone. The order touched off a debate pitting digital privacy rights against national security concerns.VIA: THE BLAZE",0
16685,FIDEL CASTRO MOCKS President Obama…Blasts Him For Meddling In Communist Country’s Affairs,"B..b b but what about the wave the baseball game, the posing in front of Che Guevara artwork? We were under the impression that our communist leader and Cuba s communist leader had an understanding, or at least a special bond between kindred spirits Fidel Castro   speaking out for the first time since President Obama s historic visit to Cuba   blasted the US leader for trying to meddle in his country s affairs.In a letter titled  Brother Obama  and published Monday in El Granma, the official state newspaper of the Cuban Communist Party, the island nation s former president scoffed,  We don t need the empire to give us any presents. Castro, 89, ripped Obama for assuming that Cuba trusted him when he said the US government is done trying to overthrow the Communist regime and that this will help the island move more quickly toward economic and political reform. My modest suggestion is that he reflects and doesn t try to develop theories about Cuban politics,  Castro said. No one should pretend that the people of this noble and selfless country will renounce its glory and its rights,  he wrote.  We are capable of producing the food and material wealth that we need with the work and intelligence of our people. He even took a swipe at Obama s relative youth. Native populations do not exist at all in the minds of Obama. Nor does he say that racial discrimination was swept away by the Revolution; that retirement and salary of all Cubans were enacted by this before Mr. Barack Obama was 10 years old,  Castro said.Obama had said in a speech that  it is time, now, for us to leave the past behind,  but the diehard Commie retorted,  I imagine that any one of us ran the risk of having a heart attack on hearing these words from the President of the United States. Castro ceded power to his brother Raul in 2008. Obama met with Raul last week, the first time a US president had been to Cuba since 1928. Via: NYP",0
16686,HILLARY CLINTON FLEECED UCLA With This Outrageous “Special” Fee For A Speech Not To Mention The Other Demands,"Wow! Aren t FOIA requests great? You get to read about what really happened or what these politicians are REALLY like. In the case of Hillary, she s gonna fleece a public university AND then ask for special stuff like special food. She s such a grifter!Former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton charged $300,000 to speak to students and faculty at University of California Los Angeles in March, even after school officials tried to negotiate the deal.According to new documents obtained by the Washington Post under the Freedom of Information Act, the school asked for a reduced rate for public universities, but Mrs. Clinton s representatives said that $300,000 was the  special university rate. The documents show that planning for Mrs. Clinton s appearances took over a year, and that representatives managed everything from the size of pillows on armchairs used on stage to the multiple teleprompters requested for the lecture hall. She uses a lavalier [microphone] and will both speak from the audience and walk around stage, TED talk style. We need a teleprompter and 2-3 downstage scrolling monitors [for] her to read from,  UCLA administrator Patricia Lippert told The Washington Post.E-mails show that Mrs. Clinton s team rejected the podium selected for her use at the UCLA event, sending school officials scrambling to find a more suitable podium and rent a new university seal to match.Mrs. Clinton s representatives requested  Coffee, tea, room temp sparkling and still water, diet ginger ale, crudit , hummus and sliced fruit  for the green room, according to The Washington Post.Read more: WT",0
16687,DONALD TRUMP WAS RIGHT AGAIN: U.S. Funds NATO In The Hundreds Of Billions,"Arkansas Senator Tom Cotton came out in agreement with Donald Trump last week on our role in NATO. They disagree on a solution but it s a great idea and about time they bring this to the forefront. SENATOR TOM COTTON ON AMERICA S ROLE IN NATO:Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton on Friday discussed his participation in a meeting with Donald Trump earlier this week, remarking that he and the Republican presidential frontrunner have similar concerns when it comes to the United States  role in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.  You know, he had spoken earlier that day to The Washington Post editorial board and raised some serious questions about NATO. I share some of those questions,  Cotton said in an interview with MSNBC s  Morning Joe.   We used to split our costs 50/50 between the U.S. and Europe. Today, it s 70-30 between the U.S. and Europe.  Read more: PoliticoIn an interview with The Washington Post editorial board, Donald Trump made an accurate statement about the U.S. subsidization of fellow NATO members:TRUMP: Look, I see NATO as a good thing to have   I look at the Ukraine situation and I say, so Ukraine is a country that affects us far less than it affects other countries in NATO, and yet we are doing all of the lifting, they re not doing anything. And I say, why is it that Germany is not dealing with NATO on Ukraine? Why is it that other countries that are in the vicinity of the Ukraine not dealing with   why are we always the one that s leading, potentially the third world war, okay, with Russia? Why are we always the ones that are doing it? And I think the concept of NATO is good, but I do think the United States has to have some help. We are not helped. I ll give you a better example than that. I mean, we pay billions   hundreds of billions of dollars to supporting other countries that are in theory wealthier than we are.DIEHL: Hundreds of billions?TRUMP: Billions.Trump s GOP opponents jumped on his comments and accused him of suggesting that the U.S. should leave NATO, or at least cut back its support of the alliance.In fact, Trump was correct that the U.S. is paying  hundreds of billions of dollars to supporting other countries  via NATO each year, never mind additional military subsidies to non-NATO allies.In 2014, the collective GDP of all NATO members was US$37.5 trillion. During the same year, the alliance spent a total of US$924 billion on military expenditures, of which the U.S. spent the majority ($610 billion), according to the SIPRI Military Expenditure Database.Consequently, the alliance collectively spent 2.47% of GDP on defense. The U.S. was the only member above this value, coming in at 3.5% of GDP. In other words, the U.S. subsidizes each and every other member of NATO.This leads us to the following chart, showing the individual defense spending deficits toward the common defense in 2014 for each NATO member   note that the U.S. has a  surplus  of US$180 billion that equals the sum of all other member deficits.Unsurprisingly, Germany (US$47 billion per year) and Canada (US$26 billion per year) are the biggest NATO laggards, followed closely by Spain and Italy at $US21 billion per year each. These four countries constitute almost two thirds of the total NATO deficit that has to be covered by the United States.Trump had good instincts on this.Read more: American Thinker",0
16688,OBAMA: ‘There’s little difference between communism and capitalism’ [Video],Riiiight just  choose from what works  ,0
16689,OBAMA TAKES TWO GAS GUZZLING PLANES For Sightseeing…What Global Warming?," Obama brings two gas guzzlers on a sightseeing trip just another day in the life of preezy It s really easy to spend someone else s money, isn t it? In this case, it s YOUR money! The really ironic thing is that Obama likes to preach about global warming HummmPresident Obama brought along a second, smaller Air Force One for his family to enjoy a day of sightseeing in Argentina on Thursday.After dancing the tango at a state dinner in Buenos Aires Wednesday night, the president and first lady Michelle Obama took their daughters aboard the government plane colloquially known as  baby  Air Force One Thursday to fly to the scenic town of Bariloche in southern Argentina. It s a Boeing 757 used when traveling to places where the runway is too short for the primary Air Force One.The larger Air Force One, a 747-200, was parked alongside the smaller plane at the airport in Buenos Aires, according to pool reporters traveling with the president. It costs about $206,000 per hour to fly the larger plane, which the president is expected to use for the 10-plus-hour flight back to Washington late Thursday night.It s common for the government to have a backup plane available when the president travels, although not often for a family sightseeing excursion.Bariloche is a lakeside resort town nestled in the foothills of the Andes mountains, famous for its chocolates and Swiss-style architecture.Bariloche is also well-known for having served as a sort of haven for Nazis on the run after World War II. Several top former Nazis, including Dr. Josef Mengele, the  Angel of Death  from the Auschwitz death camp, are believed to have sought refuge there in the decades after the war.Via: WT",0
16690,MAKE $250K A YEAR? You Could Qualify For Subsidized Housing In Palo Alto,"Is this not the craziest thing ever? No wonder California is broke! This sounds so much like Agenda 21 everyone s on the dole!Palo Alto is seeking housing solutions for residents who are not among the Silicon Valley region s super-rich, but who also earn more than the threshhold to qualify for affordable housing programs.The city council has voted to study a housing proposal that would essentially subsidize new housing for what qualifies as middle-class nowadays, families making from $150,000 to $250,000 a year.The plan would focus on building smaller, downtown units for people who live near transit and don t own cars, along with mixed-use retail and residential developments.Sky-rocketing housing prices in Palo Alto have left some in limbo; with teachers, firefighters and other government workers not earning enough to afford cost of living.Randy Bean says while she still loves her Palo Alto neighborhood, she can t help but notice the changes that are making it unrecognizable. I just find it kind of sad that we are reducing ourselves to this small profile of young, rich, mostly white, mostly tech. It s not the community that I moved into 33 years ago,  Bean said.And now, as a documentary film producer, she says she can t afford to stay here.Some of the small two-bedroom, one-bath homes on her block are worth between $1.5 and $2 million   as teardowns. That s just what the dirt is worth. Prices have just gone through the roof, making it unaffordable for middle-class people, your firefighters, your teachers, and, frankly, some of your doctors,  Palo Alto Vice Mayor Greg Scharff said.Scharff worries that losing middle-class workers will hurt the city.  What the council is proposing is that we work together to fund and subsidize, what is basically middle-class housing; which, traditionally, has not been subsidized,  Scharff said.Bean can hardly believe it. We have people struggling to make it at a quarter-million dollars a year,  Bean said.  That s a terrible thing. Read more: KCBS",0
16691,MOST UNWANTED MAN IN THE WORLD: Argentinians Don’t Want Obama In Their Country…Americans Would Like Him To Stay There,"January 2017 can t come fast enough for America, and for the rest of the world who is 100% FED UP with this freeloading, fascist loving family .For two days President Barack Obama has defied calls from Republicans to cancel his trip to South America and return home in the wake of the terror attacks in Brussels.And now it seems even his guests are sick of having him after dozens of human rights protesters took to the streets of Buenos Aires to demand he leave Argentina.But instead of departing Obama chose to carry on regardless this evening as he attended a glitzy banquet alongside wife Michelle, Argentine President Mauricio Macri and first lady Juliana Awada.The foursome were pictured arriving at the Centro Cultural Kirchner, named after Argentina s former Prime Minister and Marci s predecessor, in the country s capital this evening.The group paused for a photo opportunity on a red carpet with Obama and Marci dressed in suits and Michelle and Awada in glamorous evening dresses.From there they made their way into a leafy candlelit courtyard for champagne, where Obama was pictured clinking glasses with Marci. Meanwhile a few streets away human rights protesters were busy burning American flags and demanding Obama leave the country. The protesters accuse America of backing dictatorial regimes during the Cold War in South America, including in Argentina, and hold the U.S. responsible for the thousands who died or were disappeared under their rule.Today marks the 40th anniversary of the military coup in Argentina that ushered in one of the most oppressive dictatorships in Latin American history, which demonstrators argue makes Obama s visit particularly offensive.Earlier in the day, Obama sought to deflect criticism of his foreign travel in the wake of Belgium s terror attacks, saying the U.S. must show ISIS that it does not have power over its citizens.  We are strong, our values are right. You offer nothing, except death,  Obama said of ISIS.Gesturing in the direction of Argentinian President Mauricio Macri, who was standing to his left at a joint news conference this afternoon in Buenos Aires, Obama said,  It is important for the United States president and the United States government to be able to work with people who are building and who are creating things. We have to make sure that we lift up and stay focused, as well, on the things that are most important to us,  he said.  Because we re on the right side of history.  Via: Daily MailYeah right Barry. ",0
16692,"WOW! BRITISH ACTRESS HAMMERS EU Leaders: “Every one of you who said refugees are welcome, You Are Responsible For Brussels…Europe is ‘Jihadi Central'”","Outspoken British actress and columnist asks brilliant question:  Any mosques lit up in the colors of the Belgian flag?  She is dead on (no pun intended) about these  refugees  flooding Europe and attempting to flood (with the aid of Obama and Democrats like Hillary Clinton) America.KATIE HOPKINS has been told to  show some respect  for those affected by the Brussels terrorist attacks, after blaming what happened on refugees and German chancellor Angela Merkel.Look at you all. Gawping at pictures of death. Fascinated by the chaos you brought to our peaceful countries. You   the left   disgust me.  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) March 22, 2016On a more positive note, the Jihadi's of Brussels just put Donald Trump much closer to the White House.  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) March 22, 2016The controversial columnist said anyone who supported those fleeing war-torn countries was also in the frame for the blasts, which has so far claimed 34 lives.Any mosques lit up in the colours of the Belgium flag? No   thought not. Just celebrations in prayer houses country-wide #ReligionOfMurder  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) March 22, 2016The 41-year-old told her 628,000 Twitter followers:  Next time you hear someone say we are safer IN the EU   remember Brussels. Seen as the heart of Europe, it is now jihadi central. Katie continued:  How can you separate the human from the political. Merkel   and her ilk   blew up Brussels #brexit.How can you separate the human from the political. Merkel   and her ilk- blew up Brussels. #brexit  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) March 22, 2016How about we cut from pics of dead bodies on the Metro   to more boats, happily crossing the Med. liberal left   sh*t at joining the dots  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) March 22, 2016 How about we cut from pics of dead bodies on the Metro   to more boats, happily crossing the Med. Liberal left   s*** at joining the dots. @KTHopkins totally agree xx  Danielle Mason   (@daniellemasonUK) March 22, 2016Katie added:  Every one of you who said refugees are welcome, if you said  let them in . You are responsible for Brussels. And you still can t see. Human traffickers setting up new cargo ship route from Libya to Italy. Are you ready Brussels? Open borders=open season for ISIS #brexit  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) March 22, 2016Her remarks were quickly met by angry users who blasted her for the insensitive tweets. To those of us who thought what @KTHopkins has had to go through recently would open up a shred of humanity, sense or empathy have been disappointed,  one person wrote.Via: Express UK ",0
16693,BELGIUM’S POLITICAL LEADER Michaël Modrikamen Makes Powerful Video Endorsing Donald Trump…WARNS Against Muslim Migrant Invasion: “America should not become another Brussels”,"This video was published on March 11, 2016, exactly 11 days before the terror attack took place in Brussels. Micha l Modrikamen, president of the Peoples Party in Belgium says he fully supports Donald Trump. He asked Trump to  make America great again  and warned Americans about not becoming another Brussels:  It was once a vibrant, entrepreneurial, joyful, peaceful city. That was before. Brussels is becoming a third world city with a majority of Muslim migrants within 10-15 years according to demographic studies.This situation is being aggravated by the current migrant system.  Message from BRUSSELS. I support Donald Trump !Message from BRUSSELS. I support Donald Trump !Posted by Mischa l Modrikamen on Friday, 11 March 2016",0
16694,"WATCH: MUSLIM MAYOR Of Rotterdam, Holland To Muslim Immigrants, “If you can’t accept freedom, f*ck off”","Freedom is under attack across the globe. Radical Muslims are committing horrendous acts of violence against innocent people around the world. Meanwhile, the Left demands we don t identify the faith of the terrorists, for fear of offending them. It s time to fight back America. The Netherlands, France, and the Uk are our future.Moroccan born Mayor of Rotterdam, Ahmed Aboutaleb grew up in a very poor family. His family came to Holland at the age of 15. He has no tolerance for liberals who try to justify the violent actions of  poor  Muslims. He has taken a hard line in the city of Rotterdam, which has been overrun with Muslim migrants who have no intention of assimilating. Here is his open, honest and some would say stunning response to the Muslims who attacked the Charlie Hebdoe publication in Paris:https://youtu.be/Jped8eVIZoEMayor Aboutaleb is not the only one speaking out against the Muslim invasion of the Netherlands.Geert Wilders, Party for Freedom leader in the Netherlands appears on trial against free speech for speaking the truth about the invasion of Muslim migrants in the Netherlands who refuse to assimilate. He has been chased down and has had his life threatened by radical Muslims for the past 11 years. His story should send shockwaves through America, but alas, our media does everything they can to ignore his message. Those in the media who highlight him, do it in such a way as to make him out to be a villain and hater, much like they have tried to do to Donald Trump for saying we need to stop the flow of Muslim migrants into America until we can properly vet them.Watch Geert Wilders chilling  Orwellian  testimony here:Here is an example of the hate and vitriol Geert Wilders, the brave leader of the Freedom Party in the Netherlands is facing on a regular basis: ",0
16695,OBAMA RACES TO SET GITMO TERRORISTS FREE…Leaves Servicemen Punished For Making “Heat-of-the-battle decisions that saved lives” In Fort Leavenworth,"It s hard to imagine a President who could be more anti-American and more pro-terror than Barack Hussein Obama. And then my mind drifts to Hillary and Benghazi The Obama administration is emptying the military s Guantanamo Bay detention facility of avowed terrorists captured fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq, but several American service members languish in another military prison for actions on those same battlefields that their supporters say merit clemency, if not gratitude.Among the prison population at Fort Leavenworth, in Kansas, are remaining members of the so-called  Leavenworth 10,  convicted service members doing terms ranging from 10 to 40 years for heat-of-the-battle decisions their supporters say saved American lives.[quote_box_center] The very people who protect our freedoms and liberties are having their own freedoms and liberties taken away,  said retired U.S. Army Col. Allen West, a former congressman and political commentator.  I think it s appalling and no one is talking about this issue. [/quote_box_center]The  Leavenworth 10  is the name given to a fluctuating number of men housed at Leavenworth for actions in Iraq and Afghanistan that their supporters say were justified. Over the years, a handful have been paroled, and more have been incarcerated.Among the more well-known cases is that of Army First Lt. Clint Lorance, who is serving a 20-year sentence for ordering his men to shoot two suspected Taliban scouts in July 2012 in the Kandahar Province of Afghanistan. Lorance had just taken command of the platoon after the prior leader and several others were killed days before. The Taliban suspects were on motorcycles and matched descriptions given by a pilot who flew over the area earlier and spotted them as scouts.A Facebook page devoted to Lorance s case has drawn more than 12,000 likes, and supporters have launched a website, FreeClintLorance.com, dedicated to winning his release. A WhiteHouse.gov petition calling for Lorance to be pardoned garnered nearly 125,000 signatures, but the White House has not taken action.Critics say Lorance was given a military trial, and his conviction was based in large part on the testimony of men serving under him.It was September of 2010 when Sgt. Derrick Miller of Maryland, on a combat mission in a Taliban-held area of Afghanistan, was warned the unit s base had been penetrated. An Afghan suspected of being an enemy combatant was brought to Miller for interrogation and wound up dead. Miller claimed the suspect tried to grab his gun and that he shot him in self-defense. But he was convicted and sentenced to life in prison.U.S. Army Master Sgt. John Hatley   a highly decorated, 20-year vet who served in Operation Desert Storm and did another three tours during the Iraq War   also is serving a life sentence at Leavenworth. His conviction stems from an April, 2007, incident in Iraq in which he and his unit captured enemies following a firefight. He radioed a U.S. detention facility to notify officials he was bringing in four prisoners, but was ordered to let them go, according to his legal team.Two years later, a sergeant who had served with Hatley, Jesse Cunningham, was facing charges for assaulting another officer and falling asleep at his post. As leverage for a plea deal, he told investigators that Hatley and two other officers had taken the insurgents to a remote location, blindfolded them and shot each in the back of the head. He claimed their bodies were dumped in a canal, though none was ever found.Hatley, now 47, insists he and his men let the insurgents go, but believes he was punished in the interest of the government s relations with Baghdad. When concerns over appeasing a foreign country are allowed to interfere with justice for the purpose of the U.S. government or the military demonstrating that we, the military or the U.S. government will hold our soldiers accountable using a fatally flawed military judicial system, it doesn t matter what the truth is; it matters only that there is only the appearance of the truth,  he wrote in a message to supporters posted on freeJohnHatley.com.Law experts say military service members face a daunting task once accused of committing crimes in the heat of war. Killing on the battlefield is not the same as [a police officer] killing someone on the streets,  Dan Conway, an attorney who specializes in military law, told FoxNews.com.  When a cop uses force, there s a line of duty investigation. When a soldier uses force, it is investigated as criminal, and non-infantry investigators handle the case, many who have no combat experience. If you had experts handling the investigation, you d have much more balance,  he added.While the military rightly holds its soldiers to a high standard of justice, detainees housed at Guantanamo Bay have been freed even with no mitigating circumstances or reasonable belief of rehabilitation. The release of Gitmo detainees began during the presidency of George W. Bush in 2005 when nearly 200 detainees were released before any tribunals were held.According to a March 2015 memo released by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, of the 647 detainees transferred or released, 17.9 percent were confirmed of re-engaging in extremist activity with another 10.7 percent suspected of doing the same. Via: FOX News",0
16696,“YOU’RE HIRED!” Trump Pulls Unemployed Vet From Audience And Hires Her On The Spot,"No matter which candidate you support, this moment on the campaign trail is pretty awesome. Trump has said he wants to support our veterans in a big way if elected. He showed he s a man of his word when he plucked a veteran from the crowd and hired her. Instead of his catchphrase  you re fired,  Mr. Trump told the previously homeless black woman,  You re hired. Just when you think the 2016 presidential race can t get more surreal, Donald Trump reprised his role from the hit realty TV show  The Apprentice  at Washington press conference Monday and plucked an unemployed veteran out of the audience for an impromptu job interview.It was yet another unexpected twist in Mr. Trump s unconventional run that has defied the pundits, confounded the GOP establishment and made him the front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination.Mr. Trump summoned the Washington press corps to the under-construction Trump International Hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue, just blocks from the White House. He said the one way or another he s coming to the nation s capital.The billionaire businessman boasted that the hotel, which is being refurbished from the city s historic Old Post Office building, was being restored to the  highest level,  with luxurious suites and the largest ballroom in Washington.He said the hotel would open ahead of schedule and under budget in September.When hands went up from reporters gathered in the cavernous atrium where the hotel lobby was being built, Mr. Trump called on Alicia Watkins. HERE S THE ENCOUNTER BETWEEN TRUMP AND MS. WATKINS: Ms. Watkins, 38, a former Air Force staff sergeant who survived the 9/11 attack on the Pentagon and served in Iraq and Afghanistan, was at the press conference as a freelance writer working on an article about jobs for veterans.She briefly described her situation and complimented Mr. Trump s stance of expanding employment opportunities for veterans, and then asked if the hotel would be part of a jobs program. We are doing some of that. What are you looking for, what kind of position,  Mr. Trump asked, and then invited her to come to the podium.Pleased with her response, Mr. Trump directed her to one of his company s executives to work out a employment deal. If we can make a good deal on the salary, she s going to probably have this job,  said the real estate tycoon.Asked why he did the on-the-spot job interview, Mr. Trump said that he  felt good about her. It s a gut instinct,  he said.  I have instincts about people. Read more of this incredible story at: Washington Times ",0
16697,"COMMIE OBAMA BASHES AMERICA: “I personally would not disagree,” with Raul Castro’s criticism of America.” [Video]",Wow! We REALLY do have a serious problem with this anti-American jackhole of a president! ,0
16698,GEORGE WASHINGTON PROFESSOR On Soros Activists Shutting Down Roads: Why It’s Time To Start “Suing the Bastards”,"Americans better start fighting back against these people who are shutting down our public roads by hitting these thugs where it really hurts in their wallets. Otherwise, we will continue to see increased violence that is being blamed on pro-Trump supporters in the media Anti-Trump activists who protested his planned appearance in Arizona today by blocking a limited access highway and creating a  traffic nightmare  with  cars backed up for miles  [N.Y. Daily News] could be sued in class action law suits for massive damages modeled after suits filed against those who similarly illegally blocked traffic at the George Washington Bridge, and judgments against other illegal protesters, says public interest law professor John Banzhaf.With the mainstream media continuing to blame Trump supporters for the efforts of their opponents to shut down their free speech rights, it may be time to adopt the tactics the left favors to get its way: lawsuits. That s the suggestion of John Banzhaf, a George Washington University law professor who defies categorization politically but is often labeled a  gadfly.   He explains:Anti-Trumpers Block Highway; Face Class Actions For DamagesSuits Filed re Blocked GW Bridge Provide Precedenthttps://t.co/LN17FGakCw  John Banzhaf (@ProfBanzhaf) March 19, 2016Why and How to Sue Anti-Trump Protesters and Other Disruptors""Sue The Disruptors"" More Effective Than Criminal Lawhttps://t.co/9MMiZtE5wq  John Banzhaf (@ProfBanzhaf) March 21, 2016As Banzhaf had predicted and later helped inspire, two different class action law suits seeking millions in civil damages were brought by persons stuck in the massive traffic jams at NYC s GW Bridge which were illegally caused by former aides to Governor Chris Christie.Suing protesters    Suing the Bastards    may be the most effective way to help deter illegal protests, says Banzhaf, noting that slap-on-the-wrist criminal fines usually aren t very effective, especially since it sometimes also helps give illegal protesters a soap box to air their grievances in criminal trials.The lead protester who chained her neck to a pickup truck was George Soros paid operative, Jacinta Gonzalez from New Orleans.But the tide may already be turning, says Banzhaf, citing these examples.When other groups see that the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society has been forced to pay $2.55 million to Japanese companies for illegally using acid and smoke bombs to disrupt their whaling, they may think twice before blocking traffic to advance their agenda, says Banzhaf, who has promoted the idea   and the very slogan   of  Suing the Bastards  when the law is broken.In another example, a student who illegally chained himself to some construction equipment because he opposed an oil pipeline was forced to pay out big bucks for his criminal conduct.As NPR reported it, he was apparently ready to accept a relatively painless conviction for trespass, but not to pay the pipeline company $39,000 in restitution.Similarly, eleven protesters who allegedly engaged in illegal activities at the Mall of American are facing restitution claims from the City of Bloomington.In these and many similar situations, protesters are often willing to accept a small misdemeanor fine and conviction for a chance to focus attention on their cause, especially if it means they get to have a criminal trial which generates even more publicity for them and for their grievance, argues Banzhaf.While most of these actions against criminal protesters have been brought by businesses, there s no reason why similar legal actions cannot also be brought by any person falsely imprisoned on that Arizona highway   as was the case with one of the two GW-Bridge suits.Using the threat of legal actions is a far better and more American way of deterring illegal protests than engaging in physical violence against them, as some Trump supporters have apparently already done, says Banzhaf.Via: PRLOG",0
16699,STUNNING TESTIMONY On The Devastation Illegal Immigration Brings To Black America [Video]," Fantastic testimony on the disastrous results of illegal immigration on the black community: FLASHBACK: Obama wrote in 2006 that Illegal Immigration HURTS  Blue-Collar Americans,  and STRAINS Welfare pic.twitter.com/wpvnqFgIQ9  NumbersUSA (@NumbersUSA) March 20, 2016 ",0
16700,BRAINIAC Gets Rejected After Trying To Buy BMW With EBT Card…What Happens Next Is HYSTERICAL!,"Does anyone else out there see a future BMW car commercial with this story? You really can t make this up! it s what we ve come to with the entitled people who think they can buy a BMW with their EBT card. Unreal! Actually, you can buy almost anything else with your EBT card which is soooo wrong and not what this entitlement was intended for. It s come to this though:A Florida man has been arrested after allegedly stealing a $60,000 BMW a day after a car dealership turned him down from buying it with food stamps.Nicholas Jackson went to an auto dealership where managers declined his business when he tried to buy the BMW with a credit card and his Electronic Benefit Transfer (EBT) card, authorities said.On Thursday night, the Pompano Beach dealership was burglarized and the BMW was missing along with keys belonging to 60 other cars, according to the Martin County Sheriff s Office.Authorities said 36-year-old Jackson did not have money to fill the tank of the stolen BMW and subsequently ran out of gas at an intersection.When officers responded to a suspicious person call on Friday morning, they found Jackson, the BMW and the stolen keys, according to the sheriff s office.Via: Daily Mail",0
16701,GEORGE SOROS BOARD MEMBER Is Chairman Of Firm Running Voting For Utah’s Caucus On Tuesday,"George Soros seems to be sticking his nose into everything to do with the 2016 election. Now we have the chairman of the firm responsible for the online voting on Tuesday involved with Soros. He s a board member of Soros s Open Society Foundation. How in the world could the Republicans let this happen? It makes you think the Republican party is in the camp of the Dems. This is NOT good! Smartmatic Group, an electronic voting firm whose worldwide headquarters is located in the United Kingdom, will be running the online balloting process in the Utah Republican Open Caucuses on Tuesday.The chairman of Smartmatic s board, Lord Mark Malloch-Brown, currently serves on the board of George Soros s Open Society Foundation and has close ties to the billionaire.The Wall Street Journal dubbed the Republican party s online adventure on Tuesday as  one of the biggest online votes conducted so far in the U.S.  and the  largest experiment with online presidential voting since 2004, when Michigan allowed Democrats to vote in a party caucus via the Internet. Utah residents will have the option of casting ballots in the Republican presidential contest using computers, tablets, and smartphones next week.  Online  polls  will be open between 7:00 a.m. and 11 p.m. on March 22. Voters will get a receipt that will verify that their vote was recorded correctly. The state party declined to release the number of online voter registrations that it has received.  We expect all the jurisdictions across the U.S. to take notice and to look at this experience as something to study and, hopefully, follow,  said Antonio Mugica, founder and chief executive of Smartmatic Group, an election-equipment vendor that is running the Utah election.Mugica addressed security concerns about online voting, telling the Journal that Smartmatic has security protocols and backups of the election data should a recount be needed. He said he wasn t aware of any security breaches.The Journal did not cite the biography of Malloch-Brown, chairman of Smartmatic s board. That biography is posted openly on Smartmatic s website, and shows close associations between Malloch-Brown and Soros, a major donor to the Democratic Party and hundreds of liberal and radical-left groups.The bio states:Mark Malloch-Brown is a former number two in the United Nations as well as having served in the British Cabinet and Foreign Office. He now sits in the House of Lords and is active both in business and in the non-profit world. He also remains deeply involved in international affairs.Mark served as Deputy Secretary-General and Chief of Staff of the UN under Kofi Annan. For six years before that he was Administrator of the UNDP, leading the UN s development efforts around the world. He was later Minister of State in the Foreign Office, covering Africa and Asia, and was a member of Gordon Brown s cabinet.Other positions have included vice-chairman of George Soros s Investment Funds, as well as his Open Society Institute, a Vice-President at the World Bank and the lead international partner at Sawyer Miller, a political consulting firm. He also has served as Vice-Chairman of the World Economic Forum. He began his career as a journalist at The Economist.Besides formerly serving as vice-chairman of Soros s Investment Funds and the billionaire s Open Society Institute, Malloch-Brown is currently a global board member of Soros s Open Society Foundation.Read more: Breitbart",0
16702,EXPOSED! Plot To Bring In Cheap Foreign Labor Exposed – No U.S. Labor Shortage [Video],Here you have it! Jeff Sessions has been a hero in his continued effort to expose the cost to Americans when cheap foreign labor is brought in to take over American jobs: ,0
16703,"FOUR PREVIOUSLY DEPORTED ILLEGAL ALIENS Charged In Rape, Beating Of Couple","There are numerous crimes we report on every day that do not tell if the criminal is in America legally. When we find a news source that actually tells you we re shocked! The main stream media is really good at hiding the details of criminals like the ones who committed the crime below. The Boston Herald reported when it came to light that the accused are in the U.S. illegally.Federal immigration officials are requesting detainers on four illegal aliens accused of a heinous attack on a Framingham couple in which the woman was raped and her boyfriend was beaten and threatened with death, the Herald has learned.Two of the illegals had previously been deported to Guatemala, said Immigration and  Customs Enforcement spokesman Shawn Neudauer.Elmer Diaz, 19, is charged with rape, assault with a dangerous weapon, kidnapping and threatening to commit a crime. His brother, Ariel Diaz, 24, was charged with unarmed robbery, assault and battery with a dangerous weapon, indecent assault and battery, kidnapping and witness intimidation.He was deported to Guatemala in May 2014 after convictions for drunken driving and disorderly conduct, said Neudauer.Another brother, Adan Diaz, 32, and Marlon Josue Jarquin-Felipe, 27, are both charged with indecent assault and battery and kidnapping. All four suspects are from Guatemala. Jarquin-Felipe was deported back to his homeland in April 2014, according to Neudauer.Neudauer told the Herald yesterday the agency is  closely monitoring the cases and has placed detainers on all four  illegal immigrants. He added that Ariel Diaz was also arrested this winter on a drunken driving charge. ICE was not notified of that case, he added.In the Framingham case, the victim s boyfriend was beaten while his girlfriend was held down on a bed and raped Sunday evening, authorities say.The still-shaken boyfriend told the Herald yesterday that he and his girlfriend have not yet come to terms with the horrific assault. Via: GP",0
16704,CRANKY SOCIALIST BERNIE SANDERS HAS A TEMPER TANTRUM And Walks Out Of Interview [Video],What a grouch! Bernie Sanders must have had a bad day! Maybe he realized he s in Sheriff Joe s territory now. ,0
16705,JIMMY KIMMEL Asks People On The Street About Obama’s Supreme Court Nominee [Video],Wow! These people are clueless! Scary! ,0
16706,ANOTHER CLINTON CASUALTY? Activist MURDERED After Openly Blaming HILLARY For Meddling Role In Honduran Coup [VIDEO],"When far left publications like Democracy Now and Global Research start questioning Hillary s involvement in the murder of Honduran environmental activist, Berta C ceres, there is probably good reason to look a little deeper into the controversy. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is facing a new round of questions about her handling of the 2009 coup in Honduras that ousted democratically elected President Manuel Zelaya. Since the coup, Honduras has become one of the most violent places in the world. Last week, indigenous environmental activist Berta C ceres was assassinated in her home.Before her murder on March 3, Berta C ceres, a Honduran indigenous rights and environmental activist, named Hillary Clinton, holding her responsible for legitimating the 2009 coup.  We warned that this would be very dangerous,  she said, referring to Clinton s effort to impose elections that would consolidate the power of murderers.Berta C ceres was an award-winning land activist, a leader in her community and a mother of four. She was shot four times while in bed, at 1am on 2 March. As a founding member of the Civic Council of Indigenous and Popular Organizations of Honduras (COPINH), C ceres fought against logging, hydro-power and mining projects threatening indigenous people in Honduras. Her death has exposed the poor judgement of  impact investor  bank FMO, the bully tactics of mining corporations, and  murky situations  from Clinton s time as Secretary of State. We re coming out of a coup that we can t put behind us. We can t reverse it,  C ceres said.  It just kept going. And after, there was the issue of the elections. The same Hillary Clinton, in her book,  Hard Choices,  practically said what was going to happen in Honduras. Via: Democracy NowThe military coup in 2009 did nothing to protect Honduran land or people. President Manuel Zelaya had moved towards grassroots social movements,  the kinds of social reforms that the United States has always opposed  (Chomsky), and deals with Venezuela. The military kidnapped President Zelaya at gunpoint and flew him out of the country in his pyjamas. This was certainly a coup d etat and was defined as such by the UN, the EU and other Latin America nations and dictionaries everywhere.As Obama s Secretary of State, Clinton refused to call what had happened a  coup  in public. Doing so would have automatically cut off US non-humanitarian aid to Honduras. Members of Clinton s own party wrote to Barak Obama about the outrage. But Hillary did not relent, despite being informed that the coup question was an  open and shut  case in US embassy cables.In a video interview, given in Buenos Aires in 2014, C ceres says it was Clinton who helped legitimate and institutionalize the coup. In response to a question about the exhaustion of the opposition movement (to restore democracy), C ceres says (around 6:10):  The same Hillary Clinton, in her book Hard Choices, practically said what was going to happen in Honduras. This demonstrates the bad legacy of North American influence in our country. The return of Mel Zelaya to the presidency (that is, to his constitutionally elected position) was turned into a secondary concern. There were going to be elections.  Clinton, in her position as secretary of state, pressured (as her emails show) other countries to agree to sideline the demands of C ceres and others that Zelaya be returned to power. Instead, Clinton pushed for the election of what she calls in Hard Choices a  unity government.  But C ceres says:  We warned that this would be very dangerous.  The elections took place under intense militarism, and enormous fraud. The Clinton-brokered election did indeed install and legitimate a militarized regime based on repression. In the interview, C ceres says that Clinton s coup-government, under pressure from Washington, passed terrorist and intelligence laws that criminalized political protest. C ceres called it  counterinsurgency,  carried out on behalf of  international capital mostly resource extractors that has terrorized the population, murdering political activists by the high hundreds.  Every day,  C ceres said elsewhere,  people are killed. Interestingly, Hillary Clinton removed the most damning sentences regarding her role in legitimating the Honduran coup from the paperback edition of Hard Choices.According to Bel n Fern ndez, Clinton airbrushed out of her account exactly the passage C ceres highlights for criticism:  We strategized on a plan to restore order in Honduras and ensure that free and fair elections could be held quickly and legitimately, which would render the question of Zelaya moot and give the Honduran people a chance to choose their own future  (see Fern ndez s essay in Liza Featherstone s excellent False Choices: The Faux Feminism of Hillary Rodham Clinton).Aside from Hard Choices  shape-shifting account of the crisis, Clinton has ignored criticism of her role in enabling the consolidation of the Honduran coup. That is, until C ceres s murder forced a response. Last week, her campaign answered my Nation post on her broader responsibility for C ceres s execution:  simply nonsense,  a spokesperson said:  Hillary Clinton engaged in active diplomacy that resolved a constitutional crisis and paved the way for legitimate democratic elections. We still don t have a clear idea of the events surrounding C ceres s murder. There is one witness, Gustavo Castro, a Mexican national, activist, and journalist, who was with C ceres when gunmen burst into her bedroom. Berta died in his arms. Castro was himself shot twice, but survived by playing dead.The Honduran government that  unity government  Clinton is proud of has Castro in lockdown, refusing him contact with the outside world. Via: The NationIn Clinton s memoir, she admits thatIn the subsequent days [after the coup] I spoke with my counterparts around the hemisphere, including Secretary [Patricia] Espinosa in Mexico We strategized on a plan to restore order in Honduras and ensure that free and fair elections could be held quickly and legitimately, which would render the question of Zelaya moot.Clinton s emails revealed that she played a crucial role, delaying any action that could quickly restore Zelaya.Grahame Russell from Rights Action is not alone in describing the coup as  US and Canadian-backed . Media Lens has bemoaned the under-reporting of Hillary Clinton s connection to the state of affairs in Honduras in the US print media, as has FAIR. But it is online. The Nation ran an article titled, The Clinton-backed Honduran Regime is picking-off indigenous leaders the day after C ceres  murder.The Clintons have a great ally in Canadian billionaire Frank Giustra. Along with media outlets, Giustra has gold mining interests in Africa. He is known in the industry as a  mining promoter  and presumably connects investors and miners. Although Bill and Frank like to fly around Latin America, and do philanthropic work together, Bill did bump into Frank in Kazakhstan when Frank was doing a spot of uranium shopping.The Clintons  connection with the Canadian mining magnate is labeled a threat to her campaign by Bloomberg Politics. Certainly, The Clintons  ties to big business have dogged her campaign, and many democrats are uncomfortable with her performance as Secretary of State. Revelations about the Clinton Foundation do little to dispel the image of Hillary as an entrenched member of the establishment   let alone the oligarch hegemony. Given that her nomination looks increasingly insecure, C ceres  murder is untimely for them both. Via: Global Research",0
16707,"MICHELLE, SASHA AND MALIA Will Join Barack On Trip To Communist Cuba…Why Not, It’s Only The Taxpayer’s Money","The Obama s just added millions onto the taxpayer s tab for the trip to Cuba that Barack was going on until they just announced the entire family will tag along The Obamas have been famous for their lavish spending on trips and have racked up a big bill that the taxpayers are on the hook for. We know that they pay for some of the travel BUT most of the travel is on us. The known total expense to the American taxpayers thus far for all Obama travel is now $70,880,035.78! Here s a list of the FIRST FAMILY VACATIONS WITH THE COST FOR EACH: OBAMA FAMILY VACATIONSWhy doesn t Barack go alone since this sounds like a business trip? At least he ll be able to show his girls the horrible results of decades of communism come to think of it, it might be worth it!First Lady Michelle Obama and daughters Sasha and Malia will be joining President Barack Obama next week on his historic trip to Cuba.Obama will open his visit late on Sunday by touring cultural sites in Old Havana along with Michelle, Sasha and Malia. Cardinal Jaime Ortega will also host the Obamas at the Havana Cathedral.The President then plans to use a speech in Havana to lay out a vision of greater freedoms and more economic opportunity in Cuba, White House officials said on Wednesday, offering a glimpse of how the President hopes to use his trip to encourage change on the communist island. Obama s speech on Tuesday at the Grand Theater of Havana will mark a moment that seemed unimaginable only a few years ago, before Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro moved to restore relations between the two estranged countries.Obama s advisers said they hoped Cubans would be able to watch the speech live on television, adding that Obama sought not to dictate outcomes but create the space for Cuba to change on its own.  Ultimately he will make clear that that s for the Cuban people to decide,  said Ben Rhodes, Obama s deputy national security adviser.  We have great confidence in the ability of the Cuban people to do extraordinary things.  During his three-day trip to Cuba   the first to the country by a sitting president in 88 years   Obama will also meet with Castro at the Palace of the Revolution and attend a Major League Baseball exhibition game.His much-anticipated meeting with Cuban dissidents will include prominent members of the government s opposition, Rhodes said, stressing that the United States and not Cuba was deciding who would attend. The President will lay a wreath on Monday at the Memorial to Jose Marti, the Cuban independence hero, before meeting with Castro in his offices along the famed Plaza of the Revolution. The White House said human rights, regional issues and ways to improve Cubans  standard of living were all on the agenda, with the leaders expected to address reporters after their meeting. Obama planned to meet with US and Cuban entrepreneurs in a bid to boost Cuba s nascent private-sector economy. Castro was to host the President for a state dinner at the palace on Monday evening.Despite Cuban leaders  view of such meetings as interference in the island s internal affairs, Rhodes said there was no reason to believe the government would block any invitees from participating.  If there are any impediments to that meeting we would be very clear about this,  Rhodes said. He declined to name any of those who would attend. Dozens of US lawmakers, including a handful of Republicans, will travel with the President to Cuba along with US business leaders and some Cuban-Americans, officials said, arguing that their inclusion reflected growing support in the United States for lifting the generations-old embargo. Yet there are few signs that Congress will agree to repeal the sanctions anytime soon. Following his Cuba swing, Obama will travel to Buenos Aires to meet with new Argentinian President Mauricio Macri, who took office in December pledging to reverse many of the policies of his predecessor, Cristina Fernandez. Obama has said that Fernandez s policies were  consistently anti-American  and praised Macri for recognizing that  we re in a new era.  In Argentina, Obama will meet next Wednesday with Macri at the Casa Rosada presidential office before laying a wreath and touring the Buenos Aires Metropolitan Cathedral. He ll also hold a town hall meeting with young people before being feted at a state dinner. He planned to visit the picturesque city of Bariloche in Argentina s Patagonia region on Thursday before returning to Washington.Read more: Daily Mail",0
16708,TEEN WEARING CONFEDERATE FLAG SHIRT TO MICHIGAN SCHOOL Told To Go Home Or Change It [Video],"A student at a Michigan high school stood up for his right to wear a Confederate flag shirt to school. There is not a rule against it but the principal felt it would interfere with learning. The effort to cleanse America of our past is in full force. Confederate monuments in different states have been removed and South Carolina removed the confederal flag from its capitol grounds. Do you feel this is freedom of speech or that the flag shouldn t be worn to school? CALEDONIA, Mich. (WOOD)   A student at Caledonia High School was outraged when he was told to change his shirt, which showed the Confederate battle flag, or go home Wednesday morning.Donovan Stokes, a junior, said he was approached by the high school principal about his shirt. I wore everything as proper. This is just a shirt; it s the rebel flag. It was bullying. They were bullying me to take off my shirt and I did not have to go home. They cannot send me home. That is losing my education,  said Stokes.  The principal gave me two options and I requested a letter asking why he had to take the shirt off,  she said.The letter stated  because of what that flag is used to symbolize by others, we feel it could contribute to a hostile environment for many of our students. Jolene Stokes said she does not believe the shirt would create a hostile environment and her son believes that removing the shirt infringed on his freedom of expression. It s more of like a history thing and it s just a war flag from back in the day, and I don t think it meant anything by it,  he said.The school district disagreed, saying it has a responsibility to create a  safe and orderly  learning environment. Any type of attire that might challenge that, might create disorder or disruption to the environment, we have responsibility to prohibit that attire. We love freedom of speech and we educate kids and we want them to know that they do have the right to stand up and speak their mind and share their opinions and we value that as much as anybody else. At the same time, if that is going to disrupt our educational setting, that has to come first. That climate that we create for students to learn and grow has to come first, so that s why we have to be able to respond the way we are responding,  Caledonia Community Schools Superintendent Randy Rodriguez said.Rodriguez said it is especially important during considering the recent discussions in the nation about race and the battle flag. We are in a greater time of sensitivity right now for many reasons that have gone around the country, but also locally. I want all of our children to feel like this is a place that they belong, this is a place that they can learn and we re going to protect them all and we re going love them all,  Rodriguez said.Donovan Stokes said he understands why people see the rebel flag as offensive. I can see how people could be offended by it due to the slavery thing, but that s because of the education. We are being taught in schools that this is not right, not just. I understand how people would totally get offended by this. People want to think of this as a hate flag, but this is really a patriotic flag than anything,  he said.However, Grand Valley State University Associate Professor of History Scott Stabler said that historically, the flag was a symbol of resistance to the Civil Rights Movement and the battle flag was not the official flag of the Confederacy. It s a historical myth that it symbolizes something other than the Confederacy, which was all about sustaining the idea of human bondage. I think that people that carry the Confederate flag probably in their minds believe it stands for southern heritage, white southern heritage, but I don t think they have any clue as to what southern white heritage is,  Stabler said.Stabler believes this situation could be an opportunity for learning. I think it s a point of learning what the student doesn t understand, what the flag might mean to people of African descent   even to white people, because it means something to me, too,  Stabler said.Stokes ultimately decided to take the shirt off rather than go home. The flag shirt is a tank top and he was wearing another long-sleeve shirt under it.He said a similar incident happened to him in middle school when he wore a belt showing the rebel flag. He said the student handbook does not directly state anywhere that he can t wear that kind of attire. He said he is not a racist and was not at all trying to promote hate or racism.Read more: WoodTV",0
16709,MITCH MCCONNELL: The Senate Will Not Take Up Nomination of Merrick Garland,"Mitch McConnell just made a statement on the Senate floor that the Senate will  follow the Biden rule  and wait until a new administration comes in to consider a Supreme Court nominee. McConnell made the case that the Senate has the right to do this and that it s not against Judge Garland. Garland is a liberal judge but not as left leaning as some who were considered for the nomination on the Supreme Court. In fact, Orin Hatch of Utah was quoted as saying Garland would be a good choice. Obama must have called his bluff on this one. The Senate s not biting and will stick to its guns or risk even more criticism from Republicans.CSPAN VIDEO: MCCONNELL STATEMENT",0
16710,BREAKING: Obama Nominates Liberal Merrick Garland For Supreme Court Justice,"Obama decides to nominate Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court even though the Senate announced they would wait until a new administration to confirm a nominee. This is an attempt to box in the Republicans in the Senate. This nominee is left on some things and right on others like criminal justice but has been supported in the past as a judge who  will articulate a broad progressive vision for the law . This should be interesting: To be clear, Garland s record does not suggest that he would join the Court s right flank if confirmed to the Supreme Court. He would likely vote much more often than not with the Supreme Court s liberals. Here s the skinny on left leaning Garland:Garland is unquestionably qualified to sit on the Supreme Court. A 19 year veteran of the DC Circuit   a court that is widely viewed as the second-most powerful in the nation   Garland graduated with high honors from Harvard Law School. He clerked for Justice William Brennan, and spent a few years as a partner in the multinational law firm Arnold and Porter. He also held senior positions in the Justice Department, including a leadership role in the department s criminal division and a stint as Principal Associate Deputy Attorney General.At age 63, Garland is also the oldest person nominated to the Supreme Court since President Nixon named Justice Lewis Powell in 1971. Thus, if confirmed, Garland is unlikely to match   or even approach   Justice Scalia s nearly 30 years on the Supreme Court. Garland s relatively advanced age may help explain why Hatch floated the DC Circuit chief judge as his ideal Obama nominee. Another factor that almost certainly played a role is Garland s reputation for moderation. In 2003, for example, Garland joined an opinion holding that the federal judiciary lacks the authority  to assert habeas corpus jurisdiction at the behest of an alien held at a military base leased from another nation, a military base outside the sovereignty of the United States    an opinion that effectively prohibited Guantanamo Bay detainees from seeking relief in civilian courts. A little over a year later, the Supreme Court reversed this decision in Rasul v. Bush. Although, in fairness, it should be noted that legal experts disagree about whether the decision Garland joined was mandated by existing precedents. The former prosecutor also has a relatively conservative record on criminal justice. A 2010 examination of his decisions by SCOTUS Blog s Tom Goldstein determined that  Judge Garland rarely votes in favor of criminal defendants  appeals of their convictions.  Goldstein  identified only eight such published rulings,  in addition to seven where  he voted to reverse the defendant s sentence in whole or in part, or to permit the defendant to raise a argument relating to sentencing on remand,  during the 13 years Garland had then spent on the DC Circuit. To be clear, Garland s record does not suggest that he would join the Court s right flank if confirmed to the Supreme Court. He would likely vote much more often than not with the Supreme Court s liberals.Read more: Think Progress",0
16711,HARVARD BULLIED INTO Dropping 80 Year Old “Racist” Law School Emblem,"Harvard is agreeing to erase the history of their Law School founder to satisfy individuals or groups who don t agree with him. Didn t we see something similar to this happening in the Middle East? It wasn t that long ago that ISIS destroyed all symbols of Christianity in Iraq and other countries because they represented the history of Christ and was offensive to the Islamic terrorists. Did Americans think that was okay? This politically incorrect nonsense needs to stop before every ounce of history has been sanitized from our public and private schools, colleges and universities Harvard University has decided to drop its famous law school emblem after a handful of students said it was racist because it was tied to an 18th-century family of slave holders.The Harvard Corporation, the body that governs the university, voted in favor of a Harvard Law School committee recommendation to drop the seal. Harvard s president, Drew Faust, told the dean of the law school, Martha Minow, he approved the idea, Reuters reported.The emblem has been around since 1936. It shows three sheaves of wheat with the motto,  Veritas,  the Latin word for truth, scrolled across the top.The image comes from the coat of arms used by the family of Isaac Royall, a man the media paints as the son of an Antiguan slaveholder   who was also the endower of the first law professorship at the university, Reuters said. Via: WNDThe university denied it was revising history.Maybe they were just caving to threats or threatening behavior like this protest that took place on campus. Students can be seen here protesting at Harvard University over death of thug, Michael Brown:Harvard protestors crowd at the Law School to rally against the #Ferguson decision, yelling ""no justice, no peace."" pic.twitter.com/cHMSaM1KNY  Meg Bernhard (@meg_bernhard) December 1, 2014 In light of recent events, Drew Faust shows her support. pic.twitter.com/p8ej81vxZa  Harvard University (@Harvard) December 11, 201412-11-14 Harvard President Drew Faust declared via Twitter that  black lives matter.  Harvard s official Twitter account posted an image Wednesday of Faust wearing a t-shirt with the movement s slogan and the statement,  In light of recent events, Drew Faust shows her support. In November, 2015, Portraits of black Harvard Law School faculty members were defaced on  a day after a campus rally for black students, according to the law school. Several portraits were discovered Thursday with black strips of tape placed diagonally over the black faculty members  faces. The portraits were on the first floor of Wasserstein Hall, which houses two hallways with more than 180 framed portraits of law professors.Harvard Law School Dean Michele Minow said in a statement  The Harvard University Police Department is investigating the incident as a hate crime. Harvard Law School students started a Facebook page with the following stated mission: We are a movement of students calling for the decolonization of our campus, the symbols, the curriculum and the history of Harvard Law SchoolHere is a post from that page: While we accept the request to change the shield, we do so on the understanding that the school will actively explore other steps to recognize rather than to suppress the realities of its history, mindful of our shared obligation to honor the past not be seeking to erase it, but rather by bringing it to light and learning from it,  Faust said, Reuters reported. Via: WNDIn the end, we can t help but wonder how much this former Harvard Law School student, turned Commuity Agitator in Chief had to do with their decision to erase history at Harvard:  ",0
16712,WATCH HILLARY LIE About Libya To Supporters: ” We Didn’t Lose A Single Person”,"The families of the four dead Americans you left behind beg to differ. Not that you care, but Benghazi was kind of a big story for the rest of America Hillary During a town hall meeting in Illinois on Monday Democrat Hillary Clinton said the United States  didn t lose a single person.  The remark was made in defense of the NATO invasion in 2011 following the adoption of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973.Via: InfoWars",0
16713,BREAKING…Internal Memo From OBAMA’S Corrupt EPA: FLINT NOT WORTH “Going Out On A Limb For”,"Wow! Bernie and Hillary have been making hay over the Flint water crisis for months now, using the crisis to secure votes from the black community.  Leftists have been converging on the city like rats in search of the last peice of cheese on earth and now we have proof that Obama s EPA knew about the crisis, but didn t think the people of Flint were worthy of protecting.An internal Environmental Protection Agency memo showed officials didn t think  Flint is the community we want to go out on a limb for  while residents of the Michigan town drank lead-contaminated water.House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Chairman Jason Chaffetz presented an internal memo between the EPA official who oversees Michigan, a branch manager in the EPA s Region 5, the associate director of the water division for Region 5 and an EPA environmental engineer about the water crisis in Flint.In the memo, one of the officials   it wasn t clear who based on the screen shown by Chaffetz   said Flint wasn t worth helping. Perhaps she already knows all this, but I m not so sure Flint is the community we want to go out on a limb for,  the memo stated.Chaffetz was incredulous at the memo. Are you kidding me?  he said, looking at Susan Hedman, the former director of EPA s Region 5, which oversees much of the Midwest including Michigan. Why isn t Flint the community they go to? Of all the communities, the community having trouble is the one you go all out for,  Chaffetz said.  Via: Washington Examiner",0
16714,"LONDON’S MAYOR HAS HARSH WORDS For Our Community Organizer In Chief: “Butt Out, Mr. Obama”","Our country is spinning out of control. Obama s orchestrated efforts with race baiters like Al Sharpton and leaders of Black Lives Matter terrorists have created a divide between races like my generation has never known. Obama skips Supreme Court Justice Anton Scalia s funeral and the funeral  of iconic First Lady, Nancy Reagan, but finds time to take a few pot shots at GOP presidential front-runner, Donald Trump while attending a hipster festival with Michelle. Barack s proven over and over he doesn t have the time or desire to behave like a leader, and now, he s going to tell the Europeans what they need to do as it relates to the EU? When I heard from the Baron today that our current president is planning to go to Britain to make a case to the public for staying in the European Union, I was momentarily stunned. What happened to  leading from behind  and letting other countries handle their own affairs?By now we re all jaded by this president. He does nothing for free, nothing in which there is not some eventual pay-off to him. So sticking his nose into Britain s affairs should come as no surprise, given his track record of the last interminable years of his time in office.Or maybe he doesn t know how deeply disliked he is by anyone who didn t sign onto his pathetic  Peace Prize  back in the beginning of his reign? Maybe he believes what the sycophantic press tells him? Or  or  wait! Is he using a kind of reverse psychology on the British   i.e., knowing how much he is held in contempt, anything he suggests, they would oppose? Nah he s far too removed from reality to grasp that concept.So here we have London Mayor Boris Johnson s take on the subject. He s far more interesting to follow on this than any national government figures would be. Via: Gates Of ViennaThese excerpts are from The Telegraph. The only thing Mr J got wrong is the extent to which Obama has undermined America s sovereignty, particularly at our southern border and on the subject of changing our culture and monolingual character. One could say that Mr. Obama s decision to drop in and lecture the Brits on this particular subject is not contradictory at all; it is congruent with his own behavior and sentiments regarding America s sovereignty.Obviously, Mr. Johnson hasn t been paying attention to the American presidential campaign. But they why would he? Had he done so, though, he d have seen an unprecedented populist following for Donald Trump, based on that theme: sovereignty.We want ours back in one piece.I love America. I believe in the American dream. Indeed, I hold that the story of the past 100 years has been very largely about how America rose to global greatness   and how America has helped to preserve and expand democracy around the world. In two global conflicts, and throughout the Cold War, the United States has fought for the founding ideals of the republic: that government of the people, by the people, for the people should not perish from the earth.So it is on the face of it a bit peculiar that U.S. government officials should believe that Britain must remain within the EU   a system in which democracy is increasingly undermined.Some time in the next couple of months we are told that President Obama himself is going to arrive in this country, like some deus ex machina, to pronounce on the matter. Air Force One will touch down; a lectern with the presidential seal will be erected. The British people will be told to be good to themselves, to do the right thing. We will be informed by our most important ally that it is in our interests to stay in the EU, no matter how flawed we may feel that organisation to be. Never mind the loss of sovereignty; never mind the expense and the bureaucracy and the uncontrolled immigration.The American view is very clear. Whether in code or en clair, the President will tell us all that UK membership of the EU is right for Britain, right for Europe, and right for America. And why? Because that   or so we will be told   is the only way we can have  influence  in the counsels of the nations.It is an important argument, and deserves to be taken seriously. I also think it is wholly fallacious   and coming from Uncle Sam, it is a piece of outrageous and exorbitant hypocrisy.There is no country in the world that defends its own sovereignty with such hysterical vigilance as the United States of America. This is a nation born from its glorious refusal to accept overseas control. Almost two and a half centuries ago the American colonists rose up and violently asserted the principle that they   and they alone   should determine the government of America, and not George III or his ministers. To this day the Americans refuse to kneel to almost any kind of international jurisdiction. Alone of Western nations, the US declines to accept that its citizens can be subject to the rulings of the International Criminal Court in The Hague. They have not even signed up to the Convention on the Law of the Sea. Can you imagine the Americans submitting their democracy to the kind of regime that we have in the EU?So why is it essential for Britain to comply with a system that the Americans would themselves reject out of hand? Is it not a blatant case of  Do as I say, but not as I do ?For entire letter, go to: The Telegraph ",0
16715,REFUGEE RAPE Is Such A Risk In Sweden That The Police Are Giving This Shocking Warning To Women,"Since Sweden became the #1 destination for diversity and multiculturalism, they ve become the rape capital of the world yes, the world! Rape has skyrocketed as  refugee  resettlement has vastly increased. The Swedish police are warning the Swedish women not to go out after dark. It s just too dangerous! Can you believe that? Officers in picturesque  stersund issued the astonishing warning after gangs of  foreign  men went on the rampage, attempting to rape women in the street and even groping a group of 10-year-old girls at a bus stop.The shocking announcement will heighten concerns around the effects of mass migration on Sweden, which has been struggling to integrate more then 150,000 predominantly Muslim migrants.Women in the tiny lakeside town of  stersund, in central Sweden, have been terrorized by sex attacks with six such incidents being recorded in the last two weeks. In all of the cases the male attackers, often acting in gangs, were described as being  of foreign appearance .The attacks come as Swedish authorities have begun sending increasing numbers of migrants to a refugee reception centre in the small town because all accommodation further south has already been filled.Speaking at an extraordinary press conference yesterday police chiefs issued a stunning warning to women, telling them  stersund is now so unsafe they should not go out after dark alone. Regional police chief Stephen Jerand said the attacks were unusual because none of the perpetrators appeared to be drunk, adding that officers have witnessed a  worrying trend  in the town.He said:  The cases of the sexual harassment and attempted rapes have involved groups of up to three people. What stands out is also that none of these perpetrators have been under the influence. Now the police are going out and warning women against travelling alone in the city. We have seen a worrying trend. This is serious, we care about the protection of women and that is why we are going out and talking about this. The most recent assault took place in the early hours of Sunday morning, when three young men attempted to rape a woman in the town centre. Read more: Express",0
16716,HOW IS IT RACIST To Want Closed Borders And Protect Citizens From Terrorists?,"This is war and it s a fight for the SOVEREIGNTY of America Two things that Donald Trump said have been controversial and taken out of context by the left. Much of the protests against Trump are based on the promise he made to close the border with Mexico by building a wall. The desire to halt  refugee  resettlement of Muslims to America is the second thing Trump said that s gotten everyone on the left FREAKING OUT.Do Americans not have a right to closed borders and proper vetting of Muslim refugees?We are footing the bill with our tax dollars for all the goodies the illegals and refugees get when they arrive. Yes, YOU pay for this!The cost of illegals and refugees is billions every year. We are over $19 TRILLION dollars in debt and climbing rapidly. We have become a GLOBAL MAGNET for immigration due to our generous entitlements for legal and illegal immigrants. The cost is NOT sustainable!The cost is one thing but the danger to Americans is another reason to close our borders and stop refugee resettlement. The FBI Director said that the Muslim refugees cannot be properly vetted before they come to America. There is testimony by numerous officials claiming that the terrorists are trying to come to America by posing as refugees. The open borders also leads to opening ourselves up for terrorists and criminals to come to America. Who knows how many have arrived already?TRUMP S FIVE POINT PLAN ON ILLEGAL IMMIGRATIONThe American people have a RIGHT to the SOVEREIGNTY of our nation. We cannot survive without borders and Trump knows it. This is common sense policy that s been missing for so long. The American people are 100% FED Up! with their safety and tax dollars being toyed with and exploited. Time for a change and time to stand up for it!AMERICA FIRST!",0
16717,WATCH: HILLARY CALLS PARENT Of Benghazi Victim a Liar On National TV,"Apparently being the wife of a former Democrat President and serial pervert, and (more importantly) having a vagina, allows people to overlook her reprehensible behavior During Wednesday night s democratic debate, Hillary Clinton said the mother of a Benghazi victim lied.Patricia Smith, the mother of Sean Smith, one of the four Americans who were killed by terrorists in an attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi during Clinton s tenure, said in a CNN interview last October that Clinton lied to her about the circumstances surrounding her son s death.Instead of stating that her son s death had been caused by an act of terrorism, Clinton blamed an inflammatory video that had been circulating online in the weeks leading up to the attack   a narrative she knew at the time to be false.When asked about this on Wednesday, Clinton pushed back at Smith s claim, saying the mother of the Benghazi victim was  absolutely wrong. I can t imagine the grief she has about losing her son,  Clinton said.  But she s wrong. She s absolutely wrong! Via:The FederalistOf course, Hillary was LYING when she called Sean Smith s mother a liar. There is clear evidence of her lie that was found in her unsecured emails. Her media allies at CNN chose to give her a pass on the truth in favor of allowing a greiving mother of an American hero to be called a liar on national tv. Watch the video of Hillary s testimony in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi: Hillary Clinton sent an email to her daughter, Chelsea, on Sept. 11, 2012 in which she asserted that an al-Qaida-like group was responsible for the terrorist attacks in Benghazi, it was revealed on Thursday during the former secretary of state s testimony to the House Select Committee on Benghazi.The email, which was revealed by Ohio Rep. Jim Jordan, indicates that Clinton knew early on that the attacks which left four Americans dead was carried out by terrorists. But as Jordan pointed out, Clinton and others in the Obama administration had already begun crafting the narrative that the attack was spontaneous and that the attackers were motivated by a YouTube video many Muslims found offensive. ",0
16718,IF HILLARY AND BERNIE Are Counting On The Cuban Vote…They’re Making A BIG Mistake…Here’s Why…,"The Cuban vote is a conservative vote so Hillary and Bernie might want to steer clear.Every election cycle, media outlets beg the question of whether Miami s Little Havana will finally sway Democrat. After spending an afternoon in south Florida s most famous Cuban neighborhood, the prospect once again seems unlikely.Ahead of Florida s primary, Little Havana s Cuban-Americans are enthusiastic about a local figure with similar life experience in Senator Marco Rubio (R-Fla). But they still hold the value of a GOP nominee over any individual candidate.Brenda Betancourt, a notary public at the Calle Ocho Chamber of Commerce who paints on t-shirts and canvases in her spare time, told Independent Journal Review she voted early for Rubio, saying,  we prefer somebody that we know than a stranger. She added that she has never once cast a vote for a Democrat because the party s platforms are counterintuitive to the American experience: I will not vote for either Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders. I don t think that giving everything away without the person working is in the American dream. I think everybody has to work and earn what they need.  Read more: injo ",0
16719,"GENERAL BOYKIN On Gender Neutral Bathrooms: “…the first man that walks in my daughter’s bathroom, he ain’t going to have to worry about surgery.”",General Boykin spoke at The Awakening 2016 conference and had this to say about the hot topic of gender neutral bathrooms: ,0
16720,APPLE ISSUES OMINOUS WARNING: ‘FBI could force us to turn on iPhone cameras and microphones’ [VIDEO],"Everyone needs to read this letter (click HERE) from Apple s CEO Tim Cook to their customers before they chose sides in this issue If the FBI wins in its case against Apple to help it unlock the San Bernardino killer s iPhone 5C, it won t be long before the government forces Apple to turn on users  iPhone cameras and microphones to spy on them, according to the company s head of services Eddy Cue.The FBI has demanded that Apple creates custom software that bypasses certain security features of the company s iOS to allow law enforcement to brute force the passcode of the gunman s iPhone 5C.But according to Apple, making the modifications necessary in this case would set a dangerous precedent in offering backdoors into users  smartphones.Cue said to Univision:  Someday they will want [Apple] to turn on [a user s] camera or microphone. We can t do that now, but what if we re forced to do that? Where will this stop? In a divorce case? In an immigration case? In a tax case? Some day, someone will be able to turn on a phone s microphone. That should not happen in this country. An exerpt from a letter to Apple customers from Apple CEO Tim Cook:The FBI may use different words to describe this tool, but make no mistake: Building a version of iOS that bypasses security in this way would undeniably create a backdoor. And while the government may argue that its use would be limited to this case, there is no way to guarantee such control.The FBI may use different words to describe this tool, but make no mistake: Building a version of iOS that bypasses security in this way would undeniably create a backdoor. And while the government may argue that its use would be limited to this case, there is no way to guarantee such control.The FBI is trying to access the locked iPhone of one of the San Bernardino killers and insists it needs Apple s due to the software protections built into iOS, which require Apple s unique signature.But security expert and NSA surveillance leaker Edward Snowden recently said that the FBI s assertions that only Apple has the capability to unlock the phone is  respectfully, bullshit .Watch here:For entire story: The Guardian ",0
16721,CLIMATE CHANGE DENIERS BEWARE: The DOJ Wants To Punish You With A Civil Suit! [Video],"In a shocking exchange on Wednesday, Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Loony Liberal Senator Sheldon Whitehouse discussed whether the DOJ had considered civil action against climate change deniers. This tells you just how out of control this DOJ is. If you don t buy into the climate change scam then you will be punished. Crazy times! This matter has been discussed. We have received information about it and have referred it to the FBI to consider whether or not it meets the criteria for which we could take action on,  Lynch said at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on Justice Department operations. LORETTA LYNCH AND SHELDON WHITEHOUSE DISCUSS CIVIL ACTION AGAINST CLIMATE CHANGE DENIERS:  ",0
16722,BREAKING: OBAMA’S DOJ WILL NOT CHARGE HILLARY Even If FBI Says She Broke The Law,"Loretta Lynch is claiming she doesn t have to pursue criminal charges if the FBI recommended them. What a sham! Attorney General Loretta Lynch indicated Wednesday that the law doesn t require the Justice Department to pursue criminal charges against Hillary Clinton for her use of a private email system, even if the FBI recommends criminal charges.Lynch was asked in a hearing by Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, what her department would do if the FBI were to recommend that step.  If the FBI were to make a referral to the Department of Justice to pursue a case by way of indictment and to convene a grand jury for that purpose, the Department of Justice is not required by law to do so, are they   are you?  Cornyn asked.Lynch didn t answer directly, but seemed to indicate the department has some wiggle room, and can consult with officials before deciding what to do. It would not be an operation of law, it would be an operation of procedures,  Lynch said in reply. She added that the decision to pursue a criminal case would be  done in conjunction with the agents  involved in the investigation.  It s not something that we would want to cut them out of the process. Read more: Washington Examiner",0
16723,JUST RELEASED: Horrifying Cell Phone VIDEO From Inside Lavoy Finicum’s Vehicle Shows What REALLY Happened,"The Deschutes County Sheriff s Office says the shooting of Lavoy Finicum was justified. Shocking cell phone footage captured from inside the truck of LaVoy Finicum, the 54-year-old leader in the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge occupation, shows the moments before and after his death last January.  InfowarsAfter watching the video below, do you agree?Here s the video the FBI released following the shooting death of Lavoy Finicum:We learned yesterday that FBI agents involved in the traffic stop that led to the killing of one of the armed occupiers of an Oregon wildlife refuge are under investigation for not disclosing they fired shots that missed Robert  LaVoy  Finicum, authorities said Tuesday.Oregon State Police troopers fired the three rounds that killed the Arizona rancher during a confrontation on a remote road, law enforcement officials said at a news conference in Bend. ",0
16724,"BREAKING: FBI AGENTS UNDER INVESTIGATION For Shooting Death Of Patriot, Levoy Finicum [VIDEO]","Support for an investigation into the shooting death of Lavoy Finicum has been growing. Something about his shooting death just didn t seem right. FBI agents involved in the traffic stop that led to the killing of one of the armed occupiers of an Oregon wildlife refuge are under investigation for not disclosing they fired shots that missed Robert  LaVoy  Finicum, authorities said Tuesday.Oregon State Police troopers fired the three rounds that killed the Arizona rancher during a confrontation on a remote road, law enforcement officials said at a news conference in Bend.CLICK HERE to see the video of FBI Agents shooting and killing Lavoy Finicum.An independent investigation by Oregon authorities found the troopers were justified in shooting Finicum because he failed to heed their commands and repeatedly reached for his weapon, Malheur County District Attorney Dan Norris said.The investigators discovered members of an FBI hostage rescue team who were at the scene failed to disclose they fired two rounds.As they looked into how many shots were fired during the confrontation and by whom, the investigators found a round in the roof of Finicum s truck. We could not explain the fourth shot into the roof of the truck, or its trajectory given the placement of the Oregon State Police troopers at the time,  Deschutes County Sheriff Shane Nelson said.The U.S. Justice Department s Office of Inspector General said it is investigating the FBI team s actions, working with Oregon officials.During the news conference, Oregon officials played videos showing Finicum and others in his truck Jan. 26 during the initial stop by law enforcement. Finicum was driving one of two vehicles that were pulled over while carrying key occupation figures.Video taken from the phone of one of his passengers shows the occupants panicking after authorities stop the truck.With his window rolled down, Finicum shouts at the officers:  Shoot me, just shoot me! Put the bullet through me. Do as you damn well please. After a conversation with others in the truck, Finicum drives off, leading authorities on a short chase. The song  Hold Each Other  by a Great Big World was on the vehicle s stereo.Finicum was driving over 70 mph when the truck came to a roadblock, Nelson said.A trooper fired three shots at the truck as it approached because it was a threat to law enforcement, he said. The truck plowed into a snowbank. Finicum got out, and someone from the FBI team fired two more shots, Nelson said.As Finicum stood in the snow, authorities told him multiple times to lie on the ground. Instead, he reached into the inside of his jacket. The troopers fired three rounds, all of which hit Finicum. A loaded pistol was found in his jacket pocket.Oregon investigators said Finicum posed a threat to officers by nearly running over one of them at the roadblock, and by reaching for a gun.Occupation members in the other vehicle, including leader Ammon Bundy, surrendered.Finicum was a high-profile part of the weekslong standoff at Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, launched Jan. 2 by a small armed group demanding the government relinquish control of public lands and objecting to the prison sentences of two local ranchers convicted of setting fires.His death became a symbol for those decrying federal oversight, on public lands in the West and elsewhere, and led to protests of what they called an unnecessary use of force. Via: AP",0
16725,"STAND UP AND CHEER! UKIP Party Leader SLAMS Germany, France And EU Invasion Of Phony Refugees [VIDEO]","He s been Europe s version of the outspoken Ted Cruz for some time now. Nigel Farage, leader of the UK Independence Party may be the most disliked member of the European Parliment. But he plows ahead, ignorning  the open sneers and insults by his fellow members of the EU Parliment.  In what must count as perhaps the worst piece of public policy seen in modern Europe for half a century. When you compound it with an already failing and flawed EU common asylum policy, by saying to the whole world,  Please come to Europe.  and we saw frankly, virtually a stampede, and we learned that 80% of those that are coming are not Syrian refugees. In fact, what you ve done is opened the door to young, male, economic migrants, many of whom I have to say behave quite in a rather an aggressive manner, quite the opposite of what you would expect to see of any refugee. And yet when that failure is met by objections from countries like Hungary, their opinions are crushed.  This isn t a Europe of peace, it s a Europe of division, it s a Europe of disharmony, it s a Europe that s a recipe for resentment. And yet, faced with all this failure, both of you said the same thing today. You said,  Europe isn t working so let s have some more Europe, more of the same failing.  Well there is I think, a bright star on the horizon. It s called the British referendum. And given that none of you want to concede Britain the ability to take back control of her own borders, a  Brexit  now, looks more likely than at any other time. We could use about 100 Nigel Farage s in our U.S. Congress .https://youtu.be/GbJp8zxduWk",0
16726,NYC PUBLIC BATHROOMS Go To Gender Identity And NOT Anatomy,"This ll be about as bad as it s been in Seattle where this policy has been a complete failure. We ve reported on men entering the women s locker room while young girls are there. This opens the door to so many issues including sexual assault and total law suits from traumatized people. With the left it s all about how you feel and not about the truth. That s a problem when you re dealing with gender in a public place. I have three young girls and would never want a man to be in a locker room with us. Mayor de Blasio signed an executive order Monday requiring workers in city-owned buildings to let people use bathrooms based on their gender identity, regardless of their anatomy.The executive order, which seeks to clarify existing rules issued by the city s Commission on Human Rights, also mandates training for municipal workers on the policy, which is designed to help 25,000 transgender New Yorkers. We think defending the rights of one community is defending the rights of all communities,  de Blasio said right before signing the order, which goes into effect immediately.He spoke at the Chelsea Recreation Center in Manhattan, surrounded by cheering LGBT activists. As someone who at one point would not stay outside for more than four hours for fear of not having access to public accommodations   I understand the impact of this executive order,  said Sean Coleman, the executive director of the Bronx-based LGBT advocacy group Destination Tomorrow.Read more: NYDN",0
16727,ADMIRAL “ACE” LYONS: “Why would an American President embrace the Muslim Brotherhood?” [Video],THIS MAN IS A GREAT PATRIOT! Retired General  Ace  Lyons rips into the Obama regime like no other and it s honestly pretty frightening. ,0
16728,"WHOA! VP BIDEN’S ONE NIGHT VISIT To Mexico Costs Taxpayers $538,528.65!","Could someone please tell these idiots that America is over 19 TRILLION dollars in debt! This is just ridiculous! Vice President Joe Biden s hotel tab for his recent one-night stay in Mexico City cost taxpayers more than $500,000.Biden, who attended an annual economic summit with Mexican leaders, stayed at the luxury Intercontinental Presidente Hotel. Biden led a delegation attending the summit that included Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker, Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz, and Interior Secretary Sally Jewell.The trip called for 260 hotel rooms and meeting spaces, according to a State Department contract. The total hotel tab was $538,528.65.The government said the trip costs were justified due to security concerns and last-minute planning. In addition to supporting a large delegation within a short time frame, last minute and frequent changes of itineraries for supporting personnel often result in significant changes in how Posts work with the vendors,  the State Department said.  With the exception of a few trips, contracts are not permitted to be signed until the Department of State (Post) has written confirmation from all supporting agencies, which enables collection of funds from said agencies in the event of cancellation. These unique Senior High-Level USG [U.S. government] VIP travel requirements result in only a single or a very limited number of responsible sources with no other supplies or services capable of satisfying agency requirement,  they added.Biden spent only one night in Mexico City, according to the White House schedule. He departed Washington on Wednesday, Feb. 24, and was in Mexico on Thursday to attend meetings for the summit. By Friday, he was in Utah for a  roundtable on cancer. Via: WFB",0
16729,"OBAMA GIVES ILLEGAL ALIENS IN FLINT, MI Amnesty So They Can Get Free Sh*t From Taxpayers","Because people who scale border walls and break the law to get into our country deserve the same taxpayer funded benefits as legal citizens right?Caving into the demands of the open borders movement and pro-immigrant Spanish media, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) will refrain from enforcing immigration laws in areas of Flint, Michigan affected by a water crisis. The water amnesty is the latest of many reprieves issued by the Obama administration to help illegal immigrants nationwide. Judicial Watch has reported on many of them, including recent hurricane, earthquake, Ebola and  severe weather  amnesties.This one involves the widely reported water situation in Flint, which is located about 66 miles northwest of Detroit. Last year researchers discovered that the city s drinking water was contaminated with lead from decaying old pipes. The problem arose after a switch in 2014 in the city s water source to save money. Soon complaints mounted that the water smelled and looked strange and academic researchers discovered that it was toxic. This all occurred after a 7-1 vote by the Flint City Council to stop buying Detroit water and join a new pipeline project, according to a local news report.Now there s a state of emergency and the feds have stepped in, supplying the area with free bottled water and special filters to install at home until the local water supply is clean. For weeks immigrant rights groups complained that residents had to show identification to receive their free goods from the government and illegal aliens were being left out. National Spanish-language media outlets blasted the Obama administration for discriminating against illegal aliens. One reported that undocumented immigrants weren t getting help for fear of being deported, instead opting to drink contaminated water or pay out of pocket to buy some. Another major Spanish-language newspaper wrote that illegal immigrants and their children suffered lead poisoning and couldn t get clean emergency water because they didn t have identification cards.  When the National Guard went door to door distributing potable water, many were scared to open because they feared the uniformed persons were immigration agents who would deport them,  the paper wrote.The Anti-Defamation League (ADL), which claims to combat bigotry and protect civil rights for all, joined the cause expressing  horror  and  indignation  that the government denied undocumented immigrants free water and filters because they couldn t provide a photo ID or Social Security number. In a Spanish-language statement the group s Michigan chapter referred to news reports that Flint-area fire department stations distributing water were requiring identification. But even in places that aren t requiring ID, illegal immigrants are scared to come out and get their potable water out of fear that they will be deported, the ADL stresses in its announcement.  We are calling on the National Guard to order all fire departments and other centers distributing supplies that no one be rejected. Like a good lapdog the Obama administration obliged. This week DHS issued a statement in English and Spanish guaranteeing that U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) would not conduct enforcement operations at or near locations distributing clean water in Flint or surrounding areas.  Moreover, DHS officials do not and will not pose as individuals providing water-related information or distributing clean water as part of any enforcement activities,  the statement assures. The agency s priority is to support state and local government efforts to distribute clean water, the statement says, adding that DHS stands  ready to assist those in need.  Via: Judicial Watch",0
16730,WOW! HERE ARE FOUR LAWS Hillary Clinton Appears To Have Broken [Video],Former Attorney General Michael McKasey lists 4 laws Hillary Clinton appears to have broken:  There s one that says you can t put classified information in an unclassified setting. That s the one that General Petraeus was convicted of on his own plea. There s one that says that you can t expose national secrets through gross negligence. Then there s one that says you can t destroy government information. And then there s one that says you can t obstruct justice.  ,0
16731,A TAMPON TAX? Women Suing Their State For Unfair Tax Calling Tampons A “Luxury Item”,"This is proof that the government will tax just about anything! Calling tampons a luxury item is just about the most ridiculous thing I ve ever heard. Condoms are not taxed though?It s that time of the month, time to sue New York State for imposing sales tax on tampons   according to a group of women who are pissed off over the law.Five women have filed a class action lawsuit calling out the Empire State for not giving tampons the same preferential treatment that male medical products get. For instance, in NY   Rogaine, condoms and foot powder are exempt from the standard 4% sales tax. The state s Dept. of Taxation and Finance says tampons are used to  control a normal bodily function and to maintain personal cleanliness.  The plaintiffs say that s BS, and tampons are not luxury items   they re medical necessities to avoid infection and other nasty circumstances. They want the tax lifted immediately.Read more: TMZ",0
16732,INVASION OF AMERICA: POSSIBILITY OF A TRUMP WALL Has Illegals Racing To Across The Border In Record Numbers,"A report just came out about the crazy huge numbers of illegals crossing our OPEN BORDER. Yes, Obama has basically opened our borders to pretty much anyone who can walk or crawl across. That means people from all over the globe including terrorists!The prospect of Donald Trump s border wall becoming a reality has illegal immigrants racing for the U.S.An investigative report by Reuters quantitatively and qualitatively shows the Republican front-runner s vow to secure the border has struck fear into the hearts of would-be illegal aliens. The news service interviewed migrants and smugglers for Tuesday s report, in addition to pouring over Customs and Border Patrol data: If Trump wins, we re all screwed and all Latinos are screwed,  Isaias Franco, a 46-year-old from El Salvador who was deported from the United States late last year and is now trying to get back, said at a migrant shelter in Ciudad Juarez, just across the border from El Paso, Texas.U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) data shows 150,304 migrants were detained trying to cross the U.S.-Mexico border between October and February, up 24 percent from the same period last year.Similar data for  unaccompanied  child migrants   those traveling without a guardian   is not yet available, but between October and January, 20,455 kids were apprehended on the southwest border, up over 100 percent from a year ago. They think they need to take advantage while they can,  said Blanca Rivera, who manages a Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, migrant shelter.She said coyotes in the Honduran capital Tegucigalpa   who charge about $7,000 per person   have been telling people now is the time to leave.CBP data revealed 150,304 people were apprehended trying to illegal enter the U.S. through its southern border between October and February 2015   a 24 percent jump over the previous year. Unaccompanied minors detained illegally entering the U.S. from October to January   20,455   skyrocketed 100 percent compared to the previous year.Isaias Franco, a 46-year-old from El Salvador who was deported from the U.S. last year, told Reuters from Ciudad Juarez that he was determined to return. If Trump wins, we re all screwed and all Latinos are screwed,  Franco said.  You watch the news   There s a lot of fear among Latinos. Read more: WNDMEXICO REJECTS THE POSSIBILITY OF A WALLMEXICO CITY (Reuters)   There is no way Mexico would fund Donald Trump s  terrible  plan to build a wall along its border with the United States if the Republican front-runner wins the U.S. presidential election, the Mexican finance minister said.Trump, the New York billionaire developer and former reality television star, sparked outrage in Mexico when he vowed to force Latin America s second largest economy to pay for a wall along the southern U.S. border to stem the flow of illegal immigration and drugs.In a televised interview late on Wednesday, Finance Minister Luis Videgaray categorically rejected the proposal. Under no circumstance will Mexico pay for the wall that Mr. Trump is proposing,  he said.  Building a wall between Mexico and the United States is a terrible idea. It is an idea based on ignorance and has no foundation in the reality of North American integration. Trump has accused Mexico of sending rapists and drug runners across the U.S. border and has vowed to increase fees on some Mexican visas and all border crossing cards as part of a broader plan to force Mexico to pay for the wall. Read more: Yahoo",0
16733,AMERICA’S UNEMPLOYMENT RATE IS LOWER But Number Of Americans On Food Stamps Is Shocking,"THE NUMBER OF AMERICANS ON FOOD STAMPS IS AT AN ALL TIME HIGH!  Obama crows that the official unemployment rate is much lower than it was a few years ago. Too bad the statistic is meaningless:Despite the unemployment rate being at an eight-year low (4.9 percent as of January 2016), the number of people on food stamps remains near an all-time high which was 47,636,000 in 2013.Why the disparity in the numbers? Well, the unemployment rate does not take into account people who are not in, or have dropped out of, the workforce altogether.The Bureau of Labor Statistics reported in January of this year that approximately 94 million Americans are not participating in the workforce.But the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) has been hovering around 46 million participants since 2011. The current figure, as of February 2016, stands at 45.8 million Americans receiving food stamps.Bloomberg Business reported that the last time the unemployment rate was at five percent in April 2008, only 28 million Americans were on food stamps.Several reasons explain the high numbers. Governments have made it easier to sign up for the program. More than 85 percent of eligible food-stamp recipients took assistance in 2013, the most recent year of available data, compared to 70 percent in 2008. The higher sign-up rate among those qualified accounts for 8.6 million more people on food stamps   about half of the program s total increase. Well, at least President Obama put forth one program that has been easy to sign up for.We now have a country based on government dependence. Heritage Foundation research fellow Robert Rector said,  Clearly there s a group of people who are not in the labor force, and 10 years ago they would have been. Now they re relying on food stamps. When we have a government full of enablers telling people that they don t have to work to provide for themselves and their families, they create an atmosphere of dependence and reliance.As the Big Government ratchet is turned ever further to the left, and it is ever easier to spend other people s money instead of earning your own, this number is more likely to rise than decline.READ MORE: MOONBATTERY",0
16734,OBAMA’S JUSTICE DEPT. GRANTS IMMUNITY To Staffer Who Set Up Clinton E-Mail Server,"This is Barack Obama s Justice Department and Loretta Lynch is just taking orders. This is a BIG development!The Justice Department has granted immunity to the former State Department staffer who worked on Hillary Rodham Clinton s private email server, a sign the FBI investigation into possible criminal wrongdoing is progressing.A senior U.S. law enforcement official said the FBI had secured the cooperation of Bryan Pagliano who worked on Clinton s 2008 presidential campaign before setting up the server in her New York home in 2009.As the FBI looks to wrap up its investigation in the coming months, agents will likely want to interview Clinton and her senior aides about the decision to use a private server, how it was set up, and whether any of the participants knew they were sending classified information in emails, current and former officials said.Read more: Washington Post",0
16735,WATCH CONSERVATIVE HOTTIE TOMI LAHREN Go Head To Head With Pro-Black Panther Activist [Video],"Yes, yes, yes! Tomi nails it again! Tomi goes at it with a radio host over the Black Panthers and Beyonce. She s the best! ",0
16736,DEAR RNC: An Everyday American Writes A Letter To Explain The Trump Phenomenon,"This letter was sent to 100% FED Up! by an anonymous author:It doesn t matter who you support for President in 2016. This letter will make you want to stand up and cheer for the 80 year old American who expresses what most of us are feeling right now. Enjoy RNC P.O. Box 96994 Washington DC 20090-6994Dear Representative,From the time I was able to vote I voted Republican. I am 80 years old, and have a great deal of respect and influence with hundreds of senior ball players who also network with thousands of others around the country.I received your questionnaire and request for money and strongly agree with every question, as I have since Obama was elected. Unfortunately the one question that was missing is  What have the Republicans done for the American people?  We gave you a majority in the House and Senate, yet you never listened to us. Now you want our money.You should be more concerned about our votes, not our money. You are the establishment, which means all you want is to save your jobs and line your pockets  Well guess what?  It s not going to happen  You shake in your boots when I tell you we re giving our support to TRUMP and he hasn t asked for a dime.You might think we are fools because you feel Trump is on a self destruction course, but you need to look beyond Washington and listen to the masses. Nobody has achieved what he has, especially in the liberal state of New York.You clearly don t understand why the Trump movement is so strong, so I d like to share with you an analogy to help explain the Trump phenomenon. By the way, it s not just the Republicans who feel ignored and disrespected, there are plenty of Democrats and Independents who also feel let down by the Washington elite. You seem to have  forgotten about  We The People  and who hired you to represent us.So here it is, the best analogy I could come up with. Here is the reason so many Americans have boarded the Trump Train, and why you re pleas to come back to the party who deserted us, is falling on deaf ears:You ve been on vacation for two weeks, you come home, and your basement is infested with raccoons. Hundreds of rabid, messy, mean raccoons have overtaken your basement. You want them gone immediately You call the city and four different exterminators, but nobody could handle the job. There is this one guy however, who guarantees you he will get rid of them, so you hire him. You don t care if the guy smells, you don t care if the guy swears, you don t care how many times he s been married, you don t care if he was friends with liberals, you don t care if he has plumber s crack you simply want those raccoons gone! You want your problem fixed! He s the guy. He s the best. Period. Here s why we want Trump: Yes he s a bit of an ass, yes he s an egomaniac, but we don t care. The country is a mess because politicians have become too self-serving. The Republican Party is two-faced & gutless. Illegal aliens have been allowed to invade our nation. We want it all fixed! We don t care that Trump is crude, we don t care that he insults people, we don t care that he had been friendly with Hillary, we don t care that he has changed positions, we don t care that he s been married three times, we don t care that he fights with Megan Kelly and Rosie O Donnell, we don t care that he doesn t know the name of some Muslim terrorist. This country is weak, bankrupt, our enemies are making fun of us, we are being invaded by illegal aliens and bringing tens of thousands of Muslim refugees to America, while leaving Christians behind to be persecuted. We are becoming a nation of victims where every Tom, Ricardo and Hasid is part of a special group with special rights, to the point where we don t even recognize the country we were born and raised in;  AND WE JUST WANT IT FIXED  and Trump is the only guy who seems to understand what the people want. We re sick of politicians. We re sick of the Democratic Party and the Republican Party. We just want this thing fixed. Trump may not be a saint, but he isn t beholden to lobbyist money and he doesn t have political correctness restraining him. All we know is that he has been very successful, he s an excellent negotiator, he has built a lot of things, and he s also not a politician. He s definitely not a cowardly politician. When he says he ll fix it, we believe him because he is too much of an egotist to be proven wrong or looked at and called a liar.Oh yeah I forgot we don t care if the guy has bad hair either.  We just want those raccoons gone. Out of your house. NOW!",0
16737,WAKE UP AMERICA! SOMALI CANDIDATES IN MINNESOTA Only Speak In Somali At Caucus…Guess Who They’re Voting For [Video],"While our eyes are on the invasion of Europe, we re being quietly invaded by Muslim  refugees  who re really not refugees at all. We need to put an end to the refugee resettlement program NOW! The State Department has admitted over 10,000 Somalis in  10 years! Minneapolis has been hit hardest with a crazy number of 4,868! If you think these people aren t coming here for the  goodies  like welfare then you need to read this:Feds  relocation of Somali refugees stresses Minn. welfare, raises terror fearsThese people do not assimilate and are here as moochers. Economic migrants are NOT refugees! Below is just a snapshot of what happened at the caucus but please go to Eric Roper s Twitter account and I know you ll be shocked: Eric Roper Twitter Two candidates from the Democratic Farmer Labor Party in Minnesota held a caucus where reporters couldn t even report on the event because the attendees and candidates only spoke in Somali! Eric Roper of the Star Tribune was trying to report and here s what he heard   NO ENGLISH!Ilhan Omar now addressing the room. No English so far in candidate speeches, so I can t relay what has been said pic.twitter.com/OH3jTpH91I  Eric Roper (@StribRoper) March 2, 2016Quite a scene here as Omar (left) and Noor (right) supporters break off pic.twitter.com/O2aRZ18HKC  Eric Roper (@StribRoper) March 2, 2016 ",0
16738,DELEGATES FOR DUMMIES: How They’re Awarded…And How Many Your Candidate Needs To Win [VIDEO],"Stop counting the votes! Your candidates nomination based strictly on the number of delegates they are able to obtain from each state following their elections.WATCH this great video explaining how Hillary can receive less votes, but still win with super delegates:The nominating contests that will determine the Democratic and Republican nominees for the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election are about to enter a critical phase. On March 1, known as Super Tuesday, primaries or caucuses are being held in about a dozen states, and they could be turning points in both parties.But the key to winning the nomination for each party is ultimately not about the popular vote. It is about securing the number of delegates needed to win the nomination at each party s convention   July 18-21 in Cleveland for the Republicans and July 25-28 in Philadelphia for the Democrats.Like so many things in politics, there are twists and turns in how the popular vote is used to select each party s candidate.The following is a guide to the nominating process:Q: Is the delegate selection process the same for the Republican and Democratic parties?A: No. The parties set their own rules. One thing that is the same is that at each party convention, a candidate needs to reach only a simple majority of the delegate votes to win the nomination.Q: How many delegates are there?A: The Democratic convention will be attended by about 4,763 delegates, with 2,382 delegates needed to win the nomination. The Republican convention will be attended by 2,472 delegates, with 1,237 delegates needed to win.Q: I keep hearing about  superdelegates.  Are they different from other delegates? Do both the Republicans and Democrats have superdelegates?A: Superdelegates, officially known as unpledged delegates, are a sort of wild card in the nominating process, but only the Democrats have them.The category was created for the 1984 Democratic convention, and according to political scientists, they are a legacy of the 1980 convention when there was a fight for the nomination between President Jimmy Carter, who was seeking a second term in the White House, and Senator Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts. Members of Congress were frustrated by their lack of influence, because delegates elected to support one candidate could not switch to support another. So Democratic members of the House of Representatives led an effort to win a role for themselves. That resulted in the creation of superdelegates. Unlike other delegates, superdelegates may change what candidate they are supporting right up to the convention.There is no fixed number of superdelegates because the group is defined by various categories whose members change from one election cycle to another. Here is who gets to be a superdelegate:All Democratic members of the House of Representatives and the Senate; the Democratic governors; the Democratic president and vice president of the United States; former Democratic presidents and vice presidents; former Democratic leaders of the U.S. Senate; former Democratic speakers of the House and former Democratic minority leaders. Throw in the members of the Democratic National Committee and the former chairs of the DNC and you finally have the whole pool of superdelegates.Q: What about the other delegates? Do they get to choose which candidate to support?A: Both the Democratic and Republican parties send delegates to their conventions based on the popular vote in the primary elections and caucuses held in each of the 50 states. But the parties have different rules on how delegates are allotted to a candidate.The Democratic Party applies uniform rules to all states. In each state, delegates are allocated in proportion to the percentage of the primary or caucus vote in each district. But a candidate must win at least 15 percent of the vote to be allocated any delegates.The Republican Party lets states determine their own rules, although it does dictate some things. Some states award delegates proportionate to the popular vote, although most such states have a minimum percentage that a candidate must reach to win any delegates. Some other states use the winner-take-all method, in which the candidate with the highest percentage of the popular vote is awarded all the delegates. Other states use a combination of the two methods.States that use the proportionate method may instead use the winner-take-all method if one candidate wins more than 50 percent of the popular vote.In addition, the Republican Party requires that all states with nominating contests held between March 1 and March 14 use the proportional method, meaning that all the states holding votes on Super Tuesday will have to award delegates proportionally.Q: What happens to delegates if a candidate drops out of the race?A: Another good question, because we have certainly seen that happen this year.For the Democratic Party, in every state, delegates are reallocated to the remaining candidates.Nomination About Delegates, Not VotesThe power brokers of the Democrat party are not about to let crazy uncle Bernie represent them in the presidential election this year. He is anxious to flatten the economic map in the nation and go much further than Obama has in stealing from the rich and destroying the wealth generating engine of the country. Perhaps the elite wish things to do down a bit differently than what Sanders has in mind.It turns out that the New Hampshire primary, which Bernie won in a landslide, will probably award him fewer delegates than Hillary receives.Sanders won 60 percent of the vote, but thanks to the Democratic Party s nominating system, he leaves the Granite State with at least 13 delegates while she leaves with at least 15 delegates.New Hampshire has 24  pledged  delegates, which are allotted based on the popular vote. Sanders has 13, and Clinton has 9, with 2 currently allotted to neither.Under Democratic National Committee rules, New Hampshire also has 8  superdelegates,  party officials who are free to commit to whomever they like, regardless of how their state votes. Their votes count the same as delegates won through the primary.New Hampshire has 8 superdelegates, 6 of which are committed to Hillary Clinton, giving her a total of 15 delegates from New Hampshire as of Wednesday at 9 a.m.The two remaining superdelegates remain uncommitted, so Hillary actually comes out ahead in overall delegate count. Clinton has 394 delegates that includes both super delegates and ones that are picked up in primary elections, while Bernie now has only 42. In other words the fix is in, and Clinton will absolutely be the Democrat nominee for president unless she is indicted for her illegal acts dealing with top secret government documents.But as with the assigning of delegates, it seems that the will of the people, along with their clearly declared votes, will be ignored and the coronation will still take place. As some of my friends like to say,  Hillary for Prison, 2016!  May it be so.For the Republican Party, it varies by state. In some states, delegates are required to stick with their original candidate at least through the first ballot at the Republican National Convention. In some other states, if a candidate drops out, his or her delegates may immediately pledge to another candidate. There is also a middle ground in which those delegates are reallocated to the remaining candidates. Via: NYPost",0
16739,WHAT’S SO WRONG WITH TRANSGENDER BATHROOMS? This Guy Has The Awesome Answer!,"Recently, a man in Seattle wandered into a women s locker room full of little girls:LIBERAL SEATTLE GETS WHAT IT VOTES FOR: Outrage After  Transgender  Man Hangs Out In Women s Locker Room [Video]You see, Seattle had just passed a gender neutral law that said if you  feel  like a woman then you can use the women s bathroom/locker room. Here s a great example to pass on of why this is not a good idea:Clayton Cramer asks,  What s the problem with transgender restrooms?  Then he answers his own question with *links to a few news stories:*PLEASE GO TO THE SOURCE FOR THE ORIGINAL STORY BY CLICKING ON THE WORD  LINKS  ABOVE.  Cross-dressing man allegedly videotaped women in restroom  Police: Sex offender posed as woman, went into women s locker room  Police: Man in bra and wig found in women s bathroom   admitted to other offense where he showered in the girls  locker room for sexual gratification  Cross-dressing peeper infiltrates Cal women s locker room  Man dressed as woman tried to take pictures in dorm, police say  Purdue police investigate report of man taking photographs in women s restroom  Transgender student in women s locker room raises uproar   exposes self to underage girls  Cross-dressing man arrested for exposure at Walmart  See more: moonbattery",0
16740,MISSISSIPPI Gov Signs “Confederate Heritage Month” Bill…Will Obama Send Black Lives Matter Terrorists Down To “Correct” Their Mistake?,"How long will it take for Obama s Army to descend on Mississippi? Black Lives Matter is far from a spontaneous movement. Obama and his race hustler friends have been working towards this goal for decades. It s really quite sad to see the racial divide in America today. College kids are being indoctrinated into thinking White=bad and Black=victim. How can this possibly be a good thing for our nation? Obama has made no secret about wanting to take America down a few notches, it doesn t take a brain surgeon to see that by dividing our nation by race, ethnicity, gender and income, we will never be able to come together when faced with a crisis. Make no mistake about it, with all of the un-vetted  refugees'  we re bringing to America, all of the illegals we re allowing to flood across our borders, and all of the dangerous prisoners (including Gitmo) Obama is releasing from our prisons, we WILL be faced with a crisis before Obama leaves office. January 2017 can t come fast enough   A house divided against itself cannot stand  -Abraham LincolnUPDATE Friday: Bryant spokesman Clay Chandler tweeted an updated Proclamations page, which now includes Confederate Heritage Day, as well as Vernon Dahmer Day, Irish Heritage Month and Ronald Reagan Day but no Black History Month.Two weeks before the Mississippi Legislature allowed 19 state flag bills to die in committee, Gov. Phil Bryant took out a pen and signed an official governor s proclamation, declaring the month of April  Confederate Heritage Month,  a routine occurrence in Mississippi and several other southern states.The proclamation, which does not appear on the State of Mississippi s website with other proclamations, such as about emergency inclement weather, is posted on the website of the Sons of Confederate Veterans, which is ferociously against changing the Mississippi flag to remove the Confederate battle flag which supporters like to call the  Beauregard flag from its canton.On Bryant s gubernatorial letterhead, the proclamation starts out by explaining that April is the appropriate month to honor Confederate heritage because it  is the month in which the Confederate States began and ended a four-year struggle.  It adds that the state celebrates Confederate Memorial Day on April 25 to  recognize those who served in the Confederacy. It then explains that it is  important for all Americans to reflect upon our nation s past  and  to gain insight from our mistakes and successes,  adding that we must  earnestly strive to understand and appreciate our heritage and our opportunities which lie before us. Bryant refuses to take a position on changing the Mississippi flag, saying it should be up to the voters, who decided in 2001 to leave the old flag in place, in a vote that fell largely along racial lines.For entire story: Jackson Free Press ",0
16741,ATHEISTS SUE GOVERNOR OF TEXAS Over Display on Capitol Grounds," I m convinced the Freedom From Religion group of atheists didn t get enough attention when they were kids. They re perpetually offended by just about everything. Here s yet another case of them mocking a nativity scene with a childish display and then suing the Texas governor when he took it down.Texas Gov. Greg Abbott is being sued by an atheist group over his decision to remove its nativity-scene parody from the state Capitol in December.The Freedom From Religion Foundation announced a federal lawsuit against Abbott in the Western District of Texas, Austin division, on Thursday. The organization alleges the governor violated free speech, equal protection and due process rights when he ordered the removal of an  exhibit  commemorating the  birth  of the Bill of Rights.The image in question, approved by Texas  State Preservation Board, included the Statue of Liberty, the Founding Fathers and the Bill of Rights in a manger. It was placed in the state Capitol Dec. 18, 2015, and remained there for three days before Abbott acted. Mocking the Capitol nativity scene is offensive. I demand the removal of the satirical  nativity scene  from Capitol,  Abbott tweeted Dec. 22, 2015.The governor also penned a letter to the State Preservation Board: This juvenile parody violates the Preservation Board s regulations and should be removed immediately.   The biblical scene of the newly born Jesus Christ lying in a manger in Bethlehem lies at the very heart of the Christian faith. Subjecting an image held sacred by millions of Texans to the Foundation s tasteless sarcasm does nothing to promote morals and the general welfare,  Abbott said.  To the contrary, the Foundation s spiteful message is intentionally designed to belittle and offend, which undermines rather than promotes any public purpose a display promoting the Bill of Rights might otherwise have had. Read more: wnd ",0
16742,WHY AMERICANS SHOULD Care That Facebook’s CEO Is Threatening Users Against Muslim Refugee “Hate Speech”,"We are two moms who have put our lives on hold to do everything in our power to fight the progressives on the left from stealing our freedoms and the future of this great nation from our children. Over four years ago, we started the 100 Percent FED Up! Facebook page with the goal of exposing the truth that so many frustrated Americans were not finding in the mainstream media. We ve suffered several cases of censorship by Facebook along the way, but we never gave up. We may disappear after we publish this article, but we ve made a commitment to exposing the truth and we re not going to back down now.It should frighten every person who uses Facebook, that a CEO of a the largest social media platform in the world, has openly expressed the view that America should give up our national security and follow Germany s lead when it comes to open borders for [Muslim] migrants. I suppose it s easy for billionaires who are surrounded by top security firms, and live a life far removed from the every day American, to say that we should accept these rapists, violent invaders, and YES, members of terror groups disguised as  refugees  into our neighborhoods and communities. After all, they won t be living next door to Mark Zuckerberg. He will likely never have a single encounter with them in his day to day life.Mark Zuckerberg recently admonished his workers for replacing  Black  with the word  All  in Obama s race war motto:  Black Lives Matter.  For anyone who s paying attention, asking your workers to essentially accept admonishment for being white from a group of domestic terrorists, is a dangerous precedent for an owner of any company, much less the largest social media organization in the world. We need to fight back against this. We need to not be afraid of censorship or the ramifications when we voice our opinions.Mark Zuckerberg praised Germany for their  inspiring  refugee policies during a visit to the country and reiterated his commitment to combating  hate speech  on Facebook.Speaking at a town hall event in Berlin, the 31-year old billionaire said German leadership in the refugee crisis has been  insipiring  and a  role model for the world. I hope other countries follow Germany s lead on this,  he added.  I hope the U.S. follows Germany s lead on this. Speaking at the same event, Zuckerberg also emphasised his commitment to tackling  hate speech  on Facebook. Hate speech has no place on Facebook and in our community,  he said.  Until recently in Germany I don t think we were doing a good enough job, and I think we will continue needing to do a better and better job. Zuckerberg added that the company would place a special priority on tackling hate speech against migrants. Facebook s policies, he said, would  now include hate speech against migrants as an important part of what we just now have no tolerance for. Zuckerberg was overheard after leaving his microphone on during a conversation about the refugee crisis with Angela Merkel. Are you working on this,  the German chancellor asked him, according to Bloomberg. Yeah,  he replied.The super-rich tech boss also said  we need to do some work on the issue . We are committed to working closely with the German government on this important issue,  said Debbie Frost, a Facebook spokeswoman. We think the best solutions to dealing with people who make racist and xenophobic comments can be found when service providers, government and civil society all work together to address this common challenge. Since then, Facebook has dramatically expanded its anti-hate speech efforts, launching a new initiative to combat  racist and xenophobic  material on social media alongside European NGOs this January. Facebook is also cooperating with a task force set up by the Germany Justice Ministry to hunt down alleged racists on the platform.Some critics fear the social network is working with governments to silence any criticism of the refugee crisis.His censorship comments have now gone viral, provoking a debate about whether it is right to squash unpopular or potentially offensive views. ",0
16743,OBAMA STEALING To Keep His Pet Program Afloat,"Helloooo! Where the heck is Congress? $7 billion dollars stolen from the Treasury because our Congress has no clue and is just letting this lawless president rob us blind! How did this fly under the radar last year? Because no one   especially members of Congress   has read the law. Insurance companies weren t about to object to getting more money than the law allows. The Obama administration will tell any lie and break any law to prevent the president s signature health-care program from collapsing.Insurance companies such as UnitedHealthcare and Aetna are losing billions trying to sell ObamaCare plans, and the risk is they ll drop out at the end of 2016. No insurance companies means no ObamaCare.In 2014, the White House tried to avert that disaster by promising insurers a taxpayer-funded bailout, but public outrage and quick action by Sen. Marco Rubio put a stop to it. Now the administration is at it again.Desperate to keep insurers on board, the administration scrambled to find another pot of money. Unfortunately, once again, a big part of that money pot belongs to the public.President Obama doesn t seem to care. On Feb. 12, the administration announced that the money will be handed out to insurers   a whopping $7.7 billion this year alone. But it s not just expensive: That huge handout to the insurance industry is also illegal.This is money you and everyone else who already has insurance are forced to pay, called a reinsurance fee. You pay the fee whether you buy your own plan or get covered at work, even if your employer self-insures. You may be clueless about it, but the fee is buried in your premium or taken out of your compensation.The text of the Affordable Care Act is clear as a bell on what this money can be used for.Some of these annual fees   adding up to billions a year   belong to the public, not the insurance companies. The law states a fixed share  shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury of the United States and may not be used  to offset insurance companies  losses.But the administration gave all of it to the insurance companies last year, and got away with that heist. So now they re trying it again.Anyone in the corporate world who misused funds that way would be headed to prison. This rogue administration is going to any length   including running afoul of the law   to keep insurers hooked into ObamaCare.In the words of University of Houston law professor Seth Chandler, who tried to call attention to the crime several months ago, this is  an illegal diversion of funds . . . to enrich insurers.  Last year alone, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Texas got $549 million of these reinsurance funds, while Anthem Blue Cross of California got $401 million.How did this fly under the radar last year? Because no one   especially members of Congress   has read the law. Insurance companies weren t about to object to getting more money than the law allows.Read more: NYP",0
16744,STUNNING! FORMER DISNEY TECH WORKER’S Emotional Testimony Of Humiliation In Training Foreign Workers [Video], ,0
16745,ALL HELL IS ABOUT TO BREAK LOOSE Between European Vigilante Group “Soldiers Of Odin” And ISIS Inspired “Soldiers Of Allah”,"European nations have naively opened their borders to millions of Muslim males who have no intention of assimilating. As they make their way across Europe, police forces find themselves ill-equipped to handle the extreme increase in sexual assault and violence, so citizens are now finding themselves in a position where they are being forced to take matters into their own hands.A group of young concerned Germans made a video warning that they would no longer sit back and watch their culture and history being destroyed. The video can be viewed by clicking HERE.On February 4, 2015, we reported about a fast growing group of vigilantes who call themselves the  Soldiers of Odin. The self-styled  Soldiers of Odin  march in a mob, wearing bomber jackets with their logo on the back. They have vowed to take direct action to  protect their wives, girlfriends and children  after a migrant influx to the liberal Scandinavian country. Persons linked to Islamist groups in Oslo say that they have formed a group called  Soldiers of Allah .Via a central source in the Islamist environment, the Norwegian newspaper VG has received a statement, and photographs of the planned uniform.The group has been named  Jundullaah    which translates to  Soldiers of Allah . In response to the group of unbelievers in Soldiers of Odin, who are patrolling the streets, we Muslims have chosen to create a group to patrol the streets, initially in the capital Oslo, to forbid evil and call for the good,  says the statement.The planned  uniform , is decorated with the black flag of the terrorist organization Islamic State (IS) on the back, with a small logo on the chest.On Tuesday, Labour s Muslim deputy chairman, Hadia Tajik, said that the Soldiers of Odin defy Norway s rules on private security businesses and she tried to illustrate the problem as follows:  It is as if the Islamists would be the uniformed ones, take to the streets and call themselves guards or vigilantes. It is very undesirable and unfortunate for our country, devastating, said Tajik.Now it s exactly what is about to happen.Great tip, Tajik.The information that Islamists in Oslo are in the process of establishing a group, is also confirmed by the temporary spokesman of the Prophet s ummah who calls himself  Abu Arijon.  He said that the plan is to start in Oslo, then Drammen and T nsberg.Many of the people in  Soldiers of Allah  come from the environment around the Islamist group the Prophet s Ummah, where spokesman Ubaydullah Hussain currently is in custody and charged with recruiting for IS. Soldiers of Allah  inform in the statement themselves, that almost everyone in the group is on the  Watch List  of the Police Security Service (PST).  Is PST aware of the group  Soldiers of Allah  planning to patrol in Oslo?  We can not comment on individuals or individual groups, says senior adviser in PST, Siv Als n, to VG.So there it is. Regular street battles could soon be a reality in Norway. Soldiers of Odin against Soldiers of Allah, with the police in between. However, it will most likely not be started by the Soldiers of Odin, but the rabid Islamists in the soldiers of Allah. And then, even though the Soldiers of Odin claim to be a peaceful group, the Viking has clearly awaken   illustrated by the logo on the back. And being attacked by Islamists, they will have no other choice than to go berserk again, after a thousand years in hibernation.All hell is breaking loose in countries all across Europe. Are Americans paying attention, or has Obama s manufactured race war distracted us from his plan to seed Muslims in our small towns and communities across America through the US State Dept. Refugee Resettlement Program? ",0
16746,"HOW 125,000 ILLEGAL KIDS Have Been Able To Avoid Deportation","Did you know that only 3% of the 125,000 illegal minors have been deported? Thomas Homan, the head of deportation operations at ICE, told the Senate Judiciary Committee says that the Spanish-language media is giving instructions on how to avoid ICE agents and foil deportation orders. The pitiful effort to apprehend and deport illegals only fuels the desire for more and more illegals to try and cross into America. In fact, the numbers are expected to increase for 2016!Spanish-language media and human rights activists are actively educating illegal immigrants on how to break the law, avoid immigration agents and remain in the country even after a judge has ordered them to be kicked out, a top Obama administration official testified to Congress on Tuesday.Sometimes families shield the children by refusing to open the door to Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents, and other times they move the children to other locations, breaking their agreement with the Obama administration to notify the government of the children s whereabouts.HERE S THOMAS HOMAN S TESTIMONY FROM 2014: In as many as 75 percent of cases, the children are actively hidden from agents sent out to try to deport them, Thomas Homan, the head of deportation operations at ICE, told the Senate Judiciary Committee. Even though we re out looking for them, it s getting more difficult, based on everything I just told you, to actually apprehend these people and remove them,  he said.Overall, only about 3 percent of the more than 125,000 unaccompanied alien children (UAC) who surged across the border in the last 30 months have been deported, as Mr. Homan and his agents struggle with the sheer size of the population and the difficulties in tracking them down.The Department of Homeland Security last month began trying to target children and families for deportation, working about 1,800 leads. But only 121 were actually rounded up.Mr. Homan said that s because when they show up at the address where the children are supposed to be staying, usually the agents leave empty-handed. For the number of UACs we arrested since January, three times as many weren t at the address they were supposed to be at, never were or weren t there any longer. The Spanish media, Spanish newspapers, a lot of NGOs are educating these folks on how not to comply with law enforcement,  Mr. Homan said.  There s been many situations where we ve been at the residence, we know they re there, but they won t open the door. My officers don t have the authority, of course, to go into that house. What a pitiful effort. We know where they are, we even know they re in the house, but we don t have the  authority  to go in? If they know these facts, why can t they get a search order? A lawful deportation order has been issued, and the government won t do what s necessary to enforce it.Read more: American Thinker",0
16747,DISNEY WORKER To Testify About Having To Train His Foreign Worker Replacement,"FINALLY! The H-1b Visa program has been so abused by American companies like Disney! It s about time that an employee will testify to tell his story of total humiliation at having to train his replacement after being LAID OFF. Can you imagine? This is obviously all about bringing in cheap labor to replace American workers.One of the workers Disney fired and forced to train his foreign replacement is scheduled to testify before Congress Thursday, when he will share his story and plead with lawmakers to recognize it as part of a nationwide problem with the H-1b visa program. This situation at Disney is not an anomaly,  Leo Perrero says in prepared testimony obtained by The Daily Caller News Foundation.  This same abuse of the H1B program is happening nationwide. Perrero was laid off just ahead of the holidays in 2014 and then forced to train his foreign replacement on an H-1b visa, before he and hundreds of other IT workers at Disney in Florida left their job. He had been at Disney for more than 10 years and received outstanding performance reviews, and actually thought he was being called in for a pat on the back when his boss laid him off. This year Leo was instrumental,  reads one of the reviews Perrero cites in his testimony.  Leo saved the company over $10,000,  another read.  Leo continues to provide value to our team. THIS IS NOT ABOUT A LACK OF TALENT HERE IN THE U.S   IT S A VERY COMMON PRACTICE USED FOR CHEAP LABOR:Like Disney, Southern California Edison, Fossil Group, and Catalina Marketing have hired outsourcing firms that rely heavily on H-1bs and then laid off dozens or hundreds of tech workers, some of whom were expected to train their foreign replacements. In these and undoubtedly other cases, the laid off workers are threatened with the removal of benefits if they talk to the press about training their replacements.Read more: Daily Caller",0
16748,SENATOR MIKE LEE Nails It On Why The Senate Opposes A Supreme Court Nominee [Video],"Senator Mike Lee gives it right back to FOX s Martha MacCallum when she grilled him on why the Senate won t accept a Supreme Court nominee: MARTHA MACCALLUM (HOST): The president has laid out I think what anyone would say is a very fair set of circumstances for nominating someone, so why not give this person hearing?SEN. MIKE LEE (R-UT): OK that all sounds great. We do have to remember Martha, we re talking about a lame duck president in his final months of office who is talking about making a lifetime appointment to the highest court in the land, a court which in recent years has played an increasingly large role in the development of public policy. And we think the American people have a voice, that voice should be heard and the American people ought to be able to choose their next president and have the next president, whether that s a Republican or Democrat, make the choice.MACCALLUM: Yeah but I think, senator, with all due respect, wouldn t the American people say we elected President Obama? We also elected the senators who are currently in office, and we expect them both, on both sides to do their job. The president s job is to name a nominee, your job is to give that person a hearing and either appoint or not. Either consent, to give consent, or not. So why not go through the process? Why do you get to decide that?LEE: You re absolutely right that elections have consequences. President Obama was elected again as president in 2012. Senate elections also have consequences and when Republicans were elected to the majority in the Senate after the 2014 elections, we had an increasingly large role to play in the system. Now you re also absolutely right, the president has the right to nominate. That is his prerogative. It s also the Senate s right to decide when, whether, how, to what extent, to confirm someone and here what we re saying is, we think that it s very important to maintain a tradition, a tradition that goes all the way back to 1888 by the way. 1888 was the last time you had a Supreme Court vacancy arise during a presidential election year, and the last time that that vacancy arising during the presidential election year was filled during the same year, and confirmed by a Senate that was run by a party opposite the president s party.MACCALLUM: I think everybody listens to that and understands what you are saying and that there s   but I don t think that gets around the basic requirement to do the job, to go through the process and if you all decide that you don t want to give consent to that person, well that s absolutely your right. And just given your background and being such an adherent to the Constitution, it seems somewhat surprising I think to some people to take that attitude. And it also feeds in perhaps to the notion that people in your position don t want to   are blocking things from happening on Capitol Hill.LEE: We are blocking this from happening, make no mistake about it. We are blocking this one. And we feel it s our obligation to do so. We think that especially with this president who has overstepped his constitutional boundaries so many times   [CROSSTALK]MACCALLUM: But then why does it make it right on to do that on your side? You can look at this person and say  no thank you, we don t like this person,  but why the hesitation to have a hearing? To do the process? I think that s what people have a hard time understanding.Via: Media Matters",0
16749,THE SECRET PLAN The Democrats Have To Steal The 2016 Election [Video],"Loretta Lynch is much like Obama in that they both feel the ends justifies the means if it s for their political ideology. The eternally wronged believe they haven t gotten a fair shake and won t unless they change the rules of the game. In this case, it would be voting rights laws Yes, Loretta Lynch, Eric Holder s successor, is a big believer that Voter ID is racist. Just listen to this woman and understand that she s not representing anyone BUT her pet special interest groups   scary stuff! And the United States Department of Justice, under the direction of Attorney General Loretta Lynch, is helping them. On February 12, these groups filed a lawsuit in D.C. federal court seeking to reverse a recent decision by the U.S. Election Assistance Commission (EAC). The Commission s decision allows Kansas and other states, including Arizona and Georgia, to enforce state laws ensuring that only citizens register to vote when they use a federally designed registration form.Under federal law, the EAC is responsible for designing the federal voter-registration form required by the National Voter Registration Act, or Motor Voter, as it is commonly called. While states must register voters who use the federal form, states can ask the EAC to include instructions with the federal form about additional state registration requirements. Some states are now requiring satisfactory proof of citizenship to ensure that only citizens register to vote.Under Article I, Secion 2 and the Seventeenth Amendment to the Constitution, states have the power to set the  Qualification requisite for electors.  As with many issues, the Left disdains the balance the Framers adopted in the Constitution and objects to this delegation of power to the states. They prefer to see power over elector eligibility centralized in Washington, D.C.So when Arizona sought to include citizenship-verification requirements with voter-registration forms, the institutional Left   including the League of Women Voters, People for the American Way, Common Cause, Project Vote, and Chicanos for La Causa   brought a lawsuit claiming that the EAC hadn t approved such requirements. Incredibly, this fight over whether states can ensure that only citizens are voting went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court. In 2013 in Arizona v. Inter Tribal Council of Arizona, a divided Court said that Arizona could not implement such a requirement unless and until the EAC agreed to change the instructions for use of the federal form to include the Arizona requirements. Incredibly, this fight over whether states can ensure that only citizens are voting went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court.However, the majority opinion in that case, written by Justice Antonin Scalia, stipulated that if the EAC refused Arizona s request to accommodate the proof-of-citizenship requirement, the state could sue the EAC and establish in court that  a mere oath will not suffice to effectuate its citizenship requirement and that the EAC is therefore under a nondiscretionary duty to include Arizona s concrete evidence requirement on the Federal Form.  The Court went so far as to say that Arizona could also claim that a refusal by the EAC would be  arbitrary,  since the agency  has accepted a similar instruction requested by Louisiana.  Indeed, the Court noted, the EAC had  recently approved a state-specific instruction for Louisiana requiring applicants who lack a Louisiana driver s license, ID card, or Social Security number to attach additional documentation  to the federal voter-registration form.Alice Miller, who was not an EAC commissioner, but only the acting executive director, denied the request. It s not even clear that Miller had the right to make this   or any other   decision. At the time, a quorum did not exist on the bipartisan, four-member independent commission. And that decision is starting to look even more suspect. It seems that Miller may not have been the one who actually made the decision after all. Sources inside the Justice Department tell me that, in fact, it was partisan, left-wing lawyers in the Voting Section of the Civil Rights Division at the Justice Department who actually drafted the denial letter. This is significant for several reasons.First, the EAC is supposed to be an independent federal agency. While the president is empowered to nominate commissioners for the two Democratic and two Republican commission slots, in practice the president consults with the majority leader of the Senate (Mitch McConnell) and the speaker of the House of Representatives (Paul Ryan), as well as the leaders of the minority party in both houses, to pick the nominees. Because the EAC deals with federal election administration, the legislation establishing the agency   the 2002 Help America Vote Act   was designed so as to provide the EAC with political balance and to be outside the president s control.Allowing lawyers for the highly partisan Voting Section to write agency policy obliterates all semblance of independence and bipartisan balance. The Voting Section of the Civil Rights Division has become one of the most controversial and ideological components in the entire U.S. government. It is the same cadre of lawyers that dismissed a voter-intimidation charge against members of the New Black Panther Party who physically threatened voters in Philadelphia to help President Barack Obama get elected in 2008; that has waged a war on voter ID and other election-integrity measures; and that has refused to enforce the Voting Rights Act in a race-neutral manner as called for by the plain text of the statute.It was Voting Section lawyers who fought in federal court to keep Kansas from enforcing a similar state law to ensure that only citizens registered to vote. One of those lawyers, Bradley Heard, engaged in potentially unethical conduct when he tweeted on his private Twitter account his impressions of the federal judge after a hearing in Kansas. Justice Department lawyers are not allowed to use social media to share with the public confidential assessments about the cases on which they work. According to a source, Heard s actions prompted a quick internal memo from DOJ ethics officials reminding Voting Section lawyers they may not take to social media to bash Kansas and talk about ongoing Justice Department litigation.On the Twitter account that landed Heard in hot water, he calls himself a  Voting Rights Gladiator . . . Outside Agitator.  Before joining the Voting Section, Heard worked for a number of years at the Advancement Project, a radical left-wing voting organization. The Advancement Project has worked closely with the ACLU, NAACP LDF, Lawyers  Committee for Civil Rights, and other liberal advocates to oppose voter-ID statutes, felon-disenfranchisement laws, and citizenship-verification regulations, and has adopted extreme positions on many other state and federal voting-rights laws.Read more: NR",0
16750,THE TRUTH About APPLE vs The US Government…And Why Americans Should Care Who Wins," Americans need to know the truth about Apple and what the government is asking them to do. They need to know what Apple has already agreed to do for the incompetent government. This article spells it all out Before we get into too much detail about the Apple VS US Government dispute, we thought it was important to share with you a letter from Apple CEO Tim Cook to their customers:February 16, 2016 The United States government has demanded that Apple take an unprecedented step which threatens the security of our customers. We oppose this order, which has implications far beyond the legal case at hand.This moment calls for public discussion, and we want our customers and people around the country to understand what is at stake.Smartphones, led by iPhone, have become an essential part of our lives. People use them to store an incredible amount of personal information, from our private conversations to our photos, our music, our notes, our calendars and contacts, our financial information and health data, even where we have been and where we are going.All that information needs to be protected from hackers and criminals who want to access it, steal it, and use it without our knowledge or permission. Customers expect Apple and other technology companies to do everything in our power to protect their personal information, and at Apple we are deeply committed to safeguarding their data.Compromising the security of our personal information can ultimately put our personal safety at risk. That is why encryption has become so important to all of us.For many years, we have used encryption to protect our customers  personal data because we believe it s the only way to keep their information safe. We have even put that data out of our own reach, because we believe the contents of your iPhone are none of our business.We were shocked and outraged by the deadly act of terrorism in San Bernardino last December. We mourn the loss of life and want justice for all those whose lives were affected. The FBI asked us for help in the days following the attack, and we have worked hard to support the government s efforts to solve this horrible crime. We have no sympathy for terrorists.When the FBI has requested data that s in our possession, we have provided it. Apple complies with valid subpoenas and search warrants, as we have in the San Bernardino case. We have also made Apple engineers available to advise the FBI, and we ve offered our best ideas on a number of investigative options at their disposal.We have great respect for the professionals at the FBI, and we believe their intentions are good. Up to this point, we have done everything that is both within our power and within the law to help them. But now the U.S. government has asked us for something we simply do not have, and something we consider too dangerous to create. They have asked us to build a backdoor to the iPhone.Specifically, the FBI wants us to make a new version of the iPhone operating system, circumventing several important security features, and install it on an iPhone recovered during the investigation. In the wrong hands, this software   which does not exist today   would have the potential to unlock any iPhone in someone s physical possession.The FBI may use different words to describe this tool, but make no mistake: Building a version of iOS that bypasses security in this way would undeniably create a backdoor. And while the government may argue that its use would be limited to this case, there is no way to guarantee such control.Some would argue that building a backdoor for just one iPhone is a simple, clean-cut solution. But it ignores both the basics of digital security and the significance of what the government is demanding in this case.In today s digital world, the  key  to an encrypted system is a piece of information that unlocks the data, and it is only as secure as the protections around it. Once the information is known, or a way to bypass the code is revealed, the encryption can be defeated by anyone with that knowledge.The government suggests this tool could only be used once, on one phone. But that s simply not true. Once created, the technique could be used over and over again, on any number of devices. In the physical world, it would be the equivalent of a master key, capable of opening hundreds of millions of locks   from restaurants and banks to stores and homes. No reasonable person would find that acceptable.The government is asking Apple to hack our own users and undermine decades of security advancements that protect our customers   including tens of millions of American citizens   from sophisticated hackers and cybercriminals. The same engineers who built strong encryption into the iPhone to protect our users would, ironically, be ordered to weaken those protections and make our users less safe.We can find no precedent for an American company being forced to expose its customers to a greater risk of attack. For years, cryptologists and national security experts have been warning against weakening encryption. Doing so would hurt only the well-meaning and law-abiding citizens who rely on companies like Apple to protect their data. Criminals and bad actors will still encrypt, using tools that are readily available to them.Rather than asking for legislative action through Congress, the FBI is proposing an unprecedented use of the All Writs Act of 1789 to justify an expansion of its authority.The government would have us remove security features and add new capabilities to the operating system, allowing a passcode to be input electronically. This would make it easier to unlock an iPhone by  brute force,  trying thousands or millions of combinations with the speed of a modern computer.The implications of the government s demands are chilling. If the government can use the All Writs Act to make it easier to unlock your iPhone, it would have the power to reach into anyone s device to capture their data. The government could extend this breach of privacy and demand that Apple build surveillance software to intercept your messages, access your health records or financial data, track your location, or even access your phone s microphone or camera without your knowledge.Opposing this order is not something we take lightly. We feel we must speak up in the face of what we see as an overreach by the U.S. government.We are challenging the FBI s demands with the deepest respect for American democracy and a love of our country. We believe it would be in the best interest of everyone to step back and consider the implications.While we believe the FBI s intentions are good, it would be wrong for the government to force us to build a backdoor into our products. And ultimately, we fear that this demand would undermine the very freedoms and liberty our government is meant to protect.Tim Cook, Apple CEORush Limbaugh explains how our incompetent government is responsible for the mess in which they find themselves: The terrorists  phones were not owned by the terrorist. Mr. Syed Farook Skyhook did not own his phone. San Bernardino County owned the phone.Do you know that over the weekend we learned the FBI told San Bernardino to change the password on this phone? They thought that they would be able to find out information if they changed the  Well, not the password. The Apple ID password. It s just it s an absolute mess. Nobody knows what s going on or how to use these things.Since San Bernardino County owned the phone, they could have had total control over it. If you are a business right now and you deploy iPhones   and I m gonna stick with iPhones in this case  cause that s what I know, but it s true of any others. If you re a small business, a corporation, and you provide phones for your employees and you own those phones, there is something called Digital Device Management. It is software that allows you to control everything on their phone.You can put restrictions on what they can do with it. You can put restrictions on which apps work and which apps won t. In other words, you can stop them from using the phone personally. In addition to that, you, because you own the phone, have the ability to erase it at any time and find out what s on it. You can reset the pass code yourself as the owner of the phone. You can do it with four clicks.If the people in San Bernardino County had ever taken the time to find out what they could do with the phones that they were giving to employees, if they had just taken the time to have somebody come in and teach them, we wouldn t be here. Because there already is a way for the FBI and San Bernardino to get what they want in the circumstance where somebody s using a phone owned by a business: It s called MDM. Mobile Device Management. And in the case of Apple, it s free. Other software, $4 a phone is what it averages out but with OS X server which is simply what you would need. It s an app, a server operating system. You can deploy  All you have to do is set up the profiles for the phones that you want that are under your management. This is why you have an IT guy. It s why you hire one. And there is a specific opportunity for owners of phones in this   like San Bernardino County, they could have gone in.It costs about $4 per phone and you have your IT manager research it and learn how to operate it, and you control and manage every phone that you deploy, remotely. You don t have to have it in your possession to set up these restrictions. It just has to be signed in to the proper ID, Apple ID, and whatever other identification systems a company uses.The moment this incident happened, they could have locked Farook and whoever out of the phone, anybody else, and only allowed themselves in. They could have gone in, they could have gotten every bit of data they wanted off that phone via a backup or a dump. They could have changed the password themselves. They could have done any number of these things. But they didn t know they could. They had no idea. And I ll wager that 95% of companies or organizations that give away phones or provide them for businesses have no clue about any of this.Apple doesn t need to add anything, and the FBI doesn t need to have Apple rewrite software for all of us because what they want exists in a large number of circumstances and did exist in this San Bernardino situation. But I m sure the people at San Bernardino were clueless and had no idea how to do this. They even confused the passcode to unlock phone and the passport for the Apple ID connecting the phone to iCloud. They got confused over that. They literally had no idea what they were doing. It s stunning what they did not know. ",0
16751,BUSTED! GUESS WHO DEFENDED The Senate’s Role In Supreme Court Confirmations…Until Now,"THE MAIN STREAM MEDIA CHOOSES to ignore the facts about many of the statements made by key Senators, Obama and Biden in the past regarding  Supreme Court confirmations in an election year. The key players who re now crying  racism  and partisanship were once staunch defenders of NOT confirming a Supreme Court nominee in an election year. Please spread this very important information around so that ALL Americans can see what hypocrites these men are. It s all about politics and power The five highest-ranking Democrats in the nation once staunchly defended the Senate s constitutional role in the Supreme Court confirmation process. Or at least they did, until now.Now, President Obama, Vice President Joe Biden, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, Senate Democratic Conference Vice Chairman Chuck Schumer, and Senate Judiciary Committee Ranking Member Patrick Leahy are suddenly ignoring the constitutional role that the Senate is mandated in the Supreme Court confirmation process.President Obama is demanding a rushed confirmation of his eventual nominee. He along with Vice President Biden, and Senators Reid, Schumer, and Leahy are not only ignoring the Constitution but also historic precedent that since at least 1880 stands firmly on the side to giving the American people a voice in choosing who the next Supreme Court justice will be when a vacancy arises in a Presidential election year.But let s look at what each of these men did and said when they were in the Senate faced with confirming Supreme Court nominees (not in an election year, where historic precedent favors delaying confirmation until the next officeholder, but in the middle of a President s term in office).President Obama:Then-Senator Obama actually voted against Justice Alito s confirmation to the Supreme Court, taking a leading role in an attempted filibuster against his nomination, something the White House now mysteriously says he  regrets. Regret was hardly the word to describe his position at the time. He eloquently described his view of the significant role played by the Senate in the Supreme Court confirmation process: It would appear that President Obama is one of the  some who believe that the president, having won the election, should have complete authority to appoint his nominee  and that the Senate s role is merely a rubber stamp. Though his position has changed, I don t believe the words of the Constitution have.Vice President Joe Biden:When then-Senator Biden chaired the Senate Judiciary Committee, he nearly invented the filibuster of Supreme Court nominees. It was he who created the concept of  Borking  a nominee as he prevented President Reagan s pick of Judge Robert Bork from being confirmed to the bench. Then-Senator Biden proclaimed: The framers clearly intended the Senate to serve as a check on the president and guarantee the independence of the judiciary,  Mr. Biden said in August 1987 in defense of his newfound opposition to Judge Bork.  The Senate has an undisputed right to consider judicial philosophy.  Under Mr. Biden s leadership, holding up nominations to the nation s appeals courts also became a routine exercise. In 1988, the Senate Judiciary Committee delayed 17 months before refusing to confirm law professor and scholar Bernard Siegan to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals because of his libertarian positions on economic issues. . . . By 1992, 64 judicial nominees were stuck in the senatorial muck waiting for the Judiciary Committee to give them a yea or nay.A once judicial obstructionist of legend is now mostly forgotten by today s mainstream media.In 2005, Senator Biden explained his philosophy at length: At its core, the filibuster is not about stopping a nominee or a bill, it s about compromise and moderation. The nuclear option extinguishes the power of independents and moderates in the Senate. That s it, they re done. Moderates are important if you need to get to 60 votes to satisfy cloture; they are much less so if you only need 50 votes. Let s set the historical record straight. Never has the Senate provided for a certainty that 51 votes could put someone on the bench or pass legislation. A year later, Senator Biden quipped,  I think a filibuster makes sense when you have a prospect of actually succeeding.  When Justice Alito s nomination came before his committee, he declared,  If he really believes that reapportionment is a questionable decision . . . then clearly, clearly, you ll find a lot of people, including me, willing to do whatever they can to keep him off the court . . . . That would include a filibuster, if need be. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid:As Senate Majority Leader, Reid slashed much of the Senate s historic role in confirming judges by invoking the  nuclear option    removing the filibuster from the confirmation process of many judgeships, but notably not the Supreme Court.Of course Senator Reid has been the leader of political partisanship, flip-flopping on the judicial confirmation process more than anyone else in the Senate. After leading the filibuster against President Bush s nominee to a circuit court judgeship, Miguel Estrada, and vehemently opposing the  nuclear option,  he then invoked the  nuclear option  to remove the filibuster when his party took the Senate and the White House.But one thing Senator Reid has said stands out. Judicial nominations are so important that the Senate s constitutional role is  at best, we move slowly  in the confirmation process. And in regard to its constitutionally prescribed  advice and consent  on Supreme Court nominations, he chided,  The Senate will enact its will. Senate Democrat Conference Vice Chairman Chuck SchumerSenator Schumer has been one of the most outspoken promoters of the Senate s power in the nomination process, taking that position to the extreme.In 2007, he declared that the Senate  should not confirm a [Bush] Supreme Court nominee EXCEPT in extraordinary circumstances.  He continued:  We should reverse the presumption of confirmation. The Supreme Court is dangerously out of balance. We cannot afford to see Justice Stevens replaced by another Roberts; or Justice Ginsburg by another Alito. Of course, he too quickly abandoned this position this week.Senate Judiciary Committee Ranking Member Patrick Leahy:Senator Leahy is probably the clearest supporter of the historic precedent against Supreme Court justices being confirmed in an election year.December 2006:  The Thurmond Rule, in memory of Strom Thurmond   he put this in when the Republicans were in the minority, which said that in a presidential election year, after spring, no judges would go through except by the consent of both the Republican and Democratic [leaders]. I want to be bipartisan. We will institute the Thurmond Rule, yes. Read more: Red State",0
16752,MICHELLE AND BARACK OBAMA Had Time For This “Circus” But No Time For Justice Scalia? [Video],President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama hosted a reception for Black History Month in the East Room of the White House on Thursday . ,0
16753,WHY MOM EMPLOYED BY DISNEY Is Calling Them “Bullies”…Voting For Trump To Stand Up To Them,"We can t say for sure, but we re guessing the truth about  the happiest place on earth  is about to be exposed by the Donald I m doing this because I don t like bullies,  Dena Moore says, explaining why she  as one of the American Disney workers who was laid off and forced to train her low-wage H-1B foreign replacement  is now launching a discrimination lawsuit against the corporation. You can t let a bully continue to be the bully. Someone had to say:  Slavery isn t right, I think I ll stand up against it.  Someone had to say:  We shouldn t [mistreat] our women. I think I ll stand up.  Someone had to stand up. That s what I m hoping that my work is doing. There s a lot of people who are just afraid,  Moore tells Breitbart in an exclusive telephone interview.Yet this sentiment also explains why Moore, a constituent of Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) now says she s casting her ballot for GOP frontrunner Donald Trump:  Trump is standing up to the bullies. The American people are now the weak ones being bullied,  Moore explains.  The everyday working person needs a champion  and you d never think to say that. Who would ever think a day would come when we would have to say that? But the middle class needs a champion  we need a union that will protect us  and Donald Trump is that champion. He is champion who stands up to the bullies to protect the weak, he stands up for us  he stands up. When you stand up to the bullies you have to stay strong,  Moore explained.  You re not always going to be well-liked, and it takes you a little while to be heard. Maybe you ll make mistakes, but you have to get past the media s  let me pick you apart  stage and recognize that this person is standing up to the bullies. I will be voting for Trump,  Moore said emphatically.  If we don t want to become the next third world country  to me  we need somebody whose a business man to run the country. I never realized the laws behind it,  Moore says of the nation s rampant visa policies that allowed her and her colleagues to be replaced by foreign workers.  I didn t know what I didn t know. And Trump has brought this to the forefront. This is probably happening in more than 50 percent of workplaces. As Americans, we re becoming the minority, we re becoming the underpaid workers, who have to now go find a different position. Moore, at 53 is a mother of four and grandmother of 13. She had been working for Disney just shy of ten years, when out of the blue she was called into a meeting and informed that she along with hundreds of her American colleagues were being let go and would be replaced with foreign workers, whom they would have to train. These foreign workers had been brought into the country on the controversial wage-depressing H-1B visa.In the course of the interview, Moore discussed the toll this news took on her  extended family her colleagues at Disney who could not recover from the stress of the blow. People often tell me,  You don t seem devastated enough.  I am, but I don t live my life that way,  Moore says.  I am Miss Sunshine. I m the energetic positive force.  Being devastated, Moore explains,  is just not in my nature. I bounce. But a lot of other people have not,  she says trailing off. Most people were devastated because they had worked at Disney for 30, 40 years. I fared better because I ve been a contractor my whole life. Disney was my first real job as an employee. But I had a friend who passed away after the situation. And I had another friend who was hospitalized with a heart condition. I truly believe it was from the stressful situation that we were all in. It was a family  the people I worked with  it was an extended family. And it got torn part. And not only for the people who left. People were devastated  you took a well-running machine and you just busted it up. We were afraid to come forward  we didn t want them to hoard anything against us,  Moore said of why so many of ex-Disney employees remained silent.Moore s Senator, Marco Rubio, has pushed to expand H-1B visas despite the fact that scores of his own constituents had just been displaced by the program.In 2015 Rubio introduced a bill to triple the number of H-1B visas. This bill known as the I-Squared bill  was endorsed by Disney CEO Bob Iger via his immigration lobbying firm. Disney is also one of Sen. Rubio s biggest financial boosters  having donated more than $2 million according to Open Secrets.While Rubio has pushed legislation that would help companies like Disney to bring in more even more H-1B foreign replacement, Trump has called on Disney to hire back all of its American employees. In October, Trump declared,  I am calling TODAY on Disney to hire back every one of the workers they replaced, and I am calling on Rubio to immediately rescind his sponsorship of the I-Squared bill and apologize to every Floridian for endorsing it. I am further calling on Rubio to return the money he has received from Silicon Valley CEOs and to donate the money to a charity helping unemployed Americans whose jobs Rubio has helped to destroy. While Trump has made clear that he will champion the interests of American workers,  Marco Rubio has never reached out to us,  Moore explained.  I do believe that politicians will always side with who pays them directly or indirectly,  Moore said of Rubio s financial ties to Disney.  I also believe they will say and do whatever it takes because they re not being held accountable. There s always an out for them  because that is what the American people have said politicians can do. During the exclusive interview, Moore recalled the events that led her to eventually call Sara Blackwell and begin her involvement in the lawsuit.Moore said that when Disney originally gathered the American employees together: We thought we were having a party. We did fantastic work. We were excited. We thought it was going to be a party, but then when we went down the hallways. We realized it wasn t a party but a meeting, suddenly we all knew that something good was not about to happen. It was that quick suddenly there was an ominous atmosphere Nobody they brought in was better than anybody they let go. Every one they brought in were  as we would describe  completely green, they were like interns, fresh out of nowhere [When they originally let me go], I was offered a position  it was a contract position for six months  I had a start date, I was entered in to the HR system, etc. but two days before I was supposed to come in to start, HR called and said,  You can t come in because executives are reviewing your position. Four weeks later after not hearing from them I called Sara [Blackwell, the attorney for American workers  in the lawsuit against Disney]. Moore said that she is grateful for Trump s firm position on immigration:  I m not prejudiced. I have lots of diversity in my friend group, but I don t think you can come into my country, take my resources and not only be granted to stay here  but tohave the red carpet rolled out for you by my politicians  What s bad is that because we have become this politically correct nation, if you say anything you sound like you re prejudiced. To me, Trump has done a really good job because it is so very easy to pull that  you re prejudiced  card, and that is not what this is about. It has to do with our economic resources and whether Americans get to benefit from them. I usually just vote Republican because I m a Republican,  Moore said.  I don t usually pay attention to politicians because they say whatever they need to say. I usually don t hold many politicians to what they say because they just say what people want to hear, but with a business person they don t play that political game. It makes you listen. They re used to being held accountable  they re used to having to prove themselves and perform. Via: Breitbart News",0
16754,HOW PRESIDENT EISENHOWER Solved The Illegal Immigration Problem In America,"Since this article was written in 2006, the illegal immigration crisis in America has exploded. Barack Obama, his fellow Democrats, leftist organizations (and even some Republicans beholden to corporations who desire cheap labor in America), have desperately tried to shame Americans into accepting amnesty as the only option to solve this crisis. One doesn t have to look too far to see how miserably they have failed. Americans are not interested in giving up our jobs, our national security or the future of our country so the Democrat party can have a monopoly on voters, or to make it easier for business and corporations to hire cheap labor.  It is no accident that Donald Trump experienced a meteoric rise in the polls after he boldly proclaimed he would make building a wall on our southern border a priority. The media tried to shame him, only causing him to double down, claiming he would not only build the biggest and best wall on our southern border, but he claimed that Mexico would pay for it. This article is for all of the naysayers who believe the illegal immigration crisis can t be solved. The problem can be solved. We just needed a President with a backbone, who loves his country, is willing to take bold moves to secure our nation and most of all, a President who truly believes Americans come first.Over fifty years ago, when newly elected Dwight Eisenhower moved into the White House, America s southern frontier was as porous as a spaghetti sieve. As many as 3 million illegal migrants had walked and waded northward over a period of several years for jobs in California, Arizona, Texas, and points beyond.President Eisenhower cut off this illegal traffic. He did it quickly and decisively with only 1,075 United States Border Patrol agents   less than one-tenth of today s force. The operation is still highly praised among veterans of the Border Patrol.Although there is little to no record of this operation in Ike s official papers, one piece of historic evidence indicates how he felt. In 1951, Ike wrote a letter to Sen. William Fulbright (D) of Arkansas. The senator had just proposed that a special commission be created by Congress to examine unethical conduct by government officials who accepted gifts and favors in exchange for special treatment of private individuals.General Eisenhower, who was gearing up for his run for the presidency, said  Amen  to Senator Fulbright s proposal. He then quoted a report in The New York Times, highlighting one paragraph that said:  The rise in illegal border-crossing by Mexican  wetbacks  to a current rate of more than 1,000,000 cases a year has been accompanied by a curious relaxation in ethical standards extending all the way from the farmer-exploiters of this contraband labor to the highest levels of the Federal Government. Years later, the late Herbert Brownell Jr., Eisenhower s first attorney general, said in an interview with this writer that the president had a sense of urgency about illegal immigration when he took office.America  was faced with a breakdown in law enforcement on a very large scale,  Mr. Brownell said.  When I say large scale, I mean hundreds of thousands were coming in from Mexico [every year] without restraint. Although an on-and-off guest-worker program for Mexicans was operating at the time, farmers and ranchers in the Southwest had become dependent on an additional low-cost, docile, illegal labor force of up to 3 million, mostly Mexican, laborers.According to the Handbook of Texas Online, published by the University of Texas at Austin and the Texas State Historical Association, this illegal workforce had a severe impact on the wages of ordinary working Americans.The Handbook Online reports that a study by the President s Commission on Migratory Labor in Texas in 1950 found that cotton growers in the Rio Grande Valley, where most illegal aliens in Texas worked, paid wages that were  approximately half  the farm wages paid elsewhere in the state.Profits from illegal labor led to the kind of corruption that apparently worried Eisenhower. Joseph White, a retired 21-year veteran of the Border Patrol, says that in the early 1950s, some senior US officials overseeing immigration enforcement  had friends among the ranchers,  and agents  did not dare  arrest their illegal workers.Walt Edwards, who joined the Border Patrol in 1951, tells a similar story. He says:  When we caught illegal aliens on farms and ranches, the farmer or rancher would often call and complain [to officials in El Paso]. And depending on how politically connected they were, there would be political intervention. That is how we got into this mess we are in now. Bill Chambers, who worked for a combined 33 years for the Border Patrol and the then-called US Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS), says politically powerful people are still fueling the flow of illegals.During the 1950s, however, this  Good Old Boy  system changed under Eisenhower   if only for about 10 years.In 1954, Ike appointed retired Gen. Joseph  Jumpin  Joe  Swing, a former West Point classmate and veteran of the 101st Airborne, as the new INS commissioner.Influential politicians, including Sen. Lyndon B. Johnson (D) of Texas and Sen. Pat McCarran (D) of Nevada, favored open borders, and were dead set against strong border enforcement, Brownell said. But General Swing s close connections to the president shielded him   and the Border Patrol   from meddling by powerful political and corporate interests.One of Swing s first decisive acts was to transfer certain entrenched immigration officials out of the border area to other regions of the country where their political connections with people such as Senator Johnson would have no effect.Then on June 17, 1954, what was called  Operation Wetback  began. Because political resistance was lower in California and Arizona, the roundup of aliens began there. Some 750 agents swept northward through agricultural areas with a goal of 1,000 apprehensions a day. By the end of July, over 50,000 aliens were caught in the two states. Another 488,000, fearing arrest, had fled the country.By mid-July, the crackdown extended northward into Utah, Nevada, and Idaho, and eastward to Texas.By September, 80,000 had been taken into custody in Texas, and an estimated 500,000 to 700,000 illegals had left the Lone Star State voluntarily.Unlike today, Mexicans caught in the roundup were not simply released at the border, where they could easily reenter the US. To discourage their return, Swing arranged for buses and trains to take many aliens deep within Mexico before being set free.Tens of thousands more were put aboard two hired ships, the Emancipation and the Mercurio. The ships ferried the aliens from Port Isabel, Texas, to Vera Cruz, Mexico, more than 500 miles south.The sea voyage was  a rough trip, and they did not like it,  says Don Coppock, who worked his way up from Border Patrolman in 1941 to eventually head the Border Patrol from 1960 to 1973.Mr. Coppock says he  cannot understand why [President] Bush let [today s] problem get away from him as it has. I guess it was his compassionate conservatism, and trying to please [Mexican President] Vincente Fox. There are now said to be 12 million to 20 million illegal aliens in the US. Of the Mexicans who live here, an estimated 85 percent are here illegally.Border Patrol vets offer tips on curbing illegal immigration One day in 1954, Border Patrol agent Walt Edwards picked up a newspaper in Big Spring, Texas, and saw some startling news. The government was launching an all-out drive to oust illegal aliens from the United States.The orders came straight from the top, where the new president, Dwight Eisenhower, had put a former West Point classmate, Gen. Joseph Swing, in charge of immigration enforcement.General Swing s fast-moving campaign soon secured America s borders   an accomplishment no other president has since equaled. Illegal migration had dropped 95 percent by the late 1950s.Several retired Border Patrol agents who took part in the 1950s effort, including Mr. Edwards, say much of what Swing did could be repeated today. Some say we cannot send 12 million illegals now in the United States back where they came from. Of course we can!  Edwards says.Donald Coppock, who headed the Patrol from 1960 to 1973, says that if Swing and Ike were still running immigration enforcement,  they d be on top of this in a minute. William Chambers, another  50s veteran, agrees.  They could do a pretty good job  sealing the border.Edwards says:  When we start enforcing the law, these various businesses are, on their own, going to replace their [illegal] workforce with a legal workforce. While Congress debates building a fence on the border, these veterans say other actions should have higher priority.1. End the current practice of taking captured Mexican aliens to the border and releasing them. Instead, deport them deep into Mexico, where return to the US would be more costly.2. Crack down hard on employers who hire illegals. Without jobs, the aliens won t come.3. End  catch and release  for non-Mexican aliens. It is common for illegal migrants not from Mexico to be set free after their arrest if they promise to appear later before a judge. Few show up.The Patrol veterans say enforcement could also be aided by a legalized guest- worker program that permits Mexicans to register in their country for temporary jobs in the US. Eisenhower s team ran such a program. It permitted up to 400,000 Mexicans a year to enter the US for various agriculture jobs that lasted for 12 to 52 weeks. Via: CS Monitor",0
16755,BLACK LIVES MATTER ORGANIZER Refuses To Meet With Obama And Race Hustlers…Calls Meeting At White House: “Sham…Photo-Op…Sound Bite For Obama”,"Pure gold The ultimate Race-Baiter-In-Chief, just got called out for the phony that he is. While we re on the topic of Obama pretending to care about the black community, let s talk about how black unemployment has skyrocketed under this fraud Race hustlers Civil rights activists met at the White House on Thursday with President Barack Obama, though a leader from Black Lives Matter, who was listed as an expected attendee, blasted the White House for organizing a photo-op without addressing real problems for minority communities. I could not, with any integrity, participate in such a sham that would only serve to legitimize the false narrative that the government is working to end police brutality and the institutional racism that fuels it,  wrote Aislinn Pulley, a leader of Black Lives Matter Chicago who the White House said on Wednesday would be at the meeting.Other attendees included Deshaunya Ware, a student leader of the University of Missouri protest group Concerned Student 1950; Al Sharpton, president of the National Action Network; NAACP President Cornell Brooks; and National Urban League leader Marc Morial.In an op-ed on Truthout, Pulley said she  respectfully declined  the White House s invitation to attend the panel, which was organized as part of the administration s marking of Black History Month. I was under the impression that a meeting was being organized to facilitate a genuine exchange on the matters facing millions of Black and Brown people in the United States. Instead, what was arranged was basically a photo opportunity and a 90-second sound bite for the president,  Pulley wrote.Obama didn t address the absence when he spoke to reporters after the meeting, instead saying he was  encouraged by the degree of focus and seriousness and constructiveness that exists not only with existing civil rights organizations but with this new generation. They are some serious young people. I told them they are much better organizers than I was when I was their age. I am confident they will take America to new heights,  he said.Later Thursday, a senior administration official said Obama, Attorney General Loretta Lynch and members of the Obama administration had a  productive dialogue with civil rights leaders about a range of important issues like the criminal justice system, education, the economy and building trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve. We will continue to engage with the many organizations and individuals who chose to participate in this meeting in ongoing discussions about how to strengthen our communities and move our country forward,  the official said.Speaking in the White House driveway after meeting with Obama, Sharpton said the group discussed the ongoing fight over naming a replacement for the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. He said any GOP-led effort in the Senate to scuttle a presidential Supreme Court nominee would reflect a  civil rights violation. To act as if the President is anything less than the President of the United States until January 20, 2017. He cannot be minimized, marginalized or disregarded without doing the same to the American people,  Sharpton said.Obama has defended the groups that sprung from high-profile incidents of police killings of unarmed black men. He said in October those communities  grievances must be taken seriously, and pushed back on the notion that organizations like Black Lives Matter are anti-police. I think everybody understands all lives matter. I think the reason that the organizers used the phrase  Black Lives Matter  was not because they were suggesting nobody else s lives matter,  Obama said at an event in October. Rather, what they were suggesting was there is a specific problem that s happening in the African-American community that s not happening in other communities   and that is a legitimate issue that we ve got to address,  he said. Via: CNN",0
16756,HERE IT IS: List Of Democrat Hypocrites Who Voted To Filibuster GW Bush’s Final Supreme Court Pick,"If you look closely, you might find a few familiar hypocrites who were calling for the nomination of a new Supreme Court Justice before Scalia s body was removed from the hotel where he died h/t Weasel Zippers",0
16757,POPE SHAMES AMERICANS From Mexico For Anti-Immigrant Sentiment…Doesn’t Mention $BILLIONS Taxpayers Give Faith Based Charities To Bring MUSLIM Immigrants To U.S.,"Pope Francis has joined Democrat legislators, along with a handful of RINO s and local mayors to work hand-in-hand with Obama to push immigration from Mexico and South America to the US.  Every player in this scheme has their own agenda. Of course, Obama has only one desire, and that is to fundamentally transform America. Democrat legislators are working to secure a dependent voting base. The RINO s (Republicans In Name Only) are beholden to large corporations, whose only goal is to secure cheap labor. Finally, local mayors want the federal funding that comes with placement of each immigrant in their communities. Besides the obvious charitable aspect, what s in it for Pope Francis? What s in it for the Catholic church? Many Catholics (myself included) are wondering why we pass the collection basket more than once several times throughout the year to help subsidize churches, schools and orphanages in Mexico and South America if the ultimate goal is to bring them here? Make no mistake, Pope Francis is interjecting himself into the 2016 Presidential election by walking with illegal aliens on the Mexican side of the border who want to get into the US.This is a direct assault by the Catholic Church on Donald Trump and any other Republicans (including the Governor of Texas) who say they want to close the US border with Mexico.Yesterday, in Ciudad Juarez, one of the most violent cities in the Western Hemisphere thanks to the drug cartels, the pope walked up a ramp covered in flowers toward a cross  erected  in memory of migrants who have perished trying to reach the United States just a stone s throw away,  according to Reuters.The pope then blessed three more small crosses, at which  shoes of migrants who died  were laid.  We cannot deny the humanitarian crisis,  Pope Francis intoned.  Each step, a journey laden with grave injustices: the enslaved, the imprisoned and extorted; so many of these brothers and sisters of ours are the consequence of trafficking in human beings Injustice is radicalized in the young; they are  cannon fodder,  persecuted and threatened when they try to flee the spiral of violence and the hell of drugs. Then there are the many women unjustly robbed of their lives. He concluded,  Let us together ask our God for the gift of conversion, the gift of tears, let us ask him to give us open hearts like the Ninevites, open to his call heard in the suffering faces of countless men and women. No more death! No more exploitation! They are not refugees! People escaping poverty or crime are not legally refugees, but the Pope and the NO Borders Left are purposefully confusing the terminology. They want all migrants-on-the-move to be called REFUGEES who are then entitled to protection and welfare. Why stop at the Mexican border? What about the Iraqi Christian population that s been almost completely wiped out? Why is the Pope standing on the Mexican border demanding we open the flood gates in the name of charity, while tens of thousands of Christians are being slaughtered in the Middle East?Where is the outcry from the Pope as the Catholic Charities/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops (CC/USCCB) are being paid BILLIONS to  bring mostly MUSLIM immigrants, who are being vetted by the corrupt UN to the US from the Middle East, and strategically seeding them across the United States? The following map provided by the Office of Refugee Resettlement identifies where the primary nine VOLAGs operate within America and where their affiliate sites are located:Here is the list of Charities who work with the US Department s Refugee Resettlement Program:  CWS   Church World Service  ECDC   Ethiopian Community Development Council  HIAS   Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society  IRC   International Rescue Committee  LIRS   Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Services  CC/USCCB   Catholic Charities/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops  USCRI   U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants  EMM   Episcopal Migration Ministries WRI World Relief Inc.Additionally, there are 350 subcontractors in 190 cities affiliated with the nine main refugee VOLAGs and the chart below lists the amount of money awarded by the federal government to these contractors since 2008.As you can see the amount of money that has been awarded to these non-governmental organizations is enormous with the total since 2008 amounting to over $4 billion.Simpson notes that  because they are non-governmental organizations (NGOs), they can and do lobby for advantageous changes to law and build allies in Congress and the bureaucracy, all fertilized by an open spigot of taxpayer dollars. From this point, as an American, you should be absolutely stunned at what is going on behind the scenes without your knowledge nor your input in regards to the fact that your taxpayer money along with your elected officials are undermining your security by allowing these organizations operate without any oversight. The push by fourteen Senate democrats for 65,000 refugees along with the eighty-four mayors is only the beginning though, as seventy-two House democrats have also joined this coalition.In letter on September 11, 2015, initiated by Rep. David Cicilline (D-RI.) and signed by seventy-one democrats, they urge Obama to resettle over three times the 65,000 refugees initially pushed for by the Senate democrats back in May. The House democrats cite Refugee Council USA, just as the fourteen Senators did, and  recommend that the United States resettle a minimum of 200,000 refugees by the end of 2016, including 100,000 Syrian refugees.  Neglecting the fact that the FBI has stated that they have no way of properly vetting the 2,500 Syrian refugees that we ve already accepted, it further goes to show how little these Senators, Representatives, Mayors, and VOLAGs care about the repercussions of admitting 100,000 into our country.In her book, Refugee Resettlement and the Hijra to America, Ann Corcoran explains that  Refugee resettlement has become a major money-maker for what can only be described as the  Religious Left,  whose goal is to change the demographic make-up of the 180-plus cities and towns in which they presently work.  Corcorans  statement perfectly describes exactly what is happening as push for more and more refugees comes solely from the Left. Whether it be Mayors, Senators, or Representatives in the House, they re all seeking to change the demographic make-up of the United States by forcing the taxpayers to subsidize their own destruction.WATCH ANN CORCORAN S POWERFUL VIDEO explaining how the faith-based charities are working with the US State Department to flood our nation with MULSIM refugees HERE:There is plenty of blame to go around when it comes to the willful  destruction of the greatest and most generous nation on earth. Ann Corcoran of the Refugee Resettlement Watch has generously provided us with the list of democratic Senators, Mayors and Representatives who make up the coalition which has urged for the destruction of our country via the acceptance of hundreds of thousands of refugees. If your elected official is on this list, Ann highly suggests you contact them and moreover do what you can to make sure they are never elected into office again.Link to the Senate letter signed by 14 democrats on May 21, 2015 can be found here.Link to the House letter signed by 72 democrats on September 11, 2015 can be found here.Link to the list of 84 Mayors who are members of the Cities United For Immigration Action can be found here. ",0
16758,WHY WOULD OBAMA ALLOW GREEN BERET To Be Discharged For Saving Life Of Young Boy Kept As Sex Slave By Muslim Afghan Police Chief?,"It s hard to read stories like this without wondering how a Commander in Chief can so easily desert those who sacrifice all for our nation, in favor of looking the other way when it comes to twisted Islamic traditions . De Oppresso Liber  (To Liberate the Oppressed) ~~Motto of the U.S. Army Special ForcesA poignant Afghan proverb declares,  Cowards cause harm to brave men. This ancient Pashtun adage reflects the shocking story of U.S. Special Forces Sgt. Charles Martland; Martland is the brave man, a soldier who saved the life of an Afghan boy who was abducted, held, and abused as a sex slave by an Afghan police chief, Abdul Rahman, the vicious, powerful, and arrogant coward. The incomprehensible harm to Martland resides in the inexplicable action taken by the U.S. Army. The Army disciplined Martland, relieved him from his duty post in Afghanistan, and is now seeking to involuntarily discharge him from military service.What was the dreadful and dischargeable infraction by the highly decorated Green Beret Charles Martland? Quinn was relieved of his Special Forces command after a fight with a U.S.-backed militia leader who had a boy as a sex slave chained to his bed. Credit Kirsten Luce For NYTIn 2011, Martland and his Special Forces Captain Dan Quinn (who has since resigned from the military) physically assaulted Abdul Rahman, after learning that Rahman had abducted a boy, chained him to a bed, repeatedly abused him as a sex slave and beat up the boy s mother when she sought to find and rescue her son. The Green Berets intervened when they discovered that the boy was being raped and held as a sex slave. According to the Martland and Quinn, the Afghan villagers were pleading with them to do something about repeated sexual assaults against children by the Afghan police.Here is the dirty, not so little secret of Afghanistan: The sexual abuse of children is widespread and embedded into the Afghan Pashtun culture. There is scant prosecution of child sex exploitation in Afghanistan. American military have long been saddled with the knowledge of the Afghan practice of  bacha bazi,  translated as dancing boys. Bacha Bazi is the ancient and widespread practice of Afghan men who abduct and lure poor boys into the grisly world of child sex slavery where they are raped and exploited by Afghan men. Frontline exposed this lurid child sex trafficking trade.U.S. Military stationed in Afghanistan experience the hideous reality that children are expendable in the feckless Afghan criminal justice system. Cultural mores trump human rights among the tribesman of Afghanistan.This wasn t the first time that Martland and Quinn experienced inaction from the Afghan government for serious child sexual exploitation crimes committed by the Afghan police force. Martland and Quinn knew that two Afghan commanders were not prosecuted nor punished for the rape of a 15 year old girl and the honor killing of an Afghan commander s 12 year old daughter who kissed a boy. Martland who was fed up with the ongoing sexual exploitation of children by Afghan officials said,  I felt that morally we could no longer stand by and allow our Afghan Commanders to commit these atrocities. Since when is a highly decorated Green Beret who confronts a violent child sex predator and trafficker and woman beater, punished and involuntarily discharge from the military?What happened to the greatest military and force for moral good on the face of the planet? Isn t Martland carrying out the very anti human trafficking policies promulgated by the Obama Administration?Obama s administration, including his Pentagon, endlessly promotes and spends millions on sexual assault and human trafficking programs, policies and media messaging. The very human rights violations perpetrated upon innocent Afghan children are the ones which this Administration is demanding action to enforce zero tolerance:1.U.S. Department of Defense Policy Against Human Trafficking. In the press release praising the ongoing military awareness training of human trafficking, the Army media alert highlights the annual training and progress for DoD s military as  driving home the department s  zero tolerance  for slavery and human trafficking. Apparently, that DoD zero tolerance policy doesn t apply to Captain Quinn and Sgt. Martland. Is it simply awareness, but no action to stop human trafficking and sex slavery? Zero tolerance means stopping the cultural and systemic abduction and sex slavery of young Afghan boys. Is the DoD training report mere lip service and media hype to convince Americans that the U.S. military fights human trafficking and sex slavery?The DoD press release ends with the ironic caveat that  military leadership also plays a critical awareness role in preventing such crimes.  Sgt. Martland and Captain Dan Quinn are military leaders who  prevented  further human trafficking crimes and are now paying for it with their military careers. Via: Yore Children",0
16759,OBAMA PUBLICLY BULLIES GOP Over Justice Scalia Replacement…These Senate Republicans Are Starting To Cave,"We ve made it very easy for you to pick up the phone, or go to their Facebook pages to let these Senators hear your voice.  Obama will undoubtedly choose a radical to replace one of the most conservative voices on the US Supreme Court. This would be the final nail in America s coffin, as  Obama s fundamental transformation of America would be complete. This nomination is every bit as serious as the person we nominate for President of the United States. When you have a court loaded with justices who have no regard for our US Constitution and choose to instead, legislate from the bench, our freedoms will no longer be protected and our nation will be doomed WATCH OBAMA PUBLICLY BULLY and attempt to embarrass anyone who stands in his way: https://youtu.be/1ITQXYyNo1wPresident Obama called on Senate Republicans Tuesday to give his eventual Supreme Court nominee a fair hearing in his bid to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia, as cracks emerged in the Republican leadership s position of automatically blocking any nominee. I expect them to hold hearings. I expect them to hold a vote,  Mr. Obama said at a press conference.  There s no unwritten law that says it can only be done on off years. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Kentucky Republican, and others including presidential candidates Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas and Marco Rubio of Florida have vowed to block any Obama nominee, saying the next president should select Justice Scalia s replacement.Mr. Obama blasted that rationale. This is the Supreme Court, the highest court in the land,  the president said.  It s the one court where we would expect elected officials to rise above day-to-day politics. I understand the stakes. I understand the pressure that Republican senators are undoubtedly under. This would be a deciding vote. But that s not how the system is supposed to work. Even before Mr. Obama stated his case, there were signs that Republican unity was wavering on the notion of blocking any nominee out of hand.Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, Iowa Republican [Phone: (202) 224   3744], didn t rule out confirmation hearings and a vote by his panel on an Obama selection.You can voice your opinion on Senator Chuck Grassley s Facebook page by clicking HERE. I would wait until the nominee is made before I would make any decision,  Mr. Grassley said Tuesday in a conference call with Iowa radio reporters.  In other words, take it a step at a time. Asked whether he thought the controversy over filling the court vacancy might endanger his re-election chances this fall, Mr. Grassley said,  I think I have a responsibility to perform, and I can t worry about the election. I ve got to do my job as a senator, whatever it is. And there will be a lot of tough votes between now and the next election. His comments appeared to be a softening from a statement shortly after Justice Scalia s death, when Mr. Grassley said it was  standard practice  not to nominate or confirm candidates for the Supreme Court in an election year. It only makes sense that we defer to the American people who will elect a new president to select the next Supreme Court Justice,  Mr. Grassley said in a statement Saturday.Sen. Thom Tillis, North Carolina Republican [Phone: (202) 224-6342] , voiced caution about blocking any Obama nominee automatically.You can voice your opinion on Senator Thom Tillis  Facebook page by clicking HERE. I think we fall into the trap if [we] just simply say, sight unseen, we fall into the trap of being obstructionists,  Mr. Tillis said on Tyler Cralle s radio show.But Mr. Tillis added of the president,  If he puts forth someone that we think is in the mold of President Obama s vision for America, then we ll use every device available to block that nomination. A top aide to Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, Nevada Democrat, responding to Mr. Tillis  comments, predicted that Mr. McConnell will eventually retreat from his stance of blocking any Obama nominee without a hearing. Via: Washington Times",0
16760,"QUESTION: Since Paris Terror Attacks, How Muslim Refugees Have Arrived In U.S.? How Many Are Christians? [VIDEO]","The answer to this question should shock every American The government has admitted 605 Syrian refugees for resettlement in the United States since last November s Paris terrorist attack, two of whom are Christians.The rest are 589 Sunni Muslims, 10 Shia Muslims, three other Muslims, and one refugee identified in State Department Refugee Processing Center data as  other religion. At the same time, the proportion of Christians among the total cohort of Syrian refugees admitted into the U.S. since the conflict began five years ago has now dropped below two percent.Just 55 Christians (1.9 percent) are among the 2,769 Syrian refugees admitted since March 2011, while a large majority   2,594 (93.6 percent)   has been Sunni Muslims.Christians accounted for about 10 percent of Syria s population when the civil war began and Sunni Muslims for an estimated 74 percent.The administration has rejected calls by some Republican lawmakers, and some GOP presidential candidates, for Syrian Christians to be prioritized in the refugee admission process.Here s the truth about how these Muslim  refugees  who are coming from countries who hate are finding their way  to the United States:The ISIS terrorist attack in Paris on November 13 fueled concerns that the terrorist group was exploiting the flow of refugees and migrants as cover to send jihadists into the West to carry out attacks.French authorities said two of the attackers had been carrying fake Syrian passports and warned European Union partners that  some terrorists are trying to get into our countries and commit criminal acts by mixing in with the flow of migrants and refugees. Last Tuesday, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper affirmed during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing that ISIS has done so. Isn t it already proven that Mr. Baghdadi is sending people with this flow of refugees that are terrorists that   in order to inflict further attacks on Europe and the United States?  Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) asked him, referring to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. That s correct,  Clapper replied.  That s one technique they ve used is taking advantage of the torrent of migrants to insert operatives into that flow. In addition, he continued, ISIS has become  pretty skilled at [producing] phony passports, so they can travel ostensibly as legitimate travelers as well. In December, House Homeland Security Committee chairman Rep. Michael McCaul (R-Texas) said the U.S. intelligence community  has identified already individuals tied to terrorist organizations in Syria that want to exploit and get into the United States through the refugee process.  Via: CNS News",0
16761,DISTURBING TRUTH ABOUT How The UN Decides Which Muslim “REFUGEES” Will Be Your New Neighbor [VIDEO],"Every American should know the corrupt UN has been, and will continue to be, the one organization who decides which Muslim  refugees  will be flooding your hometown Who picks the Syrian refugees that resettle in the U.S.? Homeland Security? No, the United Nations, in concert with a global Islamist group. And they re sending  more than 15,000,  not the widely reported 10,000.In fact, Washington has no role in selecting the thousands of Syrian refugees coming to your hometown. The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees is really behind the effort, and he s referred an additional 5,000-plus Syrian nationals here.A new State Department report reveals that the U.S. already has accepted at least 15,000 Syrian refugee referrals from the UNHCR. The United States is one of 28 countries that have agreed to accept referrals from UNHCR as part of its ambitious international effort to secure permanent or temporary resettlement for 130,000 Syrian refugees by the end of 2016,  the State Department said in  Proposed Refugee Admissions for Fiscal Year 2016. As of mid-2015, UNHCR has referred more than 15,000 Syrian refugees to the United States,  the 71-page report adds.  And these individuals are being screened to determine whether they are eligible. Of course, that security screening is a joke, as the FBI director and his top counterterrorism aide, as well as the Homeland Security and National Intelligence chiefs, have all testified.State notes in its report that security checks include  biographic name checks for all refugee applicants and biometric (fingerprint) checks for refugee applicants.  Only Syria is a failed state, and there are no fingerprint databases to check applicants against.The Islamic State has publicly vowed to use the refugee program to invade Europe and America, and allegedly has already infiltrated some 4,000  warriors  among the flood of Syrian refugees.The Obama administration insists that it will catch any terrorist infiltrators through its interviewing process.But, the State Department report said,  In some countries, such as Syria, Yemen and Eritrea, Department of Homeland Security adjudicators have been unable to travel to interview applicants for several years. That s not all. The UNHCR is working  hand in hand  with an international Islamist group of 57 Muslim nations   the Organization of Islamic Cooperation   whose founding charter seeks to propagate  legitimate jihad  and  the norms of Islamic Shari ah.  Saudi-based OIC, in fact, is tied to the radical Muslim Brotherhood. We are delighted to work   with the OIC,  said U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres.So it s really the U.N. and radical Islamists who are choosing your new Muslim neighbors.While the U.N. calls its project  refugee resettlement,  the Islamists call it  hijra,  or immigration jihad. Via: IBD",0
16762,SCALIA FOUND DEAD With ‘Pillow Over Head’ By Millionaire Democrat Donor…No Autopsy…Possible Ways Scalia Could Have Been Killed,"Justice Scalia appeared to be in good health prior to his vacation at the Cibolo Creek Ranch in Texas owned by Texas millionaire businessman and Democrat donor John Poindexter. Many believe the timing of his death is too coincidental. After reading the details provided and sourced below, share your thoughts with us in the comment section below.It has been long-standing policy for the Obama administration to grant presidential awards to those who are among the president s most prized political donors.It was Poindexter who reportedly was among those who initially discovered the Justice s body, and who then coordinated with local officials to have Justice Scalia declared dead via a phone conversation with the area medical examiner   but without an actual medical examination of the body.Mr. Poindexter was also said to be the primary point man between the ranch location and federal authorities who were notably slow to arrive on scene.If Elizabeth Price Foley at Instapundit is correct,  Barack Obama could indeed make a recess appointment to replace Justice Scalia on the Supreme Court thanks to a Recess Appointments Clause.Under S. Con. Res. 31, the only way to recall the Senate back into business before February 22 is with the  concurrence [of] the Minority Leader of the Senate,  Harry Reid (D-NV). Somehow I doubt Sen. Reid will grant such concurrence to reconvene, should President Obama decide to use this 10-day recess to make a recess appointment and replace Justice Scalia. But should President Obama try use this particular 10-day recess to replace Justice Scalia, the replacement would only be constitutionally permitted to serve until the end of the next session  i.e., until the end of the 1st session of the 115th Congress, which would be sometime in early January 2018. Via: InstapunditSo, in other words the timing of the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia couldn t have been better In the cloistered chambers of the Supreme Court, Justice Antonin Scalia s days were highly regulated and predictable. He met with clerks, wrote opinions and appeared for arguments in the august courtroom on a schedule set months in advance.Yet as details of Scalia s sudden death trickled in Sunday, it appeared that the hours afterward were anything but orderly. The man known for his elegant legal opinions and profound intellect was found dead in his room at a hunting resort by the resort s owner, who grew worried when Scalia didn t appear at breakfast Saturday morning.It then took hours for authorities in remote West Texas to find a justice of the peace, officials said Sunday. When they did, Presidio County Judge Cinderela Guevara pronounced Scalia dead of natural causes without seeing the body   which is permissible under Texas law   and without ordering an autopsy.As official Washington tried to process what his demise means for politics and the law, some details of Scalia s final hours remained opaque. As late as Sunday afternoon, for example, there were conflicting reports about whether an autopsy should have been performed. A manager at the El Paso funeral home where Scalia s body was taken said that his family made it clear they did not want one.One of two other officials who were called but couldn t get to Scalia s body in time said that she would have made a different decision on the autopsy. If it had been me . . . I would want to know,  Juanita Bishop, a justice of the peace in Presidio, Tex., said in an interview Sunday of the chaotic hours after Scalia s death at the Cibolo Creek Ranch, a luxury compound less than an hour from the Mexican border and about 40 miles south of Marfa.Meanwhile, Guevara acknowledged that she pronounced Scalia dead by phone, without seeing his body. Instead, she spoke to law enforcement officials at the scene   who assured her  there were no signs of foul play    and Scalia s physician in Washington, who said that the 79-year-old justice suffered from a host of chronic conditions. He was having health issues,  Guevara said, adding that she is awaiting a statement from Scalia s doctor that will be added to his death certificate when it is issued later this week.Guevara also rebutted a report by a Dallas TV station that quoted her as saying that Scalia had died of  myocardial infarction.  In an interview with The Washington Post, she said she meant only that his heart had stopped. It wasn t a heart attack,  Guevara said.  He died of natural causes.  Via: Washington PostThe absence of an autopsy will stoke the fires of conspiracy, but they may be doused later this week when a statement from Scalia s doctor will be added to his death certificate. The 79-year-old jurist suffered from several chronic conditions, The Washington Post reported.Also intriguing to theorists: The U.S. Marshal said that Scalia had declined any security at the ranch. This opens up a host of possible, if extremely long-shot, murder scenarios where an interloper arrives at the ranch and escapes unseen.Scalia was not a young man. He was 79 years old and friends at the West Texas ranch where he died say he went to bed early because he didn t feel well. There are many natural causes of death that could be responsible. A heart attack seems to be the most probable cause, and local media are reporting that his death certificate will read  myocardial infarction.  Other media reports say the cause will be deemed natural. Either way, no official is suggesting homicide.Let s not let that stop us from conjecture. Besides, there are also a few man-made ways to kill him that would fit the very thin facts   some of which would be hard to prove even if examiners conducted an autopsy.Many conspiracy-minded people are pointing to a small detail to throw some suspicion over Scalia s death: a pillow found over his head. So could someone have entered his room and used that pillow to asphyxiate him? This method only really works with really old or young people, or those already unconscious. There are usually telltale signs of these murders   not only will most victims struggle, leaving signs of the fight behind, but the suffocation takes up to 5 minutes and the body shows this with hemorrhages under the skin. But there s a catch: Sometimes the suffocation triggers a heart attack, leaving the corpse without many of the signs of a homicide.Even a close examination can miss this cause of death.  Homicidal smothering is extremely difficult to detect,  reads one book on forensic pathology written by Dinesh Rao.  The autopsy may reveal asphyxia, but there may not be any corroborative medical evidence to prove foul play. Assassination by poison is an ancient art form. It s also a good way to kill people without getting caught. Let s say you re the professional killer hired by   oh, let s just go the whole way and blame this on the White House. They might ask how you plan on doing this. Well,  the killer would respond,  I m a trained nurse and I m a big fan of this muscle relaxant called succinylcholine. It s the stuff we inject into patients when we want to jam breathing tubes down their throats while they re still awake. But get this: In high enough doses, it paralyses people so they can t breath. Most autopsies show this as a heart attack. It s brilliant.  The White House aide smiles.  Then let s take out that SOB. Sound far-fetched? Well, sure. But a similar scheme killed Nevada State Controller Kathy Augustine when her husband injected her with succinylcholine. The hubby was nabbed when coworkers reported that he was pondering ways to kill her, and looked more closely at her body. They found a small needle mark.The drug doesn t leave any direct traces, but it breaks down and leave metabolites behind that can indicate a poisoning. But the medical examiner has to be looking for those signs to catch them during an autopsy.The paranoid can also ponder whether Scalia could have been killed with a gas. One easy choice would be to use carbon monoxide poisoning, undetectable by smell or color. There have been cases where a murderer has run a hose from the tailpipe of a car into a room where the victim is sleeping. (A doctor in Ohio named Mark Wangler did this in 2006 and got caught, mostly because his claim that the victim had a seizure was proven false. Prosecutors showed that she was dead when the call was made.) All a hired killer would need is a commercially available canister of carbon monoxide and a hose.There s a catch, though. There are usually telltale signs when a person is killed by CO. There may be froth at the mouth and nose. (The kind of evidence absorbed by a pillow perhaps?) The skin and internal organs can become bright red, almost like a stain. It s unlikely that such clues would be ignored by an M.E.Since Scalia s family has declined an autopsy, America will likely never know the truth In 2006, Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg  acknowledged a specific death threat against her and her retired colleague Sandra Day O Connor, blaming lawmakers for fueling  the irrational fringe. She said the court s marshal, Pamela Talkin, alerted her and O Connor to a February 28, 2005, Internet chat posting by an unidentified person to his fellow  commandoes  urging a  patriotic assignment. According to Ginsburg, the Web author criticized the justices  prior reference of international laws, saying,  This is a huge threat to our Republic and Constitutional freedom.   If you are what you say you are, and NOT armchair patriots, then those two justices will not live another week. The threat came amid growing concern in the judicial community over the personal safety of judges and court personnel. A federal judge s husband was murdered in Illinois in 2005, by an angry litigant. Less than two weeks later, a shooting spree in Georgia left a judge, a court reporter and a deputy dead in a county courtroom.Deadly anthrax spores were mailed to the Supreme Court s building in 2001, prompting the building to be evacuated for several weeks.",0
16763,JUDGE WHO COULD REPLACE SCALIA Has No Track Record On Social Issues EXCEPT This Big Ruling,"Judge Sri Srinivasan is a possible pick for Obama to replace Justice Scalia on the Supreme Court. We only know one particular case where he paved the way for gay marriage. Social issues like abortion and gay marriage are BIG sticking points for conservatives. Could a judge who has no track record on social issues be appointed by Obama? This would be a smart move on Obama s part because there would be no ammunition for declining this nominee. One possible contender to replace Justice Antonin Scalia on the U.S. Supreme Court is an Indian-American appeals court judge, Sri Srinivasan, who has pro-business credentials and a stellar resume.If he was nominated his background may make it more politically challenging for Republicans as they plan to block anyone put forward by President Barack Obama.Srinivasan, 48, has served on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit since he was confirmed on a 97-0 bipartisan vote in the U.S. Senate in May 2013. Republican senators who supported him then would likely be asked to justify why they couldn t back him for the Supreme Court.Many names are likely under consideration and the White House has not tipped its hand, but recent Supreme Court appointments have tended to be appeals court judges and the appeals court in Washington on which Srinivasan serves has often been a springboard to the high court. Scalia himself served on the court, as did other Supreme Court members Chief Justice John Roberts, Justice Clarence Thomas and Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.The White House said on Sunday that Obama will wait until the U.S. Senate is back in session before making a nomination. The Senate returns from recess on Feb. 22.Republicans have called for Scalia s seat to remain open so that the next president, who would take office in January 2017, can nominate a replacement. Other judges Obama could consider appointing include Paul Watford, a black man who serves on the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, and Jacqueline Nguyen, a Vietnamese-American woman who serves on the same court as Watford.Little is known about Srinivasan s views on divisive social issues like abortion and affirmative action. But as a senior Justice Department lawyer in 2013, he was part of the legal team that successfully urged the high court to strike down the Defense of Marriage Act, a law that restricted the definition of marriage to heterosexual couples for the purposes of federal benefits. The ruling helped pave the way for the court s ruling in June 2015 that legalized gay marriage nationwide.Via: Reuters",0
16764,ALERT: FLOOD OF CUBANS Breeze Across Texas Border As Tensions Rise,"STOP the invasion of Cubans! The invasion of Central Americans continues but now we have the addition of Cubans. We cannot afford to support these people! IT S A FREE FOR ALL:They walk out to a Laredo street and are greeted by volunteers from Cubanos en Libertad, or Cubans in Freedom, a nonprofit. The volunteers help them arrange travel to their U.S. destination   often Miami   and start applying for work permits and such federal benefits as food stamps and Medicaid, available by law to Cubans immediately after their arrival. Cuban immigrants are crossing from Mexico into Texas by the hundreds each day. Some in Laredo question why Cubans get special treatment denied to Mexican and Central American migrants.LAREDO   A fast-rising influx of Cubans are crossing the border into Texas by the hundreds each day, approved to enter the United States in a matter of hours.They walk out to a Laredo street and are greeted by volunteers from Cubanos en Libertad, or Cubans in Freedom, a nonprofit. The volunteers help them arrange travel to their U.S. destination   often Miami   and start applying for work permits and such federal benefits as food stamps and Medicaid, available by law to Cubans immediately after their arrival. Right now I feel like the freest Cuban in the whole world,  said Rodny N poles, 39, a coach of the Cuban national women s water polo team who crossed into Laredo this week.Cubans wait on the steps of Cubanos en Libertad for family members to pass through the port of entry in Laredo on Tuesday. More Cubans are entering the U.S. through Texas under a law passed in 1966, fueling tensions at the border, where comparable Mexican and Central American immigrants are detained and sent to immigration court. (Ilana Panich-Linsman/The New York Times) The friendly reception given the Cubans, an artifact of hostile relations with the Castro government, is a stark contrast with the treatment of Central American families fleeing violence in their countries. And it is creating tensions in this predominantly Mexican-American city, where residents saw how Central American migrants, who came in an influx in 2014, were detained by the Border Patrol and ordered to appear in immigration courts. The people here are starting to feel resentment,  said U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar, D-Laredo.  They are asking, is it fair that the Cubans get to stay and the Central Americans are being deported? Town officials have warned Cubans not to loiter in the streets. Local bus companies complain that Cubans are chartering special vans to travel. A group of veterans from Afghanistan and Iraq held two protests by the border bridge in recent weeks, saying the federal government was spending money on Cubans when it was not meeting the needs of people here. We make everyone from Central America wait in line, while the Cubans walk in even though they are not refugees,  said Gabriel Lopez, a Mexican-American Navy veteran who is president of the group of veterans.  We are saying, don t open the borders to Cubans and give them instant benefits while we have American veterans living on the streets. In coming weeks the number of Cubans is expected to spike, as more than 5,000 who have been stalled in Costa Rica since late last year will leave there on regular plane flights agreed to by governments in Central America and Mexico. Already about 12,100 Cubans entered through Laredo and other Texas border stations in the last three months of 2015, according to official figures. Border officials say as many as 48,000 Cubans could cross here this year, more than all those who came in the last two years combined.Milton Borges Gonzalez, a Cuban currently living in Houston, greets his pregnant wife, Lisbeth Torres, who is holding a Cuban passport, after waiting for her all day for her to get through the port of entry in Laredo on Tuesday. More Cubans are entering the country under a 1966 law that is an artifact of hostile relations with the Castro government. It is creating a disparity at the border where Central Americans are detained and sent to immigration court.Under the Cuban Adjustment Act, a law Congress passed in 1966, any Cuban who sets foot on U.S. soil is given permission to enter. Cubans are also eligible for federal welfare benefits, including financial assistance for nine months under separate polices from the 1980s. After a year, they can apply for permanent residency, a gateway to citizenship.READ MORE: THE STATESMAN",0
16765,HOW OBAMA Could Temporarily Fill The Vacancy Left By Justice Scalia With A RADICAL LEFTIST Judge,"There is no other President in the history of the United States who has mastered the art of going around Congress to achieve his radical goals, better than Barack Hussein Obama. In normal times, this scenario would not be of concern to every day Americans. We are not however, living in  normal times.  We are living in time where our President has actually stated that his goal is to fundamentally transform the United States of America Pray for our nation.The Senate is currently in recess until February 22. The recess began on Friday. Whether this opens an opportunity for a recess appointment depends upon how Senate leaders interpret an adjournment resolution approved last Friday. That will determine whether it will meet for brief activity during the recess, which could close that opportunity.Here s the scenario in which President Obama may be able to appoint a temporary Supreme Court Justice: The Constitution not only assigns to the president the task of making nominations to the Supreme Court, setting off Senate review that may or may not result in approval, but it also gives the Chief Executive the opportunity to fill a vacancy on the Court temporarily, bypassing the Senate initially, if a nominee languishes in the Senate without final action.Within a few hours after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia, it became abundantly clear that, first, President Obama will choose a possible successor and try to get the Senate to go along, and, second, the GOP leadership of the Senate say they will try to block any such nominee from final approval.If that does result in an impasse, President Obama may ponder the possibility of putting on the Court a new Justice of his choosing, to serve temporarily. The problem, though, is that less than two years ago, the Supreme Court severely narrowed the flexibility of such temporary appointment power, and strengthened the Senate s capacity to frustrate such a presidential maneuver.It is true that one of the Justices regarded as a giant on the Court s history, William J. Brennan, Jr., actually began his lengthy career with just such a short-term appointment. The chances of that happening again today seem to have diminished markedly.The presidential authority at issue in this possible scenario exists, according to Article II, when the Senate has gone into recess and the vacancy a president seeks to fill remains. Such an appointment requires no action at all by the Senate, but the appointee can only serve until the end of the following Senate session. The president (if still in office) can then try again during a new Senate session, by making a new nomination, and that must be reviewed by the Senate.The Supreme Court had never clarified that power until its decision in June 2014 in National Labor Relations Board v. Noel Canning.The decision was something of a compromise. The Court expanded the concept of when the Senate would be in recess so that the president could make a temporary appointment, but it also gave the Senate more control over when it does recess and how long the recesses last. The gesture toward the Senate s choices was probably the more important result.Here, specifically, is what the Court decided:First, on the president s side, the Court ruled that the recess appointment power applies when the Senate leaves town for a break in the middle of an annual sitting, or a break at the end of each annual session.Second, also on the president s side, the decision declared that the president during a recess can fill a vacancy even if the opening occurred well before the recess began.Third, on the Senate s side, the ruling made clear that it has to last more than three days, without saying how much more time must pass without the Senate out of town and doing nothing.Fourth, strongly on the Senate s side, the decision left it largely up to the Senate to decide when it does take a recess, allowing it to avoid the formality of a recess by taking some legislative action, however minor or inconsequential and however few senators actually take part in some action.Suppose President Obama goes ahead with a nomination to the open seat on the Court, and suppose that the Republican-controlled Senate chooses not to allow that nominee. The GOP has enough seats in the Senate to control that scenario.Suppose, then, that the Senate goes into recess to allow its members who are running for reelection to spend some more time campaigning back home.Could President Obama make a nominee during that recess? Only if the Senate is taking a recess lasting longer than three days, and does not come in from time to time during that recess to take some minimal legislative action. Both of those circumstances would be entirely within the Senate s authority.In that circumstance, a recess appointment to the Court would not be within the terms of the Constitution, as spelled out in Article II.Read more: scotusblog",0
16766,JUSTICE SCALIA Found Dead With ‘Pillow Over His Head’…Why No Autopsy?,"It was just announced that there will be no autopsy of Justice Scalia after he was found dead in his room of  natural causes . Does anyone else out there think it should be mandatory for an autopsy to be performed? Since Justice Antonin Scalia was found dead in his resort hotel room at Cibolo Creek Creek Ranch on Saturday, questions have been flying about the immediate declaration of  natural causes  as the means of death.According to the ranch owner, Scalia was described as  animated and engaged  during dinner Friday night. He was one of three dozen invitees to an event unrelated to law or politics.Yet just hours later, after missing both breakfast and lunch, he was found dead of apparent natural causes. Later, media outlets reported he had suffered a heart attack.Houston businessman John Poindexter, who owns the 30,000-acre luxury ranch, recalled:  He was seated near me and I had a chance to observe him. He was very entertaining. But about 9 p.m. he said,  It s been a long day and a long week, I want to get some sleep. Poindexter knocked on Scalia s door about 8:30 the next morning. The door was locked and the judge did not answer. Three hours later, Poindexter returned from an outing and determined Scalia was still missing. We discovered the judge in bed, a pillow over his head. His bed clothes were unwrinkled,  said Poindexter. He was lying very restfully. It looked like he had not quite awakened from a nap,  he said.Scalia did not have a pulse and his body was cold, and after consulting with a doctor at a hospital in Alpine, Poindexter concluded resuscitation would have been futile. He then contacted federal authorities, at first encountering a series of answering services because he was calling on a weekend. Ultimately they became available and handled it superbly,  he said.  They flew in by helicopter. They told me to secure the ranch, which I did until this morning. Scalia s body was moved to an El Paso funeral home early Sunday, then driven from Marfa and arrived around 2:30 a.m. at Sunset Funeral Homes, according to spokesman Chris Lujan.Read more: wnd",0
16767,HOW THE DEATH OF SUPREME COURT JUSTICE SCALIA Puts America’s Gun Rights In Jeopardy [VIDEO],"If our next President is a Republican, and if he is allowed to appoint the next Supreme Court Justice, it will be very difficult to find a replacement who has Scalia s brilliant mind and absolute defense of our United States Constitution Of course, I would not like to be replaced by someone who immediately sets about undoing everything that I ve tried to do for 25 years, 26 years, sure. I mean, I shouldn t have to tell you that. Unless you think I m a fool. Obviously, the [second] amendment does not apply to arms that cannot be hand-carried. It s to keep and bear. So, it doesn t apply to cannons. But I suppose there are handheld rocket launchers that can bring down airplanes that will have to be (looked at)   it will have to be decided.  -US Supreme Court Justice ScaliaGun rights groups like the National Rifle Association said that conservative Justice Antonin Scalia s death Saturday puts gun rights on the line. We are one justice away from a Supreme Court that would harm our Second Amendment rights,  said the NRA.WATCH JUSTICE SCALIA talk GUN CONTROL on FOX NEWS at the 6:50 mark. You will likely want to watch this video to the end. This video shines a bright light on the brilliance of Antonin Scalia and his defense of our US Constitution. Scalia comments on his replacement in this video, and on Obama s radical SOTU speech where he called out, and attempted to shame the Supreme Court Justices in front of the entire nation:Scalia was a strong supporter of the Second Amendment, and an avid hunter. Via: Washington Examiner",0
16768,NIGHTMARE SCENARIO: FOX NEWS Reports Obama Can Appoint Supreme Court Justice On Jan 3rd…Could This Be His Final ‘SCREW YOU AMERICA’ Act?,"Pray for our nation FOX News reported this afternoon that Barack Obama can appoint a left-wing Supreme Court Justice after the Republican Senate adjourns on January 3, 2016.Obama will then have 17 days to nominate a far left justice to the Supreme Court.11 of 12 previous recess appointments were approved by the senate.This came up in discussion after news broke that conservative Justice Antonin Scalia was found dead today.This would be his last  eff-you  to the American people before he leaves office.God help us.WATCH:https://youtu.be/4IQsJjJC5_kVia: Gateway Pundit ",0
16769,"ONLY HOURS AFTER DEATH Of Supreme Court Justice Scalia, Democrats Demand Obama Chooses His Replacement","The US Supreme Court is set to decide the first major abortion case in nearly 10 years as well as critical decisions on immigration, affirmative action and voting rights. Will the Republican party have the spine to stand up to these reprobates and demand that we wait until after the election to appoint a new US Supreme Court Justice?  Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Saturday that the Senate should wait until a new president is elected to confirm a replacement for Justice Antonin Scalia, whose sudden death Saturday shook Washington and threatened to reshape the 2016 presidential race.Democrats said that with 11 months left in Mr. Obama s tenure, the Senate has enough time   and indeed an obligation   to confirm a replacement. The American people  should have a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court Justice. Therefore, this vacancy should not be filled until we have a new president,  the Kentucky Republican said in a statement.News of Scalia s death was just hours old before the debate heated up.With the court now divided between four Republican-appointed justices and four Democratic picks, Mr. Obama would have a chance to tilt the bench decidedly to the left, and liberal lawmakers said he should have that chance.Via: Washington Times",0
16770,BREAKING: U.S. SUPREME COURT JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA Found Dead In TX,"Antonin Scalia was one of our most reliable, conservative US Supreme Court Justices. Pray for our nation Conservative U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia has died, setting up a major political showdown between President Barack Obama and the Republican-controlled Senate over who will replace him just months before a presidential election. On behalf of the court and retired justices, I am saddened to report that our colleague Justice Antonin Scalia has passed away,  Chief Justice John Roberts said in a statement on Saturday, calling Scalia, 79, an  extraordinary individual and jurist. Scalia s death was first reported by the San Antonio News-Express, who said he had apparently died of natural causes while visiting a luxury resort in West Texas.Appointed to the top U.S. court in 1986 by President Ronald Reagan, Scalia was known for his strident conservative views and theatrical flair in the courtroom.Obama, who is traveling in California, extended his condolences, and the White House said he would have more to say about Scalia s death later on Saturday.The U.S. president will face a stiff battle to win confirmation of a nominee to replace the dead jurist, with Republicans likely to delay in the hope that one of their own wins the November election.Obama could tilt the balance of the nation s highest court, which now consists of four conservatives and four liberals, if he is successful in pushing his nominate through the Senate confirmation process. Conservative Justice Anthony Kennedy sometimes joins with the liberals on high profile issues, including gay rights and the death penalty. Justice Scalia was an American hero. We owe it to him, and the nation, for the Senate to ensure that the next president names his replacement,  Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, a Republican presidential candidate, said on Twitter.The court is set to decide its first major abortion case in nearly 10 years as well as key cases on voting rights, affirmative action and immigration.POSSIBLE REPLACEMENTSScalia s replacement would be Obama s third appointment to the nine-justice court.Obama s first two appointments to the court, liberals Sonia Sotomayor in 2009 and Elena Kagan in 2010, both experienced relatively smooth confirmation hearings in the Senate, which was then controlled by Democrats. Sotomayor was approved by a 68-31 vote and Kagan by 63-37.The battle over Scalia s replacement will be different, with Republicans now in charge of the Senate and keen to exert their influence over the process. Obama is likely to be forced into picking a moderate with little or no history of advocating for liberal causes. Via: Yahoo News",0
16771,BREAKING UPDATE…Last Holdout: “I DECLARE WAR AGAINST The United States Government…Liberty Or Death”…Clive Bundy Arrested On Way to Malheur Wildlife Refuge…Reverend Franklin Graham Arrives On Scene…OREGON STANDOFF LIVE FEED…Slow Motion Video Of Lavoy Finicum Shooting Death By FBI,"Negotiations to surrender currently live-streaming from the scene on YouTube (below)Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy arrested on way to Malheur wildlife refuge, will appear in court at 1.30pm PTRemaining militia members had tentatively agreed to walk off refuge at 8am PT after night of frantic negotiationsFranklin Graham, son of evangelist Billy Graham, arrived at the standoff site in Burns, Ore., around 8 a.m. PT., at about the time when one of the occupiers, Sean Anderson, said the group planned to turn themselves in at a nearby FBI checkpoint.Graham, who is based in North Carolina, said on his Facebook page that he had been speaking with the four holdouts by phone everyday at the request of the protesters and the FBI. Last night I was on the phone with them for several hours, was able to have prayer with them, and they have said they would come out today,  he said in the Wednesday night post.  I am on my way there and hope to be there by 7:00 AM their time. Please keep them, law enforcement officials, and all involved in your prayers, that everyone will be safe. In the final moments leading up to the planned surrender, discussions between the holdouts and Nevada lawmaker Michele Fiore, a sympathizer who flew to Oregon, were being livestreamed in an online broadcast.LIVE FEED:SLOW MOTION VIDEO Of protester and patriot, Lavoy Finicum shooting death by FBI:Oregon Protester s Interview Voicing Concerns The Day Before He Was Killed WATCH VIDEO HERE18:22 Cliven Bundy charged with assault, conspiracySome breaking news from outside of the refuge: The Associated Press is reporting that Cliven Bundy has been charged with assault and conspiracy for his 2014 standoff with the federal government at his Nevada ranch.The 69-year-old rancher has for years refused to pay grazing fees to the government to have his cattle use public lands. The dispute reached a head when federal officials attempted to seize his cattle and armed anti-government protesters came to his aid.He still owes the government more than $1m.Cliven Bundy was arrested late Wednesday night in Portland. Earlier in the evening, he told the Guardian he was on his way to Oregon to support the occupiers. He is currently in jail in Portland.13:17 David Fry is telling the more than 25,000 listeners on the live YouTube stream that he fears going to prison. They need to address my grievances. They need to promise me absolute protection,  Fry said.  Even if I go to prison, they should promise me absolute protection. He also said he worried he would be attacked by other prisoners.Gavin Seim, the live-streamer, told him not to be afraid:  Don t be intimidated by a jail or prison cell.  He said the people in jail are like him   others who have been  abused by the government .Fry continued:  I can t come out guys. I can t do it. 12:50 David Fry said on the live-stream that Jeff Banta, one of the four holdouts, is now leaving the occupation and surrendering.Fry, however, is now shouting demands at the FBI:  Unless my grievances are heard, I will not come out! Gavin Seim, the live-streamer, tried to keep him calm:  Go and walk out there like the others   We ve got the world watching. They haven t even promised anything, really. I didn t agree to any of this, really. I m kind of worried that they are just going to ignore us,  Fry said.Seim responded:  It s in God s hands. 12:41 Occupiers walking outSean Anderson has just said that FBI officials have told them to exit the refuge one at a time. Michele Fiore is no longer on the live-feed. You coming out, Sean?  Gavin Seim asked Coming out!  Sean shouted on the video.  They re walking toward us. It looks like they ve got guns pointed at us,  David Fry said, adding that Jeff Banta is next to him. They are basically patting her down and I think they are going to apprehend her there,  Fry said of Sandy Anderson.  Now, Sean is standing there holding the American flag in his hand. 12:16 Latest summaryNevada assemblywoman Michele Fiore and Franklin Graham, a high-profile reverend, are on their way to the Malheur national wildlife refuge headquarters in rural Harney County with FBI officials. The plan is to escort the occupation holdouts out.The four holdouts are: Sandy Anderson, 48, Sean Anderson, 47, Jeff Banta, 46, and David Fry, 27.The four were indicted by a federal grand jury last week on conspiracy charges and could face six years in prison.Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy was arrested in Portland last night and will appear in court at 1.30pm today.From evening of February 10:00:09: Occupiers say they will meet FBI at checkpoint at 8amThe tone of the occupiers is becoming more conciliatory.Sean Anderson tells Seim that the FBI has offered to meet them at a checkpoint at 8am (PST) on Thursday.He says the four of them have agreed to leave their weapons in their vehicles before approaching the checkpoint.Both Andersons say they want the media to be present at the checkpoint. The world s going to be watching,  says Seim.  They re not just going to haul you away into the darkness. 04:20The feed of the live phone call is at turns disturbing and downright surreal. There was just a moment of sheer panic when Sean Anderson announced he was going to light an outdoor heater. I am going to light a propane heater cos we are standing out here freezing cold,  he said. Don t do that, don t do that,  replied Congresswoman Fiore.There appeared to be a frantic attempt to communicate with the FBI that the occupiers were on the cusp of lighting their heater, so they didn t misunderstand what was happening.Amid discussions about whether there were flammable materials in the area, and attempts to implore Anderson not to light the heater, he replied:  I am going to go ahead and light this so my wife can be warm. If they shoot them that s on their fucking ass. He lit the heater. Lights are seen from the Narrows roadblock near Burns, Oregon, as FBI agents surrounded the remaining four occupiers at the Malheur national wildlife refuge. Photograph: Thomas Boyd/AP23:02 More vehicles are approaching the refuge, the occupiers are saying.They broke through our barricades, they object.22:59 Fiore:  I m not asking you to give up Fiore   who appears to be acting as a curious mixture of negotiator and cheerleader   tells the occupiers that they are engaged in a battle to take America back.She is being driven to the refuge now, in a journey expected to take around four hours.Fiore says her cellphone signal might drop as they drive through mountains, but says the FBI will not act while the signal is down (we don t have confirmation of that alleged agreement from the FBI). In order to stay alive, I have to submit and be a slave,  Sean Anderson shouts. He compares himself to Braveheart. I m not asking you to give up,  Fiore tells him.22:50 Associated Press has further background information on two of the occupiers, husband and wife Sean and Sandy Anderson:The husband and wife moved from the town of Janesville, Wisconsin, within the last several years to Riggins, Idaho, where Sean, 47, opened a store for hunting, tactical and survival gear. Sandy, 48, worked at a gas station.Idaho County, where they live, and Harney County, 290 miles away where the refuge is located, are similar in many ways. Both have large portions of land managed by federal agencies and populations chafing at restrictions put on that land.Idaho county sheriff Doug Giddings said the Andersons are good residents, though he didn t know as much about Sean as he did about Sandy. She s a good person, she s just upset with the government,  he told Oregon Public Broadcasting.Sean Anderson is facing misdemeanor charges in Wisconsin for resisting an officer, possession of drug paraphernalia and possession of THC, the intoxicating chemical in marijuana.He also has pleaded guilty to a series of misdemeanors in recent years: domestic abuse in December 2010, disorderly conduct in 2008, criminal trespass in a dwelling in 2002, and disorderly conduct in 1999.A friend of the couple, Lindsey Dipo, told the Lewiston Tribune newspaper that the couple recorded their will on Dipo s cellphone before departing for Oregon.22:46 The occupiers   and Fiore on the other end of the phone line   break off frequently to pray.Sandy Anderson is angered because she says the FBI negotiators interrupted one prayer session.Fiore says this is good   it shows the FBI is listening to the broadcast and they know what is happening.22:43 If they won t give us one more day   we re just going to stay here and fucking die,  Sean Anderson says. 22:39 Cliven Bundy on his way to the refugeCliven Bundy has confirmed in a phone interview with the Guardian just now that he is on his way to the refuge. I hope I save some lives, for one thing,  he said.The elder Bundy said he decided to go to Harney County after he saw the FBI was closing in on the occupiers:I guess if they wanted to murder somebody tonight, that d be a good way to do it.I don t know whether I ll be a negotiator or maybe a demander. I think we oughta take this country back and I think it s time the feds get out of there.Bundy said he has not heard from law enforcement:I m not really talking to the FBI. As far as I m concerned, they have no jurisdiction or authority there.Bundy declined to say if anyone else was with him or how long it would take him to get there.22:35 Sean Anderson says he wants assurances that the four occupiers won t face prosecution. They can drop charges, they do it all the time   for people who are way worse than we are,  he told Fiore.The occupiers are also telling the assemblywoman that Franklin Graham, a reverend from the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association, is in discussions with them. The occupiers said the FBI may consider letting them walk out at 7am Thursday morning with Graham.But Sean Anderson said he wasn t confident they would get out alive:  How can we trust what they are saying? 22:32Sean Anderson, one of the occupiers, has just announced what he calls their  concession    that the four of them will leave the refuge in daylight on Thursday if they are allowed to be accompanied by Congresswoman Fiore and Christian evangelist Franklin Graham.He says the FBI must now offer its own concession in return.22:30According to a Facebook page associated with the militia, Cliven Bundy   father of Ammon Bundy and himself involved in an earlier standoff with officials   is on his way to the site of the siege.However, the FBI has reportedly told the four occupiers that nobody will be able to enter the property.22:26 Helicopters heard over the refugePaul Lewis Paul Lewis The live broadcast just captured the moment the occupiers heard helicopters above the refuge. The black hawks are here and they re going to kill us,  said one voice, which appeared to be David Fry, the most agitated of the occupiers.He added moments later:  If they fire first, my weapon is in reach and I m going to take them with me. Gavin Seim, the rightwing activist who is running the Youtube broadcast, led a group prayer for those inside, and assured them that leader Ammon Bundy, who in prison, has been taken out of solitary confinement.Assemblywoman Michele Fiore   who is also on the line, acting as a mediator   is also encouraging the remaining occupiers to remain calm.  I need you to stay alive. The only way we re going to be able to write your story and write your book is if you stay alive. The occupiers appear to have a separate line to the FBI, and are relaying that they ve been told no one will be allowed on to the refuge until they leave. They want us to leave. They said the time for concessions has passed,  Sandy Anderson said.The details are sketchy, and the audio in parts inaudible, but it appears that one proposal is for a local figure, possibly a reverend, to join the occupiers and lead them off the site.David Fry, the 27-year-old occupier from Ohio, has become increasingly agitated on the live stream, shouting at Fiore and his fellow protesters.Fry made headlines when he posted video of himself using government computers to create a website for the occupation.According to a recent profile of Fry by Oregon Public Broadcasting (OPB), his antics led many in the militia to grow frustrated with him, with some wanting him to leave.Fry had previously communicated with militia spokesman LaVoy Finicum online, and Finicum had reportedly encouraged the young occupier to stay.Fry s family told the radio station that he has frequently had problems with authorities.  He s had his problems, some of which he s brought on himself,  his grandfather, William Fry, told OPB. He gets pulled over for busted taillights, and instead of just rolling down his window and handing over his insurance, he screams at the officer,  What the [expletive] do you want?  And right there, a regular thing turns into him in handcuffs.  Fry also often writes about conspiracy theories online.Via: The GuardianThe occupation at Malheur started on 2 January in response to the conviction of two local ranchers on arson charges. Our explainer has more on the background to the 40-day standoff:One protester has been shot dead and eight others were arrested on Tuesday after a confrontation between police and an armed group that has taken over a federal wildlife reserve in Oregon.What were the circumstances of the shooting? The FBI said shots were fired after officers stopped a car carrying Ammon Bundy, the leader of the protests, and five others near the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. Activists said rancher Robert  LaVoy  Finicum was killed, and one person wounded. Finicum, 55, had been one of the main spokesmen for the occupation, appearing at daily news conferences, posting regular dispatches on his YouTube page and organising some of the most high-profile actions protesting against the federal government s regulation of public lands. Bundy and four other senior members were taken into custody following the confrontation along Highway 395 near the reserve in north-east Oregon at 4.25pm local time, the FBI said. Two others were arrested later, including Peter Santilli, a journalist who livestreamed events at the refuge.Is the standoff over? No. FBI agents have set up a perimeter around the wildlife refuge, where an unknown number of people are still holding out. One of the remaining occupiers, Jason Patrick, told Reuters by phone that they would stay until the  redress of grievances . He said:  I ve heard  peaceful resolution  for weeks now and now there s a cowboy who is my friend who is dead   so prepare for the peaceful resolution. How long has the occupation been going on, and why are they there? The takeover at Malheur started on 2 January after a peaceful protest in nearby Burns, Oregon, over the conviction of two local ranchers on arson charges. Dwight Hammond, 73, and his son Steven Hammond, 46, said they lit fires on federal land in 2001 and 2006 to reduce the growth of invasive plants and protect their property from wildfires. The two were convicted three years ago. But in October a federal judge ruled their terms were too short and ordered them back to prison for about four years each. Among the demands by the group is for the Hammonds to be released. But the militia have more deep-seated grievances over land under federal government control.",0
16772,BREAKING: SUPREME COURT Delivers Major Blow To Obama’s Carbon Emissions Scam,"Some great news on the carbon emissions rule! The Supreme Court agreed to stop enforcement until legal challenges are resolved. This power grab is something that s not good on any level and in spite of the statement that it would create job it s a job killer! Just ask anyone connected to the coal industry.A divided Supreme Court agreed Tuesday to halt enforcement of President Barack Obama s sweeping plan to address climate change until after legal challenges are resolved.The surprising move is a blow to the administration and a victory for the coalition of 27 mostly Republican-led states and industry opponents that call the regulations  an unprecedented power grab. By temporarily freezing the rule the high court s order signals that opponents have made a strong argument against the plan. A federal appeals court last month refused to put it on hold.The court s four liberal justices said they would have denied the request.The plan aims to stave off the worst predicted impacts of climate change by reducing carbon dioxide emissions at existing power plants by about one-third by 2030.Appellate arguments are set to begin June 2.The compliance period starts in 2022, but states must submit their plans to the Environmental Protection Administration by September or seek an extension.Many states opposing the plan depend on economic activity tied to such fossil fuels as coal, oil and gas. They argued that power plants will have to spend billions of dollars to begin complying with a rule that may end up being overturned.Implementation of the rules is considered essential to the United States meeting emissions-reduction targets in a global climate agreement signed in Paris last month.Read more: CNBC",0
16773,NEW EMAILS SHOW HILLARY Asking How Meeting On Libyan War Would Impact Hamptons Vacation…And MORE,"These grifters have no shame. How much more evidence do Americans need to see before they understand Hillary has no interest in our nation s security? How much more evidence do we need before the Everyday American Queen of the Clinton Crime Syndicate is sent to prison? Judicial Watch today released nearly 70 pages of State Department records that show that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and her top aides, Deputy Chiefs of Staff Huma Abedin and Jake Sullivan, received and sent classified information on their non-state.gov email accounts. The documents, also available on the State Department website, were obtained in response to a court order from a May 5, 2015, lawsuit filed against the State Department (Judicial Watch, Inc. v. U.S. Department of State (No. 1:15-cv-00684)) after it failed to respond to a March 18 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request seeking:All emails of official State Department business received or sent by former Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin from January 1, 2009 through February 1, 2013 using a non- state.gov  email address.The new documents show that Hillary Clinton used the clintonemail.com system to ask Huma Abedin (also on a non-state.gov email account) to print two March 2011 emails, which were sent from former British Prime Minister Tony Blair (using the moniker  aclb ) to Jake Sullivan on Sullivan s non-state.gov email account. The Obama State Department redacted the Blair emails under Exemption (b)(1) which allows the withholding of classified material. The material is marked as being classified as  Foreign government information  and  foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources. Another email shows that Clinton wanted to know how meetings in Washington, including a four-hour meeting concerning America s war on Libya, would impact her Hampton vacation. Responding to an email that details the sensitive meetings in DC, Clinton emails Abedin on August 26, 2011,  Ok. What time would I get back to Hamptons?  Again, this email discussion takes place on non-state.gov email accounts.The documents also include advice to Clinton on Libya from Sidney Blumenthal, a Clinton Foundation employee who, according to a Judicial Watch investigative report, also had business interests in Libya. Clinton wanted Blumenthal s March 9, 2011, Libya memo to be printed  without any identifiers. The newly released Abedin emails include a lengthy exchange giving precise details of Clinton s schedule using unsecured government emails. The email from Lona J. Valmoro, former Special Assistant to Secretary of State Clinton, to Abedin and Clinton reveals exact times (including driving times) and locations of all appointments throughout the day. Another itinerary email provides details about a meeting at the United Nations in New York at 3:00 on Tuesday, January 31, 2012, with the precise disclosure,  that would mean wheels up from Andrews at approximately 12:00pm/12:15pm. These emails show that Hillary Clinton isn t the only Obama official who should be worried about being prosecuted for mishandling classified information. Her former top State aides (and current campaign advisers) Huma Abedin and Jake Sullivan should be in the dock, as well,  said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton.  The Obama State Department has now confirmed that Clinton, Abedin, and Sullivan used unsecured, non-government email accounts to communicate information that should now be withheld from the American people  in the interest of national defense or foreign policy, and properly classified.  When can we expect the indictments?  Via: Judicial Watch",0
16774,AMERICAN NANNY Helping Muslim Refugees Found Brutally Murdered,"Is the government of Austria harboring violent criminals instead of deporting them? It appears that this is a pattern in Europe where Muslim refugees are denied asylum yet don t leave. Open borders via the European Union only helps facilitate this. America is doing the same thing with our open borders. There are many similarities with our visa overstays and the illegal aliens crossing every day.Swiss police have arrested a man suspected of murdering an American woman who worked as a nanny in Vienna, Austria.The Austrian tabloid Kronen Zeitung reported that the suspect, identified only as 24-year-old Abdou I., was arrested Thursday at an asylum center in northeastern Switzerland, just over the Austrian border. The paper said Abdou was an asylum seeker originally from Gambia, in Africa. Some other reports gave the suspect s age as 23.The suspect was arrested nine days after Vienna police found the body of 25-year-old Colorado native Lauren Mann in her Vienna apartment. Mann was found lying face-down on a mattress with traces of her blood on the floor. An autopsy gave suffocation as the cause of Mann s death.The suspect s arrest was confirmed by Swiss officials Monday.Kronen Zeitung reported that the suspect s DNA was found at the crime scene and authorities tracked his cell phone to the refugee center in Switzerland.The paper had previously reported that Abdou I. had migrated to Italy in 2012 and had later requested asylum in Germany. However, his application was denied and he was threatened with deportation due to a series of criminal offenses, including a 2014 conviction for sexual abuse of minors.Kronen Zeitung reported that friends and classmates of Mann told the paper that she often went to train stations and shelters to help distribute food and blankets to asylum-seekers, and wanted to help the suspect. The report said that though she did not know of his criminal history, she knew he faced deportation back to Africa.Via: FOX News ",0
16775,EVERY AMERICAN SHOULD BE CONCERNED About What Flew Over The Super Bowl Stadium Last Night,"Weakness invites aggression and it s hard to imagine we could have a weaker, more apathetic President. So this news should come as a surprise to no one. North Korea on Sunday defied international warnings and launched a long-range rocket that the United Nations and others call a cover for a banned test of technology for a missile that could strike the U.S. mainland.Whatever motives Pyongyang may have about using its rocket launches to develop nuclear-tipped long-range missiles, it now has two satellites circling the Earth, according to NORAD, the North American Aerospace Command, which monitors all satellites in orbit.Both of the Kwangmyongsong, or  Shining Star,  satellites complete their orbits in about 94 minutes and based on data released by international organizations tracking them, the new one passed almost right over Levi s Stadium about an hour after the Super Bowl ended. It passed almost directly overhead Silicon Valley, which is where I am and where the stadium is,  tech watcher Martyn Williams said in an email to The Associated Press.  The pass happened at 8:26 p.m., after the game. I would put it down to nothing more than a coincidence, but an interesting one. The game in Santa Clara, California, ended at 7:25 p.m. local time.North Korea claims Sunday s successful satellite launch was its fourth.The first two have never been confirmed by anyone else, but experts worldwide agree it got one into orbit in 2012 and NORAD, which is hardly a propaganda mouthpiece for Pyongyang, now has both that and the satellite launched on Sunday on its official satellite list.Kwangmyongsong 4, the satellite launched Sunday, has the NORAD catalog number 41332 and Kwangmyongsong 3-2, launched in 2012, is 39026. They are described as Earth observation satellites, and weigh about 100 kilograms (220 pounds) apiece.Their main applications, according to Pyongyang, are monitoring the weather, mapping natural resources and forest distributions and providing data that might help farmers improve their crops.North Korea s state-run media quoted scientists and researchers at the North s State Hydro-Meteorological Administration as saying Sunday they are  are delighted at the news  of the launch. Its deputy director, Ryu Pong Chol, reportedly said it will give a big boost to North Korean weather forecasters.That remains to be seen.No signals from the previous satellite, which North Korea claimed transmitted the  Song of General Kim Il Sung  and  Song of General Kim Jong Il  after achieving orbit, have ever been confirmed by outside observers. That might be because it was never stable enough to transmit anything back home.Signals from the new satellite had also yet to be detected. Amateurs and experts alike are doing their best to listen in around the world, but it is unclear exactly what frequency the satellite is supposed to be using, or what it will be transmitting.Via: AP ",0
16776,BLUNT MEME EXPOSES Difference Between Forced Government And Charitable Giving," 2 Corinthians 9:7 Each one must give as he has decided in his heart, not reluctantly or under compulsion, for God loves a cheerful giver.",0
16777,Did UPS Secretly Fly “Refugees” Into U.S. From The Middle East? WATCH Governor Chris Christie’s Shocking Interview With Bill O’Reilly,"So far, this video has over 530,000 views. Does that make the content legitimate? Certainly not. But the premise is certainly not that far-fetched, considering our government has been bringing mostly Muslim refugees to America for over 35 years through the very secretive US State Department Refugee Resettlement Program.A large number of  refugees  that have been strategically placed throughout the U.S. are Muslims. So why are Catholic and Lutheran charities the #1 and #2  largest benefactors of our taxpayer dollars when it comes to delivering Muslims from countries who hate us?I placed a call to our local Catholic charity office where the director assured me over the phone that they aren t  selective  about who comes here. I told her, that as a Catholic, I was more concerned about helping the Christians who are being left behind to be slaughtered by Muslims than bringing Muslims to America. She assured me there really is no difference. I asked her what the rate of conversion is once they bring tens of thousands of Muslims to our local area in Michigan?  Silence.Bill O Reilly seems genuinely shocked to find out that our very own State Department has been quietly dumping off  refugees  in New Jersey with no approval from the state or its citizens.Watch here:Of the approximately 2,000 Syrian refugees who have come to the United States over the past several years, an estimated 97 percent are Muslim.In FY 2015, the State Department, through the Bureau of Population, Refugees and Migration and the Office of Refugee Resettlement, spent more than $1 billion on these programs, which settled international refugees  vetted  by the United Nations High Commission on International Refugees in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. The federal government spent hundreds of millions of dollars more than that on refugees, however. The Department of Health and Human Services also provided a number of  entitlements  to these refugees.Much of this $1 billion in annual revenue goes to voluntary agencies (VOLAGs), several of which are Christian non-profits, such as Catholic Charities, Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service, World Relief Corporation, Church World Service, and Domestic and Foreign Missionary Service of the Episcopal Church of the USA. (also referred to as Episcopal Migration Ministries), who are contracted on behalf of the government to help these refugees get settled in their new homes in America.Five of the top nine VOLAGs are Christian non-profits. The other four are Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society, International Rescue Committee, US Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, and the Ethiopian Community Development Council.After providing three to four months of resettlement services to these refugees, having been well compensated for their assistance services, these Christian non-profit VOLAGS stop providing services and are not required to keep track of the  refugees  location within the United States.As Ann Corcoran wrote recently at Refugee Resettlement Watch, the arrangement benefits the VOLAGs but provides little comfort to Americans worried about the national security implications of bringing in so many unvetted refugees:Refugee resettlement is profitable to the organizations involved in it. They receive money from the federal government for each refugee they bring over. They have almost no real responsibilities for these refugees. After 4 months the  sponsoring  organization is not even required to know where the refugee lives.A good percentage of the revenues of these Christian  non-profit  organizations, many of which were originally established to provide charitable services to the poor already within local American communities, now comes from their work as subcontractors to the federal government to relocate these foreign, often Muslim, refugees.In effect, critics argue, these VOLAGS have become agents of the federal government whose new mission is to import terrorism to the United States under the false flag of Christian compassion.As Refugee Resettlement Watch reported, there are multiple ways for these VOLAGs to generate revenue from this program:a. $1,850 per refugee (including children) from the State Department.b. Up to $2,200 for each refugee by participating in a U.S. DHHS program known as Matching Grant. To get the $2,200, the Volag need only show it spent $200 and gave away $800 worth of donated clothes, furniture, or cars.c. The Volag pockets 25 percent of every transportation loan it collects from refugees it  sponsors .d. All Volag expenses and overhead in the Washington, DC HQ are paid by the U.S. government.e. For their refugee programs, Volags collect money from all federal grant programs    Marriage Initiative,   Faith-based,   Ownership Society etc., as well as from various state and local grants.The program is so lucrative that in some towns the Catholic Church has lessened support for traditional charity works to put more effort into resettlement. It uses collection offerings to promote the refugee resettlement program.Despite claims that these Muslim refugees have been  vetted  to keep out terrorists, numerous reports, including those by the Department of Homeland Security and FBI, indicate that this process is flawed, especially for refugees from countries like Syria, where virtually no data bases to perform background checks exist.Of the approximately 2,000 Syrian refugees who have come to the United States over the past several years, an estimated 97 percent are Muslim.President Obama wants to bring in an additional 10,000 Syrian refugees to the United States in FY 2016 (which ends September 30, 2016). At least 26 governors and the vast majority of Americans oppose this plan on national security grounds, but the President is doubling down.",0
16778,ALL HELL IS BREAKING LOOSE IN GERMANY: Citizens Want “Refugees” Gunned Down At Borders [VIDEO],"Enough is enough! German citizens are witnessing the fast-track decline of their nation. Does America need to look any further than Germany to see that bringing in hundreds of thousands (in Germany s case millions) of Muslim men from countries who have no interest in assimilating in the Western world, is a serious threat to its citizens?  Liberal open-border policies that have been put forth by Angel Merkel and other progressives in power have clearly put their citizens in grave danger. OVER one-in-four Germans say they back a policy to open fire on unwanted illegal refugees at their borders.Watch massive brawl break out in refugee camp over torn Quran:The Alternative for Germany (AFD) party leader Frauke Petry caused a storm a week ago when she advocated the right of border police to gun down migrants. But her comments have struck a nerve in a country being pushed to the brink by the crisis with 29 percent of respondents in a weekend poll backing her extremist plan. Via: Express UKWe  recently reported about a vigilante group in Finland that is gaining large numbers of international members. The Soldiers of Odin are taking matters into their own hands. They are no longer going to sit back and allow the women and children in their communities be raped by these  migrants,  who have no regard for the laws of the countries that have generously agreed to accept and support them. I think it s going to be a war between local people and immigrants.    Soldiers of Odin member Foreigners can t go out alone after dark anymore. It used to be safe to go out in Finland at night, even by yourself, but now we just don t have the courage to do it.    MigrantCLICK HERE for entire story.",0
16779,LET’S PLAY! CAN YOU ANSWER The 21 Questions That Every American Should Know?,CAN YOU DO IT? WE D LOVE TO KNOW WHAT SURPRISED YOU. Via: Playbuzz,0
16780,AUSTRIAN JUSTICE SYSTEM Gives Teen With Homemade Nazi Tattoo Same Sentence As “Refugee” Convicted Of Anal Rape Of 72 Year Old,"Before we get too far into this story, it needs to be pointed out that the 18 year old teen who was just sentenced by a judge for having a homemade Nazi tattoo, was only 15 years old at the time, and has since admitted he made a mistake. The Afghan  rapefugee  on the other hand, was 17 years old when he brutally raped a 72 year old woman. So basically, we re comparing a 15 year old who was utilizing his freedom of expression (whether we agree with him or not is irrelevant) with a violent 17 year old rapist.An 18-year-old Afghan  refugee  was sentenced to 20 months in prison for the anal rape of a 72-year-old woman. Now the Austrian justice system has once again shown us its quality. A 20-year-old, who was 15 at the time, the  offence  was committed, has just been sentenced to 19 months in prison for giving a home-made swastika tattoo.Three young people have been found guilty of engaging in Nazi activities after they drew Nazi tattoos and posted photos of them online.A 20-year-old, who was found to have a German war flag used by the Nazis and portraits of Nazi Socialists in his room, was sentenced by a youth court in Salzburg to 19 months in prison, three months unconditional.He and a 19-year-old accomplice were found guilty of using a pin and eyeliner to tattoo a hand-sized swastika onto someone s chest and then posting the photos online.In addition to the tattooing, the 20-year-old was also accused of shouting Nazi slogans out of his window and singing the song  Polaken-Tango  by the banned neo-Nazi rock group Landser in front of his brother and his brother s girlfriend.He was arrested after his brother called the police, who found him in his room wrapped in the war flag and surrounded by photos of prominent Nazis.He told the court that he regretted his actions, which took place in August 2011 when he was 15-years-old, and that he had now changed.Pleading guilty, he said:  I now know that this is nonsense.  He was charged separately for his Facebook account, where he also posted pictures of himself making Nazi salutes, which he told judge Bettina Maxones-Kurkowski he had done to  show others that he belongs here . Via: The LocalOn Wednesday at the State Court in Vienna s Neustadt an 18-year-old Afghan was sentenced to 20 months in prison without parole for rape. He also has to pay 5000 euros compensation to the 72-year-old woman, who has been very marked by the attack.The incident on 1 September last year created a sensation: the penioner was walking her old dog in the Schwechat meadow near Traiskirchen in Lower Austria, when she encountered two young asylum seekers swimming in the river. According to an acquaintance of the victim in the witness stand, the boys were  also very nice  at first, they even helped the woman over an embankment.  But then one them fell upon her from behind. However, DNA traces confirmed that the pensioner was anally raped. The then 17-year-old Afghan was quickly caught. He does not dispute the crime, but says he was drunk. His friend says he wasn t aware of the rape.Her daughter Sylvia   a committed refugee helper   believes and hopes that her mother was unconscious during the crime. What does Christine F. feel for her tormentor? Despite all of the torment, she even feels some sympathy. ",0
16781,REAGAN’S WARNING TO US: “Those Voices Don’t Speak for the Rest of Us” [VIDEO],THIS IS A WARNING FROM REAGAN: Those Voices Don t Speak for the Rest of Us It rings truer than ever  ,0
16782,FOX NEWS BIGGIE Promoting Mass Immigration To The U.S. Via FOX News,"Has anyone else out there noticed the total bias with promotion of certain candidates running for president? I ve noticed who they re supporting like never before. I should say I ve noticed who they detest also Trump No matter which candidate you support, this isn t fair to the American people who really want the truth in the media to come back. FOX is now no better than the liberal leaning CNN and MSNBC. Watch with caution after you read this excellent piece about the connections between big business, politics and the push for mass immigration to America. Yes folks, it s all about cheap labor and money Mr. Rupert s most visible investment is Fox s princess Megyn Kelly, who just coincidentally signed a book deal with another of Ruperts  business interests, Harper Collins books.Murdoch is a long time supporter of Senator Marco Rubio. The Fox News head even structured media coverage on behalf of Rubio during the Gang-of-Eight legislative fiasco in 2013.Mr. Murdoch, who is also leading the executive decision-making on Fox programming, also contracts pollster Frank Luntz to appear on Fox News broadcasting during the 2016 election cycle.[ ] since June, Murdoch has been attending Ailes s daily executive meeting held on the second floor of Fox headquarters. The secretive afternoon gathering in Ailes s conference room is attended by about a half-dozen of the network s most senior lieutenants. It s where some of the most sensitive decisions about running the channel are discussed. (link)Frank Luntz has sub-contracts with Marco Rubio and a long-term relationship with Rubio going back to the Freshman Senator s time in the Florida Legislature. Rubio alone has paid Luntz $350,000+Frank Luntz focus groups regularly find Marco Rubio as the winner of debate and opinion programming.The executive in charge of Fox News debate programming, debate questioning and debate structure is Bill Sammon. (circled below)The Washington Post has an outline describing how Bill Sammon runs the entire show at Fox regarding debates; and how he is the person who Chris Stirewalt, Megyn Kelly, Chris Wallace and Brett Baier directly report to for all debate issues, construction, and question organization.In essence, Bill Sammon runs the show.Bill Sammon s daughter is Brooke Sammon who is the press secretary for Marco Rubio s presidential campaign.A generally interested observer would consider this a conflict of interest worthy of full disclosure. However, none of the above have ever been publicly disclosed prior to the media presentation by any Fox entity.During the Fox Business News debate several political junkies noted a rather curious omission: Senator Marco Rubio was never questioned about the 2013 Senate Gang-of-Eight bill and his stance on Comprehensive Immigration Reform. In fact, if you were to review the debate substance you d note that candidate Rubio wasn t directly questioned about his immigration positions at all.Read more: Conservative Treehouse ",0
16783,"OPEN-BORDER LIBERALS Put Entire Nation On High Alert: German Spy Chief Warns 1,000+ Radical Islamists Ready To Attack…Over 100 ISIS Members Among Refugees","Thank you Angela Merkel German security service BfV reportedly received more than 100 tip-offs that ISIS militants had infiltrated the country among refugees, according to a recent report. The news comes as massive nationwide anti-terror raids took place this week.The head of the German domestic intelligence service (BfV), Hans-Georg Maassen, told a gathering of politicians that the agency had received more than 100 warnings indicating there were Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) militants staying in Germany as refugees, newspaper Berliner Zeitung reported Friday, without citing its sources.However , some cases of  baseless defamation  were among those tip-offs, Maassen added, according to the newspaper.German security services have remained on high alert since the November terror attacks in Paris which claimed the lives of more than 130 people.Earlier this week, police and security agents all across Germany were scrambled to search for suspects allegedly planning a terror attack in the country, with Berlin seen as the most likely target. Well-known tourist attractions including Alexanderplatz train station and the Cold War-era Checkpoint Charlie could be among the targets of a possible attack, according to preliminary media reports.On Thursday, a police special force unit raided four flats and two businesses in Berlin, detaining four men accused of allegedly having ties to Islamic State. They were suspected of being involved in planning an attack, police spokesman Martin Redlich told RT.German spy chief warns of 1,000+ radical Islamists ready to attack https://t.co/VZn1xRA2oA pic.twitter.com/BlxXGGXHkK  RT (@RT_com) December 13, 2015One of the suspects, a 49-year-old Algerian, was arrested in a three-bedroom flat in Berlin s predominantly immigrant district of Kreuzberg. He was living there on a fake French passport, local media reported, and owned two shops nearby Alexanderplatz and Checkpoint Charlie. Redlich could not confirm the landmarks were the targets, however.The spokesman said police had acted on a tip-off, but he provided no further details.Similar raids also took place in the German regions of North Rhine Westphalia and Lower Saxony. In Berlin alone, 450 police officers were engaged in the operation, German media reported.The main suspect was a 35-year-old Algerian man detained during Thursday s raid in the town of Attendorn. Said to be a possible leader of an IS terrorist cell, he was also being sought by Algerian authorities over allegations he is a member of the terrorist group.He entered Germany in autumn 2015, having traveled the so-called  Balkan route.  At that time, the 35-year-old was registered in Bavaria as a refugee.Both men had been monitored since the end of 2015, after security services had received a tip-off they might be IS infiltrators.Another unnamed 26-year-old Algerian, who also registered as a refugee and lived in a shelter in central Hannover, is suspected by the police to be the cell s communication agent. He is also thought to have possible ties to Belgian Islamists. He has traveled to the Molenbeek district of Brussels, known for harboring jihadists, at least once in recent weeks. Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the mastermind behind the November s Paris attacks, was a Molenbeek resident.Germany took in over 1.1 million refugees in 2015, and fifty-four percent of Germans believe the terror threat in the country is on the rise because of the high number of incoming migrants, according to the latest Spiegel poll. Via: RT",0
16784,OBAMA’S CHIEF OF STAFF WARNS AMERICA…He’s Not Going Away Quietly: Promises “Audacious Executive Actions” Including Gun Control,"The big question is who, in Congress has the will to stop him? Keep your notepads handy America, and start keeping track of who you will and won t re-elect in 2016.White House chief of staff Denis McDonough pushed back against the notion his president is played out in the wake of his last State of the Union address, promising  audacious executive action  in Barack Obama s final year in office.During a breakfast with reporters in Washington, D.C., on Tuesday, McDonough responded to the observation that the president s final speech before Congress lacked the usual pledge to  go it alone  if lawmakers failed to act.Coupled with the feeble executive actions on gun control announced earlier this month, had President Obama rethought the utility of acting unilaterally on issues important to the White House?  We ll do audacious executive action over the course of the rest of the year, I m confident of that,  said McDonough, explaining that President Obama s decision not to outline specific executive actions was more about a commitment to process than a lack of willpower. Process is your friend, but process also dictates what you can do,  McDonough said.  And we do want to make sure that the executive actions we undertake are not left hanging out there, subject to Congress undoing them. In addition to gun control, the White House has expressed interest in further unilateral actions on immigration reform, and in working around Congress to close the prison in Guantanamo Bay. But McDonough said the White House is considering executive action on any and all issues, and that the main question President Obama plans to ask himself is  Why not?   And so that s the spirit through which we ll approach this last year,  McDonough said.Via: National Review",0
16785,WHAT’S HILLARY HIDING? Hillary’s Campaign Dodges Questions About Goldman Sachs Speeches [Video],"During the Democrat s debate, Hillary Clinton said she d  look at  releasing the transcripts of her speeches to Wall Street s Goldman Sachs. John Podesta defends Clinton on Chris Mathews using the artful dodge:",0
16786,"BREAKING: OBAMA’S “Director Of Diversity” Donates Hundreds Of Thousands Of Tax Payer Dollars To Open Borders, Other Radical Groups","Of course anyone on Obama s  Team Fundamental Transformation of America  is exempt from any of the  consequences the rest of America would have to face for the same unlawful actions To meet the Obama administration s goal of  implementing a robust diversity strategy  at the Department of Defense (DOD), the agency s director of diversity violated government rules by distributing hundreds of thousands of dollars to controversial leftist groups. Adding insult to injury, a  consulting  firm gets nearly half a million dollars from the DOD to help distribute the money to groups even those that don t qualify that support the Pentagon s  diversity strategy and program objectives. Among the recipients is the notorious open borders group League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC), Minority Access Inc., a Maryland-based nonprofit committed to decreasing disparities and reducing incidences of environmental injustices, and the renowned National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). Others include the Society of American Indian Government Employees and the Asian American Government Executive Network. In all, the Pentagon s Office of Diversity Management and Equal Opportunity (ODME) gave these and other groups north of $300,000, according to a DOD Inspector General report released this month. These are considered  affinity  groups involved with networking or professional associations that are often race, ethnic background or gender based, according to the report.The high-ranking official who violated DOD and government rules by doling out the cash to unqualified  non-federal entities  (NFE) is Clarence Johnson, the DOD s Director of Office of Diversity Management and Equal Opportunity. In 2010 Johnson, a veteran Pentagon official, was assigned to assist the Army in implementing a robust diversity strategy. The position came with a hefty budget to support diversity outreach functions and Johnson launched a cash giveaway, filling the coffers of groups that should not have received public funds. In its report the DOD watchdog concludes that Johnson  improperly co-sponsored NFEs that he had selected.  Auditors found that Johnson spent $301,000 on NFE sponsorships and recommend  corrective action.  The money flowed through a company called New Concepts Management Solutions (NCMS) that was evidently handpicked by Johnson. In 2012, the Office of Diversity Management hired a consulting firm called Deloitte for $480,554 to handle the diversity outreach allocations.Here s a brief breakdown of how some of the money was divided. The Thurgood Marshall College Fund Leadership Institute Conference got $25,000, the Society of American Indian Government Employees got $12,000 for a training conference and a conglomerate called Latina Style Outreach received $20,000. LULAC and the Hispanic Engineer National Achievement Awards Corporation (HENAAC) received $25,000 each. It appears that Johnson knew well that he was violating agency rules when he headed the diversity crusade because the report reveals that the DOD Office of Special Counsel has consistently said that the agency should not  sponsor  non-federal entities like the ones Johnson gave money to. In addition to money, Johnson provided these various groups with logistical manpower compliments of Uncle Sam.It s unlikely that Johnson will face any repercussions for his transgressions or, at most, a weak slap on the hand. He certainly appears confident in testimony to investigators probing his violations.  My job is to grow, or focus on growing, the presence of minorities and women  in government jobs with higher pay scales, Johnson told investigators. He added that the mission of his office is diversity outreach, which involves informing the diverse audience. This is why he seeks affinity groups that have a  national reach  and influence.President Obama has made it his mission to culturally transform government by teaching federal workers about diversity, race and gender, healthcare disparities and cultural competencies. The effort has affected practically every major agency, including the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and Health and Human Services (HHS), among others. It s been a costly initiative for taxpayers. A few months ago a Judicial Watch investigation found that the Obama administration has paid a Chicago-based firm millions of dollars to strengthen the federal workplace with its brand of diversity consulting. This includes two recent DHS contracts for $24,000 and $10,000 and one for $8,500 from the Department of Energy (DOE). Via: Judicial Watch",0
16787,THE REAL TRUTH ABOUT WHY OBAMA Is Planting Muslim Refugees In Small Towns Across America,"This is the best explanation of why Obama and the Democrat party are fighting so hard to keep the US State Department s Refugee Resettlement program going strong.  Please share this with everyone who s been wondering why the Democrats are so eager to bring Muslim immigrants from countries who hate us, to America, while leaving Christian refugees from the same countries behind. To hell with terrorism, the Democrats want to win even if it s at the expense of our national security Looks like my old stomping grounds in Montana are heating up. People there are not taking Obama s plan to force refugees on them lying down. There was a protest in Missoula, Montana recently over that very issue. It is just one of many battles brewing out there in small town America.Small towns in the sparsely populated parts of America are the perfect place to relocate these refugees. Especially, if your agenda includes politically terraforming the country. The West is historically conservative in their politics. Many are Republicans and Libertarians. Even the Democrats hearken back to an earlier time when they were more conservative in nature. Obama and the Democrats can t have that. They need to have an entire country willing to submit to Marxist diktats. They need areas seeded with those who will vote Democrat and ensure that they stay in power no matter what.And it s not just voting demographics that are pushing this move either. I personally believe that there is a warped logic to all of this. That if Islam can be made the predominant religion in America, people will be more easily controlled. That s insane of course and won t work, but there you have it. Instead, Shariah law will be implemented and you will see the same atrocities occurring in Europe happen here. The big difference being, that at least for now, Americans are armed and will use those weapons to protect their neighbors, loved ones and country.Of the 237 Syrian refugees admitted to the U.S. since the attacks in Paris just one has been a Christian. The rest have been Muslims.CNS News reports that according to data from the State Department Refugee Processing Center, since the November 13 attacks the U.S. has admitted 236 Sunni Muslim refugees from Syria and a single Christian   a Greek Orthodox refugee.Bringing in the refugees also moves forward the Cloward and Piven strategy to overwhelm the system so it will collapse and cause chaos in the streets. These people want to tear the system apart, so they can replace it with something truly heinous. The Obama administration will never admit that this is the plan, but can you honestly look at what is going on today and tell me it isn t? Our borders are wide open. We are not vetting anyone to speak of and security here in the US is worse than before 9/11.Communities in states such as Idaho, Montana, North Dakota and Kansas are being infused with Muslim refugees even though they are not wanted by the residents or the local law enforcement. The feds and their leaders are not giving them a choice. Wyoming is the only state currently not participating in the program, but even the governor there wants to jump in it. Living in large cities would be too costly for the refugees and more can be accomplished with seeding them across the plains. In a small town, they can turn everything to their advantage in short order. Since many of our larger cities are already flooded with immigrants from south of the border and from Muslim nations, in many respects they have at least partially fallen to the ploy already. This is the fundamental transformation of America in play. South Carolina, Idaho, Minnesota, North Dakota and Michigan are vigorously fighting against this program and Obama s  change .The same entitlements, jobs, lodging and freebies will be given to these refugees in small town America. But that will mean taking more and more away from locals in these same communities. These immigrants bring crime and disease with them. As crime rises, people will leave which will hasten the take over of these towns. At least that is what Obama and his friends hope for. I pray that people dig in and decide to stay and fight if they can.We haven t learned a damned thing from watching what is going on over in Europe. How do you justify the rapefugees in Germany and Sweden, who treat rape as game for a large number of players at a given event? How can you ignore the violence, the murders, the depravity that is the Ummah? What s wrong with these people? Do money and power mean so much to them that they don t care that they are selling America out to a hellish nightmare movement? Imagine your wives, daughters, mothers, neighbors  little children  subjected to these beasts. What would you do?For entire story: Trevor Loudon ",0
16788,"[VIDEO] “UNBIASED” OREGON RANCHER AND WIFE, SHOCKED By Armed Checkpoints, Snipers: “You just don’t expect it in our lives…We’re Americans….I feel like I’m in Africa”"," I ve never had anybody point a gun at me before. A man came on the loudspeaker and told us to stop, and to get out and have our photo-ID. And they approached us with guns. You just don t expect it in our lives We re Americans.  I mean I feel like I  in Africa or something. I mean, I ve been in Africa at checkpoints before  and it s scary. You never know if you re getting through.   We re in Western United States, we re good people, we re easy to get along with. We don t create trouble. This is alarming. This isn t the attention we want. We re stewards. We re good people. We posted a video released by the FBI showing the shooting death of  LaVoy Finicum, father of 11, who traveled to Oregon from Arizona to join the ranchers protest of the unfair treatment by the Federal Government s BLM agency. Finicum was reportedly shot several times by federal agents during a traffic stop on Highway 395 in Harney County.His daughter, Challis Finch had this to say about her father: He s a great man, and just because he s dead doesn t mean his fight will not go on. He s now a martyr. ",0
16789,FRAUD RUNS RAMPANT: House Votes To End Millionaires’ Abuse Of Low-Income Housing [Video],"The House of Representatives voted Tuesday to end fraud within the Department of Housing and Urban Development that has allowed millionaires to live in low-income housing for as low as $300 per month. Read more: WFBThe effort by the feds will put people in a pickle. Many who can t afford a home will go to apartments. Time to get with the real world and actually get off the dole The Department of Housing and Urban development announced Tuesday that it would consider evicting tens of thousands of public housing residents who earn too much money to qualify for public housing.The announcement comes in response to a July audit from the department s Office of Inspector General that revealed over 25,000 families had an income that exceeded the maximum level to qualify for government-assisted housing. At least one tenant had roughly nearly $1 million in assets.Now the department will reexamine tenant s public housing needs in an effort to root out  over-income  tenants occupying low-income housing that is desperately needed by poorer families. Some of those families significantly exceeded the income limits,  HUD wrote in the Federal Register, warning that  scarce public resources must be provided to those most in need of affordable housing. Currently, federal law does not prohibit over-income families from continuing to live in low-income housing as long as they met the income requirements when they moved in. THIS WILL MAKE YOU REALLY, REALLY MAD:  Now HUD is grappling with whether to evict over-income tenants and how long to give them to find new homes. An increase in income is a good and welcomed event for families, and when a family s income steadily rises, it may be an indication that the family is on its way to self-sufficiency,  HUD wrote. Any changes that would require the termination of tenancy for over-income families should be enacted with caution so as not to impede a family s progress,  the agency continued.The department will seek comment from the public on what to do about over-income families over the next 30 days.The House is expected to vote Tuesday on an Amendment proposed by Rep. Vern Buchanan, Florida Republican, to tighten income asset verification requirements for public housing applicants. It is outrageous that taxpayers are footing the bill for millionaires  housing,  Mr. Buchanan said in a statement.Read more: WT",0
16790,Germany’s Angela Merkel Makes Incredibly Naive Announcement: EVERY MIGRANT MUST LEAVE…After THIS One Condition Is Met…,"Perhaps Merkel should have considered the serious consequences of Germany s compassionate open border policy that allowed over 1 million (mostly) Muslim males to infiltrate their country. German officials essentially granted them permission to rape and sexually assault their women and children while they looked the other way. But that s not all Germany is giving them free food, housing, education and spending money to boot. Does Angela Merkel really believe that when she tells these freeloading Muslim males that it s time to go back home, that they re going to pack up their bags and leave? As Germany s open-door refugee policy comes increasingly under fire, the Chancellor has tried to silence her critics.Despite mounting pressure to cap the number of refugees in the wake of the Cologne sex attacks which saw 130 women sexually assaulted by men, believed to be migrants, Mrs Merkel has stood her ground.Some 1.1million migrants entered Germany last year, many fleeing conflicts in Syria and Iraq.Mrs Merkel said:  We need   to say to people that this is a temporary residential status and we expect that, once there is peace in Syria again, once ISIS has been defeated in Iraq, that you go back to your home country with the knowledge that you have gained. Mrs Merkel said 70 per cent of the refugees who fled to Germany from former Yugoslavia in the 1990s had returned.She urged other European countries to offer more help  because the numbers need to be reduced even further and must not start to rise again, especially in spring .Speaking to a regional meeting of her Christian Democratic Union (CDU), Mrs Merkel said said all EU states should have an interest in protecting the bloc s external borders, and all would suffer if the internal passport-free Schengen zone collapsed and national borders were closed.Peter Altmaier, who Mrs Merkel has tasked with overseeing the government s handling of the refugee crisis, said the government was negotiating with some countries including Turkey about taking back criminal refugees who arrived via non-EU countries.Yeah because what nation in their right mind wouldn t gladly accept  criminal refugees  into their country? Gee, we sure hope Merkel isn t foolish enough to believe there aren t any members of ISIS living comfortably in refugee housing or camps inside their open-borders.Via: Express UK ",0
16791,GOOD GRIEF! HILLARY TELLS ANOTHER WHOPPER Just Hours Before Iowa Caucus [Video],"Ed Henry of FOX News tells us tonight that Hillary Clinton lied again! Just hours before the very important Iowa Caucus, Hillary gives voters another reason not to trust her AND not to vote for her. ",0
16792,DOJ and FBI Are “Super Pissed Off” At Troubling Pattern Of Lawless Obama Covering For Hillary,"On Friday White Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters some officials at the FBI have said Hillary Clinton is not a target of the current investigation.These latest comments by the Obama White House reportedly have FBI and Justice Department officials  Super Pissed Off. Catherine Herridge reported:That statement by Josh Earnest has got the back up of our contacts at the FBI and Justice Department for two reasons  They are SUPER PISSED OFF to use a technical term. Number one, Josh Earnest has absolutely no clearance or visibility in the FBI investigation. Number two, they say it really seems part of a troubling pattern from the White House because the president earlier said he did not see any national security implications to the Clinton emails and then we found out he had never been briefed.Here s the clip:https://youtu.be/K_cNN0cbe_g",0
16793,Oregon Protester’s Interview Voicing Concerns The Day Before He Was Killed [VIDEO],"The haunting words the day before his death will have you questioning so much about how the FBI handled the Oregon standoff.  In the video below, Robert  LaVoy  Finicum speaks out about potential encounters with feds and asked a number of very important questions:We heard his name as a member of a radical group causing trouble in the Oregon woods. Then we saw him on TV as just another talking head. Shortly thereafter we watched in horror as Mr. Finicum was shot dead walking through the snow, leaving his car during an altercation with law enforcement. Now we have a chance to watch and listen as Mr. Finicum explains his concerns about the activities of the FBI and other law enforcement officers as they rattle their sabers in the remote Eastern Oregon town.After he was killed one crucial question remained. Was he pulling out a gun or not? Some insist he was, others say absolutely not, and the helicopter video is unclear.Now however, a second question has reared it s ugly head, the question asked first by Mr. Finicum,  What is going on? Why are they ramping up when we re way out here?We should have as much dialogue and openness is possible. Have you felt the change in the tone and tenor of the Feds out there? We certainly have. We use to walk up to them and talk with FBI agents in a friendly matter, unarmed and stuff but the tenor has change, they have become more hardened and when they step out of their vehicles now they re stepping out with their their their rifles and they re not willing to engage in just friendly dialogue. .  Then I m assuming that you re aware of all the extra vehicles that they re bringing in, the increase in man power that they re ramping up, and we re saying,  why the rattling of the saber? Why when we re so far away from anybody out here in the middle of nowhere, why are you ramping up? Why do you fly your planes over us nonstop and why do you have your drones, cause they re droning us now, and they re actually flying their photographer planes. They re doing all the things that shows that they want to take some kinetic action against us.  The interviewer then asked:  Do you really feel like they re ramping it up, that they re gonna take some sort of, as you said, kinetic action?  All their behaviour is in, like in the preparation of a campaign of some sort and whether it s just a saber rattling to intimidate or where they actually mean it, we don t know. All we know is what we see, so what you re also seeing is the uptick in the saber-rattling from the feds because they do not want to let go of this, they do not intend on leaving here . . . and we do not intent giving it back to them.  ",0
16794,HYSTERICAL…THE DEMOCRAT CONVENTION Schedule Is Revealed,"LOL! You ll want to share this with everyone Democrat Convention ScheduleMonday, 25 July 2016 11:30 AM Free lunch, medical marijuana, and bus ride to the Convention. Forms distributed for Food Stamp enrollment.2:30 PM Group Voter Registration for Undocumented Immigrants.5:00 PM Opening Flag Burning Ceremony Sponsored by CNNTuesday, 26 July 2016 9:00 AM Address on  Being the Real You  Rachel Dolezal, former Head of the Seattle NAACP10:30 PM  How to Bank $200 Million as a public Servant and claim to be broke  Hillary Clinton2:00 PM  How to have a successful career without ever having a job, and still avoid paying taxes! A Seminar Moderated by Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson5:00 PM Medals of Freedom presentation to Army deserter Bo Berghdal Baltimore Looters Wednesday, 27 July 2016 8:30 AM Invitation-only Autograph Session Souvenir photographs of Hillary and  Chelsea dodging Sniper Fire in Bosnia9:00 AM Tribute to All of the 57 States Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi9:30 AM General vote on praising Baltimore rioters, and on using the terminology  Alternative Shoppers  instead of  Looters 11:00 AM The White House  Semantics Committee  Meeting General vote on re-branding  Muslim Terrorism  as  Random Acts of Islamic Over-Exuberance 1:00 PM  Liberal Bias in Media   How we can make it work for you  Tutorial sponsored by CBS, NBC, ABC, CNN, PBS, the Washington Post and the New York Times with Guest Speaker, Brian Williams3:00 PM Tribute Film to the Brave Freedom Fighters still incarcerated at GITMO Michael Moore5:00 PM Personal Finance Seminar    Businesses Don t Create Jobs  Hillary ClintonThursday, 28 July 2016 9:00 AM Group Condemnation of Bitter Gun Owners.9:30 AM Ceremonial  We Surrender  Waving of the White Flag to Afghanistan, Russia, and ISIS.10:00 AM Short film,  Setting Up Your Own Illegal  Email Server While Serving in A  Cabinet Post and How to Pretend  It s No Big Deal  Hosted by Hillary Clinton11:00 AM Announcement of VP Nominee Chris Stevens, with a quick rebuttal and withdrawal when Hillary realizes he s someone she got killed in Benghazi11:30 AM Official Nomination of Hillary Bill Maher and Chris Matthews",0
16795,“FAIR SHOT” OBAMA Wants To Force Companies To Report Gender Pay For Employees [VIDEO],"This new effort to have companies report to the government is really rich. If you look at this subjectively, it s kind of a crazy idea. There might be reasons within a company as to why a certain employee gets paid less. This is up to the employee and employer to work out payment. Does anyone else see the Nanny State in this new regulation?The Obama administration is proposing new regulations that would require large employers to disclose how much they pay men and women, the latest move in President Obama s efforts to equalize wages.The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Friday published a plan to begin gathering pay data from employers with 100 or more workers, looking at information on gender, race and ethnicity. The government will use the information to target companies that may be discriminating against women for enforcement action. ",0
16796,"BAN THE BURQA! Women Wearing A Burqa In Switzerland Could Face $9,000 Fine","Do you agree with Switzerland s decision? Should America follow suit with European countries who are saying  no  to the burqa?Women who wear burqas and full face veils in public in a Swiss state could be fined up to $9000 under new rules imposed after a local referendum.Females muslims will be banned from wearing the burqa in shops, restaurants or public buildings in the Italian-speaking canton of Ticino.The local government in the southern Swiss state approved the ban after a referendum in September 2013 saw two in three voters backing the move.According to the Local, the Ticino government had wanted to ban burqas and niqabs as well as masks worn by demonstrators and balaclavas. Via: 911 ",0
16797,"WERE HIS HANDS UP? NEW VIDEO EMERGES Showing FBI Shooting And Killing Father of 11, And Oregon Protester In Face","This is such a sad, tragic and misunderstood story by so many. Was the now deceased father of 11, LaVoy Finicum simply defending his rights as defined in the U.S. Constitution, or did he cross the line?Oregon protest leader Ammon Bundy and seven others were arrested Tuesday night. Protester LaVoy Finicum was killed in the confrontation with police and the FBI.video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo playerThe daughter of Malheur Refuge occupation spokesman LaVoy Finicum, reportedly killed by federal agents during a traffic stop north of Burns, said Wednesday her father was a loving man and loved freedom more than his life.Finicum s daughter Thara Lynn Tenney posted a message on her Facebook page last night asserting that her father had already surrendered before he was gunned down.  I want the world to know how my father was murdered today. His hands were in the air and he was shot in the face by the American authorities. Ammon Bundy reported there are 6 witnesses to this evil,  wrote Tenney.Her testimony was echoed by another eyewitness, Victoria Sharp, who was in the car with Finicum when the group were pulled over by cops and federal agents. Sharp claims that Finicum put his hands out of the car window and asked the police to allow the women to leave the car.  They shot at him, but they missed him,  said Sharp, adding that the group then attempted to drive away in the car but were shot at again by police.  When we crashed and stopped for a second, he got out of the car, he had his hands in the air, he s like  just shoot me then .and they did, they shot him dead,  said Sharp.Challice Finch said she is heading back to Arizona from her home in Texas to be with her family.Finch s father reportedly was killed by federal agents during a traffic stop on Highway 395 in Harney County, law enforcement officials are quoted as saying.The traffic stop led to the arrest of Ammon Bundy and several militia members, who appeared in U.S. District Court in Portland Wednesday afternoon.LaVoy Finicum had told reporters he would die before he would go to prison.Finicum, a rancher from Colorado City, Arizona, traveled several hundred miles to join the Bundy militia at the refuge.Now there s video  The FBI released video of LaVoy Finicum s shooting. He had his hands up. He s a great man, and just because he s dead doesn t mean his fight will not go on. He s now a martyr,  Finch said.Nevada Assemblywoman Michelle Fiore tweeted  My heart and prayers go out to the LaVoy Finicum s family. He was just murdered with his hands up in Burns, OR. Ryan Bundy has been shot in the arm. Federal agents say all in the two obeyed orders to surrender, except for two people, Finicum and Ryan Bundy.Finch said her father texted her hours before leaving to meet with the Grant County Sheriff Glenn Palmer on Tuesday, a trip interrupted by the fateful traffic stop. He sent me a text to just check on me, making sure that I was doing good and to remember to pray and to let me know that he was thinking of me, and that he loved me and was praying for me every day.  Finch said.On Wednesday Cliven Bundy, father of Ammon Bundy, told reporters his son told him the FBI murdered militia spokesman LaVoy Finicum with his hands up. LaVoy Finicum was murdered. Cold-blooded murder. They shot him with his hands up. https://youtu.be/kkIw2F6cfeoVia: Gateway Pundit",0
16798,OBAMA’S RADICAL DHS Chief Vows To “Protect” Muslims From Americans During Speech At DC Mosque,"The Muslims faith must be protected at all costs it s the Obama way During a news briefing delivered at the All Dulles Area Muslim Society mosque in Washington, D.C., following the San Bernardino shooting, Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson vowed to  protect  Muslims from the same sort of  fear, suspicions and prejudice  that haunted suspected communists during the era of McCarthyism.And in making this vow, Johnson specifically pointed to his grandfather, reported the government watchdog group Judicial Watch, whose members managed to observe the briefing despite the mosque s leaders attempting to kick them out. In 1949, during the McCarthy era, my own grandfather was called upon to testify before the House Un-American Activities Committee, to deny he was a member of the Communist Party and defend the patriotism of African-Americans,  Johnson said.  Today his grandson is responsible for the homeland security of this entire nation. Johnson sees a connection between the actions of deceased Sen. Joseph McCarthy, who used unsubstantiated accusations of communism to target anyone who dared criticize either him or the federal government, and the burgeoning movement to clamp down on radical Islamic terrorism. As Muslim terrorism hits closer and closer to home, our Homeland Security chief views the war on Islamic terrorism as a another Red scare, where Muslim terrorist suspects are Red-baited like his grandfather,  the editorial board for Investor s Business Daily wrote regarding this revelation.  No wonder this administration isn t interested in monitoring radical Muslims for terrorist connections. The irony seems thick, given that the only ones behaving like McCarthy have been President Barack Obama and his cronies, including Johnson, all of whom use disingenuous labels like Islamophobe and bigot to shut down anyone who dares speak critically about Islam or point out its obvious ties to radical terrorism. Via: CT",0
16799,CLASSIC VIDEO: Angry Woman Nails It Describing “Deadbeat Mamas” Pampered With Gov’t Money [Video],This woman nails it! LANGUAGE ALERT! ,0
16800,REVOLUTION: The Patriot Spring Is Coming,"The Patriot Spring is coming This excellent piece by Geert Wilders predicts an awakening of national pride in Europe and in America A revolution,  Wikipedia says,  is a fundamental change in political power or organizational structures that take place in a relatively short period of time when the population rises up in revolt against the current authorities. In Europe and America, revolutions are brewing. They are peaceful and democratic, but they are going to send the elites home that are running our nations into the ground.I have just reread Ronald Reagan s 1982 Westminster speech, in which he predicted that freedom and democracy would soon send the communist dictatorships in Eastern Europe and Russia to  the ash heap of history. Reagan spoke of  Poland s struggle to be Poland.  And today, three decades later, history is about to repeat itself in the United States and in several West European countries. Of course, I am not comparing our current political elite with the Communist dictatorships with their prison cells for dissidents, but the fight of a nation to be itself, remain itself and defend its identity, that fight is also being waged today.We are witnessing America s struggle to be America, and the struggle of several European nations, among them the Netherlands, Britain, France, Germany and many others to preserve their identity and liberty, to remain the Netherlands, Britain, France, Germany. Everywhere, patriots are on the march. We are living the Patriot Spring.Everywhere, democratic revolutions are underway. They will drive the elites from power. People are sick and tired of seeing their nations lose. They are fed up with how the political and media elites are weakening their country. They want to regain their national sovereignty from supranational organizations such as the European Union. They want to get rid of the fake parliaments that sell out the national interests because they no longer stand for what the majority of the people want. They want brave and patriot politicians in the legislatures. They also want more direct democracy, so that the people can correct those who misrepresent them.For decades, Westerners have been told by their elites that multiculturalism was a virtue and patriotism a thing of the past. The values of the middle classes with their common sense, rooted in the traditions and morals passed down by their parents, were undermined and ridiculed by the mindless political correctness of the educational system, the government apparatus, and the mainstream media. The economic prosperity of the people was squandered by high taxes, foolish monetary experiments, and bailouts for foreign countries.  Our nation first  became  our nation last. The elites applaud politicians such as German Chancellor Angela Merkel. President Obama praised her for her leadership. Time dubbed her  Chancellor of the Free World,  for one single reason. Because she has foolishly sold out the safety and wellbeing of her own people to hordes of largely male fortune seekers who rather than fight for their own country, have come to live on German taxpayers  money.Frau Merkel is not the only Western politician conducting policies that harm the interests of her own people. In fact, most of our Western leaders, including my own Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte, are politically correct adherents of detrimental open door policies. Before the year in which Angela Merkel became  Person of the Year  was over, Germany experienced its own sexual 9/11. On New Year s Eve in Cologne alone, over 1,000 women were assaulted, groped, raped. So far, 30 suspects have been caught. All of them North-Africans, and half of those asylum seekers. Also in other West European countries we see a rise of  sexual  assaults.Unlike the ruling elites in politics, media, and academia, ordinary people recognize an existential threat when they see one. Years ago already, they have begun to realize that the democratic institutions in their national capitals no longer represent the will of the people. They realize that time is running out for the West, and that the moment has come for a democratic revolution to halt the folly of the elites, otherwise our superior Western civilization will perish, our nation will change beyond recognition, and our children s future will be endangered. It is clear what millions of Europeans and Americans want. They want to protect national sovereignty, stop the tsunami of asylum seekers, close the borders to mass immigration, stop spending their taxes on foreigners, they want leaders who truly represent them and defend the national interest. They do not want their countries to be Islamized.And that is why we should add a new chapter to the long list of historical examples of people standing up for democracy and freedom. Let us add the Patriot Spring of 2016 to the list. And let us all be part of it.Geert Wilders, a member of the Dutch Parliament, is the leader of the Dutch Party for Freedom (PVV) and the author of  Marked for Death: Islam s War Against the West and Me,  published by Regnery.Via: Breitbart",0
16801,WARNING: FEDS PREDICT $30 TRILLION DOLLAR DEBT Because Of These Two Key Things,"You can blame the escalating debt on Obamacare and taxes We can thank Obama for this The federal government will be flirting with $30 trillion in debt within a decade, the Congressional Budget Office reported Monday, blaming an aging population, new spending and tax cuts approved on Capitol Hill, and the growing burden from Obamacare for erasing the progress Washington had made over the past few years.Analysts said Obamacare will chase more workers out of the labor force over the next five years, adding pressure to an economy still struggling to spring to life more than seven years into the Obama recovery.The Affordable Care Act itself is still struggling to attract a customer base, the CBO said, lowering its estimate for the number of people who will sign up for the exchanges from 21 million to 13 million   a drop of nearly 40 percent in projections. Customers collecting taxpayer subsidies this year will be 11 million, down from the 15 million the CBO projected a year ago.The grim news comes with less than a year left for President Obama to put the law on firmer footing as he seeks to head off what is likely to be a last effort at repealing the act after November s elections.The economic front is somewhat brighter for Mr. Obama, who seven years into the recovery will finally see significant sustained growth of 2.5 percent this year and 2.6 percent next year, the CBO said.That will be followed by a cooling off, with growth dropping below 2 percent in 2019 and 2020. The economic gains will continue to go disproportionately to the wealthy, helping boost income tax revenue but limiting payroll taxes, which will put even more pressure on the entitlement programs that are driving up deficits.The biggest fiscal dent, however, was made late last year when Mr. Obama and the Republican-run Congress struck a deal. The president won significant spending hikes, and Republicans insisted on a new round of special tax breaks that, combined, reversed years of progress and added nearly $750 billion to projected deficits over the next decade. After six consecutive years in which the deficit has declined relative to the size of the economy, this year s deficit   at 2.9 percent of gross domestic product (GDP)   is anticipated to increase for the first time since it peaked at 9.8 percent in 2009,  the CBO said.Deficits will continue to rise over the next 10 years, topping $1 trillion again in 2022 and reaching $1.4 trillion in 2026, the analysts said.The accumulation of those deficits will deepen the gross public debt from $18.1 trillion at the end of 2015 to $29.3 trillion in 2026. By contrast, the debt stood at $10.6 trillion when Mr. Obama took office in 2009.Looking decades into the future, the picture only gets worse, the CBO said.READ MORE: WT",0
16802,FLINT RESIDENTS TOLD TO PAY BILLS FOR POISON WATER Or They May Have Their Children Taken Away,"You seriously can t make this up. This Democrat run city is officially out of control. We reported before that the EPA knew about this crisis long before they told anyone, yet the media and the Left continues to try to pin the blame squarely on Michigan s Republican Governor. This latest threat is just another  black eye  for the officials handling the Flint, MI water crisis As the water crisis in Flint deepens, it is becoming apparent that the effects of the lead-infested water are not just a health hazard, but the situation has the potential of ruining many more lives outside of the poison issue. There is no denying that the water in Flint is undrinkable and that it is contaminated with lead and other substances, and it is clear that the government of Flint is responsible for the problem.However, the city s government continues to charge people for the poison water and then threatening to foreclose their home or take their children if they refuse to pay. Michigan law states that parents are neglectful if they do not have running water in their home, and if they chose not to pay for water they can t drink anyway, then they could be guilty of child endangerment.Activists in Flint say that some residents have already received similar threats from the government if they refuse to pay their bills.Flint residents have recently filed two class action lawsuits calling for all water bills since April of 2014 to be considered null and void because of the fact that the water was poisonous. We are seeking for the court to declare that all the bills that have been issued for usage of water invalid because the water has not been fit for its intended purpose,  said Trachelle Young, one of the attorneys bringing the lawsuit, in court. Essentially, the residents have been getting billed for water that they cannot use. Because of that, we do not feel that is a fair way to treat the residents,  Young added.Recent estimates have indicated that it could take up to 15 years and over $60 million to fix the problem, and the residents will be essentially forced to live there until the problem is solved. Despite the fact that the issue is obviously the government s responsibility, they have made it illegal for people to sell their homes because of the fact that they are known to carry contaminated water. Meanwhile, residents are still left to purchase bottled water on their own, in addition to paying their water bill.Although this problem is finally getting national media attention in Flint, they aren t the only city with contaminated water supplies. In fact, a recent report published by The Guardian showed that public water supplies across the country were experiencing similar issues.This crisis highlights the many dangers of allowing the government to maintain a monopoly on the water supply and calls attention to the fact that decentralized solutions to water distribution should be a goal that we start working towards.Via: DC Clothesline",0
16803,TOM DELAY DROPS A BOMB On What FBI Sources Say About Clinton E-mail Scandal [Video]," One way or another, she s going to have to face these charges    Former Republican Congressman Tom Delay Note that Tom Delay says the  FBI is ready to indict . The FBI cannot indict but the DOJ can indict. If the DOJ chooses not to indict, Hillary will be tried in the court of public opinion. This will be an interesting test for DOJ Director Loretta Lynch. The revelation that the Clinton team took highly classified e-mails and copy and pasted them is a big bombshell in itself. Just a bunch of amateurs on this team  ",0
16804,OBAMA FEAR MONGERING: Republican Party Becoming “Unrecognizable”,"Leave it to Obama to take to fear mongering to try and convince voters to vote for socialism What a putz!President Obama would much rather critique the Republican presidential race than the Democratic contest between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, arguing that the GOP is headed way beyond the political mainstream. To me, the relevant contrast is not between Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton, but (the) relevant contrast is between Bernie and Hillary and Donald Trump and Ted Cruz and the vision that they re portraying for the country,  Obama told Politico in an interview.Voters need to pay attention to  the degree to which the Republican rhetoric and Republican vision has moved not just to the right but has moved to a place that is unrecognizable,  Obama said.Obama told Politico the gap between Democrats and Republicans   on  everything from tax policy to immigration to foreign policy    is as wide as he has seen.There were  real differences  with GOP nominee John McCain during the 2008 election, Obama said,  but John McCain didn t deny climate science. John McCain didn t call for banning Muslims from the United States. You know, John McCain was a conservative, but he was well within, you know, the mainstream of not just the Republican Party but within our political dialogue. Via: USA Today ",0
16805,HUGE SECURITY LAPSE: International Flight Passengers Skip Customs,"Skipping customs at JFK might seem like a great thing for passengers arriving on an international flight BUT those passengers might be putting all Americans in danger by doing so. For the second time in a few months, a flight into JFK let passengers bypass customs. JFK is known to have a brutal customs time that can be up to two hours but the choice should be obvious just do it: New York remains the number one target for terrorists and it just made me think of Paris and how easy it would be for them to get in,  he said.  It s incompetence like this that could lead to another attack. Passengers arriving at Kennedy Airport on an international flight were allowed to exit the busy hub without going through Customs   for at least the second time in recent months.Bumbling airline and security officials let travelers on American Airlines Flight 1223 from Cancun, Mexico, out of the airport on Monday morning without having their passports or bags checked, sources told The News.The security lapse mirrored a similar incident involving another American Airlines flight in November.A 34-year-old man who had been in Cancun to attend three Phish concerts told The News he was able to glide from the plane to the baggage claim area without having to endure the usual maze of Customs and Border Protection security checks. It s absolutely absurd,  the business adviser said.  To think that anyone could be walking off of that plane and just get right into the city. It could be terrorists, El Chapo s henchmen, anyone. The jam band fan said he even approached a Transportation Security Administration agent near the exit, but was told he was free to go.A man who had been in Cancun to attend three Phish concerts told The News he was able to glide from the plane to the baggage claim area without having to endure Customs and Border Protection security checks.  I told them what happened and asked them what should I do,  the passenger said.  They said to me  That s fine, you re OK. Go ahead.   Several other concertgoers who were on the flight were already outside at the curbside cab line when he exited the airport.Neither the TSA, which screens passengers before they fly, nor the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, part of the Department of Homeland Security, responded to a request for comment.It was unclear how many of the passengers from the flight were able to skip the security checkpointsHours after the plane landed, American Airline officials pleaded with the Manhattan man   and presumably other passengers   to return to Kennedy and complete the customs process. I apologize for any inconvenience this may be for you; however it is a Customs requirement that every passenger entering the United States must clear Customs,  the airline wrote in an email sent to passengers. You could tell that they knew they screwed up and were desperate to get me to come,  the passenger added.The oversight sparked fears that terrorists could easily slip into the country without having to pass through any checkpoints. New York remains the number one target for terrorists and it just made me think of Paris and how easy it would be for them to get in,  he said.  It s incompetence like this that could lead to another attack. A nearly identical incident involving another American Airlines flight from Cancun unfolded in November, just two days after ISIS released a video threatening New York City with a terrorist attack, The News reported. ISIS THREAT TO NYC: Via: NYDN",0
16806,WHITES NEED NOT APPLY: OBAMA’S NEW MORTGAGE SCAM Targets High Risk Minority Immigrants,"Here we go again NO CREDIT, NO PROBLEM Obama has a new program called HOME READY that focuses on getting immigrants into mortgages. Fannie Mae says that 1 in 4 Hispanic households share dwellings   and finances   with extended families. It says this is a large  underserved  market.  The catch is that, for the first time this lets lenders qualify borrowers by counting income from non-borrowers living in the household.  What could possibly go wrong? You guessed it HOUSING BUBBLE 2016/2017. Remember that this is what Obama did in Chicago long before he was president. His effort along with ACORN was to target anyone who refused a home loan and accuse them of discrimination: Obama helped Chicago ACORN s campaign to intimidate banks into making high-risk loans to low-credit customers, Stanley Kurtz reported.  Eric Holder was also heavily involved in the same targeting.See also: UNREAL! OBAMA ADMIN PRESSURES LENDERS TO LOAN TO HIGH-RISK SECTION 8 WELFARE TAKERSRemember the mantra when Obama was first in office? He believes everyone should be a home owner but what he doesn t say is how the responsible American taxpayer would be footing the bill. Obama and Holder went after the banks if they refused a potential minority mortgage customer. Now we have this new program that targets another minority in an attempt to garner votes for the Dems. The 2008 housing market collapse was bad enough, but it appears now that we re on the verge of experiencing it all again. And the financial sequel, working from a similar script as its original version, could prove to be just as devastating to the American taxpayer.The Federal National Mortgage Association (commonly referred to as Fannie Mae) plans a mortgage loan reboot, which could produce the same insane and predictable results as when the mortgage agency loaned so much money to people who had neither the income, nor credit history, to qualify for a traditional loan.The Obama administration proposes the HomeReady program, a new mortgage program largely targeting high-risk immigrants, which, writes Investors.com,  for the first time lets lenders qualify borrowers by counting income from nonborrowers living in the household. What could go wrong? The question should answer itself.The administration apparently believes that by changing the dirty words  subprime  to  alternative  mortgages, the process will be more palatable to the public. But, as Investor s notes, instead of the name HomeReady, which will offer the mortgages,  It might as well be called DefaultReady, because it is just as risky as the subprime junk Fannie was peddling on the eve of the crisis. Before the 2008 housing bubble burst, one s mortgage fitness was supposed to be based on the income of the borrower, the person whose name would be on the deed and who was responsible for making timely monthly payments. Under this new scheme   and scheme is what it is   the combined income of everyone living in the house will be considered for a conventional home loan backed by Fannie. One may even claim income from people not living in the home, such as the borrower s parents.If, or as recent history proves, when the approved borrower defaults, who will pay? Taxpayers, of course, not the politicians and certainly not those associated with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, whose leaders made out like the bandits they were during the last mortgage go-round. As CNNMoney reported in 2011,  Mortgage finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac received the biggest federal bailout of the financial crisis. And nearly $100 million of those tax dollars went to lucrative pay packages for top executives, filings show. In case further reminders are needed of the outrageous behavior of financial institutions that contributed to the housing market collapse and a recession whose pain is still being felt by many, Goldman Sachs has agreed to a civil settlement of up to $5 billion for its role associated with the marketing and selling of faulty mortgage securities to investors.Go see the film  The Big Short  to be reminded of the cynicism of many in the financial industry. It follows on the heels of the HBO film  Too Big to Fail,  which revealed how politicians and banks were part of the scam that harmed just about everyone but themselves.According to The New York Times, only one top banker, Kareem Serageldin, went to prison for concealing hundreds of millions in losses in Credit Suisse s mortgage-backed securities portfolio. Many more should have joined him.Under the latest mortgage proposal, it s no credit, no problem. An immigrant can qualify with a credit score as low as 620. That s subprime. And the borrower has only to put 3 percent down.Investor s reports,  Fannie says that 1 in 4 Hispanic households share dwellings   and finances   with extended families. It says this is a large  underserved  market. Is this another cynical attempt by Democrats, along with protecting illegal immigrants, to win Hispanic votes without regard to the potential cost to taxpayers? Wasn t that the problem during the last housing market collapse? Could it happen again? Sure it could. Do politicians care? It doesn t appear so.Via: Rapid City Journal",0
16807,SAUDI ARABIA’S Secret Holding Of U.S. Debt A Big Deal,"America has a  special arrangement  with the Saudis to keep secret the amount of our debt they own:  The special arrangement, born out of the 1973 oil shock following the Arab embargo, is just one small concession among many that successive U.S. administrations have made over the years to maintain America s strategic relationship with the Saudi royal family   and its access to the kingdom s deep reserves of oil. It s a secret of the vast U.S. Treasury market, a holdover from an age of oil shortages and mighty petrodollars: Just how much of America s debt does Saudi Arabia own?But now that question   unanswered since the 1970s, under an unusual blackout by the U.S. Treasury Department   has come to the fore as Saudi Arabia is pressured by plunging oil prices and costly wars in the Middle East.In the past year alone, Saudi Arabia burned through about $100 billion of foreign-exchange reserves to plug its biggest budget shortfall in a quarter-century. For the first time, it s also considering selling a piece of its crown jewel   state oil company Saudi Aramco. The signs of strain are prompting concern over Saudi Arabia s outsize position in the world s largest and most important bond market.A big risk is that the kingdom is selling some of its Treasury holdings, believed to be among the largest in the world, to raise needed dollars. Or could it be buying, looking for a port in the latest financial storm? As a matter of policy, the Treasury has never disclosed the holdings of Saudi Arabia, long a key ally in the volatile Middle East, and instead groups it with 14 other mostly OPEC nations including Kuwait, the United Arab Emirates and Nigeria. For more than a hundred other countries, from China to the Vatican, the Treasury provides a detailed breakdown of how much U.S. debt each holds.Read more: Bloomberg News",0
16808,VIRAL VIDEO: German Youth Deliver Powerful Anti-Refugee Message To Political Leaders: “We are ready for the Reconquista!”,"Reconquista, English Reconquest, in medieval Spain and Portugal, a series of campaigns by Christian states to recapture territory from the Muslims (Moors), who had occupied most of the Iberian Peninsula in the early 8th century.They may be young, but they re taking a clear and decisive stand against a government who clearly has no concern for their faith, their heritage, the rich history of their nation, an unbiased education or the future of the citizens of Germany.This is a powerful message and needs to be share with everyone:Translated from YouTube:A youth is forming to recapture their identity! #ZukunftEuropaA generation, a fate one last chance!This is not just a motto, but daily incentive of a movement that sees itself as a living covenant and as a community of fate! We are a movement of young people who resists the left liberal indoctrination!We can no longer remain silent! We see how the values and cultural decline progresses, as our home and our traditions are increasingly destroyed and how the freedom of political correctness gives way.We are united by fate to be the last generation that can turn things around again! What unites us is the self-knowledge to be the phalanx, which it needs to take action against the self-destructive, prevailing multicultural ideology that drives the mass immigration and Islamization, and thus the ultimate disappearance of thousands of years old family of nations and cultural tradition called Europe.We stand together in our quest to protect our homeland, the restoration of freedom and sovereignty of our country and fight for the preservation of our ethno cultural identity!But with idealism alone this fight is not to lead! Courage, dedication and sacrifice will not suffice to stand up as a young person against the predominant players in the debt pride and multicultural madness for a livable Germany. We need your support! ",0
16809,"FLASHBACK: BERNIE SANDERS’ Socialist Democrat Party Asks, “Why Not Peace With Hitler?” [VIDEO]","If I found out my college-age daughter was attending a Bernie Sanders rally, she would #FeelTheBern when her tuition payments were shut off. And for all of the parents who say  it s just a phase  or  they ll eventually come around,  you re not teaching your kids anything. If your child is out campaigning for a declared Democrat Socialist, whose primary goal it is to take what you ve earned and give it to someone else, you should be ashamed of yourself for providing financial support to your self-absorbed child.We live in the greatest nation on earth. It s hard to even fathom that we have a declared Democrat-Socialist even registering in the polls.  Here s a great flashback video that was taken in NYC in 1941, and posted by Weasel Zippers.  It perfectly illustrates what the pacifist, Socialist Democrat party is all about. Can you imagine what our world would look like today if the majority of Americans took these people seriously?We ve spent the last 7 years watching our President go from nation to nation apologizing for the greatness of America. We don t need another pacifist leading our nation, we need strong leader who will restore our international reputation. We need a President who believes in the greatness of America and will do everything in their power to reverse the damage our current President has done.Make sure you share this video with friends and family. ",0
16810,COMEDY GOLD ON DETROIT NEWS: “Willy” Dumps His Tires In The Wrong Spot [Video],Charlie LeDuff is legend in Detroit but this is a classic: ,0
16811,IS LONDON About To Elect Its First MUSLIM Mayor? [VIDEO],London is about to find out why putting political correctness before your country is a bad idea By BI: Sooner than you think if the Labour (far left) Party has anything to do with it. Labour has chosen Sadiq Khan as its candidate for Mayor of Londonistan in 2016   a Muslim career politician with strong sympathies for Islamic radicals and extremists.https://youtu.be/dHOYOrThmdsVia: Shoebat.com,0
16812,SHOCKED! FORMER CIA DOUBLE AGENT: Hillary Played ‘Russian Roulette’ With Spies’ Lives [Video],"Morten Storm is a former CIA Double Agent who s shocked by the ineptness of our former Secretary of State in her lack of security with top secret info related to American spies: He said that during his time infiltrating Al Qaeda for the CIA if he had learned that U.S. government officials were treating highly classified intelligence so haphazardly, he would not have worked with them. ",0
16813,FBI WARNS Of Potential Terror Attack At SUPER BOWL…White House Completely Silent,"Wouldn t it be great if the Obama administration came out with something regarding the terror risk revealed by the FBI?FBI officials sent out a memo warning of terrorist attacks at Super Bowl 50 that could take out the entire fiber-optics system that feeds the arena. If the fiber-optic cables get cut, it impacts financial institutions, impacts Silicon Valley,  said retired assistant Special Agent in Charge Jeffrey Harp, to KPIX 5.  It impacts a lot of infrastructure in that area. The FBI said it hadn t received a specific threat about the Super Bowl. But agents also said they ve identified several danger zones outside the stadium they re going to protect as well, CBS News reported. It s the lone wolf,  Harp said.  It s the individual who is self-radicalized that creates a problem that you can t detect. There s only so much the FBI can do with regard to surveillance within the guidelines of the Constitution. If someone were to use a drone to disperse something,  he said, CBS News reported,  it could be a potentially hazardous situation. Given that his beloved Chicago Bears were pretty much out of contention on the first week of the regular season, President Barack Obama hasn t really paid that much attention to the Super Bowl. That doesn t mean other people aren t, though   including the savages of the Islamic State group.An FBI bulletin claimed there was a significant threat to this year s Super Bowl 50   being held on Feb. 7 at Levi s Stadium in Santa Clara, California   from terrorist groups. There s going to be law enforcement secreted around the stadium that you are not going to see or know about. They are there,  retired FBI Assistant Special Agent In Charge Jeffrey Harp told reporters. If the fiber optic cables get cut, it impacts financial institutions, impacts Silicon Valley, it impacts a lot of infrastructure in that area,  Harp added.Several attacks have already been carried out against fiber optic systems in the Bay Area, disrupting Silicon Valley s extensive tech industry. None of those crimes have been solved.Via: WNDVia: Conservative Tribune",0
16814,BREAKING: NORTH KOREA Detains American Student For “Hostile Act”,"Apparently it takes just one American student to destroy the unity in North Korea:North Korea has detained a U.S. university student, the third western citizen known to be held in the isolated state, for committing a  hostile act  and wanting to  destroy the country s unity , it said on Friday.and was detained at Pyongyang airport on Jan. 2 ahead of a flight back to China, said Gareth Johnson of Young Pioneer Tours, which organized the visit.According to the North s official KCNA news agency, Warmbier entered North Korea as a tourist and  was caught committing a hostile act against the state , which it said was  tolerated and manipulated by the U.S. government .ADVERTISINGAn official at the U.S. embassy in the South Korean capital Seoul said it was aware of the reported arrest. The U.S. State Department in Washington had no immediate comment.Johnson said China-based Young Pioneer Tours was in contact with Warmbier s family and U.S. officials. We are in touch with Otto s family, the U.S. State Department and the Embassy of Sweden in Pyongyang and doing all we can to secure his release,  Johnson told Reuters.The Swedish Embassy represents U.S. interests in North Korea.KCNA said Warmbier had entered the country with an  aim to destroy the country s unity . It did not elaborate.Via: Reuters",0
16815,"TREASON? White House Says It’s “Entirely likely,” “Even expected” Iran Will Use $Billions In Sanctions Relief For Terrorism [VIDEO]","So can anyone please explain what the U.S. got in return for Obama s brilliant  nuclear deal? White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Thursday it was  entirely likely  and  even expected  that Iran will continue to support terrorism as it receives tens of billions of dollars in sanctions relief through the Iran nuclear deal.The deal brokered by the Obama administration and other world powers gives Iran, the world s largest state sponsor of terrorism, $100 billion in sanctions relief in exchange for compliance with the agreement meant to stop the rogue regime from getting nuclear weapons.After Secretary of State John Kerry acknowledged Thursday that  some  Iran deal money would go to terrorists, CBS reporter Margaret Brennan asked Earnest at the White House briefing whether he agreed. I think that reflects his rather logical conclusion that a nation that supports terrorism may use some of the money that s coming into the country to further support terrorism,  Earnest said.  The thing that s important for people to recognize is that critics of this agreement often exaggerate the value of the sanctions relief that Iran will obtain, and they often overlook the rather severe economic priorities that are badly underfunded inside of Iran. Earnest said the White House had been honest about acknowledging that the nuclear deal would not assuage their concerns about Iran s  bad behavior. It is entirely likely, I think it s even expected, that Iran will continue to support terrorism, but because of Iran s intention that we assess to continue to support terrorism, that s what makes it so important that we prevent them from obtaining a nuclear weapon,  Earnest said. To be clear, what you re saying is while, some may conclude, and it would be logical to conclude, that some monies may flow to groups labeled terrorists, you think you can mitigate the threat, but you do say it could flow there,  Brennan said. Via: WFB",0
16816,CIA INSPECTOR: “Hillary endangered lives” FORMER JUDGE: Hillary Is A “Prime candidate for prosecution”,"Poor Hillary, she s always the victim of some Right-Wing conspiracy When members of Congress are not allowed to see the contents of the emails Hillary had on her private UNSECURED server that s a pretty big deal!The government intelligence in Hillary Clinton s private emails as secretary of state is sometimes considered so sensitive that some congressmen have been hindered in their ability to even read them, a new report Thursday says.The material in the emails is classified at a level above  top secret,  Fox reported, meaning that some lawmakers have been required to sign new agreements not to reveal their contents. The situation highlights the sensitivity of the information that is being pored over, despite Clinton s long habit of downplaying their significance.A level above  top secret  is considered subject to  special access programs,  requiring the additional security because of the increased sensitivity.Congressional reviewers who scoured the SAP information in Clinton s emails already had Top Secret/Sensitive Compartmented clearance   the highest level of security clearance   but were required to sign extra non-disclosure agreements.Last week, Intelligence Community Inspector General I. Charles McCullough III wrote senior lawmakers to advise them that  several dozen  additional classified emails have been identified   including specific intelligence from special access programs. In a later interview with National Public Radio, Clinton downplayed the IG letter and claimed it was politically biased.  This seems to me to be, you know, another effort to inject this into the campaign, it s another leak,  she told the network.  I m just going to leave it up to the professionals at the Justice Department because nothing that this says changes the fact that I never sent or received material marked classified. Via: UK Daily Mail",0
16817,SECRET SERVICE PROTECTS OBAMA’S DAUGHTERS While These Illegal Alien Pedophiles Threaten Our Children,"The children were nestled all snug in their beds when OOPS! an illegal alien pedophile slipped through their window. These worst of the worst criminals are crossing our borders every day as our US Border Agents are given the  stand down  order by a man so hell-bent on a one-party system that he will risk the safety and security of our children and grandchildren. Barack Obama s kids will never have to worry about safety, because We The Taxpayer will ensure that for the rest of their lives, they will be protected from the massive number of unchecked pedophiles and violent sexual offenders flowing across our open borders. This is an outrage! Yet the political pundits on the Left seem to be baffled by Donald Trump s popularity with the American voter Go figure McAllen, Texas   Illegal aliens with previous convictions for sexual crimes continue to be a regular sight for U.S. Border Patrol agents working in this border region.On Wednesday, the Rio Grande Valley Sector (RGV) of the U.S. Border Patrol confirmed to Breitbart Texas that they had arrested five criminal aliens with a history of sexual offenses including a Guatemalan man who is considered a  sexually violent predator. On Sunday, agents caught a group of seven illegal aliens near the river and when they took them to the station for processing learned that one of them identified as Walter Leonel Vasquez Zacarias was a violent sexual predator, court records obtained by Breitbart Texas revealed.Court records revealed that Vasquez Zacarias had been convicted of  aggravated sexual battery victim under 13 years of age  in March 20, 2009. For that offense, Vasquez was initially arrested on June 16, 2008 in Augusta County, Virginia and after his conviction was sentenced to 10 years in prison, but for unknown reasons, eight years from his sentence were suspended and he was deported in March 30, 2010 through Houston.Vasquez continues to be listed in various search engines as a violent sexual predator.In recent days, agents arrested four other criminal aliens with a sexually based criminal history, information provided to Breitbart Texas by Border Patrol revealed. One of the aliens was from Guatemala and he had a previous conviction for aggravated sexual battery of a victim under the age of 13. Another of the aliens was also from Guatemala and he had a conviction for aggravated criminal sexual abuse. Two other aliens from Mexico had convictions for indecent liberties with a child and the other for sexual assault. Border Patrol agents remain vigilant in their efforts to protect this nation from all threats including predators and convicted criminals attempting to illegally enter the country,  said Chief Patrol Agent Manuel Padilla Jr. in a prepared statement.  Thanks to the hard work of Border Patrol agents, these dangerous criminals were unable to make it into our communities. Via: Breitbart News",0
16818,SUPREME COURT DECISION Lead By Justice Ginsburg Delivers Blow To Big Business,"Oh boy! Ginsberg woke up and is leading a decision against big business is anyone surprised by this? We d love to know your opinion.WASHINGTON   The U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday issued the first decision in a series of class action cases this term that are widely viewed as attempts by business interests to shut the courthouse door to consumers and everyday plaintiffs.In a 6-to-3 opinion in Campbell-Ewald v. Gomez, a case testing the limits on federal courts considering class-action disputes, the justices ruled that businesses can t just  moot  a case by simply offering to settle it with the person who first brought it   let alone if the person rejected the offer.Relying on contractual principles, Ginsburg said such offers have  no force. Like other unaccepted contract offers, it creates no lasting right or obligation,  Ginsburg said.  With the offer off the table, and the defendant s continuing denial of liability, adversity between the parties persists. That adversity matters because, under the Constitution, federal courts can only hear actual  cases  or  controversies.  But Campbell-Ewald   a marketing firm that was sued for sending unwanted mass text messages   said that requirement evaporated after it offered Jos  G mez, the lead plaintiff in the dispute, some money to make his case go away.G mez had sued Campbell-Ewald, a Navy contractor, for a text message he received from the company recruiting him to join the Navy. But because he was almost 40 at the time and he never consented to receiving the text, G mez alleged in his lawsuit that the company violated a federal law that forbids  unsolicited advertisement. But he didn t want to just go it alone   he wanted to form a class action against the firm.It was at that point that Campbell-Ewald sought to make G mez whole by simply making him an offer it thought he wouldn t resist: a sum of $1,503, or about three times what federal law allowed him to recover. G mez, however, refused to settle and said he wanted to press forward as the leader of the class action.Ginsburg said that was good enough for his claim to remain active in the courts.A person who is  a would-be class representative with a live claim of her own must be accorded a fair opportunity to show  that she can vindicate the interests of others in the class, she said.Practically, this detail is important for the vitality of class actions, which depend on the willingness of people like G mez to become the public face of a lawsuit. If this person or  class representative  somehow falls out of the case   by virtue of accepting a settlement offer or other circumstances   the whole class action runs the risk of falling apart. And not just any plaintiff is ready to act as a backup in federal court.Via: Yahoo",0
16819,CAUGHT ON VIDEO: FEDERAL EMPLOYEES Tell How They Scammed Two WWII Vets Out Of Millions [Video],"A Park Service employee is caught on tape telling how she swindled two WWII vets out of land worth millions more. Federal land grabs aren t funny but this woman thinks it s just hysterical. We went out to the mine and the owners were two little guys that had been in the Second World War,  a California park service employee recalls at a retirement celebration for Mojave National Preserve Superintendent Mary Martin in 2005. The employee brags about how the veterans  mine was appraised by the federal government at $40 million, and acquired for a paltry $2.5 million. We did get it appraised and we did acquire it for $2.5 million which I stole the money from Washington to acquire it,  the employee in the video admits, adding that it s sometimes hard to bamboozle property owners due to the agency s reputation. Lands  isn t always supported because we re the  bad guys.  We come in, and we take this land. And we always take it for less than it s worth.  Later during the celebration dinner, another park service employee reveals that the acquisition of more than a hundred thousand private acres in the Mojave National Preserve were procured under Martin s leadership, who he labels the  acquisition queen.   Acres acquired under the acquisition queen s regime, 111,550.54 acres,  an employee announces in an extended clip of the dinner. The employee then shows two other numbers, 5.66 and 106,375.36, which correlate with the park where Martin would be relocating, the Lassen Volcanic National Park. He indicates that the larger number is the acreage of Lassen National Park, while the smaller number is acreage privately owned.  If you own those 5.66 acres, would you be sweating right now?  the man jests referring to Martin s acquisition power. The employees  jaw-dropping admissions amid joyful applause, smiles and celebration over the confiscation of two World War II veterans  and others  private land goes to prove the federal government is not at all concerned with  land preservation  and focuses mainly on predatory land grabs. ",0
16820,TEACHER’S UNION PROTEST Gets Ugly As Protesters And Cops Duke It Out [Video],"In case you don t live in the Midwest, you might not have noticed that the fight continues between the Democrat-lead powers that just won t let go after decades of disaster in the city of Detroit. It s like the abused wife who s more comfortable with the evil she knows rather than getting the heck out of Dodge to find a better situation. The people of Detroit are still fighting the perceived  racism  from anywhere and everywhere in Republican Governor Snyyder s administration. The Democrats that ran the city into the ground with so much corruption and so many inept officials want the same-old same old back and want Emergency Managers put in place by Snyder to go away. The latest problem is with the Detroit Public Schools and the water scandal in the city of Flint. Here s the take from the Detroit News:Detroit   Hundreds of teachers, activists and students gathered Wednesday outside Cobo Center in a combined effort to protest conditions in Flint and at Detroit Public School buildings.The protest outside Cobo came hours before President Barack Obama s scheduled visit to the North American International Auto Show inside the building. Snyder out, is a must,  the crowd chanted, led by leaders wielding megaphones.  Detroit won t go to the back of the bus. Joel Berger, an English teacher at Cass Technical High School, said the city-wide sickout and protest stemmed from a grassroots effort by teachers, students and parents.He also joined many protesters in directly linking issues in DPS and Flint. Teachers, parents and students are just fed up with the injustices that are being done to our students,  Berger said.  It s about (Darnell) Earley, who was the emergency manager in Flint when they switched their water over, and now he s being charged with looking over Detroit Public Schools. We re building toward a city-wide strike to restore the rights of the people of Detroit now, and to get rid of the (DPS) emergency manager,  he said. It s clear that the state takeovers and the elimination of democratic control across Michigan cities has only created more destruction in black, Latino and poor communities,  he said.  In Flint, we had emergency manager Darnell Earley, who said himself that to save money, they d switch water from the Detroit water system to the Flint River. This is a city-wide struggle about our future,  Douglass said.  It s going to take this movement to prevent the racist attacks. Supporters of ousted teachers union president Steve Conn clash with Detroit police officers and hotel security at the Hilton Garden Hotel in Detroit where a hearing was held on Conn s bid to be reinstated.Some protesters insisted the sickout symbolized support for Steve Conn, the ousted former president of the Detroit Federation of Teachers union.The DFT executive board removed Conn from office and expelled him from the union in August after finding him guilty of internal misconduct charges.Read more: Detroit News",0
16821,BREAKING: Obama-Holder Fast N’ Furious Rifle Found In El Chapo Hideout Capable Of Downing A Helicopter,"Where s the accountably? As our President ramps up his gun control rhetoric in the U.S., we continue to see the fallout from of a botched government gun running program dubbed  Fast N  Furious.  How can this duplicitous President carry on about guns falling into the wrong hands in the U.S. while sending illegal guns over to Mexico to be used by drug lords against U.S. law enforcement and possibly against American civilians? A .50-caliber rifle found at Joaquin  El Chapo  Guzman s hideout in Mexico was funneled through the gun-smuggling investigation known as Fast and Furious, sources confirmed Tuesday to Fox News.A .50-caliber is a massive rifle that can stop a car, or as it was intended, take down a helicopter.After the raid on Jan. 8 in the city of Los Mochis that killed five of his men and wounded one Mexican marine, officials found a number of weapons inside the house Guzman was staying, including the rifle, officials said.When agents from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives checked serial numbers of the eight weapons found in his possession, they found one of the two .50-caliber weapons traced back to the ATF program, sources said.Federal officials told Fox News they are not sure how many of the weapons seized from Guzman s house actually originated in the U.S. and where they were purchased, but are investigating.Out of the roughly 2,000 weapons sold through Fast and Furious, 34 were .50 caliber rifles that can take down a helicopter, according to officials.Federal law enforcement sources told Fox News that  El Chapo  would put his guardsmen on hilltops to be on guard for Mexican police helicopters that would fly through valleys conducting raids. The sole purpose of the guardsmen would be to shoot down those helicopters, sources said.The Fast and Furious operation involved federal agents allowing criminals to buy guns with the intention of tracking them.Instead, agents from the ATF lost track of 1,400 of the 2,000 guns involved in the sting operation.The operation allowed criminals to buy guns in Phoenix-area shops with the intention of tracking them once they made their way into Mexico.After years of legal battles between the House Oversight Committee and Attorney General Eric Holder, 64,280 redacted Operation Fast and Furious documents held under President Obama s assertion of executive privilege since 2012, have been turned over by the Department of Justice after an order from U.S. District Court Judge Amy Berman Jackson. When Eric Holder wants to know why he was the first Attorney General held in criminal contempt of Congress, he can read the judge s order that compelled the production of 64,280 pages that he and President Obama illegitimately and illegally withheld from Congress. Since these pages still do not represent the entire universe of the documents the House of Representatives is seeking related to the Justice Department s cover-up of the botched gun-walking scandal that contributed to the death of a Border Patrol agent, our court case will continue,  Chairman Darrell Issa said in a statement.  I am deeply concerned that some redactions to these documents may still be inappropriate and contrary to the judge s order in the case. These documents being turned over is long awaited confirmation from both DOJ and the White House that officials withheld 64,280 documents that do not, and never did, fall under President Obama s executive privilege claims. As a reminder, President Obama asserted executive privilege in this case just moments before Holder was voted in contempt of Congress in June 2012. The President and the Attorney General attempted to extend the scope of the Executive Privilege well beyond its historical boundaries to avoid disclosing documents that embarrass or otherwise implicate senior Obama Administration officials,  an Oversight Committee release states.  In effect, last night s production is an admission that the Justice Department never had legitimate grounds to withhold these documents in the first place. Approximately two-thirds of the universe of documents that the Justice Department withheld from Congress has now been shown to be well outside the scope of Executive Privilege. The operation became a major distraction for the Obama administration as Republicans in Congress conducted a series of inquiries into how the Justice Department allowed such an operation to happen.Former Attorney General Eric Holder was held in contempt after he refused to divulge documents for a congressional investigation into the matter.This is the third time a weapon from the Fast and Furious program has been found at a high-profile Mexican crime scene.Via: FOX News",0
16822,"IF YOU’RE EASILY OFFENDED, Don’t Watch This American Pastor’s Rant: “Has America Gone Stupid?”","You re gonna love this patriot! He speaks for each and every one of us who are 100% FED Up! with  offended  Americans! Enjoy this awesome rant and God bless America!// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>HAS AMERICA GONE STUPID? Warning!!!! this video will most likely offend the majority of the population.!Posted by Highways and Hedges Ministries on Monday, January 18, 2016",0
16823,HOLY BETRAYAL OF AMERICA’S NATIONAL SECURITY: New Evidence Shows Hillary Emailed “Most Secretive” Classified Material On Private Unsecured Server,"She s the most dangerous, self-centered woman in America Hillary for Prison 2016.  Hillary Clinton s emails on her unsecured, homebrew server contained intelligence from the U.S. government s most secretive and highly classified programs, according to an unclassified letter from a top inspector general to senior lawmakers.Fox News exclusively obtained the unclassified letter, sent Jan. 14 from Intelligence Community Inspector General I. Charles McCullough III. It laid out the findings of a recent comprehensive review by intelligence agencies that identified  several dozen  additional classified emails   including specific intelligence known as  special access programs  (SAP).That indicates a level of classification beyond even  top secret,  the label previously given to two emails found on her server, and brings even more scrutiny to the presidential candidate s handling of the government s closely held secrets. To date, I have received two sworn declarations from one [intelligence community] element. These declarations cover several dozen emails containing classified information determined by the IC element to be at the confidential, secret, and top secret/sap levels,  said the IG letter to lawmakers with oversight of the intelligence community and State Department.  According to the declarant, these documents contain information derived from classified IC element sources. Intelligence from a  special access program,  or SAP, is even more sensitive than that designated as  top secret    as were two emails identified last summer in a random sample pulled from Clinton s private server she used as secretary of state. Access to a SAP is restricted to those with a  need-to-know  because exposure of the intelligence would likely reveal the source, putting a method of intelligence collection   or a human asset   at risk. Currently, some 1,340 emails designated  classified  have been found on Clinton s server, though the Democratic presidential candidate insists the information was not classified at the time. There is absolutely no way that one could not recognize SAP material,  a former senior law enforcement with decades of experience investigating violations of SAP procedures told Fox News.  It is the most sensitive of the sensitive. Executive Order 13526   called  Classified National Security Information  and signed Dec. 29, 2009   sets out the legal framework for establishing special access programs. The order says the programs can only be authorized by the president,  the Secretaries of State, Defense, Energy, and Homeland Security, the Attorney General, and the Director of National Intelligence, or the principal deputy of each. The programs are created when  the vulnerability of, or threat to, specific information is exceptional,  and  the number of persons who ordinarily will have access will be reasonably small and commensurate with the objective of providing enhanced protection for the information involved,  it states.According to court documents, former CIA Director David Petraeus was prosecuted for sharing intelligence from special access programs with his biographer and mistress Paula Broadwell. At the heart of his prosecution was a non-disclosure agreement where Petraeus agreed to protect these closely held government programs, with the understanding  unauthorized disclosure, unauthorized retention or negligent handling   could cause irreparable injury to the United States or be used to advantage by a foreign nation.  Clinton signed an identical non-disclosure agreement Jan. 22, 2009.While the State Department and Clinton campaign have said the emails in questions were  retroactively classified  or  upgraded    to justify the more than 1,300 classified emails on her server   those terms are meaningless under federal law.The former federal law enforcement official said the finding in the January IG letter represents a potential violation of USC 18 Section 793,  gross negligence  in the handling of secure information under the Espionage Act.  Via: FOX News",0
16824,SUPREME COURT AGREES TO TAKE ON Obama’s Un-American Plan To Shield Millions Of Illegals From Deportation,"So far, the Supreme Court has not prevented one single unconstitutional act committed by Obama. Is there any reason to believe they will stop the invasion of illegals to save America and the American worker?The Supreme Court agreed Tuesday to review President Obama s plan to shield up to 5 million illegal immigrants from deportation, after lower courts blocked the president s sweeping executive actions from taking effect.The decision sets up an election-year clash over the controversial plan that many Republicans have likened to  amnesty. The justices said Tuesday they will consider undoing lower court rulings that blocked the plan from taking effect. The Obama administration had appealed to the Supreme Court last fall.The decision to review the case may be welcome on both sides of the aisle. Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch, of Utah, issued a statement praising the court for taking it on   and urging the justices to rule against the administration. President Obama s executive action is an affront to our system of republican self-government,  Hatch said.  The Constitution vests legislative authority in Congress, not the President. With his actions, President Obama has attempted to bypass the constitutionally ordained legislative process and rewrite the law unilaterally. The case probably will be argued in April and decided by late June, about a month before both parties  presidential nominating conventions. The issue of illegal immigration has taken a center-stage role in the Republican primary battle, as Donald Trump calls for a wall between the U.S. and Mexico and candidates spar over who is toughest on the issue.The immigrants who would benefit from the Obama administration s plan are mainly the parents of U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents.But more than two-dozen mostly Republican-led states challenged Obama s executive actions after they were rolled out in 2014, and the plan has been tied up in litigation ever since.Critics say the plan is unconstitutional. Shortly before the administration took the case to the Supreme Court, the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in favor of the states in early November.Solicitor General Donald Verrilli Jr. later said in a court filing that allowing those rulings to stand would force millions of people  to continue to work off the books, without the option of lawful employment to provide for their families. At issue is the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans program, which Obama said would allow people who have been in the United States more than five years and who have children who are in the country legally to  come out of the shadows and get right with the law.  Via: Fox News ",0
16825,"GOVERNMENT GONE WILD: Sell A Cookie, Go To Jail [Video]",Wisconsin is losing me on this one-no common sense whatsoever in this ban. This is what happens when government regulation goes overboard! ,0
16826,ANGELINA JOLIE HUMILIATED Barack Obama On World Stage Over Weak Leadership On Terrorism,"It s good to know there are a few Hollywood celebrities who haven t bought into Obama s false messiah B.S During an appearance before the U.K. s House of Lords on Tuesday, Hollywood actress and human rights advocate Angelina Jolie spoke out about how Islamic State group militants use sexual violence as a means to perpetuate terrorism   and about how we need strong leadership (unlike that of President Barack Obama) to overcome this threat.Jolie s excoriating speech laid bare just how anemic and pitiful Obama s response to ISIS has been, and how ISIS is being allowed to build a society based on rape, violence, and of course Shariah law. They are dictating it as policy beyond what we have seen before,  Jolie said.  They are saying,  We should do this, this is the right way to build a society, so we tell you to rape. Islamic militants are basically building a civilization not focused on growing food or educating children, but rather on kidnapping, enslaving and raping women, to perpetuate the endless cycle of terrorism, and Obama has allowed these barbaric radical Muslims to thrive. The most aggressive terrorist group in the world today knows what we know, knows that it is a very effective weapon and they are using it as a centrepoint of their terror and their way of destroying communities and families, and attacking and dehumanising,  Jolie explained. For over 10 years, I had been visiting the field and meeting families and survivors of sexual violence who felt for so long that their voices simply didn t mater, they weren t heard, and they carried a great shame,  Jolie continued.She added that we need  a very, very strong response at this time  to stop this horrific behavior. Of course, we have been calling on Obama to make that strong response for years, but he s far more interested in race baiting back home than dealing a death blow to radical Islam.Jolie does have some measure of expertise in the matters she s speaking of. As she told the Houses of Parliament, she has been campaigning for Middle Eastern victims of sexual abuse for over a decade (H/T The Gateway Pundit).Below is an excerpt of Jolie s address, this part dealing with some of her encounters with young rape victims.https://youtu.be/KBmHnzjgwSkIt seems like Jolie is someone whose words President Obama should heed. Will our president actually take the time though to listen, learn and adjust his failed strategy against what he once referred to as the  JV team? Only time will tell   but we wouldn t want to put any money on it. Via: Conservative Tribune",0
16827,"EYE-OPENING: Why Liberals Won’t Talk About White, Poverty-Stricken, Rural Americans","This is a story you will never find in the mainstream media What seldom gets talked about and when it is, often with irreverent humor and contempt is the poverty of rural America, particularly rural white America: Appalachia, the Ozarks, the Mississippi Delta, the Dakotas, the Rio Grande Valley, the Cotton Belt.If you spend time among coastal liberals, it s not unusual to hear denigrating remarks made about poor  middle Americans  slip out of mouths that are otherwise forthcoming about the injustices of poverty and inequality.Yet, since the 1950s, Americans living in non-metropolitan counties have had a higher rate of poverty than those living in metropolitan areas. According to the 2013 American Community Survey, the poverty rate among rural-dwelling Americans is three percent higher than it is among urban-dwellers. In the South, the poorest region of the country, the rural-urban discrepancy is greatest around eight percent higher in non-metro areas than metro areas.Watch here, as Levi Holstein, 22 explains what Obama s shut down of the coal industry has done to his community: Holstein s youth was spent hunting deer,turkey and bears,fishing for catfish with his father and riding four wheelers through the hills of Boone County. Now,the mountains he grew to love have been leveled in pursuit of coal,and their debris scraped into the hollow above his childhood home,destroying old haunts. I would be the first to tell you I hate strip mines. I hate it,I don t like it one bit,  Holstein said.  But at the same time it gives a man a job. Unfortunately, for 8 years we had a President who was committed to shutting down the coal industry in rural America, where primarily low income white families live.For Holstein,and many others throughout the region,the changes to the landscape and negative environmental impacts are weighed against paychecks to support their families. However,in the past few years career miners have seen their jobs vanish or move to other parts of the state.Once the most formidable industry in West Virginia,coal is progressively losing its economic dominance throughout Central Appalachia as production slows due to tightening pollution controls,greater availability of cheap natural gas and growing competition from other coal basins.From 2007 to 2012 West Virginia s annual coal production dropped by 31.7 million tons annually,falling over 20 percent,from 165.7 million to 129.5 million. Over half of that decline,17.9 million tons,came from Boone County,which until 2012 had long been the state s top producer.So why is the poverty of rural America largely unexamined, even avoided? There are a number of explanations.Rural and urban poverty are similar to the degree that both occur when people do not have access to jobs specifically ones that pay a living wage (i.e. enough to provide themselves and their dependents with basic necessities like food and shelter). Many of the causal factors for poverty, however, are exacerbated in remote areas where the job and labor markets are smaller and less diverse, and communities lack the human capital of city economies. Often a single industry (in some cases single employer) will dominate a vast region.The geographic distance between some rural communities and higher education institutions, as well as technical and vocational schools, is also a factor. According to U.S. Department of Agriculture Economic Research Service, 20 percent of non-metro residents complete their college degrees compared to 30 percent in metropolitan areas.Similarly, when it comes to providing social services in rural America, spatial challenges arise in making those services accessible and visible to a remote public. The repertoire of services available to [rural people] is smaller,  Lobao says. Her research indicates that 50 percent of metropolitan counties provide subsidies for emergency medical services, while only 30 percent of non-metro counties do. Similarly, 30 percent of metro counties make elder care available, but only 20 percent of non-metro counties do. And 25 percent of metro counties provide childcare care, but only 16 percent of non-metro countries do. Each of these deficits contributes to the higher rate of poverty that we see among the rural poor.Lisa Pruitt, a law professor at the University of California at Davis, studies the intersection of law and rural livelihoods. She also runs a site called the Legal Ruralism Blog, where she writes about the problem of rural American poverty. Pruitt grew up in a working-class rural Newton County in the Ozarks of northwest Arkansas. She tells Rural America In These Times that one important misconception about rural poverty is that it is an exclusively white problem. While the majority of rural Americans struggling with poverty are white, Pruitt says, the racial makeup of the rural poor is far more diverse than the image most Americans realize. We tend to associate rural poverty with whiteness,  Pruitt says.  When we think about rural poverty, most associations with rural poverty are with white populations and in fact, that is true to some extent but it s actually far from being monochromatic. The demographics of poverty in rural and urban America are quite similar. Though whites make up the majority of both metropolitan and non-metropolitan populations in the United States resulting in a higher numbers of whites living in poverty poverty rates throughout rural America are much higher among the rural minority population. According to the 2013 American Community Survey, 40 percent of blacks living in non-metro counties fall below the poverty line, compared to 15 percent of whites. Poverty rates among non-metro Hispanics and American Indians are also considerably higher than they are among whites.This popular association between rural American poverty and whiteness is key to understanding why the media, and liberal America as a whole, doesn t talk about rural American poverty. While black poverty in the United States is attributed to the legacies of slavery, Jim Crow, housing discrimination, incarceration, and other forms of institutionalized racism, we have no national narrative that explains white poverty. As a result, there is an implicit belief that whites who have benefited from all of the advantages that come with being white don t have a good reason to be poor. In other words, that when whites live in poverty, it is their fault, or even their choice.Since the 1960s, the current U.S. economic system has had as a constant feature 15 percent of the population living below the poverty line. For better or worse,  says Pruitt,  when we talk about poverty, we focus on black poverty, and we focus on Hispanic poverty. We ve collapsed our nation s poverty problem into our nation s racism problem and it leads us to turn a blind eye to rural poverty. One of Pruitt s overarching arguments is that this political polarization between the liberal mainstream and the rural poor is self-perpetuating, and will only worsen with time as the rural poor are  excluded from the pipeline to power. There is such a disconnect between the people in power in this country and the rural poor. It s a negative feedback loop,  says Pruitt.  If you re deciding who you are going to admit to Harvard and you see they grew up socio-economically disadvantaged from rural America, the knee-jerk reaction is,  We don t want those people among us. They re racist. They re uncouth. They re unsavory.   Though the left has all but cornered the subject of poverty and its myriad dimensions, the fact that rural Americans tend to espouse conservative positions on social issues like abortion and gay rights does not make the liberal media or Democratic candidates any more sympathetic to rural American poverty. And if the 2008 Presidential Election is any indicator, poor rural Americans, especially whites, feel increasingly at odds with liberal politics and liberal candidates. I think the assumption is that rural white voters are racist and illiberal and intolerant,  says Pruitt.  And so there are all sorts of incentives to distance ourselves for the Democratic presidential candidates to distances themselves from rural whites. I think that most rural white voters are pretty alienated from politics generally, and the Democratic Party in particular. Yet the left and working class rural Americans have many reasons to forge a stronger relationship specifically in challenging the authority of corporate America and growing the bargaining power of workers. Lobao, clearly frustrated, says rural sociologists have spent a lot of time thinking about how the left could appeal to rural Americans and often find themselves mired in  platitudes. The one thing that we could stress in terms of social values is the value of building community,  she said.    Do you like your community? Do you want to build it? Well why can t we?  We can try to emphasize building the community, you know, because people identify with their community whether they re Republican or Democrat.  Via: In These Times",0
16828,RARE INTERVIEW WITH WHITE HOUSE SECRETARY: Bill Clinton Had Affairs With “thousands of women”…”Monica Lewinsky is alive today because of choices I made”,"This is a mind-blowing interview that confirms much of what many of us suspected about the Clintons. For some, it may be even worse than what they believed to be true. Kudos to Linda Tripp for agreeing to do this interview. People who cross the Clinton s do usually fare too well In a rare interview, Linda Tripp, a pivotal figure in the Monica Lewinsky scandal, revealed on Sunday it was common knowledge while she worked in the West Wing that Bill Clinton had affairs with  thousands of women. Speaking on  Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,  Tripp for the first time divulged that she personally knew another White House staffer aside from Lewinsky who was also having an affair with Clinton. That unnamed staffer was mentioned by Tripp in various depositions but she has not spoken about it publicly.She charged that Hillary Clinton not only knew about her husband s exploits,  She made it her personal mission to disseminate information and destroy the women with whom he dallied. Tripp says she cringes at the sight of Clinton presenting herself as  a champion of women s rights worldwide in a global fashion, and yet all of the women she has destroyed over the years to ensure her political viability continues is sickening to me. Tripp documented evidence of Lewinsky s phone calls about her relationship with Bill Clinton and submitted the evidence to independent counsel Kenneth Starr, leading to the public disclosure of the affair. She explained to Klein that she did so because she believed her own life and Lewinsky s were in danger, saying that Lewinsky was threatening Clinton with outing the relationship.Tripp also used the interview to criticize what she says is the news media s unwillingness to investigate the Clintons. She singled out and thanked Matt Drudge of the Drudge Report, declaring that without him  things would have been very, very different. Drudge s website was the first media outlet to break the Lewinsky scandal after Newsweek sat on the story.Tripp had unique access to the Clintons because her office was directly adjacent to Hillary s second floor West Wing office for the entire time she served in the Clinton White House from 1993 to the summer of 1994 with the exception of the first three months of the Clinton administration, when she sat just outside the Oval Office.Tripp s nonpartisan position was a carryover from the George H. W. Bush administration in which she served. Monica Lewinsky is alive today because of choices I made She told Klein that her role in the Lewinsky case followed  years of alarm at what I had seen in the Clinton White House, particularly Hillary and the different scandals, whether it was Filegate, Travelgate, Whitewater, Vince Foster. All of the scandals that had come before and were so completely obliterated in the mind s eye of the American people because of the way all of them were essentially discounted. So I watched a lying President and a lying First Lady present falsehoods to the American people. So my dismay predated the January 1998 period when the Monica Lewinsky scandal surfaced. To me it was very important that the American people see what I was seeing. My years with the Clintons were so disturbing on so many levels. Tripp maintains that she went public with the Lewinsky evidence to ensure the intern s safety as well as her own.She told Klein:I say today and I will continue to say that I believe Monica Lewinsky is alive today because of choices I made and action I took. That may sound melodramatic to your listeners. I can only say that from my perspective I believe that she and I at the time were in danger, because nothing stands in the way of these people achieving their political ends.I think that had it not become public when it did, particularly in light of the Paula Jones lawsuit, which was coming to a head with President Clinton s deposition, that we may well have met with an accident. It s a situation where unless you lived it as I did you would have no real framework of reference for this sort of situation.Tripp said the young Lewinsky, 21-years-old when she entered the White House as an intern, was unaware of the danger that she faced.She described Lewinsky as a  young girl, smart, clever   but in this one area she was blinded and she fancied herself in love. He fancied himself entitled. It was nothing more than a servicing agreement. She romanticized that there was an affair. And when it didn t pan out the way she had hoped it would   he had promised her he would bring her back to the White House as soon as the 1996 election campaign had finished. When he didn t, she essentially lost her mind and started acting in erratic and frightening ways. Threatening the president.There came a point in July of 1997 when she not only threatened to expose the affair, as she referred to it. But also she at that time informed him that I knew all about it. So at that time it became dangerous for Monica and for me. This was something that absolutely could never see the light of day. And she never realized the implications of threatening a president or her behavior. And I did.Tripp told Klein that  the biggest fallacy that most people believed is that this was a unique occurrence. Monica was somehow special. And regrettably that s the farthest thing from the truth. She said,  Everyone knew within the West Wing, particularly those who spent years with him, of the thousands of women. Now most of your listeners might find that difficult if not impossible to believe. And I can tell you in the beginning I felt the same way. But let me be clear here. This is a pattern of behavior that has gone on for years. And the abuse of women for years. Asked whether Clinton was having affairs with others in the West Wing, Tripp replied,  I know that to be true. One in particular who I will not name told me this herself. But as to the hundreds or thousands, remember I worked closely with the closest aides to the president. And it was a loosey-goosy environment so there was not a lot of holding back. So it was common knowledge, let s put it this way, within the West Wing that he had this problem. It was further common knowledge that Hillary was aware of it. Tripp described the tense West Wing atmosphere between what she characterized as two almost diametrically opposed Clinton camps.The dynamic between the two groups   the Bill Clinton people and the Hillary Clinton people. It was as though they were almost opposing forces. But I can tell you that the one with the power and the one that instilled the fear in the other was the Hillary camp.And the [Bill] Clinton people would cower if she were coming into the area, just as an example, of the Oval without notice. There would be scurrying around to make sure there was no one in the wrong place at the wrong time, shall we say. It was a fascination to see the amount of energy that was expended covering up his behavior. It was horrifying.Tripp said Hillary personally targeted Bill s female conquests and accusers, with the future presidential candidate exhibiting behavior that is  egregious and it s so disingenuous. In my case, for instance, right after the Lewinsky story broke, she was heard directing her staff to get anything and everything on Linda Tripp. So the defamation of character and the absolute assurance that my credibility would be destroyed began right away. And it happens with any woman who is involved in any way, either with him in a physical relationship or an assault or anything that can endanger their political viability.Tripp recalled Hillary s January 27, 1998 appearance on NBC s The Today Show in which she was seen as standing by her husband while blaming the Lewinsky scandal on a  vast right-wing conspiracy that has been conspiring against my husband since the day he announced for president. She didn t do it in an honest way,  said Tripp of Clinton s NBC interview.  Instead she lied, which didn t surprise me. And I will give her credit. She is enormously effective. And became a victim. A wife who was betrayed. This is someone who had no real personal problem with any of this behavior. The problem was in it becoming public. They had to continue to become electable  She was the more aggressive one in ensuring that the political viability was not endangered in any way. Tripp told Klein that Hillary  does not possess integrity on any level. I just wish that your listeners could know the person that I knew. Because if they did there is not a chance she would be elected president. Tripp s ringside seat afforded her rare insight into the scandals of the 1990s and perhaps alleged wrongdoings to come, with the West Wing employee personally witnessing behavior that may have foreshadowed Clinton s email scandal, in which she is accused of sending classified materials through her personal server.Tripp said she noticed major differences in the manner in which classified material was handled by both the Clinton and Bush administrations in which she served.President George H.W. Bush s administration had  a completely different way of operating on every level, including on classified and secret material,  she said.She continued:All the regulations were followed, right down to a cover sheet being essential if the document had had any sort of classifications. The securing of classified documentation in safes. The burn bags that were used if any sensitive material was to be disposed of. All of this was familiar to me and followed every security protocol that I had experienced in the past.When the Clintons came in this was one of the things that I found appalling right from day one. And it went hand and hand with the disdain for the military. The military was present in the White House in the form of presidential aides. The aide that carried the nuclear football, just as an example. And in the Bush White House they were respected, as they should be. In the Clinton White House, they were disdained. To see it treated this way and to see these people treated this way was disturbing.Tripp referred to Clinton s private mail woes as  classic Hillary Clinton in a nutshell. She gets to decide what she does. Look, the rules don t apply to the Clintons. If you understand that basic premise you understand the Clintons. For Tripp, Clinton s use of a private server was  all about control. She has a need to control every single aspect of her life. And you know anyone in government knows that any key stroke on a keyboard within a government agency belongs to the government  it is not up to the employee on any level to control what happens to it for posterity. FOR ENTIRE INTERVIEW, CLICK HERE: Breitbart News",0
16829,BREAKING UDATE: IRAN CONFIRMS $1.7 BILLION Was RANSOM Payment For Prisoners And NOT Part Of “Nuclear Deal” ORIGINAL STORY: OBAMA AND KERRY Agree To Give Iran $1.7 BILLION U.S. Taxpayer Dollars As “Settlement”,"Whiskey Tango Foxtrot!The United States  sent Iran $400 million in debt plus $1.3 billion in interest, and the money was disbursed as a ransom payment for four American hostages of the Islamic regime, a top Iranian commander said Wednesday afternoon. Therefore, the U.S. paid the Iranian regime $425 million dollars per American hostage, according to the commander. The annulment of sanctions against Iran s Bank Sepah and reclaiming of $1.7mln of Iran s frozen assets after 36 years showed that the US doesn t understand anything but the language of force,  said Iranian Basij Commander Brig Gen Mohammed Reza Naqdi, addressing his forces in Tehran. This money was returned for the freedom of the US spy and it was not related to the (nuclear) negotiations,  he claimed, according to state-controlled Fars News Agency.Four Americans who were held hostage by the Islamic Republic   Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian, U.S. Marine Amir Hekmati, Pastor Saeed Abedini, and Nosratollah Khosrawi Roudsari (who decided to stay in Iran)   were part of the deal that included the ransom payment, along with the release of seven Iranians who were sitting in American jails on charges of thwarting international sanctions, and the delisting of 14 Iranian nationals from Interpol s Red List, which seeks international criminals for extradition.A fifth American, Matthew Trevithick, who was imprisoned by Tehran, was also released, but under the terms of a separate deal, according to reports.The U.S. State Department tells Breitbart News that the payment to Iran was  separate but simultaneous,  and not a ransom. We did not pay ransom to secure the return of these Americans. The funds that were transferred to Iran were part of a separate but simultaneous arrangement we agreed to with Iran related to the U.S.-Iran Claims Tribunal at the Hague,  a State Department spokesperson told Breitbart News late Wednesday.State Department spokesman Mark Toner told reporters earlier on Wednesday in Washington that no ransom was paid, rejecting the remarks of the Iranian commander. There was no bribe, there was no ransom, there was nothing paid to secure the return of these Americans who were, by the way, not spies. We ve spoken to this in the days after their release on Sunday morning in great detail about how this process worked. There was this consular channel that was opened up to secure their release,  Toner said. Via: Breitbart NewsHere is the question we posed after discovering the interesting timing of this $1.7 BILLION payment to Iran while 4 American prisoners were being simultaneously released:Was this transfer of funds to a terrorist state (via the American taxpayer), the REAL reason the prisoners  (hostages) Iran was holding were suddenly released? Did the incompetent Obama-Kerry duo use this  settlement  as a bargaining chip to make it appear as though freeing these hostages was part of the Iran nuclear deal all along? This is absolutely sickening The United States and Iran on Sunday settled a longstanding claim at the Hague, releasing to Tehran $400 million in funds frozen since 1981 plus $1.3 billion in interest, the State Department said.The funds were part of a trust fund once used by Iran to purchase military equipment from the United States but which was tied up for decades in litigation at the Iran-US Claims Tribunal.The settlement announcement was made after Tehran released five American detainees in a prisoner swap as a nuclear deal was implemented. Via: Business Insider ",0
16830,WATCH HILLARY SQUIRM When Mainstream Media Asks If She Plans To Watch “13 Hours” Movie,"Hillary was too busy to be bothered with making Benghazi a safer place for Ambassador Stevens, so it should really come as no surprise that she s too busy to watch  13 HOURS,  the true story of Benghazi. By the way, whoever told Hillary that calling the families of the four men killed in Benghazi  liars,  just as the true story of what really happened under her watch is coming out in theaters nationwide, should be fired One of the enduring mysteries of the Benghazi tragedy is why anyone ever took seriously Hillary Clinton s blaming some obscure maker of a YouTube video for the attack. That mystery, however, is dwarfed by the way the media try to pretend that Hillary s denials of that happening are anything other than bald-faced (that bald-face would be pasty white, wrinkled, and bewhiskered). In testimony elicited by the Benghazi Committee and in released emails, it has become apparent that no one ever thought the video was to blame and Clinton has, herself, attempted to claim that she never blamed the video.Now there is a new  wrinkle  to the story. Hillary told the families that the video was the cause of the attack that led to the deaths of their family members. Now she is saying they are lying.First, there is her statement when she, shamelessly, stood in the hangar at Dover AFB as the bodies of the dead men returned home:CLINTON: Many others from across the Middle East and North Africa have offered similar sentiments.This has been a difficult week for the State Department and for our country. We ve seen the heavy assault on our post in Benghazi that took the lives of those brave men. We ve seen rage and violence directed at American embassies over an awful Internet video that we had nothing to do with.Then we have the families themselves:Transcript via TownhallTyrone Woods  father (who took notes about their meeting):  I gave Hillary a hug and shook her hand. And she said we are going to have the film maker arrested who was responsible for the death of my son She said   the filmmaker who was responsible for the death of your son Sean Smith s mother:  She s absolutely lying. She told me something entirely different at the casket ceremony. She said it was because of the video. Sean Smith s uncle:  Mrs. Clinton really has a problem embracing the truth. Glen Doherty s sister:  When I think back now to that day and what she knew, it shows me a lot about her character that she would choose in that moment to basically perpetuate what she knew was untrue. On ABC s This Week, Clinton family retainer, George Stephanopoulos, revisited the issue   I have no idea why other than some misbegotten effort to  set the record straight    and got this response:https://youtu.be/jAUDS-aLGjISTEPHANOPOULOS: Did you tell them it was about the film? And what s your response?CLINTON: No. You know, look I understand the continuing grief at the loss that parents experienced with the loss of these four brave Americans. And I did testify, as you know, for 11 hours. And I answered all of these questions. Now, I can t   I can t help it the people think there has to be something else there. I said very clearly there had been a terrorist group, uh, that had taken responsibility on Facebook, um, between the time that, uh, I   you know, when I talked to my daughter, that was the latest information; we were, uh, giving it credibility. And then we learned the next day it wasn t true. In fact, they retracted it. This was a fast-moving series of events in the fog of war and I think most Americans understand that.So we have Hillary blaming the video at the arrival of the caskets. We have all four families agreeing that they were told it was a video. We have Hillary on record blaming the video in the week after the attack. And now she says it never happened.This woman is a pathological liar. The sad thing is that she could probably pass a lie detector test. Via: Red State ",0
16831,NOT TO BE MISSED! The Brilliant Daniel Hannan On Socialism Versus Liberty: “Hitler was a socialist” [Video],Wish we could clone this guy   we love Daniel Hannan! We couldn t have said it better! ,0
16832,BOMBSHELL: U.S.DEFENSE SECRETARY ADMITS Obama Regime Led Iran To U.S. Navy Boats [VIDEO],"No wonder Obama didn t offer up a prayer, or utter a single word about the arrest of our US Sailors before, during or after his embarrassing SOTU speech  It doesn t matter if  the 3 a.m. phone call  comes in the middle of the day. Not only will the Obama administration not answer it, but they ll aid our enemies instead.First came the fact that President Barack Obama refused to address the arrest of 10 of our sailors by the Iranian military after their boats had mechanical trouble at sea. Then came news that the Obama administration had offered the Iranians an apology for the release of the sailors.Now comes the disturbing revelation, apparently delivered by Defense Secretary Ashton Carter, that the Obama administration tipped off the Iranians that our soldiers were lost at sea and requested their aid.The news came from Rep. Louie Gohmert, R-Texas, during an interview on TheBlaze s Dana Loesch shortly after Iran s arrest of the sailors had come to light. I understand that (Secretary of State) John Kerry has indicated, look, when he got word, he and Ash Carter called the Iranians to help take care of our Navy guys, because they had some mechanical problems,  Gohmert said. When our Navy ships have problems, we don t call Iran. We call the rest of the Navy. We can call the Air Force, the Army, the Marines, Coast Guard. We don t call Iran,  Gohmert said.Via: Conservative TribuneEither Col. Ralph Peters was right about Obama, or we have a bonafide traitor in the White House ",0
16833,MARKET CRASH! Obama’s Speech 3 Days Ago: “Anyone claiming that America’s economy is in decline is lying” [VIDEO],"1.5 TRILLION Net Wealth Lost In 15 Days!It s never about America, when it comes to this fraud.  It s not about telling the truth about our economy or about the accepting responsibility for 93.8 million unemployed Americans. It s only about this egomaniac and his false legacy The stock market route is starting to get really expensive   destroying $2.3 trillion from the market s top last year and $1.5 trillion in net wealth just this year.The giant companies that predominantly populate the Standard & Poor s 500 have fallen an average of 9.2% this year   which when translated into dollars   is real money. Real big money. The S&P 500 is down 8.1% this year already   including another 2.3% Friday   in what s been one of the worst starts to a year ever. Since the market peak on May 21, 2015, the market has declined 11.9%.Here s our Liar In Chief, who s clearly more concerned about his legacy than the actual truth:Latest on markets:The biggest wealth destroyers in the S&P 500 from the high have been gadget maker Apple (AAPL), pipeline company Kinder Morgan (KMI) and corporate software company Oracle (ORCL)   crushing $224 billion, $63 billion and $49.6 billion in market value, respectively, from the May 21, 2015 top.S&P 500 STOCKS THAT DESTROYED THE MOST SHAREHOLDER WEALTH FROM THE MAY 21, 2015 TOPCompany, Symbol, % lost from high, $ market value erased from the high ($ billions)Apple, AAPL, -26.9%, -$224.4Kinder Morgan, KMI, -69.5%, -$63.5Berkshire Hathaway, BRKA, -22.7%, -$49.6Wal-Mart Stores, WMT, -13.3%, -$47.5Qualcomm, QCOM, -18.3%, -$46.4Source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAYThis year, most of the money is being shredded by the giant companies that many U.S. investors loaded up on during the bull including gadget maker Apple, online retailer Amazon.com (AMZN) and online advertising firm Alphabet (GOOGL).When it comes to destroying market value, Apple is in a class of its own. The company has erased a staggering $51.1 billion in investor wealth this year following its 8.8% decline this year to $96 a share. More than $200 billion in market value has been erased by just this one stock from the market high   which is more than a vast majority of big companies are worth.Red hot retailer Amazon is down a whopping 16% this year   after more than doubling in value in 2015. That means investors in Amazon are down $49 billion this year.Google s parent Alphabet is also taking the shredder to investors  money   falling 8.6% this year to $46.2 billion.When you see how much money is being erased by the biggest companies   you can see why this sell-off is getting uncomfortable   and expensive.Nothing s changed in the past 6 years. He s still lying. Too bad our friend, Rep. Joe Wilson (R-SC) wasn t available for comment at this year s SOTU.S&P 500 STOCKS THAT DESTROYED THE MOST SHAREHOLDER WEALTH THIS YEARCompany, Symbol, % lost YTD, $ market value erased YTD ($ billions)Apple, AAPL, -8.8%, -$51.1Amazon.com, AMZN, -15.6%, -$49.3Alphabet, GOOGL, -8.6%, -$46.2Microsoft, MSFT, -7.8%, -$34.4JPMorgan Chase, JPM, -13.4%, -$32.7Facebook, FB, -9.9%, -$29.4Wells Fargo, WFC, -9.9%, -$27.5Citigroup, C, -17.4%, -$26.9General Electric, GE, -8.4%, -$24.6Bank of America, BAC, -14%, -$24.5Intel, INTC, -14%, -$24.5Cisco Systems, CSCO, -11.8%, -$16.2Home Depot, HD, -9.3%, -$15.6Source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY",0
16834,IRAN VIOLATES INTERNATIONAL LAW….Spineless John Kerry Apologizes to Iran,"You can believe that if this incident with Iran kidnapping our sailors had happened under a Republican president, you would be hearing 24/7 about this. I digress, this wouldn t have happened if we had a president who had the least bit of a backbone. The entire incident is simply unbelievable! Here s a little background into the female sailor who is seen in the photos wearing a headscarf:This photograph violates international law. Article 13 of the Geneva Convention (III), governing the treatment of prisoners of war, requires Iran to protect prisoners against  insults and public curiosity. This photograph   including a female sailor apparently forced to wear a headscarf   is a quintessential example of  public curiosity  and would be interpreted as insulting throughout the Muslim world. (And if you don t think Iran is in a state of armed conflict against the United States, tell that to the families of hundreds of American soldiers who ve lost their lives to Iranians and Iranian-backed terrorists.)Female Sailor in the corner in this picture:The sight of members of the American military, disarmed and under Iranian control, is of enormous propaganda value in Iran s ongoing war against the United States. To its allies in the Middle East, the photo demonstrates Iran s strength   how many jihadist countries have had this many American servicemembers under their power?   and it demonstrates American weakness.Then there s this:  This time, the Americans were cooperative in proving their innocence, and they quickly accepted their faults without resistance,  the analyst, Hamidreza Taraghi, said in a phone interview. The Marines apologized for having strayed into Iranian waters. Never fear, John Kerry made friends with the Iranians, and that made all the difference: Also playing a role was the strong relationship that has developed between Mr. Kerry and the Iranian foreign minister, Mohammad Javad Zarif, during negotiations on the nuclear deal, Mr. Taraghi said.John Kerry and Zarif were on the phone during the past hours, and this helped the problem to be resolved quickly due to their direct contact,  he said.Nations that take illegal propaganda photos, crow about their seizure of American boats, confiscate part of their equipment, and then point to our allegedly admitted faults aren t  easing tensions,  they re flexing their muscles. I m glad our sailors and boats are back in American hands   minus, apparently, their GPS equipment   but once again Iran has thumbed its nose at the U.S., demonstrating that it does what it wants   whether it s testing missiles, launching rockets near U.S. warships, or taking, questioning, and photographing American sailors who (allegedly) stray into Iranian waters.Read more at: National Review",0
16835,BOOM! Danish Government Considers Seizing Migrant’s Valuables To Pay For Benefits,"Is the European gravy train finally coming to an end?The Danish parliament is considering a bill to seize migrants  valuables to pay for their benefits.The leftists are very upset about this commonsense legislation. Daily Sabah reported:A controversial Danish bill to seize migrants  valuables to pay for their stay in asylum centers looks set to pass in parliament after the government on Tuesday secured a parliamentary majority.Parliament was set to begin a series of debates on the bill yesterday, ahead of a vote on Jan. 26. Faced with a storm of criticism, Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen, whose right-wing Venstre party is behind the plan, called it  the most misunderstood bill in Denmark s history. His minority government and its right-wing allies, the far-right Danish People s Party (DPP), the Liberal Alliance and the Conservative People s Party, reached an agreement on the bill on Tuesday with the opposition Social Democrats, meaning it is now supported by a majority of parties in parliament.The amended bill would allow Danish authorities to seize migrants  cash exceeding 10,000 kroner ($1,450), as well as any individual items valued at more than 10,000 kroner.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
16836,THE TRUE STORY OF BENGHAZI: “13 HOURS” Is Getting Rave Reviews…Could This Movie End Hillary’s Campaign?," 13 Hours  debuted in movie theaters today. So far, it s getting rave reviews. Do supporters of Hillary and Barack Obama even care about the truth?Here s one of the first reviews of 13 HOURS: Here is the official 13 HOURS movie trailer:Even though evidence shown during her testimony proved Hillary was lying, her supporters still moved forward with her nomination. Watch this incredible footage:",0
16837,THIS INTERNATIONAL COMPANY Is Luring Refugees And Illegals To America…Do You Buy Meat From Them?,"Are you tired of supporting companies who are couldn t care less about the future of this nation? Are you tired of giving jobs to people who break laws to enter our country or who are being vetted by the UN and coming here through a State Department sponsored program on our dime? Then take a stand and STOP supporting them! When I saw the article at the Wall Street Journal this morning that gushes about how wonderful it is that the International Rescue Committee is giving out loans to refugees to start businesses, but goes on to talk about the industries in need of cheap immigrant labor, I wanted to scream.Four meat giants are changing the face of rural America, Cargill is one of those. It is all about cheap labor! It is all about money!Meet globalist and CEO of Cargill, David MacLennan, in Davos. One of the key players in changing rural towns in America by working with the US State Department and refugee contractors to bring in large numbers of Somali workers.Today we posted about how Amarillo, TX is under enormous social and economic tension. It is Cargill that was originally responsible for overloading (with the help of UN/US State Department refugee resettlement contractors) that city.Last week it was Cargill caving to CAIR demands in a dispute about prayer break times at their plant in Ft. Morgan, CO.One of the most important features of this new blog  American Resistance 2016! is to showcase the enemy. I want those responsible for mass migration to America to become household names! Here is a list of the products you will find on Cargill s website: Swift Pork productsList of Beef productsList of Chicken productsList of additional FOOD productsHere is a map showing Cargill s facilities across North America:And, for your work in Election 2016, I want you all to identify which of your elected officials are in the pockets of BIG MEAT! and expose them!Refugee resettlement is not about  humanitarianism!  It is about globalists and greedy industries wanting to improve their bottom lines the social and economic condition of your towns and cities be damned! Via: Refugee Resettlement Watch",0
16838,"OBAMA GIVES UN Authority To Vet 9,000 “Refugees” From Latin America To U.S.","As Obama begins his campaign for UN General Secretary on the US taxpayer s dime, keep a close eye on the many responsibilities of our federal government he ll be ceding to a corrupt body of human rights violators and political whores. Remember when people used to laugh at Americans who talked about a  one world order?   It s not so funny anymore, is it? The Obama administration is turning to the United Nations to help screen migrants fleeing violence in Central America, senior administration officials said Tuesday, and to help set up processing centers in several Latin American countries in the hopes of stemming a flood of families crossing the southern border illegally.Designed to head off migrants from three violence-torn countries in the region before they start traveling to the United States, the new refugee resettlement program will be announced by Secretary of State John Kerry on Wednesday in Washington. Under the plan, the United Nations refugee agency will work with the United States to set up processing centers in several nearby countries, where migrants would be temporarily out of danger.As it does in other places, the United Nations will determine if the migrants could be eligible for refugee status. The administration officials said thousands   perhaps as many as 9,000   migrants each year from the three countries, El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras, could eventually settle in the United States. But some refugees would also be sent to other countries in the hemisphere, officials said.For entire story: NYT",0
16839,DID IRAN RELEASE This Footage Of Captured U.S. Sailor Apologizing To Humiliate America?,"And what about the female sailor in the headscarf? What was that all about? Do all the female hostages of Iranian Revolutionary Guard have to wear headscarfs so as not to offend them? This whole capture of the Navy boats and the hostage taking of our U.S. Sailors just wreaks of something that s been in the workings and was not as spontaneous as Obama s spokes liar would have us believe Iranian state-controlled news outlet Tasnim released video Wednesday afternoon that shows a U.S. sailor apologizing for purportedly infringing upon Tehran s sovereignty.Pictures published by #Iran state TV from the moment #US marine were arrested. pic.twitter.com/bcEKaJGPb9  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016Pictures published by #Iran state TV from the moment #US marine were arrested. pic.twitter.com/YQakdKmqi3  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016On Tuesday, Iran seized two U.S. naval boats, arguing they illegally entered Iran s territorial waters. The Pentagon said they encountered mechanical troubles, forcing their boats to go off course.First footage from the moment when #US sailors were captured by #Iran's #IRGC. #Marines pic.twitter.com/7BeJLlGfNn  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016Part 2: First footage from the moment when #US sailors were captured by #Iran's #IRGC.#marines pic.twitter.com/vFyto44oGD  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016Footage of #US marines having Iranian #food while they were held in #Iran.#marines#navy#Pentagon pic.twitter.com/mtk2J0Yef9  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016 It was a mistake, it was our fault, and we apologize for our mistake,  an unidentified sailor told the Iranian interviewer, who then asked him if his GPS system penetrated Iran.  I believe so,  he responded.#Iran state TV showed a footage in which the commander of #US sailors made an apology.#navy#Pentagon pic.twitter.com/VCdjEZiY54  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016In another segment of the interview, the sailor held by the Iranians is asked,  How was the Iranian behavior with you?  He responds,  The Iranian behavior was fantastic while we were here. We thank you very much for your hospitality and your assistance. Did you have special problem  with us, the interviewer asked.  We have no problem, sir,  the U.S. sailor responded.Video: One of #US sailors says Iranians behavior with them was ""fantastic"" & they had no problem. #Iran pic.twitter.com/vgVlrkzdvh  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016What do you think? Does anyone else believe this was a test run for something more serious?Via: Breitbart News",0
16840,MIGRANTS BRUTALLY GANG RAPE 3 YR OLD BOY At Asylum Center In Norway,"The world is stunned by the number of women and children who are being raped by Muslim  refugees  in Europe. Obama just announced today, that he would  aggressively defend  plans to accept  refugees  from Muslim majority nations. He even went so far as to say he would actually increase the number of refugees the US accepts overall this year A three-year-old migrant has allegedly been raped by multiple people at an asylum centre in the Norwegian city of Stavanger.Police are investigating the incident amid claims the boy was abused in the shared common area of the asylum centre, possibly within view of many people. We have no suspects yet,  police superintendent Bj rn K re Dahl told local paper Stavanger Aftenblad.  We are investigating the case as if the worst thing has happened and that we are talking about the rape of a child. He did not rule out that there may be several perpetrators:  We will investigate further to find out what happened. If it is what we fear   a rape   then this is very serious. But we do not know for certain yet. The Local reports the boy has been taken to a rape crisis centre along with his mother and is now at the children s ward in Stavanger Hospital. He has been questioned by authorities along with several others. We also had crime technicians on the site. Material was sent to the Norwegian Institute of Public Health for analysis. There, they will look for DNA among other things,  Mr Dahl added. We had many people at work, both sanitation workers and security guards, but nobody saw anything. But we immediately took the case to the police, as is the routine, and they came out. We have had a good dialogue with them throughout. A spokesman for the asylum centre said they received a phone call about the incident last Wednesday, but did not want to go into details about the conversation. We had many people at work, both sanitation workers and security guards, but nobody saw anything. But we immediately took the case to the police, as is the routine, and they came out. We have had a good dialogue with them throughout,  the spokesman added.There are around 800 migrants at the asylum centre, including men, women and children. The boy was reportedly at the centre with his family. Via: Breitbart London",0
16841,OBAMA READY TO DO BATTLE With America: Will “aggressively defend” Bringing Muslim Refugees To U.S.,"Thanks to the funding our GOP majority Congress approved at the end of the year, Obama plans to actually increase the number of refugees (Muslims) he will bring to the US. To hell with our national security. It s all about the votes White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough on Wednesday said that the Obama administration is prepared to  aggressively defend  the United States  plans to accept refugees from Syria as some American lawmakers demand that the government apply stricter background checks to refugees from Syria and Iraq.When asked at a Christian Science Monitor breakfast in Washington, D.C. how the administration will address some lawmakers  calls for the government to apply greater scrutiny to certain refugees entering the country, McDonough said that the administration sees the resettlement of Syrian refugees as a priority and also as a policy it will have to defend. My hunch is that it will continue to be controversial, for the reasons the President pointed out in the speech last night,  McDonough said.He said that the administration will continue to make the point that accepting refugees adds  immeasurably to the national interest  and is prepared to put up a fight against those who oppose current policies. We re going to get out there and aggressively defend that,  he said. That will be tough to beat, as it was last year,  McDonough said of the administration s focus on accepting refugees.  And we ll see how it goes. But we won t shy from it. The chief of staff also said that the administration plans to expand the number of refugees the U.S. accepts overall and that he believes the budget passed by Congress allows them to do so.Via: TPM",0
16842,IRAN Announces Reason For Arresting US Sailors…They Were Teaching Congress A Lesson?,"Of course, our Secretary of State has everything under control. It is being reported, that John Kerry has already apologized to Iran. Obama s total avoidance of this issue during his SOTU speech speaks volumes about how these jack-holes handle a military crisis with terror states It almost makes one wonder if this was Obama s idea? Congress has been standing in the way of his  progress  with Iran for some time now (even some in his own party). And we all know by now, there is really nothing Barack Obama will stop at to get his way Iran s army chief said on Wednesday the seizure of two U.S. navy boats and their 10 sailors should be a lesson to members the U.S. Congress trying to impose new sanctions on Tehran. This incident in the Persian Gulf, which probably will not be the American forces  last mistake in the region, should be a lesson to troublemakers in the U.S. Congress,  Major General Hassan Firouzabadi, head of Iran s armed forces, was quoted as saying by Tasnim news agency. Via: Yahoo NewsAli Fadavi, commander of the IRGC Navy, said that Tehran had missiles locked on the United States at the time of the incident. They were in sight of our missiles,  Fadavi said in Persian, according to a statement carried by the IRGC s official news outlet.  If this had happened, it would have led to their annihilation. We had high preparedness with coast-to-sea missiles, rocket-firing fast boats, and various capabilities,  he said.  We prevented their additional irresponsible movement with the statements we broadcasted internationally. It was proven to them that the IRGC Navy has the first and final word. The U.S. cannot stand up to Iran, according to Fadavi. The result of that battle is the annihilation and sinking of their battleships,  he said.  This is while in those 40 minutes [when the U.S. sailors were apprehended], it was clear that Americans were under psychological pressure, to the extent that they did not behave in a manner expected from a professional and responsible force. The Obama administration denied that an apology was offered to Iran. Vice President Joe Biden told CBS that  there was no looking for any apology. When you have a problem with the boat, [do] you apologize the boat had a problem? No,  Biden said.  And there was no looking for any apology. This was just standard nautical practice. Iran  realized [the sailors] were there in distress and said they would release them, and released them like ordinary nations would do,  Biden said.State Department Spokesman John Kirby also issued a denial on Twitter. ",0
16843,MAN MAKES VIRAL VIDEO: Demonstrates How Obama Made Himself Cry During Gun Control Speech,"(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Obama Tears Share thisPosted by Dave Sayen on Thursday, January 7, 2016Don t take our word for it, watch Obama s speech on gun control in December, 2012. Pay close attention to the 1:01 mark, where he rubs his left index finger into the corner of his eye (exactly like he did last week) pauses, (like he did last week) puts his head down and pauses a bit longer (waiting for the menthol to work) and then (exactly like last week) he lifts his head and exposes the tears flowing, but only from the eye he put his finger in before tears ever began flowing:This is a character issue. Whether you disagree or agree with his gun control agenda is not the issue here. The point is, if the elected leader of the greatest nation on earth is willing to stand in front of millions and place menthol in his eye in order to make himself cry fake tears, to persuade Americans we need gun control, why should Americans believe ANYTHING he has to say?",0
16844,EPA Chief Reveals Her ‘Trashy’ Upbringing And What She’s Sure All Families Did Pre-EPA,EPA Chief Gina McCarthy reveals a bad habit her family had and one she s sure all other American families had as well. Does anyone believe this? I know I was taught not to do this and really don t know anyone who just flings stuff out the window. This woman is the same woman who believes we re all nuts if we don t follow along with the global warming scam  ,0
16845,BREAKING: OBAMA JUST RELEASED GITMO Prisoner Who Said He Would “Kill Americans” If He Was Released [VIDEO],"// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Gitmo detainee, who said he would kill Americans if he was released, has just been freed Posted by Fox & Friends on Tuesday, 12 January 2016Representative Louie Gohmert (R-TX) eviscerates Obama and his regime for the release of this terrorist:",0
16846,MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD AFFILIATE INVITED To Obama’s State Of The Union…Will This Terror Group Also Be Invited?,"So in an effort to reach out to Muslims living in America, we need to invite groups that are tied to terrorists? Why stop at groups like CAIR? Why not invite ISIS? Perhaps we missed it, but we haven t seen the list of prominent Christian leaders invited to Obama s SOTU, who will represent the worldwide mass persecution of Christians As many as 25 House Democrats are expected to have Muslim guests during Tuesday night s State of the Union speech. It s in response to a call from Democratic National Committee chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison, the first Muslim voted into Congress, to counter an  alarming rise in hateful rhetoric against Muslim Americans and people of the Islamic faith worldwide. The gesture might not generate much more than a shrug, except that in at least two cases, Democrats invited officials from a group the FBI formally avoids due to historic ties to a Hamas support network.Delray Beach Rep. Alcee Hastings invited Nezar Hamze, regional operations director for the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) in Florida. And San Jose, Cal. Rep. Zoe Lofgren invited Sameena Usman, a 10-year veteran government relations official with CAIR s San Francisco chapter, the Investigative Project on Terrorism has learned.CAIR officials routinely accuse federal law enforcement of entrapping otherwise innocent and peaceful Muslims in order to gin up terrorism prosecutions. Hamze s colleagues in CAIR-Florida are helping a family sue the FBI over the 2013 fatal shooting of a terror suspect who attacked agents after extensive questioning. Usman s office published a notorious poster urging Muslims to  Build a Wall of Resistance [and] Don t Talk to the FBI.  For its part, the FBI cut off contact with CAIR, except in investigations, in 2008 based on evidence its agents uncovered which placed CAIR in a Hamas-support network in the United States. Until it can be shown that those connections no longer exist, an FBI official explained in 2009, CAIR is not  an appropriate liaison partner. In addition, several CAIR officials have compared Israel to ISIS.Calls to press contacts in Lofgren and Hastings  offices were not returned Monday.Last month, the IPT provided exclusive details from eyewitness accounts about CAIR s creation, including an account of how a co-founder sought approval from the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood for CAIR s bylaws, and how Executive Director Nihad Awad s move to Washington was  in order to represent Hamas. Hastings and Lofgren either failed to check out their guests  employer or they don t care. These connections have nothing to do with the faith of CAIR officials. But the organization has a record that elected officials stubbornly insist should be ignored. Unfortunately, this is part of a pattern of outreach House Democrats seek out with the wrong people. Last month, CAIR-Florida s Hassan Shibly was invited to the White House for a discussion about religious discrimination. Then, as with the State of the Union speech, no one from the new Muslim Reform Movement   which issued a declaration clearly rejecting  interpretations of Islam that call for any violence, social injustice and politicized Islam  and standing for  peace, human rights and secular governance.  Via: Family Security Matters ",0
16847,MASS NYE SEXUAL ASSAULTS IN EUROPE EXPLAINED: [Video] Just An Innocent Rape Game Played By Muslims In Arab Nations,"This is possibly the most disturbing video we have ever posted on our website. This is an example of the  rape game  called  Taharrush  German authorities now admit the Muslim migrants brought the  Taharrush  rape game to Europe and showcased it New Year s Eve. Sexual attacks on Western women were reported in Cologne, Berlin, Hamburg, Bielefeld, Frankfurt, D sseldorf and Stuttgart, Germany. Taharrush attacks were also reported in Sweden, Finland, Austria and Switzerland on New Year s Eve.Welcome to the New Europe. Speisa reported:After the NYE mass assaults against women in several European cities, the German Federal Criminal Police Office, BKA, now say that the Arab  rape game  Taharrush has established itself in Europe.In addition to the events in Cologne, police in Berlin, Hamburg, Bielefeld, Frankfurt, D sseldorf and Stuttgart have reported of similar incidents. In addition, police in Vienna and Salzburg in Austria and Zurich in Switzerland have raised the alarm about similar mass assaults against women by newly arrived Arab migrants. Also Sweden and Finland experienced the same on New Year s Eve.  The attacks range from sexual molestation to rape, says head of BKA, Holger M nch.The  rape game  Taharrush is about a large group of Arab men surrounding their victim, usually a Western woman or a woman wearing Western-style clothing, and then the women are subjected to sexual abuse.They surround the victim in circles. The men in the inner circle are the ones who physically abuse the woman, the next circle are the spectators, while the mission of the third circle is to distract and divert attention to what s going on.If there is enough men, the woman is dragged along by the mob, while the men take turns ripping her clothes off, grope her, and inserting fingers in her various body orifices.In December a Muslim migrant in Germany bragged on video about participating in a gangrape of a virgin in Germany:https://youtu.be/-3MvinY66r0Via: Gateway Pundit",0
16848,GA TOWN MANDATES GUN OWNERSHIP: Here’s What Happened To The Crime Rate…,"The results of this town s gun ownership mandate shows what happens when there are armed civilians out there In 1982, the little town of Kennesaw, Georgia passed an ordinance that every able bodied family must own a gun. Here is the text of the ordinance:(a) In order to provide for the emergency management of the city, and further in order to provide for and protect the safety, security and general welfare of the city and its inhabitants, every head of household residing in the city limits is required to maintain a firearm, together with ammunition therefore.(b)Exempt from the effect of this section are those heads of households who suffer a physical or mental disability which would prohibit them from using such a firearm. Further exempt from the effect of this section are those heads of households who are paupers or who conscientiously oppose maintaining firearms as a result of beliefs or religious doctrine, or persons convicted of a felony.An amendment to the gun ownership law grants exceptions to convicted felons, conscientious objectors and those who cannot afford a gun.In 2007, there was a follow up, showing the effects of the law on crime and the city. The liberals of course warned that Kennesaw would become the Wild West. Like all liberal predictions, this one belongs in the sewer. (Make sure you flush twice, it s a long ways to DNC HQ) In the 25 years that the law had been in place as of 2007 not one murder or defensive shooting took place. The first murder finally did occur in 2014, 32 years into the ordinance. The population soared from 5,242 to 28,189. The year prior to the passage of the ordinance, the city had a crime rate of (4,332 per 100,000). That was higher than the national average of (3,899 per 100,000). As of 2007, the crime rate had dropped to (2,268 per 100,000). The current crime rate for Kennesaw has dropped to (1,760 Per 100,000)In fact, Family Circle Magazine ranked Kennesaw as one of the ten best cities for families to live in. Kennesaw came in at Number 5. Kennesaw is far from being the one exception to the rule.The DOJ released a report that covered the years 1993 to 2011, a period in which gun ownership soared. What did they find? In 1993 there were 18,253 gun deaths. In 2011 there were just 11,101. Even more startling is that non fatal shootings dropped by 69%!!What about the liberal propaganda that gun shows are the case of most gun shootings because there are no background checks? The DOJ found that gun felons in federal prisons got just 2% of their guns from gun shows. 10 percent said they purchased their gun from a retail shop or pawnshop, 37 percent obtained it from family or friends, and another 40 percent obtained it from an illegal source.Concealed carriers also assisted in dropping crime rates during the years of the Obama caliphate. The number of concealed carry permits in 2007 was 4.6 million and has now soared to 12.8 million. That number is actually much higher since 8 states now do not require a concealed carry permit. During this same period, gun deaths dropped from 5.6 million to 4.2 million per 100,000.Harvard studied gun policies around the world and found to their astonishment that more guns mean less crime.One last item. What about the vaunted Gun free Zones? Are they working? Yes, but only for mass murderers. Since the 1950s, all but two mass shootings took place in gun free zones.Via: The PC Graveyard",0
16849,"Which States Are Americans Are Moving From, Where Are They Moving To…And Why?","Not everyone is moving for the same reason, but one thing is clear by these results Americans are sick of high taxes and an overburdensome state government and their moving on to more resident friendly states A low cost of living, no sales tax, and beautiful scenery (oh, naked bike rides, more strip clubs per capita than any other US city, and legalized weed) means Oregon is the  top moving destination  for Americans for the third year running, according to United Van Lines, with 69% of moves inbound. But, which states are Americans leaving in droves?Americans continue to pack up and head West and South, according to new data from United Van Lines.Oregon is the most popular moving destination of 2015 with 69 percent of moves to and from the state being inbound. The state has continued to climb the ranks, increasing inbound migration by 10 percent over the past six years. New to the 2015 top inbound list is another Pacific West state, Washington, which came in at No. 10 with 56 percent inbound moves.Moving In   The top inbound states of 2015 were:Oregon South Carolina Vermont Idaho North Carolina Florida Nevada District of Columbia Texas WashingtonThe Northeast continues to experience a moving deficit with New Jersey (67 percent outbound) and New York (65 percent) making the list of top outbound states for the fourth consecutive year. Two other states in the region   Connecticut (63 percent) and Massachusetts (57 percent)   also joined the top outbound list this year. The exception to this trend is Vermont (62 percent inbound), which moved up two spots on the list of top inbound states to No. 3.Moving Out   The top outbound states for 2015 were:New Jersey New York Illinois Connecticut Ohio Kansas Massachusetts West Virginia Mississippi MarylandSimply put, Americans are moving from heavily-regulated, bureaucratic, high cost-of-living states to more affordable states.This year s data from United Van Lines  Via: Zero Hedge",0
16850,Taxpayer Funded Left-Wing Church Organization Will BREAK LAW To Hide ILLEGAL ALIENS (2016 Democrat Voters) From Authorities,"This isn t just any church organization, this is a  church organization  that takes in $45 MILLION in taxpayer funds every year! Why do we give them so much money? Because they re bringing MOSTLY MUSLIM refugees into our country where they ll get housing, food, clothing, education and spending money with MORE of  OUR tax dollars. They ll also be fast-tracked to citizenship. What s the end goal? The fundamental transformation of America Ohio  peace and justice  groups getting ready to break the law and hide aliens from Obama illegal alien raids, click here.The recent Obama Administration order to round up illegal aliens (a tiny number!) and deport them is simply a ploy to fire up the No Borders movement, the Democrat base, in this all important election year.Church World Service will be hiding illegal aliens!Here is a story about the hard Left Church World Service, a federal refugee resettlement contractor, which uses $45 million of your dollars every year to change America by changing the people, is setting up hiding places throughout America where illegal aliens can be placed out of the reach of federal ICE agents.There should be a law, if you break federal immigration law, you lose your federal funding (come on wimps in Congress!).They want to resurrect the glory days (as they saw them) where churches broke the law and helped Central Americans get into America and then hid them until they could be spread out to towns across the US. It was called The Sanctuary Movement.***It is so apparent that this deportation order is part of a Democrat strategy, most likely cooked up in the White House, because (have you noticed!) no one blasts Obama personally (as they would if this were George Bush or Donald Trump).Religious groups and activists vowed Wednesday to offer refuge to illegal immigrants who are the targets of ongoing federal raids meant to combat a new wave of border-crossing from Central America.The announcement recalled the sanctuary movement of the 1980s that provided safe haven to several thousand people fleeing civil wars in El Salvador and Guatemala, with churches in Los Angeles, Chicago and other cities sometimes filled with people seeking asylum in the United States.At the start of the year, the Obama administration launched a large-scale effort targeting those who have already been ordered to leave the country. About 120 adults and children have been apprehended in raids in several states.Central American illegal aliens are NOT refugees. They do not fit the long-understood definition that a refugee or asylum seeker must prove they would be persecuted if they returned to their home country.Escaping poverty or run-of-the-mill crime is not persecution, but these NO Borders activists have been for years attempting to blur the definition. And, that is mostly because when someone is defined as a refugee all welfare goodies flow their way and they can then bring in the family they left behind. (Of course the WaPo isn t going to explain any of that to its readers!).The effort, which is expected to include several hundred more apprehensions, has drawn sharp criticism from those who advocate for undocumented immigrants. They argue that Central Americans who are entering the country illegally should be offered the same protections extended to Syrian refugees.Via: Refugee Resettlement WatchHere is the list of churches affiliated with the radical Church World Services group:Member CommunionsAfrican Methodist Episcopal Church African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church Alliance of Baptists American Baptist Churches USA Armenian Church of America (including Diocese of California) Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) Christian Methodist Episcopal Church Church of the Brethren Community of Christ The Coptic Orthodox Church in North America Ecumenical Catholic Communion The Episcopal Church Evangelical Lutheran Church in America Friends United Meeting Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America Hungarian Reformed Church in America International Council of Community Churches Korean Presbyterian Church in America Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church Mar Thoma Church Moravian Church in America National Baptist Convention of America National Baptist Convention, U.S.A., Inc. National Missionary Baptist Convention of America Orthodox Church in America Patriarchal Parishes of the Russian Orthodox Church in the U.S.A. Philadelphia Yearly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends Polish National Catholic Church of America Presbyterian Church (USA) Progressive National Baptist Convention, Inc. Reformed Church in America Serbian Orthodox Church in the U.S.A. and Canada The Swedenborgian Church Syrian Orthodox Church of Antioch Ukrainian Orthodox Church in America United Church of Christ The United Methodist Church",0
16851,KING OBAMA Plans To Finish Term Traveling Around The World,"There are so many reasons for this little coward to leave America and travel abroad for the duration of his term. Does he have knowledge of an imminent attack on America and wants to be overseas when it happens? Is he using taxpayer money to travel around the world campaigning for UN Secretary General? Perhaps he wants to be on the other side of the world when criminal proceedings against Hillary heat up? Plotting against America for seven straight years can be exhausting. Maybe he just needs a break? Or perhaps it s just as simple as wanting to hit some international golf courses on our dime. Whatever his reasons, we can be sure that the American taxpayer will once again, be stuck with a hefty bill as this fraud travels across the globe contributing to  the greatest danger our nation faces  as he spews dreaded CO2 into the environment.While Obama s scorched-earth policies continue to ravage America and beyond, the president will be busy touring the world for much of the duration of his term.The purpose is to  seal his foreign policy legacy,  according to Politico.Obama is planning to travel the globe to seal his foreign policy legacy https://t.co/iUK6SvPv8O | Getty pic.twitter.com/iwe5Zub5te  POLITICO (@politico) December 29, 2015Hold onto your hats folks, it could be a bumpy ride.According to Politico:Obama has asked aides to set a busy international travel schedule for him in his final year, with  half a dozen  trips already in the works and more potentially coming together. The travel will be aimed at cementing a foreign policy legacy he hopes will include the Trans-Pacific Partnership, increased attention to Asia, an opening of Latin America, progress against the Islamic State and significant global movement on climate change.Air Force One will tack on a lot of miles courtesy of American taxpayers, and no doubt, folks stuck at home trying to make enough money to pay increased healthcare premiums (if they re lucky enough to have a job) will be treated to countless photo-ops of the president here, there, and everywhere.All this and more wasn t lost on those who didn t appreciate the  news  of Obama s  legacy  Via: BPRWe d love to know why you think Obama will spend the duration of his term overseas .",0
16852,"Dear Liberal, Why I’m So Hostile…And How “Your political beliefs are a threat to liberty – not just for me, but for my three boys”","WOW! This is a powerful, must read letter that should be shared with every American Lately, I must admit that my hostility towards your political ilk has ramped up, pretty dramatically. No, it s not because we, at this point in my life, have a half-black president in the White House, and I m some closet racist who is becoming increasingly frustrated at the prospects of the White Man s power slipping through my fingers. I know that you ve accused our side of such nonsense, and the thought keeps you warm at night, but I can assure you that it is a comfortable fiction of which you should probably divest yourself.Now before I waste too much of your time, let s establish who I m talking to. If you believe that we live in an evil, imperialist nation from its founding, and you believe that it should be  fundamentally transformed , lend me your ears. If you believe that the free market is the source of the vast majority of society s ills and wish to have more government intervention into it, I m talking to you. If you believe that health care is a basic human right and that government should provide it to everyone, you re the guy I m screaming at. If you think minorities cannot possibly survive in this inherently racist country without handouts and government mandated diversity quotas, you re my guy. If you believe that rich people are that way because they ve exploited their workers and acquired wealth on the backs of the poor, keep reading. Pretty much, if you trust government more than your fellow American, this post is for you.First of all, let me say that we probably agree on more things than you think. Even between Tea Party Patriots and Occupy Wall-Streeters, I ve observed a common hatred of the insidious alliance between big business and big government. As Representative Paul Ryan (R-WI) so correctly noted, government should never be in the business of picking winners and losers in corporate America, and no person, organization, union, or corporation should have their own key to the back door of our government.Second, contrary to popular belief, conservatives really are concerned with the plight of the poor in this nation. You accuse us of being uncompassionate, hateful, racist, and greedy, but studies have shown that when it comes to charitable giving, conservatives are at least (if not more, depending on the study you read) as generous as liberals in caring for the poor. The difference between us is not in our attitude towards the problem   it s our attitude towards the solution. We believe that the government does practically nothing well (since without competition or a profit motive there is no incentive to do well) and has made the plight of the poor far worse than it would have ever been had government never gotten involved. For a stark example of this, look no farther than the condition of the black family in America since the  War on Poverty  began. You believe that more government is the answer, and that if we only throw more money at the problem, the problem will go away. We believe, as Reagan so aptly stated,Government is not the solution to our problems; government is the problem.Third, as people who might actually have to avail ourselves of a doctor s services at some point in our lives, we are just as concerned with the condition of America s healthcare system as you are. While we believe that America has the world s most capable physicians, has the world s most innovative pharmaceutical industry, and is on the cutting edge of medical technology, we also understand that the delivery system is far from perfect. However, unlike you, we see a grave danger in turning the administration of that delivery system over to the same entity that is responsible for giving us the United States Postal Service. There are private sector solutions that should certainly be explored before we kill the system, altogether, by giving it to the government to run.Now that we ve touched on a couple of points of common ground, allow me to explain my aggressiveness towards your efforts to implement your progressive agenda. First, let s talk about the word  progressive , since you now seem to prefer that word to  liberal . In order to label something as progressive or regressive, one must have some idea as to what constitutes progress. What is the ideal towards which you are striving? An idea is considered progressive if it moves us closer to the ideal and regressive if it moves us further away. So, what is your ideal society?Though I can t begin to discern the thoughts of every liberal who may read this, nor can I assume that every liberal has the same notion of an ideal society, in my arguments with liberals over the years, I couldn t help but notice the influence that FDR s Second Bill of Rights has had in shaping the beliefs of the modern liberal with regards to domestic policy. The rights that FDR cited are: The right to a useful and remunerative job in the industries or shops or farms or mines of the nation; The right to earn enough to provide adequate food and clothing and recreation; The right of every farmer to raise and sell his products at a return which will give him and his family a decent living; The right of every businessman, large and small, to trade in an atmosphere of freedom from unfair competition and domination by monopolies at home or abroad; The right of every family to a decent home; The right to adequate medical care and the opportunity to achieve and enjoy good health; The right to adequate protection from the economic fears of old age, sickness, accident, and unemployment; The right to a good education.At this point, you re probably screaming,  Right on!! , and who can blame you? What sane person in the world doesn t want everyone to be gainfully employed, adequately fed, smartly clothed, appropriately sheltered, and properly educated? These are the goals of every moral society on the planet, however we cannot ignore the fundamental question of,  At what cost? I m not sure whether FDR was a shallow thinker or simply a shrewd, Machiavellian politician, but the fact that he framed each of these ideals as a human right should be troubling to every freedom-loving person in America. After all, what does it mean for something to be a human right? Doesn t it mean that it s something to which you are entitled simply by virtue of your being human? Let s think about some of the basic rights that the real Bill of Rights delineates: freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom to petition the government, freedom to bear arms, freedom from illegal search and seizure, etc.If you re moderately intelligent and intellectually honest, you ll quickly see what separates the rights laid out in the real Bill of Rights from those laid out in FDR s misguided list   none of the rights listed above require the time, treasure, or talents of another human being.Your right to speak requires nothing from anyone else. Your right to practice your religion requires nothing from any of your fellow citizens. Your right to bear arms means that you are allowed to possess weapons to defend yourself and your family, but it makes no demand that a weapon be provided to you by anyone. A true human right is one that you possess, even if you re the only person on the entire planet   and it is unconditional.FDR s list is no  Bill of Rights . It s a list of demands. If I have a right to a job, doesn t that mean that one must be provided to me? If I have a right to adequate food, clothing, and recreation, doesn t that mean that I am entitled to those things, and someone should provide them to me? If I have an inherent right to a decent home, once again, doesn t that mean it should be provided to me, regardless of my ability to afford one or build one for myself?You might protest that FDR only meant that we have the right to pursue those things, but that s not what he said, and why would he? If we live in a free society, our right to pursue those things is self-evident, is it not? Besides, if he only believed in our right to pursue those things, he would not have felt the need to implement the New Deal.You may be getting anxious, now, wondering what FDR s Second Bill of Rights has to do with my antipathy towards your political philosophy. It s quite simple   your political beliefs are a threat to liberty   not just for me, but for my three boys and their children as well. I care much less about the America that I m living in at this very moment than I do about the one that I m leaving Nathaniel, Charlie, and Jackson.How does your political bent threaten my and my sons personal liberty, you ask? In your irrational attempt to classify things such as clothing, shelter, health care, employment, and income as basic human rights, you are placing a demand upon my time, my treasure, and my talents. If you believe that you have a right to health care, and you are successful in persuading enough shallow thinkers to think as you do, then it will place a demand upon me to provide it to you. If you believe that you have a right to a job, and more than half of America agrees with you, as a business owner, I am obligated to provide one to you, even if it means making my business less profitable.The fact is, you can rail against my conservatism all you wish. You can make fun of my Tea Party gatherings, and you can ridicule patriots in tri-corner hats until you wet yourself from mirth, but one thing is for certain: my political philosophy will NEVER be a threat to your freedom. If you feel a burning responsibility to the poor, conservatism will never prevent you from working 80 hours per week and donating all of your income to charity. If you feel a strong sense of pity for a family who cannot afford health insurance, my political philosophy will never prevent you from purchasing health insurance for this family or raising money to do so, if you cannot afford it, personally. If you are moved with compassion for a family who is homeless, a conservative will never use the police power of government to prevent you from taking that family in to your own home or mobilizing your community to build one for them.However, you cannot say the same for liberalism. If I choose not to give to the poor for whatever reason, you won t simply try to persuade me on the merits of the idea   you will seek to use the government as an instrument of plunder to force me to give to the poor. If we are walking down the street together and we spot a homeless person, using this logic, you would not simply be content with giving him $20 from your own pocket   you would hold a gun to my head and force me to give him $20, as well.Everything that modern liberalism accomplishes is accomplished at the barrel of a government rifle. You do not trust in the generosity of the American people to provide, through private charity, things such as clothing, food, shelter, and health care, so you empower the government to take from them and spend the money on wasteful, inefficient, and inadequate government entitlement programs. You do not trust in the personal responsibility of the average American to wield firearms in defense of themselves and their families, so you seek to empower the government to criminalize the use and possession of firearms by private citizens. Everytime you empower the government, you lose more of your personal liberty   it s an axiomatic truth.What angers me the most about you is the eagerness with which you allow the incremental enslavement to occur. You are the cliched and proverbial frog in the pot who has actually convinced himself that he s discovered a big, silver jacuzzi. Somehow, you re naive enough to believe that one more degree of heat won t really matter that much.I have the utmost respect for a slave who is continuously seeking a path to freedom. What I cannot stomach is a free man who is continuous seeking a path to servitude by willingly trading his freedom for the false sense of security that government will provide.I am reminded of Samuel Adams  impassioned speech where he stated: If ye love wealth (or security) better than liberty, the tranquillity of servitude than the animating contest of freedom,   go from us in peace. We ask not your counsels or arms. Crouch down and lick the hands which feed you. May your chains sit lightly upon you, and may posterity forget that ye were our countrymen!  Servitude can exist in a free society, but freedom cannot exist in a slave nation. In a free country, you have the liberty to join with others of your political ilk and realize whatever collectivist ideals you can dream up. You can start your own little commune where the sign at the front gate says,  From each according to his ability; to each according to his need , and everyone can work for the mutual benefit of everyone else. In my society, you have the freedom to do that.In your society, I don t have the same freedom. If your collectivism offends me, I am not free to start my own free society within its borders. In order for collectivism to work, everyone must be on board, even those who oppose it   why do you think there was a Berlin Wall?In conclusion, just know that the harder you push to enact your agenda, the more hostile I will become   the harder I will fight you. It s nothing personal, necessarily. If you want to become a slave to an all-powerful central government, be my guest. But if you are planning to take me and my family down with you, as we say down here in the South, I will stomp a mud-hole in your chest and walk it dry.Bring it.Jeremy N. Choateh/t Zero Hedge",0
16853,"OBAMA RAMPS UP Militarization Of EPA, FDA, VA While Obsessing Over Taking Guns From Citizens","Every American should be concerned and should be demanding answers from Washington about why we need to militarize these federal government agencies As the U.S. engages in a national debate over the militarization of the police, federal data shows that government agencies charged with largely administrative roles are spending tens of millions of taxpayer dollars to purchase SWAT and military-style equipment.Since FY 2006, 44 traditionally administrative agencies have spent over $71 million on items like body armor, riot helmets and shields, cannon launchers and police firearms and ammunition, according to federal spending data from watchdog group OpenTheBooks.comThis comes in addition to the $330 million spent on such equipment in that period by traditional law enforcement agencies like the FBI, Secret Service and Drug Enforcement Administration.Some examples of the purchases include:  Nearly $2 million spent by the Department of Veterans Affairs on riot helmets, defender shields, body armor, a  milo return fire cannon system,  armored mobile shields, Kevlar blankets, tactical gear and equipment for crowd control.  Over $300,000 spent by the Food and Drug Administration on  ballistic vests and carriers  in fiscal 2014. Via: Washington Times ",0
16854,“HILLARY WILL BE INDICTED”,"The question is who Obama will protect? Will he stand by his  Yes woman,  Attorney General Loretta Lynch, or will he provide cover for Hillary, allowing her to emerge as the successor to his corrupt two terms in office? Our money is on Obama protecting Attorney General Loretta Lynch if Valerie Jarrett has anything to do with it A former U.S. Attorney predicts a Watergate-style showdown in the Department of Justice if Attorney General Loretta Lynch overrules a potential FBI recommendation to indict Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. The [FBI] has so much information about criminal conduct by her and her staff that there is no way that they walk away from this,  Joseph diGenova, formerly the District of Columbia s U.S. Attorney, told Laura Ingraham in a Tuesday radio interview.  They are going to make a recommendation that people be charged and then Loretta Lynch is going to have the decision of a lifetime. I believe that the evidence that the FBI is compiling will be so compelling that, unless [Lynch] agrees to the charges, there will be a massive revolt inside the FBI, which she will not be able to survive as an attorney general. It will be like Watergate. It will be unbelievable. DiGenova is referring to the Watergate scandal s  Saturday Night Massacre  Oct. 20, 1973, when President Richard Nixon sacked Special Prosecutor Archibald Cox and Attorney General Elliot Richardson and Deputy Attorney General William Ruckelshaus resigned in protest. Via: Daily Caller ",0
16855,[VIDEO] DINESH D’SOUZA Warned Us About What The World Would Look Like If We Gave Obama Another Term In “2016: Obama’s America”…Was He Correct?,"Dinesh made some frightening predictions in his blockbuster movie,  2016: Obama s America.  Was he correct in his predictions? ",0
16856,BREAKING BOMBSHELL: State Department Busted In Cover Up Regarding Hillary’s Server,"They knew! Can you believe these people? FOX News reported earlier that the release of this report was delayed twice today. Now we know why they released it late. These people are sickening! Please never forget these American heroes left to die by this woman. The U.S. State Department told a watchdog group in 2013 that it didn t have any information about former secretary Hillary Clinton s emails, even though  dozens of senior officials  knew she was using a private server for all her electronic communications.A report released Thursday by the agency s inspector general   a powerful and impartial internal investigator   described a cavalier culture about transparency inside Clinton s agency, saying that 177 requests for documents about Clinton are still  pending  nearly three years after she left office. The Freedom of Information Act requires federal agencies to respond to requests for information within 20 business days. The botched FOIA request, filed in December 2012 just before Clinton left office, specifically asked whether or not Clinton used an email account other than one hosted at state.gov. Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, a liberal group, was reacting to news that former Environmental Protection Agency administrator Lisa Jackson had used an alias    Richard Windsor    to send and receive emails in a way that couldn t be tied to her when FOIA requests came in. In May 2013 the State Department responded to CREW s request, saying it had  no records  related to what the group asked for. By then, Clinton had spent four years emailing department employees from her private home-brew account, but had never turned the messages over to the State Department. That CREW request was filed in December 2012, just before Mrs. Clinton left office, and specifically asked whether Mrs. Clinton used anon-State.gov email account for government business.  At the time the request was received, dozens of senior officials throughout the Department, including members of Secretary Clinton s immediate staff, exchanged emails with the Secretary using the personal accounts she used to conduct official business,  the Office of Inspector General concluded.  OIG found evidence that the Secretary s then-Chief of Staff was informed of the request at the time it was received and subsequently tasked staff to follow up. However, OIG found no evidence to indicate that any of these senior officials reviewed the search results or approved the response to CREW.  The employees responsible for searching the State Department s records, the report says, never  searched any email records, even though the request clearly encompassed emails.  State has received an unprecedented crush of requests for Clinton-related documents   240 in all, a number bigger than those related to secretaries Madeline Albright, Colin Powell, Condoleeza Rice and John Kerry combined. But the inspector general found that the agency cut the number of people processing those FOIA requests as they poured in. Clinton s emails sat on her private server for years until the State Department asked her in 2014 to turn them over. She deleted more than half of the messages, calling them  personal  in nature, before complying. In the meantime, however, her emails were out of reach when federal employees searched for records that might satisfy FOIA requests.Read more: Daily Mail",0
16857,BREAKING: 19 Yr Old Ethiopian Immigrant Sentenced For Beating 97 Yr Old WWII Veteran To Death With Spatula In Iowa [VIDEO],"The mother of the 19 year old immigrant blames the murder of the WWII veteran, and the brutal beating of his wife on the violence their son was exposed to in an Ethiopian refugee camp. Unfortunately for the 97 year old WWII veteran and his wife, this immigrant family found a  safe place  in the United States <sarcasm> A Des Moines man who beat an elderly neighbor to death was sentenced Monday in a Polk County court.Last month, a judge found Ngor Makuey, 20, guilty of first-degree murder. Makuey broke into the home of Rupert and Harriet Anderson and attacked the couple, killing Rupert with a metal spatula. Via: KCCI Des Moine Moments before an elderly man was killed and his wife beaten, the 19-year-old accused killer asked his parents for permission to go for a walk. When he came home he had blood on his clothes. Now police are trying to figure out why a teen who has never been in trouble with the law could be accused of such a horrible crime.In a desperate plea for help, 94-year old Harriet Anderson called 9-1-1 after she and her husband were attacked in their home here on East 46th Street Wednesday evening.  Somebody got in the house and attacked me and my husband and I m all bloody. And I m an old woman,  Mrs. Anderson told the dispatcher.  And I m on the floor and my husband s been hit in the head. THE HORRIFIC 911 call can be heard here:Help would come too late. Anderson s husband, 97-year-old Rupert Anderson, a WWII veteran, died after the attack.Minutes after police arrived, 19-year-old suspected killer Ngor Makuey walked past the police car of one of the responding officers with blood on his sweatshirt. The police car s dash camera caught a shot of Makuey. It was shown to neighbors and he was arrested. Police say what makes this case so disturbing, there didn t seem to be a motive for the attack, and Makuey has no criminal history.  Zero history. I mean zero. There s nothing until last night,  said Des Moines Police Sergeant Jason Halifax,  (He) knocked on the door, and I think the initial request was something about a pet. No known connection between him and a pet. We don t believe he has a pet or had a pet there at any time. She made some comment about what the hours of the business are and then the assault begins. Makuey was found at his parents  home about a block away from the Andersons. He in charged with murder and attempted murder. Makuey is not a US citizen. His parents, who immigrated to the US from Ethiopia 12-years ago, think their son is innocent.The 19 yr old Ethiopian s mother apparently has a little trouble with the truth: I never seen that kid get in trouble with somebody else,  said Makuey s father, Jinud Ruath.  He s a very respectful child. And he never disrespects anyone. I ve never seen him get in a fight with other people.  Via: WHOTVMakuey s attorney used the insanity defense during the trial, but witnesses say they saw no signs of mental illness.Makuey received a sentence of life in prison plus two years sentence for Count 2 as well as ordered to pay a restitution of $150,000. Count 2 is assault with intent to commit serious injury. ",0
16858,"[VIDEO] GERMAN MAYOR Blames Victims Of Mass Rape, Sexual Assault By Muslim Migrants For Not Defending Themselves","Because blaming the Muslim migrants who raped and sexually assaulted an untold number of women on New Years Eve would be politically incorrect and certainly not very hospitable A political scandal is developing in Germany as ordinary citizens wake up to the scale of the migrant crime cover-up, and the callous reaction of the mayor of Cologne to mass-sex crime on new year s eve.The Mayor of Cologne has spoken out about the attacks, but her carefully chosen words are unlikely to delight many. Rather than addressing the root causes of the violence   unlimited mass migration and a totally failed system of integration   the newly elected pro-migrant mayor instead blamed the victims of the sexual abuse for having failed to defend themselves against the immigrant attackers.Here is a video of the shocking chaos that took place on New Years Eve:Speaking on live television this afternoon mayor Henriette Reker, who was near-fatally stabbed in the run up to October elections by an anti mass migration campaigner, said in future women would have to be better prepared in her city to deal with migrants.She remarked:  The women and young girls have to be more protected in the future so these things don t happen again. This means, they should go out and have fun, but they need to be better prepared, especially with the Cologne carnival coming up. For this, we will publish online guidelines that these young women can read through to prepare themselves .What form this guidance will take is presently unclear, the mayor could take inspiration from young victim whose modest clothes protected them from the worst consequences of walking at night in areas controlled by migrant men. The woman said:  Fortunately I wore a jacket and trousers. a skirt would probably have been torn away from me .Despite her words of warning towards women in the city they could prepare for more violence against them, she refuted the suggestion there was any link between the attacks and migrants, contradicting her own chief of police.An opposition council member has today sounded the alarm bell on the deteriorating state of control the local government has over the city of Cologne, and in an official letter from the council group has warned those planning to come to the famous Cologne council next month  the city and the police  are unable to guarantee the safety of locals and tourists .Council group leader and lawyer Judith Wolter said in her letter to the people of Cologne today:  I want as a member of the Cologne City Council  to submit a travel warning for the carnival time in Cologne city centre. Especially the area in and around the central station, the cathedral and the adjoining area towards the banks of the Rhine for tourists (and locals) is no longer considered even in normal times as safe. For months, there is in these areas numerous thefts, open drug dealing, robberies and harassment of all kinds  Dozens of women were sexually harassed in public and there was at least one rape. Neither the city nor the police are able to guarantee in the territory described the safety of tourists and locals. Especially for women it must be assumed that a high security risk is here in the evening and night hours. At New Year s Eve there was a legal vacuum and a no-go area for women. With the climax of the Carnival season it is unfortunately expected to be a similar situation .German police have admitted to losing several urban areas to migrant gangs as so-called no-go zones, but this is possibly the first time a public square in the centre of a European city has been acknowledged by officials as having been lost to criminality, and out of the control of police at night.News of the attacks was suppressed for days, with just short reports of isolated incidents in Cologne city centre making it to local outlets on New Year s Day.The Kolnifsche Rundschau described the scene at the railways station as  largely peaceful  and made no effort to describe those who attacked the young women, one of which told press she had  fingers on every orifice  after she was stripped near naked.Only after nearly 100 victims of assault and abuse came forwards to police, and stories of attacks started circulating on social media did the truth of the situation start to slowly emerge, forcing local police to hold a press conference on Monday afternoon.Despite the chief of police admitting the enormous scale of sexual assault and confirming the attackers were of  North African and Arab  origin, much of the mainstream media is still in damage control mode, either trying to shift the focus from migrants, or avoiding the events completely. Via: Breitbart News",0
16859,WOW! Watch Former Democrat Hammer Obama On His Weak Leadership And Hatred For America,"Unlike our racist, anti-American President, this brilliant Louisiana State Senator, Elbert Lee Guillory is color blind. He is not however, blind to Obama and his radical agenda. His comments represent what so many Americans believe about Obama and the liberal Democrat party. His plea for Obama to stop leaving America vulnerable to terrorists and nations who hate us is heartbreaking History will remember you, Mr. President as a weakling. From his Facebook page:  Today America is at war with ISIS. They attack our soldiers, our homeland and our friends. When our law abiding citizens need to protect our streets and communities most, President Obama chooses this same moment to limit OUR gun rights. This is my response to his unbelievable position. // <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Mr. President: Disarm ISIS, not Us.Today America is at war with ISIS. They attack our soldiers, our homeland and our friends. When our law abiding citizens need to protect our streets and communities most, President Obama chooses this same moment to limit OUR gun rights. This is my response to his unbelievable position. Mr. President: Disarm ISIS, not Us.Posted by Elbert Lee Guillory on Tuesday, January 5, 2016",0
16860,"BAM! Reporter Calls Out Obama White House: You ‘live in this illusion or fantasy where you pretend that things are, are not’ [Video]",You ll love this guy   he tells it like it is! ,0
16861,BEHIND THE CURTAIN: How Obama Plans To Prevent “Certain” Social Security Beneficiaries From Owning Guns,"There is nothing about Obama s executive order gun grab. Barack Hussein Obama has an agenda that, for some reason, no one in America seems to be able to stop. From the video showing fake tears flowing from Obama s left eye, to every false word uttered from his mouth, it is clear he will stop at nothing to fundamentally change America, just as he promised the American voter when he campaigned back in 2007. The White House released a fact-sheet Jan. 4 which previews the executive gun control Obama will unveil Tuesday and one aspect of the new controls is the inclusion of  information from the Social Security Administration in the background check system about beneficiaries who are prohibited from possessing a firearm. On July 18 Breitbart News reported on Obama s push to ban gun-possession for Social Security beneficiaries who are believed incapable of handling their own finances.At that same time, the Los Angeles Times reported that a ban was being put together  outside of public view,  so all the details were not known. But the Times did know that the ban would cover those who are unable to manage their own affairs for a multitude of reasons from  subnormal intelligence or mental illness  to  incompetency,  an unspecified  condition,  or  disease. The ban pertaining to Social Security beneficiaries is now tucked into the  mental health  aspects of Obama s executive gun control.According to the White House executive order preview:Current law prohibits individuals from buying a gun if, because of a mental health issue, they are either a danger to themselves or others or are unable to manage their own affairs. The Social Security Administration (SSA) has indicated that it will begin the rulemaking process to ensure that appropriate information in its records is reported to NICS. The reporting that SSA, in consultation with the Department of Justice, is expected to require will cover appropriate records of the approximately 75,000 people each year who have a documented mental health issue, receive disability benefits, and are unable to manage those benefits because of their mental impairment, or who have been found by a state or federal court to be legally incompetent. The rulemaking will also provide a mechanism for people to seek relief from the federal prohibition on possessing a firearm for reasons related to mental health.Again, the push for a ban on gun possession for certain Social Security beneficiaries was already in the works during the summer, but it is also incorporated into the  mental health  aspect of Obama s executive gun control.And this means that information on beneficiaries who meet the criteria of mental impairment demonstrated in part by an inability to manage their own benefits will be added to the National Instant Criminal Background System (NICS) so that the beneficiaries cannot buy a gun. Via: Breitbart News",0
16862,BREAKING: Iran Publicly Humiliates Obama…Unveils Second Underground Missile Capable Of Carrying Nuclear Warhead,"A clear violation of Obama s lopsided  deal  with Iran Hey Barry do you still think Iran wants to be our friend? What was the rush for America to cave to Iran while totally ignoring their nuclear ambitions?  Iran unveiled a new underground missile depot on Tuesday with state television showing Emad precision-guided missiles in store which the United States says can take a nuclear warhead and violate a 2010 U.N. Security Council resolution.The defiant move to publicize Iran s missile program seemed certain to irk the United States as it plans to dismantle nearly all sanctions on Iran under a breakthrough nuclear agreement.Tasnim news agency and state television video said the underground facility, situated in mountains and run by Iran s Revolutionary Guards, was inaugurated by the speaker of parliament, Ali Larijani. Release of one-minute video followed footage of another underground missile depot last October.The United States says the Emad, which Iran tested in October, would be capable of carrying a nuclear warhead and U.S. officials say Washington will respond to the Emad tests with fresh sanctions against Iranian individuals and businesses linked to the program.Iran s boasting about its missile capabilities are a challenge for U.S. President Barack Obama s administration as the United States and European Union plan to dismantle nearly all international sanctions against Tehran under the nuclear deal reached in July. Via: Reuters ",0
16863,MONTEL WILLIAMS Says Oregon Patriots Are “Undereducated Terrorist Buffoons” And National Guard Should “Shoot To Kill” Them,"He s pro-gun, pro-military, anti-fracking and anti-wrongful imprisonment of US veterans in Mexico. But TV personality Montel Williams has found himself in hot water with conservatives after making some outrageous claims on Twitter about the patriots protesting federal government overreach in Oregon:  And here, pro-gun and conservative (on some issues) Montel Williams, makes an apology for his comments on Twitter, along with an explanation about why he made them:// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Since I am trending apparently, let s clear somethings up about #OregonUnderAttack1) Some of you are incapable of Posted by Montel Williams on Monday, 4 January 2016Via: Weasel Zippers",0
16864,CROCODILE TEARS: Watch Obama Use Phony Outrage To Gain Sympathy For Gun Control,"Following Obama s phony tears, he launched directly into attack mode of the Republican majority Congress (who have already proven their not on our team) and the gun lobby. All of us need to demand a Congress brave enough to stand up to the gun lobbies lies. Every time I think about those kids it gets me mad,  he said, as he bowed his head for ultimate effect, and then boom as though he never shed a tear, the attack against Republicans and gun lobbies began.Where was his outrage when Kate Steinle was killed by an illegal alien in a Sanctuary City? Where was his outrage when cops were being killed as a result of his war against cops? Obama s selective outrage and faux tears aren t fooling anyone who s paying attention This isn t the first time Obama used a fake dramatic scene to promote his agenda. Remember this phony scene? Obama was in the middle of his speech promoting socialized medicine, but somehow was able to see a woman behind him about to pass out. Watch him save her just in the nick of time. ",0
16865,"WHEN IT COMES TO IRAN, Obama Just Can’t Help Himself: U.S. Allies Say Obama Has Secretly Chosen Sides In Saudi Arabia, Iran Conflict","The new cold war between Saudi Arabia and Iran has been going on for a while, but has now escalated to a critical stage.  It would be great if our President would take a stand and make his position known to the American public. But we re not dealing with just any President. We re dealing with Barack Hussein Obama, the guy who buddies up to terrorist and communist nations. We re talking about a President who treats our enemies like friends and many of our allies like enemies. Pay attention to this very important situation in the Middle East. It could get very ugly As the cold war between Iran and Saudi Arabia heats up, the Barack Obama administration is trying to straddle the fence and not take sides, but its actions tell a different story   they all seem to favor Tehran.Following the Saudi government s announcement Saturday that it had executed 47 prisoners, including a popular Shiite cleric, the U.S. State Department did two things. First, it issued a statement expressing concern that Riyadh s actions were  exacerbating sectarian tensions.  Then Secretary of State John Kerry called Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif, urging him to try to de-escalate the crisis.Spokesmen for the White House and State Department on Monday insisted that the U.S. was not taking a side, and that Kerry was set to call Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir. But U.S. and Arab diplomats tell us that America s Gulf allies, who feel most threatened by Iran, see things very differently.The State Department has criticized Saudi Arabia before for executions and its human rights record. But this time, its spokesman, John Kirby, undermined the Saudi claim that Iran s government was culpable for the attacks on its embassy, noting in his opening statement that Iran appears to have arrested some of those responsible.What s more, the Saudis argue that this time the U.S. criticism went too far because the cleric, Nimr al-Nimr, was inciting terrorism.  We do not accept any criticism of the kingdom s judicial system,  al-Jubeir said Sunday.  What happened was that those who have led terrorist operations that led to the killing of innocent people, were convicted. Following Saudi Arabia s decision Sunday to cut diplomatic ties and end Iran-bound commercial flights, Bahrain, Sudan and the United Arab Emirates also downgraded relations. One senior Gulf diplomat told us he expected other Sunni Arab states would follow suit.At the root of the problem for Sunni Arab states is the nuclear deal reached last summer by Iran and Western nations. When the White House sold the pact to Congress and Middle Eastern allies, its message was clear: Nothing in the deal would prevent the U.S. from sanctioning Iran for non-nuclear issues. Yet that has not been the case.Last week, the Treasury Department balked at the last moment on sanctioning 11 entities and individuals it deemed responsible for helping the Iranian government develop its ballistic missile program in violation of United Nations sanctions. Treasury officials had told lawmakers the new sanctions would be announced Dec. 30, but then the announcement never came.Hill staffers briefed on the issue said that the State Department had intervened at the last minute, following objections by the Iranian government. A senior administration official told us the sanctions weren t dead and that the U.S. was still working through some remaining issues, but didn t specify any timetable.A week earlier, Kerry wrote personally to Zarif to assure him that the Obama administration could waive new restrictions in a law passed by Congress that would require visas for anyone who had visited Iran to enter the United States. The Iranian government had objected that the visa requirement would violate the terms of the nuclear agreement.Read more: Bloomberg View",0
16866,Want To Know Where Your Meat Comes From? Those Days Are Over,"One word China That s the only reason you should be furious with our government that s usually overreaching but not so much in this case. Because we were being penalized by the WHO, we decided to stop requiring a country of origin on meat. Just to clue you in, here s one of our articles that will make you furious that the meat labels are gone:Yuck! It s bad enough that China had a dog meat festival last week but now this! The USDA just removed the country of origin off of meat but it needs to come back ASAP! If there s meat smuggling going on you really don t know where it originated, but if it s China I would like to make the informed choice not to buy their meat for this reason:Chinese authorities have seized more than 100,000 tonnes of smuggled meat   some of it more than 40 years old, according to state media.The frozen meat, estimated to be worth about  300 million (3bn yuan; $483m), was seized in a nationwide crackdown. It was smelly and I nearly threw up when I opened the door,  an official from Hunan province, where 800 tonnes were seized, told the AFP news agency. Poor standards have made food safety a major concern in China. According to state newspaper the China Daily, officials from Guangxi, a southern region bordering Vietnam, found meat dating back to the 1970s. Thawed several times: Some of the meat seized in Hunan province was found to have been refrozen after thawing out while in transit, according to the reports. Yang Bo, an anti-smuggling official in Hunan province, was quoted as saying food was often transported in ordinary rather than refrigerated vehicles to save money.  So the meat has often thawed out several times before reaching customers,  he said. The Hunan province haul reportedly included beef, chicken feet and duck necks. Authorities believe meat is smuggled into China via neighboring Hong Kong and Vietnam, from countries such as Brazil and India, to sidestep import restrictions. WASHINGTON (AP)   It s now harder to find out where your beef or pork was born, raised and slaughtered.After more than a decade of wrangling, Congress repealed a labeling law last month that required retailers to include the animal s country of origin on packages of red meat. It s a major victory for the meat industry, which had fought the law in Congress and the courts since the early 2000s.Lawmakers said they had no choice but to get rid of the labels after the World Trade Organization repeatedly ruled against them. The WTO recently authorized Canada and Mexico, which had challenged the law, to begin more than $1 billion in economic retaliation against the United States. U.S. exporters can now breathe a sigh of relief,  said Republican Sen. Pat Roberts of Kansas, chairman of the Senate Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Committee. The longtime opponent of the labels helped add the repeal to a massive year-end spending bill. After the law was passed, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said the government immediately would stop requiring the labels.Consumer groups say the repeal is a disappointment just as consumers are asking for more information on their food packages. Advocates say the labels help people make more informed buying decisions and encourage purchases of American meat.Before repeal, the labels told shoppers that a particular cut of meat was  born in Canada, raised and slaughtered in the United States  or  born, raised and slaughtered in the United States.  Congress first required the labels in 2002 amid fears of mad cow disease from imported cattle. The labels weren t on most packages until 2009, though, due to delays pushed by the meat industry.Repeal became inevitable once the United States lost all its WTO appeals and the retaliation became a possibility. But the consumer groups criticized Congress for repealing the law for ground meat and pork in addition to the fresh cuts of meat that were the subject of WTO concerns.The bill was  a holiday gift to the meatpacking industry from Congress,  complained the advocacy group Food and Water Watch. Meatpackers who buy Mexican cattle were some of the law s most aggressive opponents.The repeal also was a big defeat for lawmakers from northern border states where U.S. ranchers directly compete with Canadian ranchers. Those lawmakers insisted on including the labeling in the 2002 and 2008 farm bills and this year fought to replace it with a voluntary program once the WTO rulings came down. But after years of success, this time they were not able to find enough support.Roger Johnson of the National Farmers Union, which has heavy membership in those states, said the group was  furious  about the repeal. Packers will be able to once again deliberately deceive consumers,  Johnson said.Still, there was some good news for food labeling advocates in the spending bill. Despite an aggressive push by the food industry, lawmakers decided not to add language that would have blocked mandatory labeling of genetically modified ingredients. Also, a provision by Sen. Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska, would require labeling of genetically modified salmon recently approved by the Food and Drug Administration.The issue is expected to come up again in 2016, with Vermont set to require labeling on genetically modified food this summer.The day the spending bill passed, Vilsack said he would try to help Congress come up with a middle ground on labeling of engineered foods  in a way that doesn t create significant market disruption, while at the same time recognizing consumers  need to know and right to know basic information. Via: AP",0
16867,WATCH: CNN HOST GETS SCHOOLED By Guest After Comparing Oregon Protesters To #BlackLivesMatter Terrorists,"Facts are funny things Ever wonder why the Left is so opposed to using them in an argument?CNN law enforcement analyst Art Rodericktold explained to CNN host Brian Stelter, armed protesters in Oregon who took over a federal building to protest a tyrannical federal government, were not being surrounded by federal agents because:  They re not destroying property, they re not looting. ",0
16868,"BUNDY SON AND RANCHERS POST VIDEOS On Facebook: Speak Out Against “Lies on social media,” Explain Why They’re Fighting Tyrannical Government","// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]> We re here because we re tired of the lies in the social media. Our federal government has run amuk. Everybody has guns. Just because you have guns, doesn t mean that you re violent. Oregon rancher asking for our help!Posted by Bundy Ranch on Sunday, 3 January 2016// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Come help the ranchers in Oregon gain back their rights!Posted by Bundy Ranch on Monday, 4 January 2016 // <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Oregon rancher asking for our help!Posted by Bundy Ranch on Sunday, 3 January 2016This rancher traveled from Michigan to show his support for the ranchers. He s calling for a peaceful resolution to this issue:// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Calling all to come and help the people of Harney CountyKen Rhoads, (71) calling all to come and help the people of Harney County. Come to the Malheur Wildlife Refuge 30 mile from Burns Oregon. We have a warm place for you to lay your head and food to eat. We need you to make this happen without violence.Posted by Bundy Ranch on Sunday, 3 January 2016",0
16869,GERMAN RESIDENTS FIGHT BACK: Anti-Islamic Song With No Words Knocks Adele Off Top Spot,"Apparently these Germans are not interested in becoming another Sweden A wordless anti-Islamist hymn knocked chart-buster Adele off the top of the charts in Germany.A wordless hymn by the anti-Islamic group Pegida called  Together we re strong  has knocked pop diva Adele off the top of the Amazon singles chart.The song has been available to buy on Amazon since December 21st and has been among the top 100 best selling singles for four days.German media picked up on the songs emerging success on Tuesday when it was still at number 26 in the chart. Die Welt reported that despite widespread ridicule, the hymn, which contains no words, was selling well.Since then it has leaped up to overtake Adele s hit single  Hello. It has also jumped above successful German recording artists Robin Schulz and Sido, who have been knocked down to places three and four, respectively.On YouTube the hymn has also clocked up over 100,000 views so far. However, most of the commentaries underneath ridicule it for its banality.A PEGIDA activist put video of the German anti-Islamist protester to the hymn by Peggy Sounds,  Germainsam Sind Wir Stark.   Via: Local h/t Gateway Pundit",0
16870,BREAKING: Oregon Armed Militia Holding Federal Building [Video],"OREGON RANCHERS TAKE A STAND: The feds felt a rancher father and son didn t spend enough time in prison for arson so they ordered them jailed again. Father and son, Dwight and Steven Hammond, were ordered back to jail for burning land in an effort to keep it from endangering their property: CALL TO ACTION: PATRIOT CALL TO ACTION: A Major Storm Is Brewing In Oregon Over Fed Gov Charging Rancher With Terrorism For Insane ReasonHERE S THE LOWDOWN FROM SUPERSTATION95:The feds, operating outside the law, are trying to jail two men without legal jurisdiction. Instead the tables turned when armed Militiamen seized their federal complex instead!The Bundy family of Nevada joined with hard-core militiamen Saturday to take over the headquarters of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, vowing to occupy the remote federal outpost 50 miles southeast of Burns   pictured below   for years.The occupation came shortly after an estimated 300 marchers   militia and local citizens both   paraded through Burns to protest the prosecution of two Harney County ranchers, Dwight Hammond Jr. and Steven Hammond, who are to report to prison Monday.The story could set the stage for a western-style soap opera. I call it  as the sagebrush burns,  said Erin Maupin of the long and storied history involving the Bureau of Land Management (BLM), special interest groups and the cattle ranchers on the Steens Mountain of Oregon.The latest scene involved two ranchers being sentenced to five years in federal prison for inadvertantly burning about 140 acres of BLM rangeland in two separate fires, years ago. That is an area big enough to feed about three cow-calf pairs for a year in that neck of the woods.Dwight, 73 and son Steven, 46, admitted in a 2012 court case, to lighting two different fires. Both fires started on Hammonds  private property. An August lightening storm started numerous fires and a burn ban was in effect while BLM firefighters fought those fires. Despite the ban, without permission or notification to BLM, Steven Hammond started several  back fires  in an attempt to save the ranch s winter feed. The  back burn  fire break worked and protected the Hammond s ranch. BLM firefighters saw the back-burn and called it into their headquarters as an  arson. Sadly, wind drove the back-burn onto federal land, on which the Hammonds paid for grazing rights. Despite this, the US Attorney for Oregon prosecuted the two men, saying they committed arson against federal property along with nine other charges. The jury convicted the men of only two charges, starting the fires they readily admitted to starting.Arson against federal property calls for a mandatory minimum sentence of five years prison. The Hammonds argued that such minimum mandatory sentences were unconstitutional and a judge agreed. He sentenced the two men to LESS than the five years. Not satisfied, the US Attorney appealed and the Ninth US Circuit ordered the District Court to re-sentence the men in accordance with the statute.THE FIRES:The first, in 2001, was a planned burn on Hammonds  own property to reduce juniper trees that have become invasive in that part of the country. That fire burned outside the Hammonds  private property line and took in 138 acres of unfenced BLM land before the Hammonds got it put out. No BLM firefighters were needed to help extinguish the fire and no fences were damaged.Dwight s wife Susan shared some crucial details in an exclusive interview with SuperStation95. They called and got permission to light the fire,  she said, adding that was customary for ranchers conducting range management burns   a common practice in the area. We usually called the interagency fire outfit   a main dispatch   to be sure someone wasn t in the way or that weather would be a problem.  Susan said her son Steven was told that the BLM was conducting a burn of their own somewhere in the region that very same day, but that they believed there would be no problem with the Hammonds going ahead with their planned fire. The court transcript includes the same information in a recording from that phone conversation.In cross-examination of a prosecution witness, the court transcript also includes admission from Mr. Ward, a range conservationist that the 2001 fire improved the rangeland conditions on BLM.Maupin, a former range technician and watershed specialist who resigned from the BLM in 1999, said that collaborative burns between private ranchers and the BLM had become popular in the late 1990s because local university extension researchers were recommending it as a means to manage invasive juniper that steal water from grass and other cover. Juniper encroachment had become an issue on the forefront and was starting to come to a head. We were trying to figure out how to deal with it on a large scale,  said the woman whose family also neighbored the Hammonds for a couple of years. In 1999, the BLM started to try to do large scale burn projects. We started to be successful on the Steens Mountain especially when we started to do it on a large watershed scale as opposed to trying to follow property lines. Because private and federal land is intermingled, collaborative burns were much more effective than individual burns that would cover a smaller area, Maupin said.Susan said the second fire, in 2006, was a backfire started by Steven to protect their property from lightening fires. There was fire all around them that was going to burn our house and all of our trees and everything. The opportunity to set a back-fire was there and it was very successful. It saved a bunch of land from burning,  she remembers.The BLM asserts that one acre of federal land was burned by the Hammonds  backfire and Susan says determining which fire burned which land is  a joke  because fire burned from every direction.Neighbor Ruthie Danielson also remembers that evening and agrees.  Lightening strikes were everywhere, fires were going off,  she said.Maupin said prescribed burns to manage juniper were common in the late 1990s and early 2000s, best done late in the fall when the days are cooler.Prescribed burns on federal land in their area have all but stopped due to pressure from  special interest groups,  Maupin said. As a result, wildfires now burn much hotter due to a  ladder  of material on the ground   grass, brush and trees. The fires now burn really hot and they sterilize the ground. Then you have a weed patch that comes back. Maupin said planned burning in cooler weather like the Hammonds chose to do improves the quality of the forage, and makes for better sage grouse habitat by removing juniper trees that suck up water and house raptors   a sage grouse predator.// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Posted by Tim Davis on Saturday, 2 January 2016Militia members from across the country descended on Harney County, Oregon today to protest the conviction of two local ranchers for arson on federal land. They claim  that the federal government had no authority in Harney County.  The militia occupying the headquarters building at Malheur National Wildlife Refuge is a splinter group from the larger protest. He called the headquarters building  the tool to do all the tyranny that has been placed upon the Hammonds  and said he was  planning on staying for years.  In a message on Facebook Bundy said he planned on establishing the facility as a base for militia members across the country:// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Here it is. Please know these men will speak to people civilly. Do not go up there guns blazing. Stay safe and smart.Posted by Sarah Dee Spurlock on Saturday, 2 January 2016Via: Think Progress",0
16871,Uh Oh! Obama Returns From Vacation ‘Fired Up’ For His Last Year In Office,"This last year could be the most devastating year for America with Obama s attempt at  tackling unfinished business . Gun control, closing GITMO and so many other things Obama s got in store for us. While Congress does absolutely nothing! Please remember this and vote accordingly!HONOLULU (AP)   President Barack Obama is returning to the rancor of the nation s capital after two weeks of fun and sun in his native Hawaii, saying he s  fired up  for his final year in office and ready to tackle unfinished business.At the top of Obama s priority list is executive action that is expected to expand when background checks are required for gun purchases. Obama is meeting with Attorney General Loretta Lynch on Monday to discuss a three-month review of what actions he could take to help reduce gun violence.The actions, which are staunchly opposed by Republicans and likely to spark a legal fight, underscore Obama s desire to keep up an aggressive agenda in 2016, even as the public s attention shifts to the presidential election.Obama spent much of his vacation out of the public eye, playing golf with friends and dining out on the island of Oahu with his family. He also worked on his final State of the Union address, scheduled for Jan. 12.The address to Congress is a high-profile opportunity for the president to try to reassure the public about his national security stewardship after the terrorism attacks in Paris and San Bernardino, California. Advisers say Obama will also look for other opportunities to keep security issues at the forefront as he tries to ease Americans  concerns.Despite his deep differences with Republicans, Obama has cited two agenda items for 2016 that have bipartisan support: a free trade agreement with 11 other nations called the Trans-Pacific Partnership and changes in the criminal justice system that would reduce incarceration rates for nonviolent offenders. He often points out that the U.S. accounts for 5 percent of the world s population and 25 percent of its inmates.Read more: AP",0
16872,"THE NEW SWEDEN: Rapes, Riots, Severed Heads, Freeloading Foreigners And Shocking Acquittals","The consequences of throwing out the welcome mat for people who have no intention of obeying your rules or living in a world with morals or values  Some 30 Muslim men thought that the woman was in violation of Islamic sharia law, by being in Sweden unaccompanied by a man. They thought that she should therefore be raped and her teenage son killed.  Two Swedish citizens were convicted by a Gothenburg Court of joining an Islamist terror group in Syria and murdering two captives. Video evidence showed one victim being beheaded.  Every night when I have gone to bed, I have seen a head hanging in the air.    Court Chairman Ralf G. Larsson.  Sometime during the night, the victim was awakened by the Iraqi as he raped her. The woman managed to break free and locate a train attendant. At first, the woman did not want to call the police.  She felt sorry for him [the rapist]   and was afraid he would be deported back to Iraq. One week after Sweden raised its terror alert level to the highest ever, the police raised another alarm   saying their weapons are simply not good enough to prevent a potential terror attack.November 4: The Swedish Immigration Service sent out a press release, saying that it had hired close to a thousand additional employees since June. The Immigration Service now has over 7,000 employees, including hourly workers and consultants   double the 3,350 employees who worked there in 2012. Most of the new recruits work with the legal processing of asylum applications, but the units dealing with receiving migrants and filing their initial applications have also expanded considerably. As if the record influx of migrants this autumn were not crushing enough, the Immigration Service also had trouble retaining its staff. Employees complain about being badly treated: they are always expected to be on call, and possibly even work Christmas Eve.November 4: Bobel Barqasho, a 31-year-old Syrian, was sentenced by Sweden s Supreme Court to 14 years in prison. Before his case reached the Supreme Court, Barqasho had been sentenced by a lower court to 9 years in prison, then acquitted by the Court of Appeals. In February 2013, Barqasho threw his wife off a sixth-floor balcony. Against all odds, the woman survived the 13-meter (about 43 feet) fall, but was badly injured. When she woke up after five weeks in a coma, her head was held together by a helmet, her face felt loose, and her teeth were gone. In the Court of Appeals, the defense managed to plant reasonable doubt about the man s guilt by claiming the woman was depressed and had jumped of her own free will] so the Court of Appeals set him free. By the time the Supreme Court pronounced its sentence of 14 years, Barqasho had disappeared. He is now being sought by Interpol.November 6: The Gr nkulla School in Alvesta closed after reports of a rape at the facility spread on social media. A Somali boy had apparently been sexually harassing a 12-year-old girl for some time. On October 17, he allegedly took his attentions a step farther, pulled the girl behind a bush and raped her. The girl s father had been unsuccessful in trying to get the school to address the problem earlier, but even after the reported rape, the school s management did not act. The boy was allowed to continue going to the school   just on a schedule different from the girl s. Her distraught parents told the news website Fria Tider:  We are being spat on because we are Swedish.  In protest against the school s management, many parents, viewing the school as having sided with the perpetrator, moved their children to other schools.November 9: Social commentator and whistleblower Merit Wager revealed on her blog that administrators at the Immigration Service had all been ordered to  accept the claim that an applicant is a child, if he does not look as if he is over 40.  A staggering 32,180  unaccompanied refugee children  had arrived during 2015 by December 1   since then another 1,130 have come   and the government finally decided to take action.If its proposition is approved by Parliament, everyone who looks adult-aged will be forced to go through a medical age-determination procedure. One of the reasons Sweden stopped doing these in the first place, was that pediatricians refused to take part in them. They said the procedures were  unreliable. November 10: A 28-year-old Iraqi man was prosecuted for raping a woman on a night train between Finland and Sweden. The man had originally planned to seek asylum in Finland, but had found the living conditions there too harsh. He had therefore taken a train back to Sweden. In a couchette (sleeping car where men and women are together), the rapist and two other asylum seekers met one of the many Swedish women whose hearts go out to  new arrivals.  The woman bought sandwiches for the men; they drank vodka. When two of the men started groping the woman, she told them to stop, yet chose to lie down and go to sleep. Sometime during the night, she was awakened by the Iraqi as he raped her. The woman managed to break free and locate a train attendant. To the attendant s surprise, the woman did not immediately want to press charges. The court documents state:  The train attendant asked if he should call the police. At first, the woman did not want him to do so, because she did not want to put N.N., an asylum seeker, in a tough spot. She felt sorry for him  and was afraid he would be deported back to Iraq. The man was given a sentence of one year in prison, payment of 85,000 kronor (about $10,000) in damages, and deportation   but will be allowed to come back to Sweden after five years.November 10: An Algerian and a Syrian asylum seeker were indicted for raping a Swedish woman in Str ngn s. The men, 39-year-old from Algeria and 31-year-old from Syria, met the woman in a bar one night in August. When the woman left, one of the men followed her, pulled her to the ground, and assaulted her. Afterwards, the woman kept walking, and ran into two other men   the Syrian and another unidentified man   and was raped again. The Syrian reportedly also spit her in face and said,  I m going to f k you, little Swedish girl.  The men, who lived at the same asylum house, denied knowing each other when questioned by the police.The verdict was announced on December 1. Rapist number one was sentenced to 2.5 years in prison, 117,000 kronor (about $14,000) in damages, and deportation to Algeria. Rapist number two was convicted of aggravated rape and sentenced to four years in prison. He cannot be deported, however, because  there are currently hindrances towards enforcing deportations to Syria.  He was also ordered to pay the woman 167,000 kronor (about $20,000) in damages.November 13: A trial began against eight Eritrean men, between the ages of 19 and 26, who according to the District Court,  crudely and ruthlessly  gang-raped a 45-year-old woman. She had been waiting in a stairwell for a friend when the men invited her into an apartment. Inside, she was thrown on the floor, held down, beaten and brutally raped. When questioned by the police, she said,  It felt as if there were hands and fingers everyplace. Fingers penetrated me, vaginally, anally. It hurt very much. I could feel the fingernails.  She said she could also hear the Eritreans laughing and speaking in their own language while they raped her.  They seemed to be enjoying themselves,  she said.When two of the men started fighting over who should rape her next, she tried to flee, but one of the men hit her over the head; she fell unconscious. After coming to, she escaped out a window and was able to reach a neighbor.The District Court of Falun established that several men had taken part in the attack, but the District Attorney was unable to prove who had done what. Therefore, only one man was convicted of aggravated rape, and sentenced to five years in prison. The others were sentenced to only 10 months in prison for helping to conceal a serious criminal offense. After serving their time, the men will be allowed to stay in Sweden.November 14: The Swedish Security Service, S po, warned again of Muslim terrorists hiding among migrants. The number of individuals listed as potential security threats has tripled this year, and includes several hundred who may be ready to carry out  Paris-style  attacks.As the Immigration Service has a huge backlog in trying to register all 150,000 asylum seekers who have come to Sweden so far in 2015, there are probably also many migrants that would be considered potential security threats.November 14: Sweden s Foreign Minister, Margot Wallstr m, made yet another strange statement with diplomatic consequences. The day after the Paris attacks, in an interview with Swedish Public Television, Wallstr m was asked,  How worried are you about the radicalization of young people in Sweden who choose to fight for ISIS?  Wallstr m replied: Yes, of course we have a reason to be worried not only here in Sweden but around the world, because there are so many who are being radicalized. Here again, you come back to situations like that in the Middle East, where not least the Palestinians see that there isn t any future for us [the Palestinians], we either have to accept a desperate situation or resort to violence. Two days later, the Swedish ambassador to Israel, Carl Magnus Nesser, was called to a meeting at the Israeli Foreign Ministry. Its spokesman, Emmanuel Nahshon, later told Reuters,  The Swedish Foreign Minister s statements are appallingly impudent  [She] demonstrates genuine hostility when she points to a connection of any kind between the terror attacks in Paris and the complex situation between Israel and the Palestinians. In a formal statement, the Swedish Foreign Ministry denied that Margot Wallstr m s remark had connected the Paris attacks with the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. A Swedish Conservative (Moderaterna) Member of Parliament, Hanif Bali, sarcastically tweeted that it seemed the Foreign Minister is suffering from an  obvious case of Israel-Tourette s. November 18: The Authority for Civil Protection and Contingency Planning (MSB) warned that the asylum situation was not only  very strained,  but that things keep getting worse   and that in some parts of Sweden, the authorities can only function until the end of December. Meanwhile, the Immigration Service calculated that another 13,000 beds are needed in so-called evacuation accommodations.  The problem cannot be fully solved even if the Armed Forces help provide more housing or if the MSB could arrange more tent accommodations,  the authority wrote.The massive influx of asylum seekers has also led to native Swedes  being crowded out of the health care and social services systems,  according to the MSB.  It [the MSB] is so busy handling unaccompanied children and asylum seekers, that there simply is not enough time to tend to the everyday functions, such as healthcare and social services,  said Alexandra Nordlander, Chief of Operative Analysis at the MSB, to the daily tabloid, Aftonbladet.November 19: A fire broke out at Lundsbrunn Spa, a few weeks after plans were announced to convert the historic building into the biggest asylum-seekers  home in Sweden. According to the police, the fire was not an arson, but started in a wood-pellet stove.Many hotels and spas have transforming themselves into asylum-seekers  housing, in order to profit from lucrative deals offered by the Immigration Service. Lundsbrunn Spa, near a mineral spring, dates back to 1890; in 1817, a hospital was established on the grounds. The nearby village is home to fewer than 1,000 people, so when Lundsbrunn Spa decided to accept an offer from the Immigration Service, the village faced a doubling of its population. The owners of Lundsbrunn wrote on the Spa s website that they see the transformation from spa to asylum-seekers  home as a temporary measure.November 20: Norwegian businessman Petter Stordalen, the billionaire owner of Nordic Choice Hotels, announced that the chain s many properties in Scandinavia and the Baltic states would no longer serve their guests sausage and bacon for breakfast. The breakfast buffet of the Nordic Choice s Clarion Hotel Post in Gothenburg was named earlier this year the best hotel breakfast in the world by the British newspaper, The Mirror. But apparently, this award did not matter.The cause for the hotel s decision was cited as  health reasons.  The internet, however, was soon abuzz with speculation that the real reason was adaptation to Islamic dietary laws (halal). One week later, Stordalen backtracked. The reaction from hotel guests had been too strong. Many people vented their anger over the withheld bacon on Stordalen s Facebook page. Stordalen commented:  The guests have spoken. Comfort Hotels are bringing back bacon. November 23: Hassan Mostafa Al-Mandlawi, 32, and Al Amin Sultan, 30, were indicted in the Gothenburg Municipal Court, suspected of having traveled to Syria in 2013 and murdering at least two people there. The charge was terrorist crimes, (alternatively crimes against international law) and murder. Chief Prosecutor Agnetha Hilding Qvarnstr m, of the National Unit for Security Cases, said:  The act [was] committed with the intent to harm the state of Syria and intimidate the people, thus the classification: terrorist crimes. The hard part is to clarify fully whether these men have been part of an armed group, and acted within the frames of the armed conflict, or not. The accused men came to Sweden, one from Iraq and one from Syria, as children, but grew up in Sweden and are Swedish citizens. They traveled to Syria in 2013, and joined one of the many Islamist terror groups there. According to the prosecution, they murdered two captured workers in an industrial area of Aleppo by slitting their throats. The prosecutor wrote that,  Al-Mandlawi and Sultan have both expressed delight at the deeds. During the trial, films of the executions were shown, but both men still denied having committed the crimes. Those present in court agreed that the films were among the most disturbing ever displayed in a Swedish court. First, they show a man having his throat slit, the blood gushing before he dies. Then, the other victim s head is severed from his body, and the killer holds up the severed head to loud cheers from the others. The court s chairman, Ralf G. Larsson, told the news agency, TT:  Every night when I have gone to bed, I have seen a head hanging in the air. The verdict was announced December 14: Both men were convicted of terrorist crimes and sentenced to life in prison. The verdict will be appealed, the defense lawyers said.Via: Gatestone Institute",0
16873,OBAMA AND DOJ’S RADICAL DIRECTOR To Meet Monday On Gun Control Executive Action,"When Loretta Lynch was confirmed as the new Director of the DOJ, it was clear that our Senate had once again caved to the radical agenda of the Obama administration. Lynch is nothing more than Eric Holder in a dress. So now we have a power grab on gun control that could have been predicted because Lord knows Obama needs to fulfill his agenda on everything before leaving office. Bottom line is that our Senate failed us Blame them for this mess because it could have been avoided.President Barack Obama will meet Monday with Attorney General Loretta Lynch to discuss options for tougher gun restrictions and is expected to announce in the coming days a new executive action with the goal of expanding background checks on gun sales.Described as  imminent  by people familiar with the White House plans, the set of executive actions would fulfill a promise by the President to take further unilateral steps the administration says could help curb gun deaths.Plans for the action are not yet complete, and those familiar with the process warn that unforeseen circumstances could delay an announcement. But gun control advocates are expecting the new actions to be revealed next week, ahead of Obama s annual State of the Union address, set for January 12.The White House wouldn t comment directly on the exact timing or content of Obama s executive orders. White House spokesman Eric Schultz said that the President expected a set of recommendations on unilateral action to arrive at the beginning of the year.Plans began to become clearer on New Year s Day with a White House announcement accompanying Obama s weekly address that on Monday the president would meet with Lynch. Change, as always, is going to take all of us,  Obama said in his weekly address.  The gun lobby is loud and well organized in its defense of effortlessly available guns for anyone. The rest of us are going to have to be just as passionate and well organized in our defense of our kids. That s the work of citizenship   to stand up and fight for the change that we seek. Read more: cnn",0
16874,SHOCKING NEW MOVIE Shows How Easily Islamic Terrorists Can Cross Our Wide-Open Northern Borders,"Dennis Michael Lynch has made some shocking and eye-opening movies that address our failure as a nation to secure our borders.  They Come To America III: The Cost Of Obama s Legacy is his most compelling and shocking movie to date. There are some terrifying moments when Dennis goes to, and exposes Muslim training camps in America. He travels to both our southern and northern US borders to show just how easily they can be crossed by anyone who cares to cross over into the United States. His interviews with an undercover US Border Agent is shocking, and exposes the cover-ups and lies we are being fed by our government about our border crisis.WATCH this shocking trailer, as it shows how vulnerable our nation is to terror attacks from the north:They Come To America III is frightening and should be showing in movie theaters across America. If every Americans saw this movie, they would be screaming from their rooftops and demanding that Congress get our borders under control.If you buy one They Come To America III DVD at $19.99, he will give you 2 FREE DVD S to share, for a TOTAL of 3 movies!ORDER NOW while this SPECIAL OFFER is still availableThey Come to America III: The Cost of Obama s Legacy PRICE: $19.99 Shipping: $3.95 Order comes with two additional copies for sharing (3 total in order)You can pay by credit card, online banking or by using Pay Pal, simply by clicking the BUY NOW button below:    ORDER YOUR MOVIES NOW to get your DVD s in time for Christmas and Hanukah gifts! You ll want to share this movie with all of your relatives and friends!Here is a very interesting interview with Dennis Michael Lynch on Fox and Friends, as they discuss how Dennis exposes how easily Muslim terrorists can make their way into our nation in his  They Come To America III  movie:",0
16875,DISGRACEFUL: US Air Force Can No Longer Afford 21-Gun Salute At Vet Funerals…Plenty Of Funds For Muslim Immigrants,"We can t afford to give our US Veterans a proper funeral, but we ve got money to burn when it comes to bringing Muslim refugees to the US from countries who hate us. On average, each Middle Eastern refugee resettled in the United States costs an estimated $64,370 in the first five years, or $257,481 per household. When a veteran or member of the armed forces dies, he or she is entitled to a ceremony that includes the presentation of a U.S. flag to a family member and a bugler blowing Taps. Most of the time, there is a three-volley rifle salute if requested by family members. But now, if the deceased served in the Air Force, the three-volley salute is not an option because the Air Force can no longer support riflemen for funeral services for veteran retirees.Seven member services for retirees included six members to serve as pall-bearers, a six member flag-folding detail, and a three riflemen to fire the salute. Veteran s funerals now only receive the services of two-member teams, who provide a flag-folding ceremony, the playing of taps, and the presentation of the flag to the next of kin. To me, without the 21-gun salute, it just does not make it complete a proper military burial,  veteran Wayne Wakeman told Honolulu s KHON 2 News.  I think because of sequestration or the lack of funds or whatever excuse they re giving, that they had to hit the veterans. Wakeman is correct in supposing the cut is due to sequestration, the 2013 automatic federal spending cuts required by the Budget Control Act of 2011.Rose Richeson, from the Secretary of the Air Force s Public Affairs Press Desk, told We Are The Mighty the policy of restricting the funeral honor is an Air Force-wide requirement. The requirement is consistent with DoD policy which require a minimum of two personnel,  Richeson said.  Any number of personnel above two that is provided in support of military funeral honors is based on local resources available.  Via: FOX News",0
16876,HOUSE DEMOCRATS MAKE STUNNING Move To Implement Sharia Law In America,"While US citizens are outraged over the removal of Christ from pretty much every aspect of our lives, including Christmas, Democrat members of Congress are working fast and furiously to implement America s first Sharia Law...If they get their way  They will be stripping us of our basic rights, and we need to be prepared for their TERRIFYING hope and get Americans aware of what is happening!On December 17, Democrat Congressmen quietly sponsored House Resolution 569, a resolution that asks lawmakers to condemn  violence, bigotry, and hateful rhetoric towards Muslims in the United States.  The resolution specifically mentions Muslims, no other religious groups, and will serve as a test by which further criminalizing of  Islamophobia  may be introduced.Democrats have shamelessly lumped together  hate speech  with  violence  in an effort to compare criticism of Islam to physically harming Muslims. H. Res. 569 threatens to restrict our right to even report facts that tarnish Islam s reputation, a law that all Sharia-governed countries already have in place.According to Congress.gov, the resolution reads: Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the House of Representatives denounces in the strongest terms the increase of hate speech, intimidation, violence, vandalism, arson, and other hate crimes targeted against mosques, Muslims, or those perceived to be Muslim; urges local and Federal law enforcement authorities to work to prevent hate crimes; and to prosecute to the fullest extent of the law those perpetrators of hate crimes Muslims are slaughtering innocent people more than any other religious groups combined, all while refusing as a whole to condemn this barbaric Islamic terrorism, yet we are working to ensure these silent, consenting  moderates  have special protection   protection that they have never allowed religious minorities in their own countries.In another passage, Democrats laughably purport that Muslims have contributed to the fabric of American society, but we re assuming they don t mean terrorist attacks on U.S. soil, countless frivolous CAIR lawsuits, whitewashed Islamic education in public schools, or whining about pork products and a lack of taxpayer-funded prayer rooms. Whereas this Muslim community is recognized as having made innumerable contributions to the cultural and economic fabric and well-being of United States society  Still, the bill is purposefully vague in that it mentions prosecuting the perpetrators of  hate speech,  yet gives no definition for what it considers hate speech. Of course, we who have spoken out about the intolerant fundamentals of Islam understand that this means uttering anything critical of Islam or its followers, regardless of facts or relevance to the Quran.In conclusion, the bill ridiculously compares criticizing Islam as a violation of Muslims   civil rights,  as if disagreeing or even openly mocking someone s beliefs is unconstitutional. Our forefathers had exactly political and religious mockery in mind when they penned our amendments, having experience the violation of limited speech and worship by their own King George III.Indeed, free speech was never intended to defend inoffensive speech, because inoffensive speech needs no protection. Freedom of speech is solely for the offensive, meant to prevent those who would limit it because of their opposing beliefs. Via: RWN",0
16877,Obama Goes “Full Monty”: Kills Thousands More American Jobs With This Bold Executive Action,"H1B Visas have been the downfall of thousands upon thousands of white-collar American jobs. Obama is now signing an executive order to bring even more foreign jobs to our shores. OUTSOURCING AMERICAN JOBS NEEDS TO END! You might recall that Disney was in hot water for firing American workers and then hiring H1B visa holders. The backlash was so huge that Disney rehired some American workers. So now Obama is going all out to destroy the American worker in the name of cheap foreign labor What a jackwagon! As the nation prepares to ring in the New Year, President Barack Obama is preparing a colossal new executive action that could print-up work permits for a huge number of foreign white-collar graduates every year, above and beyond the levels set by Congress.This executive action, which directly bypasses Congressional lawmakers, is likely to reverberate across the presidential race, as GOP voters look to choose a nominee they believe will most effectively roll back the President s still-expanding agenda. And it will certainly raise new security concerns as it covers categories of immigration utilized by migrants from the Middle East and nearby regions.President Barack Obama s Department of Homeland Security plans to publish the proposed rule tomorrow, the last day of 2015.The 181-page rule focuses primarily on giving work-permits to foreign college-grads who will compete against Americans for white collar jobs, despite the large number of American graduates now stuck in lower-wage positions and struggling to pay off college debts. The rule will also make each foreign graduate much cheaper for U.S. employers to hire than many U.S.-born college grads. Obama has gone the Full Monty to bust the immigration system,  says immigration lawyer John Miano.  What is going on is he is effectively giving Green Cards to people on H-1B visas who are unable to get Green Cards due to the [annual] quotas  it could be over 100,000. THE TECH INDUSTRY PUSHES FOR OUTSOURCING:President Obama s White House has pulled a language switcheroo, replacing the immigration terms  alien  and  immigrant  with the term  Americans-In-Waiting. The Washington Times reports the White House is using the term to refer to the thousands of spouses of high-skilled H1B visa holders who have been waiting for green cards.The move is a big victory for Silicon Valley employers, who have heavily lobbied presidential administrations for years to increase the number of H1B visas and to allow the spouses of their workers to also work.The rule change could possibly double the number of workers for tech firms looking for skilled, cheaper labor.VIA: BREITBARTVIA: IJREVIEW",0
16878,EVERY U.S. CITIZEN TAKEN HOSTAGE IN IRAN To Be Awarded Millions…With A Catch…Iran’s Not Paying…YOU Are!,"Just another slap in the face to US citizens. Our government arranges massive payments to hostages taken by the terrorist nation of Iran, as they walk away unscathed .A fund of over $1 billion has been created for the U.S. embassy personnel taken hostage by Iran after the 1979 Islamic Revolution, but it is the U.S. taxpayer, not Iran, who will be paying for it.The new fund, known as the  United States Victims of State Sponsors of Terrorism Fund,  was an addition to the omnibus bill put forward by Congress and signed into law by President Barack Obama Dec. 28. As much as $4.4 million could go to each of the 52 Americans held by Iran, with another $600,000 going to each spouse and child of the victims. The provision authorizes $1.025 billion from the Department of the Treasury to be used to pay for the new fund. Additionally, the legislation includes a 25 percent cap on any attorney s fees, which could lead to as much as $250 million total going to lawyers of the various victims involved.The victims were taken hostage during Iran s Islamic Revolution led by former Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khomeini. Hundreds of student protesters stormed the U.S. embassy in Tehran taking 52 U.S. personnel hostage for 444 days. Several months after the takeover, former President Jimmy Carter authorized Operation Eagle Claw, a rescue attempt by U.S. special operations forces which would later fail. The hostages would eventually be released after a lengthy negotiation process the day of President Ronald Reagan s inauguration in January, 1981. Victims of the embassy attack have been seeking compensation for their captivity for some time, but have been prevented from taking legal action against Iran. The 1981 Algiers Accords, the agreement which secured the release of the hostages, had a provision barring the victims from suing the Iranian government.  Iran is not paying the money, but it s as close as you can get,  says Thomas Lankford, an attorney for one of the victims, speaking to The Washington Post. Lankford refers to a clause in the new law which mandates that any money collected from the BNP Paribas scandal will be used for the new fund and the various 9/11 victim funds. The U.S. levied a fine of $9 billion on the French bank in June 2014 for its evasion of sanctions against countries like Iran, Cuba and North Korea.The staggering amount of compensation being paid to the victims is remarkably higher than the $262,000 suggested by the George W. Bush administration in 2003.  Some may be surprised that a fiscally conservative Republican-controlled Congress would authorize payments of more than $250 million from the U.S. Treasury to private attorneys, even on behalf of victims of terrorism deserving compensation,  writes attorney John Bellinger in the Lawfare blog. Via: Daily Caller ",0
16879,"WATCH FUNNIEST MAN In American Politics Ridicule Liberals, Atheists And Anti-American Jackasses","You don t want to miss this!Here s a little info about Joe Dan Gorman and his website, Intellectual Froglegs. You can find his website by clicking HERE. My name is Joe Dan Gorman, and you can blame me for Intellectual Froglegs. I created it, I write & produce it and I host it. So, it s pretty much my fault.In case you haven t seen it yet  the  basis  of Froglegs is to be covertly educational with humor, wicked cool graphics and classic tunage.And we re not following the media narrative or chasing the  media-driven outrage of the day - but we will talk about things that matter, from the historical to the hysterical.I have no allegiance to a political party my allegience is to God, truth and freedom . Oh, and funny stuff. LOLThe best part I get to ridicule liberals, atheists and other assorted anti-American jackasses. How fun.The most flattering compliment I get is when someone asks me to  thank my staff  but as far as the writing, editing, researching and production of the show  I m it. I also do all the website work.I ll steal jokes like a democrat, LOL Now  there is nothing more important than God, so I invite you to enjoy some of the cool videos ay my God, Science & History page. Nobody quite articulates the incomprehensibly massive power of God like a physicist. God of Wonders is one of my favorites.You can help Joe Dan who runs an AD-FREE website by donating here: DONATE BUTTON Look for regular installments of Joe Dan Gorman s videos on our website. We found his videos by chance and have fallen in love with his honest and ball-crushing humor. We feel blessed to call him our buddy and hope you will find him as refreshing and hysterical as we do.ENJOY!",0
16880,EPA Jails 185 Americans For ‘Environmental Crimes’ But No One For Massive EPA Toxic Spill,"Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) enforcers helped convict 185 Americans of environmental crimes this year, with each of these eco-convicts getting sentenced to eight months in prison on average for crimes ranging from biofuel fraud to illegally removing asbestos. Every year, EPA agents help put dozens of Americans in prison for breaking U.S. environmental laws. Environmental crimes range from spilling coal ash into public waterways, to pretending to produce biofuels, to illegally cleaning up asbestos in buildings.Interestingly enough, EPA has not fined or jailed anyone for the spilling of three million gallons of mine wastewater in August. That month, EPA workers opened up the Gold King Mine and sent a toxic plume of mine waste though rivers in Colorado, New Mexico and Utah. Toxic mine waste even went through Navajo Nation territory and resulted in farms having their water supplies shut off.Republican lawmakers were quick to criticize EPA for not taking any disciplinary action against contractors or employees involved in the Colorado mine spill. Lawmakers noted that while EPA drags its feet, a private company, like Duke, would have been fined quickly if it had spilled mine waste.The Department of the Interior s outside review of the spill incident found EPA could have avoided a blowout if it had taken precautions agency workers had used while opening other sealed Colorado mines.Interior found that had the agency used  a drill rig to bore into the mine from above  to open Gold King  the mine would have been revised, and the blowout would not have occurred. The EPA has taken responsibility for the spill, but still hasn t taken actions against agency workers who opened up the mine mouth. In fact, lawmakers are worried the agency is trying to taint a federal investigation into the spill.Read more: Daily Caller",0
16881,SWISS ARMY CHIEF WARNS CITIZENS About Explosive Refugee Situation: Tells Them To Arm Themselves,"Wouldn t it be great if we had someone in government who would take the import of thousands of Muslims from countries who hate us seriously?Swiss army chief Andr  Blattmann warned, in a Swiss newspaper article on Sunday, the risks of social unrest in Europe are soaring. Recalling the experience of 1939/1945, Blattman fears the increasing aggression in public discourse is an explosively hazardous situation, and advises the Swiss people to arm themselves and warns that the basis for Swiss prosperity is  being called into question. Even though Switzerland has not been involved in an armed conflict since a standoff between Catholics and Protestants in 1847, the Swiss are very serious not only about their right to own weapons but also to carry them around in public. Because of this general acceptance and even pride in gun ownership, nobody bats an eye at the sight of a civilian riding a bus, bike or motorcycle to the shooting range, with a rifle slung across the shoulder.As Deutsche Wirtschafts Nachrichten reports, speaking on the record for the first time since the November Paris terror attacks, Blattmann told the paper that despite a rise in security incidents over the past two years Switzerland s means of defence were being reduced.The situation is growing increasingly risky, Blattman begins. The threat of terror is rising, hybrid wars are being fought around the globe; the economic outlook is gloomy and the resulting migration flows of displaced persons and refugees have assumed unforeseen dimensions. Social unrest can not be ruled out , the vocabulary in public discourse will  dangerously aggressive. The mixture is increasingly unappetizing  Blattmann sees the basis of Swiss prosperity,  has long been once again called into question. He recalls the situation around the two world wars in the last century and advises Switzerland, to arm themselves.Via: Zero Hedge ",0
16882,PATRIOT CALL TO ACTION: A Major Storm Is Brewing In Oregon Over Fed Gov Charging Rancher With Terrorism For Insane Reason," This is a call to action You guys always talk about getting off the couch and doing something. How come things in our country doesn t change? Well now s the time to stand up and make that stand and make your voices heard. The strangers carrying the whisper of danger arrived in the vast territory of the Harney Basin just before the holidays.Ammon Bundy once helped his father repulse the government in an armed showdown on a Nevada desert. He was Tasered for his effort.Ryan Payne checks guns at his Montana home in 2014. The Army veteran created a national network of militia and recently moved to Burns to protest prosecution of a prominent ranching family. (Cathrine L. Waters, Special to The Oregonian/OregonLive)And not long ago, Jon Ritzheimer worried the FBI with his threatening rants against Muslims in Arizona and elsewhere.Now, the men say, they are in Burns to help Dwight and Steven Hammond.The Hammonds are father and son ranchers, due to report to federal prison on Monday. They were convicted in 2012 of arson for lighting public land on fire adjacent to their ranch land south of Burns. They have been imprisoned once and must return for an additional term after federal appellate judges said they had been illegally sentenced the first time.https://youtu.be/9m2UpdOxmp0Self-styled patriots and militiamen gathering in Burns don t want that to happen, declaring the Hammonds  imprisonment illegal under the U.S. Constitution.They have latched on to the Hammonds as their latest cause to stand against the federal government. I am here now trying to empower and motivate the people of this community to take a stand against tyranny and show them that I will gladly stand with them,  Ritzheimer said.The Hammonds don t want to be part of the outsiders  cause, and neither do many in Harney County.But that hasn t stopped the strangers from summoning help from militia groups across the country. They are vague about their intention and their plans, unsettling the community and putting law enforcement on edge. The militia plan a rally and a parade on Saturday, circling the county courthouse that houses the sheriff s office.The militia members have been insisting that Harney County Sheriff Dave Ward create a sanctuary so the Hammonds will be immune from surrendering. Ward met with the militiamen and rejected that demand. The militia has since labeled him an  enemy of the people.  Ward said he has received emailed death threats among thousands of messages from across the country regarding the Hammonds.Two weeks ago, Bundy and Payne roused 60 or so local citizens to their cause at a community meeting. They rented the Memorial Building at the fairgrounds for the night. They taped themselves lecturing the locals on their rights, on the Constitution, and on their duty to protect themselves.The Harney County situation is the second time this year Oregon has been the national rallying point for militias. Last spring, miners fighting with the Bureau of Land Management over paperwork outside Medford found themselves enveloped with militia defenders. The miners finally issued a plea for militia members to go home. The militiamen did   but only after claiming they beat back the government. An administrative law judge temporarily stopped BLM action against the miners.But the activists carrying pocket editions of the Constitution with them to Harney County are better known for the spectacle in Nevada in spring 2014.Militiamen by the hundreds flowed to Nevada that year to help rancher Cliven Bundy. The BLM was corralling his cattle that it said were trespassing on public land. The agency said Bundy hadn t paid grazing fees for 20 years, amassing more than $1 million in bills.Payne, an Army veteran, came to the rancher s defense. In later interviews, Payne said he was the  militia adviser  to Bundy. Payne helped array armed civilians against the federal agents. We had counter-sniper positions on their sniper positions. We had at least one guy sometimes two guys per BLM agent in there,  Payne told a Montana weekly, the Independent.  If they made one wrong move, every single BLM agent in that camp would ve died. Ammon Bundy, Cliven Bundy s third son, was there too.As the nation watched, the BLM called off the cattle collection and withdrew in the face of the armed militia. The Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks hate groups across the country, said in a 2014 report on the Bundy standoff that the government s retreat empowered the militiamen.Ryan Lenz with the law center was on the ground in Nevada and later interviewed Payne for the report. Lenz said the Harney County development isn t surprising. What s happening is very much what everyone feared would happen in the aftermath of the Bundy standoff,  Lenz said.  The rule of law was suspended with the barrel of a gun. Bundy and Payne say they met with both Dwight and Susan Hammond at their home in November. Bundy said he helped the ranchers move cows one day.The Hammonds initially accepted the militia s offer of help to avoid prison, Bundy said. But the Hammonds changed their minds after being warned by federal prosecutors to stop communicating with the militia, Bundy wrote in a blog post.The Hammonds declined interview requests and didn t respond to written questions about their dealings with the militiamen. A Boise lawyer representing the Hammonds said in a letter to the sheriff that Bundy didn t speak for the ranchers and that they intended to surrender as required.Bundy and Payne and their associates are persisting, though. They explain in deliberate, calm tones their reasoning.The federal government claims title to most of the land in Harney County, the ninth largest county in the United States. Bundy and Payne maintain that Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17 of the U.S. Constitution limits what the federal government can own, and that the government s claim to much of Harney County violates that limit. The federal government consequently has no authority to prosecute the Hammonds.Bundy and Payne, who said he has moved to Harney County, have pressed the matter on several fronts. They have insisted that Ward, the sheriff, protect the Hammonds. They have written other elected officials in the county and in Oregon asserting the same demand.Some residents have shown interest in the group s cause.Locals voted seven of their own onto a new Harney County Committee of Safety, including ranchers, a retired fire chief, and a tax preparer.Payne and Bundy said the committee would decide how to address the Hammond conflict. But Bundy quickly created a website for the group and drafted a sharply-worded letter to the sheriff for the committee to issue.Citizens on the committee said they authorized none of it.Chris Briels, Burns fire chief for 24 years, said he was intrigued by the constitutional arguments raised by Payne and Bundy. But he said he also felt pushed too hard by Bundy to act. Briels said he is no anarchist.The militia, Briels said,  seems like a bunch of people ready to shoot. I don t want that in my county. Melodi Molt, a rancher and former president of Oregon CattleWomen, joined Briels on the new committee. She s troubled by what s happened to the Hammonds   but also worried about what her community faces with the outsiders. We re not from the militia,  said Molt.  We re not going to come in with guns and overthrow the government. The state s largest agriculture associations have vigorously defended the Hammonds since they were charged but want no part of the brewing militia action. I don t think people lining up in front of them with weapons or any kind of threats are going to help the Hammonds at all,  said Barry Bushue, Oregon Farm Bureau president.Billy Williams, Oregon s U.S. attorney, has also weighed in. In a lengthy statement to the Burns Times-Herald, Williams explained why the Hammonds were prosecuted. He then warned:  Any criminal behavior contemplated by those who may object to the court s mandate that harms someone will not be tolerated and will result in serious consequences. Payne and Bundy say it s up to local residents what happens next. If the locals decide to declare the county a sanctuary for the Hammonds, the militia is ready. We re sending the message: We will protect you,  Payne said.Via: Oregon Live",0
16883,CONGRESSMAN SOUNDS ALERT TO CYBER SNOOPING LAW SNUCK INTO BUDGET BILL,"Here s one of the few true PATRIOTS in Congress! Justin Amash is always doing the right thing with the best interests of the American people in mind. We can t say that about many of our RINO Congressman! Thank goodness Amash is calling attention to The Cybersecurity Act of 2015 it s not what you think it is!Congressman Justin Amash (R-Mich.) plans to introduce legislation to undo a cybersecurity law that critics say secretly allows the federal government to spy on Americans.The Cybersecurity Act of 2015 was included in Congress  year-end spending bill, a piece of must-pass legislation known as the omnibus. Many of my colleagues remain unaware that a massive surveillance bill was snuck into the omnibus,  Amash said in a statement provided to the Daily Dot.  And if they are aware, they may have been misled into believing this bill is about cybersecurity. On Dec. 18, the House passed the end-of-year omnibus bill, a $1.8 trillion catch-all that included everything from repeals of oil export bans to increased funding for the International Monetary Fund. Two days before its inevitable passage, lawmakers updated the bill to include language from the Cyber Information Sharing Act (CISA), a bill that makes it easier for companies to share details of cyberattacks with the government but is universally loathed by privacy advocates.The Cybersecurity Act of 2015 allows companies like Facebook, Google, or Visa to share cyber threat data digital evidence of a cyberattack with the Department of Homeland Security. It also grants American firms immunity from prosecution for sharing data that may include customers  personal data. Ultimately this will be fairly embarrassing for Congress.  Proponents of the bill say it will help protect companies and their customers from data breaches and other cyberattacks. Critics believe the new law would allow government agencies to more easily access Americans  personal information and share it with the National Security Agency. An analysis by the Open Technology Institute found citizens  privacy would be more adversely affected by the final language of the omnibus bill than by CISA drafts. Just like the Patriot Act, [Congress] re-wrote the final [omnibus] bill in secret and snuck it through Congress before most people could even read it,  Nathan White, Senior Legislative Manager at Access, an Internet freedom-supporting nonprofit, told the Daily Dot.  And just like the Patriot Act, the bill will be used for far more than what Members of Congress think that they are authorizing. Ultimately this will be fairly embarrassing for Congress. Amash opposed CISA s language in the bill before it passed, going so far as to circulate a letter citing tech companies  opposition and calling it  anti-privacy legislation,  but to little avail. Amash is part of the House Freedom Caucus, which, citing the omnibus s large price tag, had already vowed to oppose the bill anyway, forcing House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wisc.) to find votes elsewhere.Read more: Daily Dot",0
16884,SLIPPERY SLOPE? New TWITTER Rules Ban ‘Hateful Conduct’ Promoting Violence,"Isn t this a slippery slope even though it might reduce the ISIS traffic on Twitter. Freedom of speech is being challenged waaaay too much these days and here s yet another example:Twitter has clarified its definition of abusive behavior that will prompt it to delete accounts, banning  hateful conduct  that promotes violence against specific groups.The social media company disclosed the changes on Tuesday in a blog post, following rising criticism it was not doing enough to thwart the Islamic State s use of the site for propaganda and recruitment. As always, we embrace and encourage diverse opinions and beliefs, but we will continue to take action on accounts that cross the line into abuse,  Megan Cristina, director of trust and safety, said in the blog.The new rules do not mention the Islamic State or any other group by name.Read more: NYP",0
16885,U.S. MOSQUE LINKED TO TERRORIST GROUP Received $2.7 MILLION In Federal Funding,"It s interesting to note the terrorist organization linked to this mosque (and funded with our taxpayer dollars), is same terror group Obama and the Democrats supported during the Arab Spring uprising in Egypt A Kansas City mosque owned by an Islamic umbrella organization with deep ties to the U.S. arm of the Muslim Brotherhood has received millions of dollars in federal grants over the past several years, according to a federal spending database.The Islamic Center of Greater Kansas City has received $2,739,891 from the Department of Agriculture since 2010, a Daily Caller analysis has found. The money largely went to the mosque s Crescent Clinic to provide services through the Women, Infant and Children nutrition program, known as WIC.The most recent federal payment   in the amount of $327,436   was handed out Oct. 1. Property records show the mosque is owned by the North American Islamic Trust (NAIT), which acts as a financial holding company for Islamic organizations. It offers sharia-compliant financial products to Muslim investors, operates Islamic schools and owns more than 300 other mosques throughout the U.S.Founded in 1973 as an offshoot of the Muslim Brotherhood-backed Muslim Students Association, NAIT s most controversial connection is to the 2007 and 2008 Holy Land Foundation terror financing cases. Along with other Muslim Brotherhood-linked organizations like the Islamic Society of North America (ISNA) and the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), NAIT was named a co-conspirator in the federal case but was not indicted.At the Holy Land Foundation trial, evidence was presented that ISNA diverted funds from the accounts it held with NAIT to institutions linked to Hamas and to Mousa Abu Marzook, a senior Hamas leader.Federal prosecutors introduced evidence in the case that  established that ISNA and NAIT were among those organizations created by the U.S.-Muslim Brotherhood.  Hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of checks drawn from ISNA s account and deposited in the Holy Land Foundation s account with NAIT were made payable to  the Palestinian Mujahadeen,  which is the original name for Hamas  military wing.While Hamas was designated as a foreign terrorist organization by the U.S. government in 1997 and is considered the Palestinian branch of the Muslim Brotherhood, the larger Muslim Brotherhood is not itself designated as a terrorist group.And while the Obama administration has largely remained agnostic towards the organization, the British government released a scathing report earlier this month noting that the Muslim Brotherhood remains supportive of Hamas and that much of its ideology and many of its tactics  are contrary to our values and have been contrary to our national interests and our national security. Via: Daily Caller",0
16886,OBAMA PROMISED No Vacations If Elected So Check Out Your Tab For This Big Lie [Video],"During Obama s campaigning in 2008, he spoke of his total devotion to the job as president if elected. One of the things he said he would give up is vacations. Well, we now know that was one of many, many big lies Obama s told since day one of his presidency. Not only has Obama vacationed, he s vacationed in lavish style racking up HUGE tabs compliments of the American taxpayer. Just listen to the video below from 2008 and know that he s lying through his teeth:When he was a candidate for president in 2008, Barack Obama said during an interview that as the occupant of the Oval Office his vacations, his leisure, even his need for sleep, would be gone in a dedication to the American people that such a position requires.Then he had American taxpayers spend in excess of $70 million on his   vacations.The comment he made came during an interview with New York Times columnist Bob Herbert. It was recorded in 2008 but apparently not published online until 2012.In context, Obama said,  You have to understand that if you seek that office, you have to be prepared to give your life to it. Essentially the burden that any president, I think, strikes, with the American people is, um, you give me this office and in turn my, fears, doubts, insecurities, foibles, need for sleep, family life, vacations, leisure is gone. I am giving myself to you. He continued,  The American people should have no patience for whatever is going through your head because you ve got a job to do. How I think about it is, um, that you don t make that decision unless you are prepared to make that sacrifice   that bargain. And he noted,  I think what s difficult and important for somebody like myself, who has a wonderful forbearing wife, and two gorgeous young children, is that they end up having to make some of those sacrifices, too.  However, the partial expenses for taxpayers even before the Obama family s extended and lavish vacation in Hawaii over the 2015 Christmas holiday, and the vacations for Vice President Joe Biden and his family, totaled $70,563,336.75, according the Washington watchdog Judicial Watch, which has been keeping tabs on the president s vacationing.Total costs are simply not available because some security-related expenses never are released. But a significant part of the costs are the taxpayer-funded jet travel for the Obama family.Only a few weeks ago, Judicial Watch said,  You may want to sit down for this one. We have new records from the U.S. Department of the Air Force revealing that Barack Obama and family had a busy 2015, vacationing on the American taxpayers  dime. The unnecessary travel included an Obama Palm Springs golf trip in June, a trip to New York City in July and a family trip to Martha s Vineyard in August   all of which cost taxpayers $3,115,688.70 in travel expenses alone. The documents regarding the Obama travel expenses came in response to three Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests, the first was filed on June 30, 2015, the second on July 23, 2015, and the third on August 24, 2015. The report said the June 20 golf outing for Obama to Palm Springs required 10.6 hours of flying time, costing taxpayers $2.1 million. Then a July 18 outing for Obama and his daughters to New York cost $309,000. And the Obama family s August trip to Martha s Vineyard cost taxpayers about $620,000 in flight time alone.Separate security costs include the salaries and expenses of the various Secret Service and other teams that the government provides. For example, during his annual Hawaii getaway over Christmas going on now, an ambulance remains on stand-by while Obama vacations.Reported Judicial Watch,  In Palm Springs, Obama played golf at the plush, private golf course of Oracle billionaire Lawrence Joseph  Larry  Ellison. The golf course is located on Ellison s 249-acre Porcupine Creek estate, which features a golf club and course, a huge 18,400 square-foot main residence, eight guest houses, a pool, spa, gym and an amphitheater. It was Obama s fifth golf outing to Palm Springs in the past two years. The West Coast trip reportedly included political fundraising and one speech to the U.S. Conference of Mayors. The New York trip was to allow Obama some time  hanging out with his girls,  according to an ABC report.Read more: wnd ",0
16887,"NOT KIDDING: Call A Transexual “He” If He Wants To Be Called “She” In Communist NYC…Pay Staggering $250,000 Fine","The LGBT mafia has never been more threatening or powerful Did you call a transsexual person  he  or  she  when they preferred to be called  zhe?  According to a newly updated anti-discrimination law in New York City, you could be fined an eye-watering $250,000.In the latest, astonishing act of draconian political correctness, the NYC Commission on Human Rights have updated a law on  Discrimination on the Basis of Gender Identity or Expression  to threaten staggering financial penalties against property owners who  misgender  employees or tenants.Incidents that are deemed  wilful and malicious  will see property owners face up to $250,000 in fines, while standard violations of the law will result in a $125,000 fine. For small business owners, these sums are crippling.It s not as simple as referring to transmen  he  or transwomen as  she,  either. The legislation makes it clear that if an individual desires, property owners will have to make use of  zhe,   hir  and any other preferred pronoun. From the updated legislation:The NYCHRL requires employers and covered entities to use an individual s preferred name, pronoun and title (e.g., Ms./Mrs.) regardless of the individual s sex assigned at birth, anatomy, gender, medical history, appearance, or the sex indicated on the individual s identification. Most individuals and many transgender people use female or male pronouns and titles.Some transgender and gender non-conforming people prefer to use pronouns other than he/him/his or she/her/hers, such as they/them/theirs or ze/hirOther violations of the law include refusing to allow individuals to use single-sex facilities such as bathrooms that are  consistent with their gender identity,  failing to provide employee health benefits for  gender-affirming care  and  imposing different uniforms or grooming standards based on sex or gender. Examples of such illegal behaviour include:  requiring female bartenders to wear makeup,   Permitting only individuals who identify as women to wear jewellery or requiring only individuals who identify as male to have short hair,  and  permitting female but not male residents at a drug treatment facility to wear wigs and high heels. In other words, if a bar owner prevents male bartenders from wearing lipstick and heels, they ll be breaking the law. They ve now got a choice between potentially scaring off customers, and paying hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines. Regardless of the establishment s client le or aesthetic, every property owner will be forced to conform to the same standard.This is the latest in what Spiked Online editor-in-chief Brendan O Neill calls  The Crisis of Character  in the west, in which identities become grounded in subjective interpretation rather than objective reality. The state is now forcing society to recognise the subjective identities of individuals, regardless of how absurd or surreal they may seem. In New York City, recognising someone s identity is no longer a matter of case-by-case common sense and courtesy. It s zir way or the highway.",0
16888,BOOM! It’s Payback Time For Gun-Grabbing Gov: GOP Works To Strip Him Of Armed Protection Detail,"Do you think our Gun Grabber In Chief should be next?Virginia state senator Bill Carrico (R-Dist. 40) is responding to Governor Terry McAuliffe s (D) relentless gun control push by introducing a budget amendment to remove funding for McAuliffe s protection detail.Carrico said,  If he s so afraid of guns, then I m not going to surround him with armed state policemen. McAuliffe has pushed numerous gun controls as governor and, in August, infamously pushed for expanding background checks after Virginia reporter Alison Parker had been shot on air. McAuliffe made the push for expanded background checks before the gunman who killed Parker had been caught and, therefore, before he had any knowledge of how the gunman acquired his gun. As it turned out, gunman Vester Lee Flanagan acquired his gun via a background check.Moreover, on October 15, McAuliffe issued an executive order banning the open carry of firearms in state buildings used by the Virginia executive branch and calling for enforcement to ensure that the only people  in the business  of selling guns in Virginia are those with a Federal Firearm License (FFL).Senator Carrico is responding to these things and more by trying to be sure McAuliffe does not have to be around guns at all if they bother him so much. According to the Bristol Herald Courier, Carrico said he will address this matter when the General Assembly convenes in January, saying:A lot of the governor s power is deferred to the General Assembly at that point and I ll be getting with my colleagues to circumvent everything this governor has done on this point. I have a budget amendment that I m looking at to take away his executive protection unit. If he s so afraid of guns, then I m not going to surround him with armed state policemen. Via: Breitbart News",0
16889,SOMALI PIRATE POSING AS A “REFUGEE” Found Covered In Blood After Stabbing Roommate 19 Times In German Government Funded Housing,"Apparently free housing, food and spending money wasn t enough for this murderous thug posing as a helpless refugee A Somali pirate who was in jail in France for seven years has been jailed for another eleven years in Germany after murdering a fellow African while pretending to be an  asylum seeker  in a Berlin invader camp.The astonishing story of the 35-year-old African invader has been revealed in the Potsdam, Berlin-based M rkische Allgemeine newspaper.The Somali who has still not been named, apparently by court order provided an astonishing story which dramatically illustrated how hordes of fraudsters have taken advantage of deluded European liberals to invade and parasite off Europe.He entered Germany in May this year and joined in the general rush to claim asylum, the M rkische Allgemeine reported.The German liberals immediately gave him housing, food, and welfare money. He received an apartment which he shared with another African  asylum seeker  from Somalia in a building on the Potsdamer Strasse in Teltow (Potsdam-Mittelmark).He fell out with his flatmate, a 21-year-old, and in a murderous frenzy, stabbed him nineteen times, cutting his carotid artery. The 35-year-old fled the scene, but was easily spotted on the streets a few blocks away not only because of his skin color, but also because he was drenched in his murder victim s blood.The Potsdam regional court found him guilty of the latest murder and rejected his plea of manslaughter, saying that the nature of the victim s wounds showed clear premeditation. He was sentenced to eleven-and-half-years in jail.During the court proceedings, his pretrial statements to the police were read out, and his incredible story emerged. In these statements, the Somali admitted to the police that he had previously been jailed in France for seven years after being convicted of piracy off the horn of Africa.In addition, he said, he had killed another inmate while in prison in France, and upon his release, he had simply crossed the border into Germany, thrown away his identification papers, and joined the asylum queue in Berlin.The lack of identification papers is also the reason why the court has not ordered his name to be released because they do not know his real name or even his actual age.The court found that he had documents which gave two different birth dates, and he himself had claimed a third, while he had been registered in the German asylum system under three different names.The latter maneuver is an old trick used by Third World swindlers in Europe to triple their welfare benefits, and is a growing problem with the latest wave of incomers.Nonetheless, the Somali s successful exploitation of the  asylum system wrecked only by his murderous behavior serves as a perfect case study in the criminal nature of the Third World invasion and of the stupidity of leftist Europeans in allowing the  asylum  racket to continue. Via: Maz-online and New Observer ",0
16890,"IS OBAMA’S RADICAL AGENDA Responsible For State Department’s Misleading Report On Forced Labor, Prostitution And Human Slavery?","President Barack Obama has called the fight against human trafficking  one of the great human rights causes of our time  and has pledged the United States  will continue to lead it. If Obama really believed that human trafficking was such an important cause, then why would his State Department be working so hard to hide the truth about these horrific human rights violators? In the weeks leading up to a critical annual U.S. report on human trafficking that publicly shames the world s worst offenders, human rights experts at the State Department concluded that trafficking conditions hadn t improved in Malaysia and Cuba. And in China, they found, things had grown worse.The State Department s senior political staff saw it differently   and they prevailed.A Reuters examination, based on interviews with more than a dozen sources in Washington and foreign capitals, shows that the government office set up to independently grade global efforts to fight human trafficking was repeatedly overruled by senior American diplomats and pressured into inflating assessments of 14 strategically important countries in this year s Trafficking in Persons report.In all, analysts in the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons   or J/TIP, as it s known within the U.S. government   disagreed with U.S. diplomatic bureaus on ratings for 17 countries, the sources said.The analysts, who are specialists in assessing efforts to combat modern slavery   such as the illegal trade in humans for forced labor or prostitution   won only three of those disputes, the worst ratio in the 15-year history of the unit, according to the sources.As a result, not only Malaysia, Cuba and China, but countries such as India, Uzbekistan and Mexico, wound up with better grades than the State Department s human-rights experts wanted to give them, the sources said. (Graphic looking at some of the key decisions here: reut.rs/1gF2Wz5)Of the three disputes J/TIP won, the most prominent was Thailand, which has faced scrutiny over forced labor at sea and the trafficking of Rohingya Muslims through its southern jungles. Diplomats had sought to upgrade it to so-called  Tier 2 Watch List  status. It remains on  Tier 3    the rating for countries with the worst human-trafficking records.The number of rejected recommendations suggests a degree of intervention not previously known by diplomats in a report that can lead to sanctions and is the basis for many countries  anti-trafficking policies. This year, local embassies and other constituencies within the department were able to block some of the toughest grades.State Department officials say the ratings are not politicized.  As is always the case, final decisions are reached only after rigorous analysis and discussion between the TIP office, relevant regional bureaus and senior State Department leaders,  State Department spokesman John Kirby said in response to queries by Reuters.Still, by the time the report was released on July 27, Malaysia and Cuba were both removed from the  Tier 3  blacklist, even though the State Department s own trafficking experts believed neither had made notable improvements, according to the sources.The Malaysian upgrade, which was highly criticized by human rights groups, could smooth the way for an ambitious proposed U.S.-led free-trade deal with the Southeast Asian nation and 11 other countries.Ending Communist-ruled Cuba s 12 years on the report s blacklist came as the two nations reopened embassies on each other s soil following their historic d tente over the past eight months.And for China, the experts  recommendation to downgrade it to the worst ranking, Tier 3, was overruled despite the report s conclusion that Beijing did not undertake increased anti-trafficking efforts.That would have put China alongside the likes of Syria and North Korea, regarded by the United Nations as among the world s worst human right abusers.Typically, J/TIP wins more than half of what officials call  disputes  with diplomatic sections of the State Department, according to people familiar with the process. Certainly we have never seen that kind of an outcome,  said one U.S. official with direct knowledge of the department.ABILITY TO EMBARRASSThe Trafficking in Persons report, which evaluated 188 countries and territories this year, calls itself the world s most comprehensive resource of governmental anti-human trafficking efforts. Rights groups mostly agree.It organizes countries into tiers based on trafficking records: Tier 1 for nations that meet minimum U.S. standards; Tier 2 for those making significant efforts to meet those standards; Tier 2  Watch List  for those that deserve special scrutiny; and Tier 3 for countries that fail to comply with the minimum U.S. standards and are not making significant efforts.While a Tier 3 ranking can trigger sanctions limiting access to aid from the United States, the International Monetary Fund or the World Bank, such action is frequently waived.The real power is its ability to embarrass countries into action. Many countries aggressively lobby U.S. embassies to try to avoid sliding into the Tier 3 category. Four straight years on the Tier 2 Watch List triggers an automatic downgrade to Tier 3 unless a country earns a waiver or an upgrade.The leverage has brought some success, including pressuring Switzerland to close loopholes that allowed the prostitution of minors and prompting the Dominican Republic to convict more child trafficking offenders.President Barack Obama has called the fight against human trafficking  one of the great human rights causes of our time  and has pledged the United States  will continue to lead it. But the office set up in 2001 by a congressional mandate to spearhead that effort is increasingly struggling to publish independent assessments of the most diplomatically important countries, the sources said.The rejection of so many recommendations could strengthen calls by some lawmakers to investigate how the report is compiled. After Reuters on July 8 reported on the plans to upgrade Malaysia, 160 members of the U.S. House and 18 U.S. senators wrote to Secretary of State John Kerry urging him to keep Malaysia in Tier 3, based on its trafficking record. They questioned whether the upgrade was politically motivated.Senator Robert Menendez, a Democrat, has threatened to call for a Senate hearing and an inspector general to investigate if top State Department officials removed Malaysia from the lowest tier for political reasons.The final decision on disputed rankings this year was made in meetings attended by some of the State Department s most powerful diplomats, including Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken, Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Wendy Sherman and Kerry s Chief of Staff, Jonathan Finer, according to the sources. NO, NO, NO The unprecedented degree of discord over this trafficking report began to become clear after Reuters early last month revealed plans to upgrade Malaysia from the lowest Tier 3 rank to Tier 2 Watch List.The improved ranking came in a year in which Malaysian authorities discovered dozens of suspected mass migrant graves and human rights groups reported continued forced labor in the nation s lucrative palm oil, construction and electronics industries. As recently as April, the U.S. ambassador to Malaysia, Joseph Yun, urged the country to take prosecution of human trafficking violations more seriously.U.S. officials have denied that political considerations influenced Malaysia s rankings. No, no, no,  said Sewall, when asked by reporters last Monday whether Malaysia was upgraded to facilitate trade negotiations. She said the decision was based on how Malaysia was dealing with trafficking.Representative Chris Smith, a New Jersey Republican who authored a 2000 law that led to the creation of J/TIP, said in an interview that the office s authority is being undermined by the president s agenda.  It s so politicized,  he said.If Malaysia had remained on Tier 3, it would have posed a potential barrier to Obama s proposed trade pact, the Trans-Pacific Partnership. That deal is a crucial part of his pivot to Asia policy. Congress approved legislation in June giving Obama expanded trade negotiating powers but prohibiting deals with Tier 3 countries such as, at that time, Malaysia.Congressional sources and current and former State Department officials said experts in the J/TIP office had recommended keeping Malaysia on Tier 3, highlighting a drop in human-trafficking convictions in the country to three last year from nine in 2013. They said, according to the sources, that some of Malaysia s efforts to end forced labor amounted to promises rather than action.The analysts also clashed over Cuba s record with the State Department s Western Hemisphere Affairs Bureau, whose view took precedence in the final report.Human rights groups and people with knowledge of the negotiations over the rankings said an unearned upgrade for Cuba, especially at a time of intense attention due to the historic diplomatic thaw between Washington and Havana, could undermine the integrity of the report.Cuba had been on the  border line  for an upgrade in recent years, a former State Department official said. And although Cuba ended up with an upgrade, the final report remained highly critical, citing concerns about Cuba s failure to deal with a degree of alleged forced labor in medical missions that Havana sends to developing countries.China was another source of friction. J/TIP s analysts called for downgrading China, the world s second-biggest economy, to Tier 3, criticizing Beijing for failing to follow through on a promise to abolish its  re-education through labor  system and to adequately protect trafficking victims from neighboring countries such as North Korea. The final report put China on Tier 2 Watch List.SHOWING DEFERENCEBut the candor of J/TIP can run afoul of other important diplomatic priorities, particularly in countries beset by instability or corruption where U.S. diplomats are trying to build relationships. That leads every year to sometimes contentious back-and-forth over the rankings with far-flung embassies and regional bureaus   the diplomatic centers of gravity at the State Department. There is supposed to be some deference to the expertise of the office,  said Mark Lagon, J/TIP s ambassador-at-large from 2007 to 2009 and now president of Freedom House, an advocacy group in Washington. If the office is now losing more disputes over rankings than it is winning, that would be  an unfortunate thing,  he said.Most U.S. diplomats are reluctant to openly strike back at critics inside and outside of the administration who accuse them of letting politics trump human rights, the sources said.But privately, some diplomats say that J/TIP staffers should avoid acting like  purists  and keep sight of broader U.S. interests, including maintaining open channels with authoritarian governments to push for reform and forging trade deals that could lift people out of poverty.For entire story: Reuters",0
16891,The Socialists In Venezuela Dealing With A ‘Dead Christmas’ And Food Shortages," We ve reported on the lines for food and shortages of things like toilet paper in Venezuela but this is really sad. The people of the Chavez lead socialist country are suffering so much that they say that  Christmas is Dead  to them. They worry more about food than giving presents Ah, socialism Caracas (AFP)    Christmas is dead,  says Elise Belisario, who, like many Venezuelans, can t afford to hang decorations or make a traditional holiday meal this year.And 2016 augurs bleak times too in this staggering oil giant, where the new year looks set to bring political power struggles and little respite from a crippling economic crisis.Belisario lives in the sprawling slum of Petare, on the outskirts of Caracas, which is suffering this holiday season from the shortages and triple-digit inflation gripping Venezuela   the twin tribulations of the once high-flying economy s demise.Where Christmases past brought exuberant decorations and balconies drenched in lights, this year Petare s streets are drab and dark. There s just not enough money. We ve switched off Christmas,  said Belisario, a 28-year-old with two kids who recently lost her job.When the oil money was flowing, Christmas was a consumer bonanza in Venezuela, a predominantly Catholic country with a flair for celebrations.A woman paints stairs with Christmas colors at the Jose Felix Ribas community in low-income Petare n   But that has changed as oil prices have plunged, and the opulent days under late leftist firebrand Hugo Chavez (1999-2013) have given way to the malaise plaguing his less charmed successor, Nicolas Maduro. We were rich and we didn t even know it,  said Belisario.At a nearby shop, cashier Olga Gonzalez, 50, dejectedly picks up the nearly empty piggy bank she has dressed up in a little Santa Claus suit in hopes of getting some traditional Christmas tips.But there are no customers to leave them. People are more worried about buying food than giving gifts this year,  she said.Exasperated with empty supermarket shelves, runaway prices and violent crime, Venezuelans gave the opposition a landslide victory in legislative elections this month, ending the Chavez movement s 16-year monopoly on power.Via: Yahoo",0
16892,PAUL RYAN: American Companies Will Close Without Foreign Labor,"Paul Ryan is just like all the other establishment politicians from both sides of the aisle who have sold the American worker down the river for cheap labor. Foreign workers have been coming in to America by the droves to take over jobs that Americans had. In some cases, the American worker is required to train the foreign worker who s taking their job. Disney has been called out on doing this to its workers who fought back against it. The Chamber of Commerce is in the pocket of the establishment and they are all for more and more immigration that will ultimately hurt the American worker. In a Tuesday morning interview with radio host Bill Bennett,Paul Ryan defended his omnibus bill s controversial expansion in the H-2B visa program, which would allow foreign workers to fill blue-collar American jobs, by arguing that if the provision were not included, American companies would be forced to shut their doors.Bennett pressed Ryan on the details of the H-2B visa expansion, slipped 700-pages into Ryan s 2,009-page omnibus spending bill asking Ryan directly,  Do you believe there are not enough Americans to fill these jobs? In response, Ryan described the H-2B visa expansion as  a very small, discrete provision. Despite the nation s high levels of unemployment and stagnating wages, Ryan continued on to assert, without offering evidence in support of his claim, that corporations are facing a shortage of labor, which rendered the provision necessary. Ryan said:The reason that this was passed is because there was some seasonal surge jobs that they can t find local workers to fill, like the seafood packaging industry in Chesapeake Bay. You have seafood season, you need people to package those things, to can them. In the North, we have the summer tourism industry. What it is is there s seasonal industries where they can t find local people to do the jobs: kids are already in college or things like that where you have a surge in workers.Ryan explained that the provision was passed specifically  to help small business who cannot find labor when there s a surge in demand for their labor like seafood processing, or tourism. Ryan warned,  The point is these businesses would have shut down without this and that s what we didn t want to see happen. We didn t want to see businesses, who are seasonal, shut down because they couldn t get the labor. That s why this provision was passed in July. The data, however, demonstrates Ryan s claim to be unsubstantiated. As Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL)80% has highlighted, the Economic Policy Institute has documented how,  wages were stagnant or declining for workers in all of the top 15 H-2B occupations between 2004 and 2014. Unemployment rates increased in all but one of the top 15 H-2B occupations between 2004 and 2014, and all 15 occupations averaged very high unemployment rates  Flat and declining wages coupled with such high unemployment rates over such a long period of time suggest a loose labor market an over-supply of workers rather than an under-supply.Cries of so-called  labor shortages  are frequently invoked by corporations and immigration expansionist who want to see large increases in low-wage labor. As immigration attorney Ian Smith has explained, Ryan s resurrection and expansion of the controversial provision in Sen. Marco Rubio s Gang of Eight bill to increase guest-worker programs will disproportionately  hurt America s most vulnerable workers  such as black workers, single women, the elderly, and first-generation immigrants.While Ryan argues that more low-wage immigrant labor is needed to fill labor shortages, National Review s Rich Lowry has previously declared,  The next time I hear a Republican strategist or a Republican politician say that there are jobs that Americans won t do, that person should be shot, he should be hanged, he should be wrapped in a carpet and thrown in the Potomac River. Ryan s push to expand immigration comes on top of the nation s existing federal policy of autopilot visa dispensations. Under current policy, every day the U.S. brings in enough new immigrants to fill an overcrowded, metropolitan high school. Every week, the United States brings in enough new immigrants to fill the Staples Center, where the Los Angeles Lakers play. Every year, we add an immigrant population the size of Dallas. And every three years, the U.S. adds another entire city of Los Angeles, made up of foreign-born immigrants.Ryan, however, seems to believe these numbers should be even bigger, even as the U.S. foreign-born population is already at an all-time high of 42.4 million.Perhaps the most unusual aspect of Ryan s using conservative talk radio platforms to make arguments for expanded immigration is that the Republican Party is now in the position of having an electorate that is almost universally opposed (92 percent according to Pew) to immigration increases, but it is led by a House Speaker who has a two-decade long history of pushing for higher rates of immigration. This means that one segment of the electorate, perhaps most in favor of immigration reductions, now has as its leader one of the politicians most associated with pushing for expanded immigration.Read more: Breitbart",0
16893,NEW POLICY: TSA Can Now Force You To Go Through Body Scanners,"The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) screeners at airports can now force passengers to go through body scanners, according to a new policy change.The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has updated its protocol to no longer allow passengers to opt out of being electronically scanned at through Advanced Imaging Technology (AIT) machines at checkpoints. Before the change, people could choose a physical screening. While passengers may generally decline AIT screening in favor of physical screening, TSA may direct mandatory AIT screening for some passengers,  the DHS issued in a Dec. 18 policy update.The change weakens the opt-out rule but doesn t entirely eliminate it, a TSA spokesman told TIME.  Passengers undergoing screening will still have the option to decline an AIT screening in favor of a physical screening,  agency spokesman Mike England said in a statement.  However, some passengers will still be required to undergo AIT screenings as warranted by security considerations in order to safeguard transportation security. Via: Time",0
16894,BREAKING: ‘Sensitive’ Benghazi E-Mails Released In Christmas Eve Document Dump,"Interesting isn t it? It s Christmas Eve and 16 pages of e-mails are released. These are not just any old e-mails. These e-mails are very important to finding out what happened the night of the Benghazi attack. Here s The Hill s take on why these were released today:The documents were released as part of a  proactive disclosure  under the Freedom of Information Act. The government and public relations firms have been known to release unflattering information around major holidays or weekends to blunt the news effect.The Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) released a handful of sensitive documents Thursday morning dealing with terrorism suspect Anwar al-Awlaki and the terrorist attacks in Benghazi, Libya.The Christmas Eve document dump includes 16 pages of heavily blacked-out emails about the events surrounding the 2012 terrorist attack on a U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi that killed four Americans.The DNI emails about Benghazi are heavily redacted and appear to contain little new information. Several of the emails discuss the drafting of an assessment of the threat level ahead of the attack, which was being prepared for Congress in the months after four Americans were killed in the attack. Other emails include periodic press clippings about the state of Benghazi in the years after the incident, which were meant to give staffers  situational awareness. Another document released Thursday is a memo to the State Department that shows the DNI signed off on a proposal to revoke al-Awlaki s U.S. passport about seven and a half months before he was killed by the U.S. in a 2011 drone strike in Yemen.News that al-Awlaki s passport was revoked by the State Department before he was killed was reported back in 2012. In the 2011 memo, released Thursday, the DNI told the State Department that it  concurs with the proposal to revoke the U.S. passport of Anwar Nasser al-Aulaqi. A previously released Justice Department memo from that time found that the government did not see any constitutional problems with killing al-Awlaki, a U.S. citizen, because of his alleged leadership roles with al Qaeda.Other documents released Thursday are related a 2013 update about how to mark sensitive human intelligence that has been gathered. Another relates to the schedule of National Counterintelligence Executive William Evanina in early 2015.The documents were released as part of a  proactive disclosure  under the Freedom of Information Act. The government and public relations firms have been known to release unflattering information around major holidays or weekends to blunt the news effect.Via: The Hill",0
16895,French Journalist Hit With Huge Fine For “Inciting Hate” Against Muslims…Even Though We All Know What He Said Is True,"Americans should pay close attention to this story, especially after Loretta Lynch announced the US Government will punish anyone for anti-Muslim speech.Journalist and writer  ric Zemmour has once again been fined   this time 3,000 euros   for inciting to hate Muslims. Le Parisien reports:Polemicist Eric Zemmour was sentenced on Thursday to a fine of 3,000 euros for provoking hatred towards Muslims, as a result of comments he made to the Italian daily Corriere della Sera in October 2014. In particular, he declared that the Muslims  have their civil code, it s the Koran,  that they  live among themselves in the suburbs. The French are forced to leave.  The prosecution had asked for a fine of 10,000 euros. I believe we re heading for chaos. This situation of a people in the people, of Muslims in the French people, will lead us to chaos and to civil war,  he added.  Millions of persons live here, in France, but refuse to live in the French manner. ric Zemmour was at the time promoting his book Le Suicide fran ais.Note: First, the use of the term  polemicist  to describe Zemmour is a deliberate attempt by the media to emphasize his  warlike  nature and his refusal to debate. The word evokes hostility and single-mindedness. Second, Zemmour s reference to a possible civil war preceded by fourteen months the statement by Manuel Valls, between the two rounds of the regional elections, that an FN victory would lead to civil war. No one prosecuted Valls. Third, there is an implication that Zemmour s words were intended to provoke in order to sell more books, since he was on a book tour in Italy.During the hearing in the Paris criminal court, the polemicist had maintained that he was speaking of  the Muslims in the suburbs who organize and who are planning to secede.  Prosecutor Annabelle Philippe deemed that his remarks that she regarded as  stigmatizing and without nuance , were aimed at the  totality of the Muslim community.  The court agreed stating that at no point in the interview did he reduce his comments to  just a fraction  of Muslims. The whole of Zemmour s remarks  rests on an eminently divisive assumption: that the Muslim community, in its essence and its culture, is in opposition to the French and to the French people,  said the judges. Claiming to relate an ineluctable evolution,  ric Zemmour proposes to his readers the only option capable, in his eyes, of avoiding civil war: an organized and forced departure from France of the entire Muslim community.  The court lambasted his  warlike and catastrophe-prone semantics  that denote  the conceptual passage from a probable reality to a solution at once credible and desirable. Note: So it is a crime in France to express a  credible  solution to a  probable  reality? It s a crime to even envisage a chaotic situation caused by Islamic doctrine?His lawyer Olivier Pardo, who plans to appeal, reacted:  The remarks made by  ric Zemmour before the November 13 attacks are today shared by a large part of those who voice their opinion. I cannot help but note the relentlessness to which he was subjected. The polemicist was also condemned to pay one or one thousand euros, depending on the case, in damages to the associations comprising the plaintiffs. To that will be added court costs, for a total of 13,003 euros.Note: Criminal and civil trials are combined here. While we would have a separate civil suit, in France the damages are meted out in the criminal court.The judges  decision  again has recognized that  ric Zemmour is a propagator of hatred,  deemed Sabrina Goldman, attorney for LICRA (International League against Racism and Antisemitism).  His words are all the more dangerous because he presents himself as the apostle of truth; he claims to tell the truth when in fact he only expresses hatred,  she declared. The president of SOS Racism, Dominique Sopo, expressed satisfaction that the justice system had reminded us that  freedom of expression is not freedom to spread hatred . He also said:  It makes you wonder again how he can hold such a position of authority in the media.  Via: LeParisian",0
16896,"MUSLIM ACTIVISTS LAUNCH VOTER REGISTRATION DRIVE, As They Know 2016 Election Will Decide America’s Future","Who would ve guessed? A coalition of U.S.-based Muslim groups claiming that anti-Muslim backlash is on the rise in the wake of the terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino hopes to register one million people to vote before the 2016 election as part of a  civic empowerment initiative. Oussama Jammal, the secretary general of the U.S. Council on Muslim Organizations, also announced in a press conference held Monday at the National Press Club that the group will  seek to increase emergency preparedness for Islamic institutions and individuals to address the rising number of incidents of hate crimes that are unfortunately happening nationwide. While the press conference participants   who hailed from such groups as the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), the Islamic Society of North America (ISNA), and the Islamic Circle of North America (ICNA)   focused little attention on the recent terrorist attacks, they focused on some of the political rhetoric that has followed.To address what they perceive as public and political backlash, the groups plan the massive Muslim voter outreach as well as a  major educational outreach  which will include a  One America  program aimed at helping non-Muslims understand Islam.One speaker, ISNA vice president Atlaf Husain, urged local, state and federal politicians who  aspire to political victory  to engage Muslims.He also cautioned:  If you as a political candidate choose to spew hatred, bigotry and to vilify Muslim-Americans, you do so at your own political risk. We will use every democratic   small  d    democratic means political strategies to ensure that your candidacy never succeeds. Press conference participants were vague on how the massive Muslim voter registration effort will unfold.Responding to a reporter s question on the matter, Jammal said that the coalition will mobilize the Muslim community through early voting efforts and by busing and shuttling voters to polling stations. Via: Daily Caller",0
16897,THE WAR ON CHRISTMAS Has Come To Bethlehem,"Say it ain t so! The New York town of Bethlehem is being cleansed of all things Christmas and Hanukkah. Any and all signs of Christmas including a town sign that says Merry Christmas are gone. We can only say Bah Humbug! That little town in upstate New York shut down any hopes of happy holidays by voting to not display any  Merry Christmas  signs in public   and even taking down a banner for Hanukkah, too.The holiday hoopla followed apparent anxieties that this town near Albany   which shares a name with the birthplace of Jesus Christ himself   might appear to be favoring one religion over another.The town for years displayed a Christmas tree and a Menorah in its central Four Corners area, according to the Albany Times-Union. But it drew the line on signs that had any written messages   such as,  Merry Christmas  or  Happy Hanukkah. One resident, Elena Marcelle, bought a  Merry Christmas  sign for the town several years ago. This year, she said learned the town wasn t interested in hanging it up as usual. She asked town board members why. At first they said it was a traffic distraction,  Marcelle, 47, told the Daily News. The second reason is that they were afraid of infringing on constitutional rights. But the board had in fact voted to ditch worded displays altogether, meaning a  Happy Hanukkah  sign disappeared too.This despite a letter sent from the Alliance Defending Freedom, an Arizona-based conservative Christian group, urging Bethlehem to keep its holiday spirit alive. The irony is not lost on us that your town s name is Bethlehem,  the letter said, according to the Times-Union.Marcelle said she s amazed the town would mince words over holiday cheer. It was just a holiday greeting,  she said about her Christmas sign. I didn t ask to have a nativity scene. It would just recognize that Christmas is a holiday. The town has no law on the books banning any kind of holiday display. But town supervisor John Clarkson told The News the town s attorney warned the board this year that municipalities might get a legal lump of coal over any sign celebrating one holiday in particular. We re a municipality, not a religious entity,  Clarkson said. Advocating on behalf of any religion is one of those gray zones you don t want to get into. He said he saw no irony in Bethlehem stepping away from holiday greetings, noting that the town is at least sticking by its Christmas tree and Menorah presentations. I would say this little town of Bethlehem still has a really nice, homey holiday display,  he said.Via: NYDN",0
16898,Food Stamp Rap Song About EBT Card Only One Of Many Ways SNAP is Glamorized [Video],"The monthly cost for the feds to pay for food stamps is sickening. We re at an all time high for people receiving help with SNAP. You might think it s because there are so many people who need it..WRONG! It has become a debit card for some to just buy whatever they want with it. Yes, it s not just for cheese and milk anymore. You can buy fast food and so many other things with your government issued debit card. This is NOT good news for the hardworking Americans out there who pay for this fraud, waste and abuse. The abuse is bad enough but what if I told you major corporations partner with the feds to PROMOTE food stamp use? Three powerful industry sectors benefit from SNAP: 1) major food manufacturers such as Coca-Cola, Kraft, and Mars; 2) leading food retailers such as Walmart and Kroger; and 3) large banks, such as J.P. Morgan Chase, which contract with states to help administer SNAP benefits. The number of individuals receiving benefits from the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, otherwise known as food stamps, has exceeded 45 million for 53 straight months, according to data released by the Department of Agriculture.THE EBT RAP GLAMORIZES USING THE EBT: There were 45,415,445 beneficiaries of the food stamp program in September 2015, the latest month for which data is available. The number declined by 48,988 from August to September.The USDA has been tracking data on participation in the program since fiscal year 1969, at which time average participation stood at about 2,800,000. This means that since then, participation in the program has increased by roughly 16-fold.Maura Corrigan, a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, says that despite improvements in the economy, the program remains large and too few adults who benefit from the program are working. As a former state human services director who administered more than 70 federal means-tested welfare programs, I believe that one track is especially important for reforming welfare programs  she said.  Our nation s simple three-word mantra should be:  Better Off Working.  Social safety-net programs, including SNAP, should expect and encourage work and the dignity and responsibility that accompany it from those who are able to do so. Additionally, she says that the program promotes adding beneficiaries to its rolls.  Rather than promoting self-sufficiency, SNAP s predominant track record over the past decade has been to add participants to its rolls. Also, its eligibility definitions are in many cases vague, allowing it to deny fraud, waste, and abuse in the program, despite the reports of such behavior from citizens and caseworkers. The number of food stamp recipients first exceeded 45 million in May 2011. Since then, the number has consistently exceeded 45 million, hitting a record high of about 47,790,000 in December 2012.Households on food stamps received an average benefit of $255.51 in September 2015, and total benefits for the month cost taxpayers $5.72 billion.Read more: WFB",0
16899,CONGRESS JUST VOTED TO GIVE IRS $260 MILLION…New Audit Shows $46 Million In Erroneous Refunds Given In 2013,"The IRS is the epitome of an incompetent government agency The Internal Revenue Service issued more than $46 million in erroneous tax refunds due to a computer glitch and ineffective monitoring, issues that left uncorrected could cost taxpayers up to $230 million over the next five years.The Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) released an audit Monday faulting the IRS for approving thousands of potentially fraudulent tax refunds in 2013. TIGTA identified that because of a programming error, over $27 million of refunds were erroneously issued for 13,043 Tax Year 2013 tax returns,  the audit said.  The programming error is overriding the IRS s two-week processing delay on some refund tax returns that are identified by the IRS as potentially fraudulent. The audit said the returns were flagged for claiming a  questionable tax credit  but were then automatically issued before the IRS could complete its verification process.In addition, the audit identified 3,910  potentially fraudulent  tax returns that were issued due to ineffective monitoring, totaling $19 million. The IRS did not ensure that tax examiners timely completed their verification work,  the audit said.  Name mismatches in IRS systems prevented refund holds from posting to tax accounts. Refund holds were either not set correctly or not functioning as intended. Rep. Diane Black (R., Tenn.) called for IRS Commissioner John Koskinen to step down for what she called the latest misstep by the agency. We didn t need another reminder that the IRS is mired in incompetence and mismanagement, but we got it anyway,  she said in a statement.  This latest study comes on the heels of stinging reports that IRS employees failed to pay their own tax bill and granted illegal contracts to tax cheats. It is abundantly clear that Commissioner John Koskinen has failed in his duty to restore trust at the IRS and must be replaced, but Congress is not guiltless either. Just last week, my colleagues voted over my objections to give this bureaucracy another $290 million in the bloated omnibus bill,  Black continued.  Only in Washington is this kind of ineptitude rewarded with a bigger check. Taxpayers have every right to be outraged by the dysfunction at the IRS I know I am. The audit predicted that the programming error could lead the IRS to issue $135.5 million in erroneous refunds over the next five years. Ineffective monitoring could also cost taxpayers more than $95 million in erroneous refunds because  tax returns are not being verified as required. In all, the mistakes could cost $230.4 million over the next five years. Via: WFB",0
16900,OBAMA WARNS: Crackdown On Terrorism In U.S. Would Violate Iran Deal,"Never mind that Iran continues to violate Obama s lopsided deal Senior Obama administration officials are expressing concern that congressional attempts to tighten laws preventing terrorists from entering the United States could violate the Iran nuclear agreement and prompt Tehran to walk away from the agreement.Congress is considering measures that would tighten the Visa Waiver Program to make it harder for potential terrorists to legally enter the United States by increasing restrictions on individuals who have travelled to countries with prominent terrorist organizations from bypassing security checks upon entering the United States.Iranian officials have in recent days repeatedly issued threatening statements to the Obama administration, saying that such moves would violate the nuclear agreement, and the Obama administration last week conveyed the Iranian anger to American lawmakers.Stephen Mull, the State Department official in charge of implementing the Iran deal, warned the Senate Foreign Relations Committee late last week that these congressional efforts  could have a very negative impact on the deal. Under the revised law, which came in the week of a deadly terrorist attack in California, individuals who have travelled to Iran a lead sponsor of global terrorism would no longer be eligible to participate in the Visa Waiver Program, which permits individuals from 38 partner nations to more easily enter the United States.Congress remains concerned that gaps in the program could prevent federal law enforcement officials from detecting terror-tied individuals before they are granted entrance to U.S. soil.However, a portion of the Iran nuclear deal mandates that the United States not take any action that could harm Iran s economic relationships with other countries. Iranian officials maintain that the new restrictions violate this passage of the deal.Ali Larijani, the speaker of Iran s parliament, said last week that these tightened measures  are aimed at harassment  and that they  blatantly violate the nuclear agreement,  according to comments carried by the Iranian state-controlled press.Larijani warned that this action will detonate the deal before it has even been implemented. If the Americans pursue the plan, they will destroy an achievement with their own hands since it is against the [nuclear deal] and it will trouble them,  he warned.Rep. Chris Murphy (D., Conn.) echoed these concerns last week when he questioned Mull during a Senate hearing.Visa waiver reform efforts include  a naming of Iran such that individuals who have travelled to Iran will no loner be eligible for the visa waiver program,  Murphy said.  There has been a suggestion because there is an element of the agreement that obligates us to not to take steps that would stop economic relations between other nations and Iran that we could perhaps be in jeopardy of breaching the agreement. Mull agreed with this assessment. I have heard from very senior, and Secretary [of State John] Kerry has as well, from very senior officials of differing European allies of ours that it could have a very negative impact on the deal,  he said.Sources working with Congress on the Iran deal criticized the Obama administration for attempting to stymie increased action on terrorism due to its desire to preserve the nuclear deal. According to the Obama administration s latest interpretation, the nuclear deal allows Iran to test ballistic missiles in violation of international law, but does not allow Congress to prevent terrorists from coming into the United States,  Omri Ceren, the managing director of press and strategy at The Israel Project, a D.C.-based organization that works with journalists on Middle East issues, told the Washington Free Beacon.Seyed Araqchi, Iran s deputy foreign minister, also warned that Iran is prepared to  take action  against the United States for implementing visa restrictions.Iran s latest threat to break the deal comes amid numerous Iranian provocations, including multiple tests of advanced ballistic missiles, acts prohibited under United Nations Security Council resolutions.The Obama administration repeatedly said that, while it does not agree with those launches, they do not violate the nuclear deal.Via: WFB",0
16901,EPIC BACKFIRE: The Left Makes Video Warning Followers About Possible Cruz Victory…Ends Up Looking Like Cruz Promo,"Does anyone remember a time in recent history that candidates in the Republican party caused so many hissy fits by the Left?// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Is Ted Cruz Scarier than Donald Trump?Trump may get the headlines, but Ted Cruz has got the game.Posted by AJ+ on Friday, 18 December 2015h/t Gerald Ewing",0
16902,TOP PRIORITY: Obama Springs Crack Dealers Out Of Prison In Record Numbers,"The controversy surrounding Obama s prison reforms continues with the release of more  non-violent  drug dealers. Andy McCarthy had this to say about the lawlessness of Obama s release of prisoners: In making a mockery of his core constitutional duty to execute the laws faithfully, the broad law-enforcement discretion the Constitution vests in the executive branch has been President Obama s preferred sleight of hand. In reality,  prosecutorial discretion  is merely a resource-allocation doctrine peculiar to criminal law: a recognition of the obvious fact that enforcement resources are finite; that it is neither possible nor desirable that every penal infraction be prosecuted; and therefore that priorities must be established about which cases should be pursued, which left to state law-enforcement to handle, and which overlooked. The doctrine has never been what the president has turned it into: a license not merely to ignore but to rewrite laws   not just penal laws; any laws   with which he disagrees on policy grounds. He s set a record with the number of releases:President Barack Obama commuted the prison sentences of 95 people, mainly for non-violent, drug-related offenses, and pardoned two others, the White House said in a statement on Friday.Obama has made reforms to the US criminal justice system to reduce the number of people serving long sentences for non-violent drug crimes one of the top priorities for his remaining year in office.With the move on Friday, President Obama, who signed the Fair Sentencing Act in 2010, has now granted 184 commutations during his time in office   more than the last five presidents combined.The number of sentences Obama commuted Friday is more than double the number he granted this summer and it s the third time this year he s given clemency, the Washington Post reported. I commuted the sentences of 95 men and women who had served their debt to society, another step forward in upholding our ideals of justice and fairness,  Obama said.The Fair Sentencing Act reduced the sentencing disparities between crack and powder cocaine offenses and many of the pardoned offenders would have faced shorter penalties under today s laws.Each of the 95 people who received a commutation Friday got a personal letter from the president.He wrote:  I believe in your ability to prove the doubters wrong, and change your life for the better.Ex-Democratic presidents Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter reduced sentences for 90 inmates total.Republicans George W Bush, his father and Ronald Reagan commuted sentences for 27 people.",0
16903,SWEDEN IS ON BRINK OF COLLAPSE… Gun Purchases Are Way Up…Pepper Spray Selling Out…Muslims Beating Non-Muslims On Streets,"The politically correct country of Sweden paying a very big price for their kindness, generosity and open-borders policy This attack happened in Norrmalmstorg, Stockholm. The two Swedes told them not to vandalize flowerpots   and as a response they got beaten up for it.https://youtu.be/Rsn_1TO1kMUThis is indeed the future of Europe. By their irresponsible, short-sighted, suicidal immigration and refugee policies, Europe s political and media elites have ensured a future of violence, bloodshed and chaos for their people. Sweden, the future of Europe: people stock up on fire arms, police recommend vigilante groups ,  by Nicolai Sennels, 10News.dk, December 12, 2015 (thanks to TheReligionofPeace.com):This is a very interesting read, because the whole of Europe is heading the same way as Sweden. Sweden is, so to speak, the future of Europe. And in this future, those who can afford it pay security companies   the rest gest license for firearms and forms vigilante groups. via: Pamela Gellar You have to understand that Swedes are really scared when an asylum house opens in their village. They can see what has happened in other places.    Salesman for alarm systems.Since Parliament decided in 1975 that Sweden should be multicultural and not Swedish, crime has exploded. Violent crime has increased by over 300% and rapes have increased by an unbelievable 1,472%.The violence at the hands of Muslim migrants  is nothing new to Sweden. This horrific video was published in 2013:Many Swedes see the mass immigration as a forced marriage: Sweden is forced to marry a man she did not choose, yet she is expected to love and honor him, even though he beats her and treats her badly. Her parents (the government) tell her to be warm and show solidarity with him. Are the State and I now in agreement that our mutual contract is being renegotiated?    Alexandra von Schwerin, whose farm who was robbed three times. Police refused to help.Once upon a time, there was a safe welfare state called Sweden, where people rarely locked their doors.Now, this country is a night-watchman state   each man is on his own. When the Minister of Justice, Morgan Johansson, encourages breaking the law, it means opening the gates to anarchy. Mr. and Mrs. Swede have every reason to be worried, with the influx of 190,000 unskilled and unemployed migrants expected this year   equivalent to 2% of Sweden s current population. The number is as if 6.4 million penniless migrants who did not speak English arrived in U.S. in one year, or 1.3 million in Britain.And the Swedes are preparing: demand for firearms licenses is increasing; more and more Swedes are joining shooting clubs and starting vigilante groups. After a slight dip in 2014, the number of new gun permits has gone up significantly again this year. According to police statistics, there are 1,901,325 licensed guns, owned by 567,733 people, in Sweden. Add to this an unknown number of illegal weapons. To get a gun permit in Sweden, you need to be at least 18 years old; law-abiding; well-behaved, and have a hunting license or be a member of an approved shooting club. In 2014, 11,000 people got a hunting license: 10% more than the year before. One out of five was a woman. There is also a high demand for alarm systems right now,  says a salesman at one of the security companies in an interview with Gatestone. It is largely due to the turbulence we are seeing around the country at the moment.  People have lost confidence in the State, he added.  The police will not come anymore. Truck drivers say that when they see a thief emptying the fuel tank of their trucks, they run out with a baseball bat. It is no use calling the police, but if you hit the thief, you can at least prevent him from stealing more diesel. Many homeowners say the same thing: they sleep with a baseball bat under the bed. But this is risky: the police can then say you have been prepared to use force, and that might backfire on you. The salesman, who asked to remain anonymous, also spoke of Sweden s many Facebook groups, in which people in different villages openly discuss how they intend to protect themselves:  Sometimes you get totally freaked out when you see what they are writing. But you have to understand that Swedes are really scared when an asylum house opens in their village. They can see what has happened in other places. One blog, detailing the consequences for the local population when an asylum facility opens, is aptly named Asylkaos ( Asylum Chaos ). There is a list of companies the reader is prompted to boycott; the blog claims these businesses encourage the transformation of Sweden to a multicultural society, and are therefore considered  hostile to Swedes. At another security company, a salesman said that every time the Immigration Service buys or rents a new housing facility, his firm is swamped with calls.  The next day,  he said,  half the village calls and wants to buy alarm systems. Ronny Fredriksson, spokesman of the security company Securitas, said that the demand for home alarm systems first exploded about six years ago, when many local police stations were shut down and police moved to the main towns. This, he said, could result in response times of several hours.  More and more people now employ the services of our security guards. Shopping malls and stores in the city come together and hire guards. We are kind of like the  local beat  cops of old. Even though Securitas makes big money from the increased need for home security alarms and security guards, Fredriksson says they also are worried about the effect on society: The problem is that we too need the police. When our guards catch a burglar or a violent person, we call the police but the response times are often very long. Sometimes, the detainees get violent and quite rowdy. On occasion, the police have told us to release the person we have apprehended, if we have his identity, because they do not have a patrol nearby. Even before the massive influx of migrants in the fall of 2015, Swedes felt a need to protect themselves   and with good reason. Since the Parliament decided in 1975 that Sweden should be multicultural and not Swedish, crime has exploded. Violent crime has increased by more than 300%, and rapes have increased by an unbelievable 1,472%.The politicians, however, ignore the people s fear completely. It is never discussed. Instead, the people who express concern about what kind of country Sweden has become are accused of xenophobia and racism. Most likely, that is the reason more and more people are taking matters into their own hands, and protecting themselves and their families to the best of their ability.All the same, some people do not settle for that. It seems some people are trying to stop mass immigration to Sweden. Almost every day there are reports of fires being set at asylum houses. So far, miraculously, no one has been hurt.These fires are set not only by Swedes. On October 13, a 36-year-old woman living in Skellefte  was convicted of setting fire to the asylum facility in which she herself resided. The woman claimed she lit a candle and then fell asleep. Yet forensic evidence showed that a combustible fluid had been doused throughout the room, and the court found beyond a reasonable doubt that she herself had ignited the fire.The number of violent incidents at Sweden s Immigration Service facilities is now sky-high. In 2013, according to Dispatch International, at least one incident happened every day. When Gatestone Institute recently acquired the incident list for January 1, 2014 through October 29, 2015, that number had risen to 2,177 incidents of threats, violence and brawls   on average, three per day.The Swedish government, however, would apparently rather not talk about that. Foreign Minister Margot Wallstr m conceded, in an interview with the daily Dagens Nyheter that garnered international attention, that Sweden is, in fact, heading for a systemic breakdown: Most people seem to think we cannot maintain a system where perhaps 190,000 people will arrive every year. In the long run, our system will collapse. This welcome is not going to receive popular support. We want to give people who come here a worthy reception. Symptomatic of Swedish journalists, this statement was tucked away at the end of the article. The headline was about how the political party that is critical of immigration, the Sweden Democrats Party (Sverigedemokraterna), is responsible for the asylum-housing fires. But foreign media, such as The Daily Mail and Russia Today, picked up Wallstr m s warning about a systemic collapse and ran it as the urgent news it actually is.Nevertheless, in official Sweden, the imminent collapse is ignored. Instead, journalists exclusively focus on attacks by supposedly  racist  Swedes on refugee centers. To prevent new fires, the Immigration Service decided on October 28 that from now on, all asylum facilities would have secret addresses. And meager police resources will now be stretched even further   to protect asylum seekers. Police helicopters will even patrol refugee centers. But considering there are only five helicopters available, and that Sweden s landmass is 407,340 square km (157,274 square miles), this gesture is effectively empty.At a meeting with the Nordic Council in Reykjavik, Iceland, on October 27, Sweden s Prime Minister, Stefan L fven, was questioned by his Nordic colleagues about the situation in Sweden. L fven had recently said that,  We should have the option of relocating people applying for asylum in Sweden to other EU-countries. Our ability, too, has a limit. We are facing a paradigm shift.  That comment led a representative of Finland s Finns Party (Sannfinl ndarna) to wonder, with a hint of irony, how mass immigration to Sweden, which for years Swedish politicians have touted as being so profitable, has now suddenly become a burden.Another Finns Party representative, Simon Elo, pointed out that the situation in Sweden is out of control.  Sweden has great abilities, but not even the Swedes have abilities that great,  Elo said.When L fven was asked how he is dealing with the real concerns and demands of the citizenry, his answer was laconic:  Of course I understand there is concern,  L fven said.  It is not easy. But at the same time   there are 60 million people on the run. This is also about them being our fellow men, and I hope that viewpoint will prevail. The daily tabloid Expressen asked L fven about the attacks on asylum facilities. He replied,  Our communities should not be characterized by threats and violence, they should be warm and show solidarity. As if such behavior can be forced.Many Swedes see mass immigration as a forced marriage: Sweden is forced to marry a man she did not choose, yet she is expected to love and honor him even though he beats her and treats her badly. And on top of that, her parents (the government) tell her to be warm and show solidarity with him.More and more Swedish commentators are now drawing the same conclusion: that Sweden is teetering on the brink of collapse. Editorial columnist Ivar Arpi of the daily Svenska Dagbladet, wrote an astonishing article on October 26, about a woman named Alexandra von Schwerin and her husband. The couple lives on the Skarhults Estate farm in Sk ne in southern Sweden; they have been robbed three times. Most recently, they were robbed of a quad bike, a van and a car. When the police arrived, von Schwerin asked them what she should do. The police told her that they could not help her.  All our resources are on loan to the asylum reception center in Trelleborg and Malm ,  they said.  We are overloaded right now. So I suggest you get in touch with the vigilante group in Esl v. What the police had called a  vigilante group  turned out to be a group of private business owners. In 2013, after being robbed more or less every night, they had decided to come together and start patrolling the area themselves. Currently, they pay a security firm to watch their facilities. On principal, I am totally against it,  von Schwerin said.  What are the people who cannot afford private security to do? They will be unprotected. I m sure I will join, but very, very reluctantly. For the first time, I feel scared to live here now. Are the State and I now in agreement that our mutual contract is being renegotiated? Commenting on the police s encouraging people to join vigilante groups, social commentator and former Refugee Ombudsman Merit Wager wrote: So, the Swedes are supposed to arrange and pay for their own and their families  security and keep their farms from being subjected to theft, even though that has up to now been included in the social contract   for which we pay high taxes, to have police we can count on to protect us and apprehend criminals?! When did the social contract expire? October 2015? Without any notice of termination, since the tax-consuming party is not fulfilling its part of the deal? This should mean that our part of the deal   to pay taxes for public, joint services   has also become invalid? If the social contract is broken, it is broken. Then it is musical chairs (lawlessness, defenselessness, without protection), and that means that each and every one of us should pay less taxes. Ilan Sad , lawyer and social commentator, wrote about the refugee chaos at Malm  Central Train Station on the blog Det Goda Samh llet on October 27:  The authorities no longer honor the social contract.  He described four large signs on display around the station that read  Refugee? Welcome to Malm !  in four different languages. It is unclear who the sender of the message is, or, for that matter, who is in charge of the reception facility   a number of barracks by the old post office in the inner harbor. Everything is utterly confusing. It could be Malm  City or the Immigration Service, but it might as well be  Refugees Welcome,  or possibly a religious community. I think to myself that a government agency could not reasonably write like this, a correct and pertinent sign would say something like:  Asylum seekers are referred to the barracks for information and further transport.  But I am probably wrong; Malm  City is the chief suspect communicant.   The signs in and around the Central Station are symptoms of something incredibly serious: Role confusion and the decay of the constitutional state. And thus, that our authorities no longer honor the social contract. In a post called Anarchy, blogger Johan Westerholm, who is a Social Democratic Party member and a critic of the government, wrote that the Minister for Justice and Migration, Morgan Johansson, is now urging authorities to  be pragmatic  about laws and regulations (concerning asylum housing for so-called unaccompanied refugee children). Westerholm stated that this is tantamount to the government  opening the gates to anarchy : Our country is founded on law; Parliament legislates and the courts apply these. Morgan Johansson s statement and his otherwise passive approach are testimony to how this, our kind of democracy, may fade into a memory very shortly. He now laid the first brick in the building of a state that rests on other principles. Anarchism. If anarchy really does break out, it would be good to remember that there are nearly two million licensed firearms in Sweden. Sweden s shooting clubs have seen a surge in interest; many are welcoming a lot of new members lately. Via: Gatestone Institute",0
16904,HERE’S THE LIST OF People We Elected Who Just Made Our Nation Less Safe While Adding $1.1 Trillion To The Taxpayer’s Tab," If you re like us, you either made a donation, knocked on doors, or called voters on behalf of a Republican candidate in the 2014 election. Maybe you did all three things. Is the candidate you worked so hard to get elected or re-elected on this list? We were very disappointed to see the name of the candidate we supported for US Rep in MI on the list of  Yea s.  We also know we won t be working so hard to help him with his re-election bid next time around. Only ONE Representative in the entire state of MI, Justin Amash (R-MI) actually stood up against the establishment and said  NO, we re not gonna take it anymore! Please take the time to look through this list and contact your US Representative or US Senator. Let them know the next time they look to you for support of their re-election, that you don t help people who sell out our nation.It s worth noting, that Marco Rubio didn t even bother to vote on one of the most critical spending and national security bills in our nation s history! If he can t be bothered to vote on such a critical bill, how can he be bothered with representing our nation in the most powerful position in our government? Conservative presidential candidate, Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) voted against this insane bill. He criticized the legislation in a statement after the vote, saying it  effectively forfeits our massive Republican victories of 2014 and cements Obama s priorities for nearly the full remainder of his term. For a quick look at how the passage of this bill will harm the security of Americans, while adding a huge debt to our children and grandchildren s future, click HERE.Here is how our US Senators voted on the Omnibus spending bill:",0
16905,HOW OBAMA Is Putting Terrorist Boots On The Ground,"Every American should be demanding answers about why Barack Hussein Obama is in such a hurry to empty Gitmo before he leaves office. Illegal alien prisoners are being released at an unprecedented rate. Our borders are being left wide open by a President who s demanded our US Border Agents stand down. Visas are being given to people coming here with the sole intention of harming innocent Americans. Law enforcement has been ridiculed and weakened by a spiteful racist and his willing accomplices in the media. What do we need to do to alert the Kim Kardashian followers our United States of America  is intentionally being destroyed by a radical in the White House?National Security: The Pentagon has cleared the release of 17 more terrorist detainees from Guantanamo Bay prison. President Obama puts jihadist boots on the ground before mobilizing U.S. troops in the Middle East.A congressional aide told Fox News on Thursday that the White House s strategy in the decision this week to set free more terrorist prisoners from the Gitmo facility in U.S.-controlled territory in Cuba is to get the number of detainees there to  as low as they can get,  even if it means  a good deal of risk.  The underlying reason is that closing Gitmo was a major Obama campaign promise in 2008, and he doesn t want to leave office with it still open.But the promise was to close it in 2009. Upon taking office, however, Obama found himself faced with the fact that Gitmo was a rather brilliant idea that the Bush administration came up with to prevent captured terrorists from exploiting the U.S. legal system.The spectacle of U.S. courts setting terrorists free, after trials in which the jihadists  American legal teams might actually get access to and make public sensitive classified information, was not anything for which Obama wanted to be blamed. He seems amenable, however, to his successor having nowhere to hold captured terrorists.Release of the 17 supposedly  low-level  combatants, many of them from Yemen, where war rages, brings the number of Gitmo prisoners down to 90. We were told that  Osama bin Laden s cook,  Ibrahim al-Qosi, released by Obama from Gitmo in 2012, was low-level, but now he cooks up terrorist operations as a celebrity leader of al-Qaida in Yemen.The Pentagon is going along with this politicized emptying of the Guantanamo Bay holding facility. And the decision coming right after an Islamic State-inspired Christmas party attack within the homeland, which slaughtered 14 innocent Americans, suggests the U.S. military leadership has become a group of puppets.A major reason for former Republican Sen. Chuck Hagel s forced departure as Obama s defense secretary last year after a brief tenure, let s not forget, was his hesitation in approving Gitmo releases.In last week s GOP presidential debate, it was a woman who promised that she would  immediately  reverse Obama s emasculation of the Pentagon. Carly Fiorina pledged to  bring back the warrior class   Petraeus, McChrystal, Mattis, Keane, Flynn   every one was retired early because they told President Obama things that he didn t want to hear. Obama calls Gitmo  a sad chapter in American history,  but it was almost comic when the worst complaint Shaker Aamer, released from Gitmo in October after nearly 14 years, could tell of in a British TV interview was  they just suck all your feelings out of you,  adding that  torture is not about beating. Torture is not about hanging from the ceiling with handcuffs and all that     all that  presumably being three square halal meals a day, courtesy of the U.S. taxpayer.Curiously,  The Most Transparent Administration in History  is now imposing new, severe restrictions on journalist access to Guantanamo Bay, with no more visits to the two detention centers where most detainees are housed, and no more interviews of guards and staff. Outgoing U.S. Southern Command chief Marine Gen. John Kelly told AP that the reason was:  We really did have to get some organization to what was going on down there.  After all these years?Under Obama, information on the frequency of prisoners assaulting guards and conducting hunger strikes has stopped being made public.It isn t torture or mistreatment that the Obama administration is hiding from the world s eyes within the walls of Guantanamo Bay; it s that what we have down there is a luxury resort to house terrorists, and that the president is incrementally releasing those soldiers of jihad back onto the battlefield   after America has spent years fattening them up. Via: IBD ",0
16906,NEW ORLEANS Bans Incredible Civil War Monuments,"We ve been following this push to remove all statues related to the Civil War. It was basically ramrodded through by the Mayor and other pc idiots. This is our history and is honoring those who fought in the Civil War. Is anyone else sick about this? If you ve ever been to New Orleans you would remember the beautiful statues sprinkled around the city. It s part of the charm and the rich history of New Orleans.  This is wrong, wrong, wrong! THANK YOU TO THE HAYRIDE FOR ALL THE TRUTH IN THIS THAT SHOWS WHAT A SHAM IT IS:The New Orleans City Council voted 6-1 today to remove four historical monuments in the city: Robert E Lee Circle, PGT Beauregard s City Park statue, the Jefferson Davis monument and the Liberty Place monument.Mayor Mitch Landrieu first requested the proposal back in June after the AME Charleson Church shooting. At the time, Landrieu said he wanted to hold a  60-day discussion period  so that residents could converse about the four monuments on the chopping block.Though, the Hayride exclusively reported how the Landrieu administration knew that they had the votes to remove all four monuments before even proposing the idea. Also, the Mayor s administration apparently has been looking into warehouse spaces and construction companies to remove the monuments since August, even though the  60-day discussion period  was not over.Councilman Jared Brossett compared the monuments to the  Berlin wall,  while Councilwoman Susan Guidry said she and others were  justifiably offended  by the monuments.Councilwoman Latoya Cantrell and Councilwoman Stacy Head, however, felt differently. Cantrell said she felt  disrespected  by Landrieu for proposing the idea with no input from residents or the City Council.Councilman Jason Williams, though, said that other council-members should not be  too upset  with the Landrieu administration for bringing up the issue.Cantrell also took a major issue with the fact that Landrieu suddenly got an anonymous donor to pay for the removal of the monuments. Cantrell said she and the residents of New Orleans deserved to know who was behind removal of the monuments.The Hayride exclusively reported months ago that the anonymous donor was Democrat-funder John Cummings, however Cummings denied being the anonymous donor.Head, the only  no  vote on the monuments issue, said removing the monuments will do nothing for the city, saying that she asked for a compromise, but that compromise was not  given any chance. Last month, Head confirmed exclusive Hayride reports which found that the Landrieu administration had been looking into construction companies and warehouse spaces for months now.Cantrell also confirmed last week that she was actually against removal of monuments because she felt as though the Landrieu administration had rammed the process through the city, taking no input from historians or residents.Read more: The Hayride",0
16907,BUDGET VOTE TODAY! You’ll Flip Out When You See The List Of Pork In This Bill – Call DC!,"Paul Ryan s  omnibus  spending bill gives Obama funding for his Syrian refugee scheme, Planned Parenthood, Obamacare, amnesty, NSA domestic spying, sanctuary cities for illegals, eliminates the budget sequester, and much more. The bill is another 2,000 page whale that has become so common in the Obama era, so there hasn t even been enough time yet to parse the bill and find out what s in it. Doesn t that sound like a former Speaker of the House? And I m not talking about John Boehner. No, in one fell swoop, Paul Ryan has turned out to be even worse than John Boehner. This bill is downright Pelosian in its terribleness. This is a slap in the face to the American people. We hope that once you recover from shock after reading this list, you ll pick up the phone and call DC to voice your anger. Please make the effort to jam the phone lines with angry patriots who are 100% FED Up! with big government. The Capitol Switchboard: 202-224-3121- Just call and ask for whomever you d like to yell at  Here s a list of some of the most egregious things I ve been able to find about this bill.Bail outs for failing health insurance companies under Obamacare Massively expand the foreign worker program, quadrupling the issuance of low-wage visas Fund Obama s unconstitutional amnesty program Fund Planned Parenthood Fund the Paris climate deal Fund sanctuary cities for illegal immigrants Fund Obama s refugee programs Fund financial assistance to resettle illegal aliens within the United States Fund tax credits for illegal aliens Lock in massive spending increases and permanently eliminate the sequester cuts Fund NSA domestic spying Permanently ends the tax deduction for state and local sales taxes, forcing double and triple taxes on the same income Gives special tax breaks that aren t available to ordinary citizens to film companies, green energy companies, NASCAR, race horses, and more Delays the Obamacare  Cadillac Tax,  buying Democrats more time to preserve the law. Funds a $390 million new headquarters for the FBI Extends tax credits to families that pay little or no taxes to begin with (which is just pure wealth redistribution) Increases spending at dozens of Federal agencies including Obama s corrupt Justice Department and the VA Funds Obama s Net Neutrality scheme Allows Obama s plan for a $500 million donation to the  Green Climate Fund  Funds the EPA s infringement on privately owned bodies of water Funds the EPA s infringement on coal power plants Funds a bailout for the failing IMF Makes it easier for Federal departments to spend more than their budgets allow for by offering  changes in mandeory program spending.  Funds an expansion of the FAA s power (who, by the way, recently started regulating toy helicopters) Renews spending on the Department of Transportations  stimulus  program Funds a bailout for Puerto Rico s failing economy Allows the Federal Government to issue subpoenas without a judges signature for American s private emails Funds multi-billion giveaways to Jordan, Tunisia, and EgyptThere s more but this list is a start!Via: Poor Richard s News",0
16908,HUGE BORDER CRISIS: Illegals Brag About Being “Home Free” In The U.S. And Encourage Others To Come [Video],"The American taxpayer is on the hook for the millions and millions it costs to house and feed these kids. Record numbers came here with over 10,000 in October and November. This is unbelievable! You can blame the Obama policy for this:PLEASE WATCH THIS SHOCKING VIDEO: OBAMA POLICY PAYING MILLIONS TO TAKE IN ILLEGALS:WFAA found this:As the newest surge of refugee South American children begins arriving soon in North Texas, everything from food to clothing, counseling and medical services will be provided by the nonprofit group BCFS. But, records show, taxpayers will be footing the bill.Long before the buses of workers who will care for immigrant children rolled into North Texas today, San Antonio-based BCFS was tapped by the Obama administration to provide temporary shelters in North Texas at taxpayer expense. How much is this going to cost? Neither BCFS nor the U.S. Health and Human Services department could say today.But, an online database search of federal contracts and grants shows that there was a spike in payments to the group coinciding with last year s surge of unaccompanied minors.According to USAspending.gov, BCFS received $296 million to administer the government s  Unaccompanied Alien Children Program  nationwide over the past three fiscal years. The costs for temporary shelter operations, medical care, security, room and board are requested, vetted, proposed and authorized for by the federal government,  said Krista Piferrer, BCFS spokeswoman.  All expenses are based on cost-reimbursement, which means funds are drawn down only when goods/services are requested and expended. What the records don t show is exactly what the money bought, or where it was spent.We do know one area where BCFS has spent dollars, though.According to the Center for Responsive Politics, BCFS, which used to be called Baptist Child & Family Services, has spent $210,000 on lobbying lawmakers since 2006.RECORD NUMBER OF ILLEGAL MINORS IN OCTOBER AND NOVEMBER OF 2015: The Department of Homeland Security has told Congress that for the past six years it has deported just six percent of youths who entered the country illegally, an enormous policy failure that illegal immigrants are seizing on to encourage friends and relatives to raid the border.Getting into the United States is so easy, and staying here a cinch, that illegals are even telling U.S. Border Patrol officials that they know they will be freed and are using social media to send home photos of their  permisos,  documents that set them free. Border Patrol agents have confirmed that the new arrivals are saying that they know they will be released after they are processed,  said Jessica M. Vaughan of the Center for Immigration Studies.  They have heard this from family and friends who have gone before and shared their experience. They use social media to communicate this, sometimes even texting pictures of what they call their  permiso,  which is the document they get showing them to appear for a court date years in the future,  she told Secrets.According to a Congress report, DHS told the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee that since 2009, it has apprehended some 122,700 unaccompanied children from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras. But it has only  repatriated  about 7,700, or 6 percent.When added to the administration s practice of releasing most illegal minors who promise to eventually show up at an immigration court hearing and a judge s order to close some detention centers, those looking to flee troubled Latin countries believe that once they get across the border that they are  home free,  said a report on the issue from the Senate Homeland panel headed by Wisconsin Sen. Ron Johnson.A new surge of crossings by minors on the border appear to prove that out, according to Vaughan.When asked about a new report on the surge and what was fueling it, she said,  I believe that part of the reason for the new surge is that the smugglers now can assure their potential customers that they will no longer face a possibility of extended detention after being processed by the Border Patrol, because a federal judge has ordered DHS to close the family and child detention centers. Vaughan, the Center s director of policy studies, said that Border Patrol agents have revealed that new arrivals know they will be released once processed and use social media to spread the word in Latin America.Via: WE",0
16909,Senate Asks For Defense Secretary’s E-mails After NYT Article [Video],"There must be something in the water in Washington how idiotic are these people? The Senate Armed Services Committee has asked for copies of Defense Secretary Ash Carter s personal emails after Carter acknowledged in a statement that he had used a personal email. The statement followed a New York Times article saying it had obtained 72 of Carter s work-related emails that he sent or received from a personal email account. The Times said it was given the emails in response to a Freedom of Information Act request. After reviewing his email practices earlier this year, the secretary believes that his previous, occasional use of personal email for work-related business, even for routine administrative issues and backed up to his official account, was a mistake,  the statement from spokesman Peter Cook said.  As a result, he stopped such use of his personal email and further limited his use of email altogether. With all the public attention surrounding the improper use of personal email by other Administration officials, it is hard to believe that Secretary Carter would exercise the same error in judgment,  Sen. John McCain, an Arizona Republican and committee chairman, said in a statement..  The Senate Armed Services Committee has requested copies of the emails and will be conducting a review to ensure that sensitive information was not compromised.   It s a mistake, and it s entirely my own,  Carter said, adding that  I stopped  when it was clear the practice was against policy. Just listen to our Defense Secretary apologize for using his personal e-mail for Defense Department business: ",0
16910,BUDGET DEAL Quadruples Number Of Unskilled Guest Workers,"Speaker of the House Paul Ryan is officially a total sellout! He agreed to a $1.1 trillion omnibus spending bill with Obama late Wednesday night that increases unskilled guest workers allowed into America significantly. Under the bloated $1.1 trillion bill, the number of H-2B visas will nearly be up as much as four times as the previous levels. This allows unskilled illegals into this country to drive down wages. There is always the chance terrorists are embedded in the increase in visas as well. So it s business as usual in Washington where the american people come last #FIREPAULRYAN! The year-end spending deal unveiled early Wednesday morning includes a provision that would increase the number of guest worker visas available to unskilled foreign nationals seeking employment in the U.S.According to Ian Smith, an attorney with the Immigration Reform Law Institute, language inserted into the omnibus spending deal would nearly quadruple the number of H-2B visa workers admitted to the U.S. next year to about 250,000.The section of the more than 2,000-page omnibus bill that contains the provision, the immigration reduction group NumberUSA reports, is on page 701. It reads: SEC. 565. Section 214(g)(9)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(g)(9)(A)) is amended by striking  2004, 2005, or 2006 shall not again be counted toward such limitation during fiscal year 2007.  and inserting  2013, 2014, or 2015 shall not again be counted toward such limitation during fiscal year 2016. H-2B visas are intended for low-skilled foreign nationals to work temporarily in nonagricultural positions when American workers are unavailable. According to recent reports, however, some employers have abused the system, devising strategies to hire H-2B visa holders over American workers.Via: Breitbart",0
16911,BARACK OBAMA Finds Friend In “Fundamental Transformation Of America”: Shocking Way Ryan Betrayed Americans With $1.1 Trillion Bill,"Funding for Sanctuary Cities, benefits for illegal aliens, fully funded refugee programs, quadruples number of work visas for foreigners, release of criminal aliens, tax credits for illegal aliens, locking in huge spending increases, making America less safe and more Rep. Paul Ryan s first major legislative achievement is a total and complete sell-out of the American people masquerading as an appropriations bill.Too harsh, you say? Let the programs, the spending, and the implications speak for themselves.(1) Ryan s Omnibus Fully Funds DACAThough much of the public attention has surrounded the President s 2014 executive amnesty, the President s 2012 amnesty quietly continues to churn out work permits and federal benefits for hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens. Paul Ryan s bill funds entirely this 2012 executive amnesty for  DREAMers or illegal immigrants who came to the country as minors.Specifically, Division F of Ryan s omnibus bill contains no language that would prohibit the use of funds to continue the President s unconstitutional program. Obama s executive action, known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), has granted around 700,000 illegal aliens with work permits, as well as the ability to receive tax credits and federal entitlement programs. A recent GAO report documented how this illegal amnesty program for alien youth is, in large part, responsible for the illegal alien minor surge on our southern border.In 2013, Paul Ryan said that it is his job as a U.S. lawmaker to put himself in the shoes of  the DREAMer who is waiting  and work to find legislative solutions to his or her problems.(2) Ryan s Omnibus Funds Sanctuary CitiesFive months ago, 32-year-old Kate Steinle was bleeding to death in her father s arms. She was gunned down in broad daylight by a five-time deported criminal alien whose presence in the country was the direct result of San Francisco s refusal to comply with U.S. immigration law yet Paul Ryan s omnibus rewards these lawless Sanctuary Cities with federal grants. Division B Title II of Ryan s omnibus funds various grant programs for the Department of Justice (pages 167, 168, and 169) and contains no language that would restrict the provision of such grants to sanctuary jurisdictions.In a Congressional hearing, Steinle s father demanded Congressional action and recalled his daughter s dying words:  Help me, Dad. (3) Ryan s Omnibus Funds All Refugee ProgramsDespite broad support amongst Republican lawmakers for a proposal introduced by Rep. Brian Babin (R-TX)to halt all refugee resettlement, Ryan s appropriations bill will fund President Obama s refugee resettlement operation and will allow for the admission of tens of thousands of refugees with access to federal benefits. Division H Title II of Ryan s bill contains appropriations of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and contains no language that would restrict the program. Nor are there any restrictions for the program in Division K of Ryan s bill, which provides funding for the Department of State, which oversees refugee admissions.Ryan is not one of the 84 cosponsors of Babin s bill to halt the refugee operation, and he recently told Sean Hannity that he does not support halting resettlement because,  We re a compassionate country. The refugees laws are important laws.  Similarly, this outcome represents a legislative win for Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL), who told Sean Hannity he d  hate to use  Congress s power of the purse to deny funding for Obama s resettlement operation.(4) Ryan s Omnibus Funds All of the Mideast Immigration Programs That Have Been Exploited by Terrorists in Recent YearsAlthough multiple immigrant and visa programs in recent years have been exploited by terrorists (such as the F-1  student  visa, the K-1  fianc e  visa, and our green card and refugee programs), Ryan s proposal does nothing to limit admissions from jihadist-prone regions. As Senators Shelby and Sessions of Alabama noted in a joint statement:  The omnibus would put the U.S. on a path to approve admission for hundreds of thousands of migrants from a broad range of countries with jihadists movements over the next 12 months, on top of all the other autopilot annual immigration. (5) Ryan s Omnibus Funds Illegal Alien ResettlementOn page 917 of Ryan s omnibus a section titled  Refugee and Entrant Assistance  funds the President s resettlement of illegal immigrant border crossers.(6) Ryan s Omnibus Funds the Release of Criminal AliensSenior legislative aides tell Breitbart News that Ryan s bill does not do anything to change the enforcement priorities that Jeh Johnson established a little over a year ago that would shield entire categories of criminal aliens from immigration law, nor does it include language recommended by Sessions and Shelby to  deny the expenditure of funds to issue visas to countries that refuse to repatriate criminal aliens. (7) Ryan s Omnibus Quadruples H-2B Foreign Worker VisasDespite Ryan s pledge not to move an immigration compromise with President Obama, tucked 700 pages into Ryan s spending bill is language that would resuscitate and expand a controversial provision of the Schumer-Rubio Gang of Eight plan to increase the H-2B visa program.The provision  would quadruple the number of H-2B visas for unskilled guest workers, for a total of more than 250,000,  writes immigration attorney Ian Smith. The Americans who fill these jobs are typically  society s most vulnerable   including single women, the disabled, the elderly, minorities, teenagers, students, and first-generation immigrants,  Smith explains.A recent BuzzFeed expos  revealed how this program allows businesses to discriminate against American workers and  deliberately den[y] jobs to American workers so they can hire foreign workers on H-2 visas instead.  As one GOP aide told Breitbart News,  This provision is a knife in the heart of the working class, and African Americans. (8) Ryan s Omnibus Funds Tax Credits for Illegal AliensRyan s bill preserves the expansion of the President s expiring child tax credits without any accompanying language to prevent illegal aliens from receiving those tax credits. While Sen. Sessions attempted to include language in the bill that would prevent illegal immigrants from receiving tax credits, his recommendation was rejected.(9) Ryan s Omnibus Locks-In Huge Spending IncreasesThe bill funds the Obama-Boehner budget deal, which eliminated spending caps, and will increase both defense and non-defense spending next year by $25 billion more each.(10) Ryan s Omnibus Fails to Allocate Funds to Complete the 700-Mile Double-Layer Border Fence That Congress Promised the American PeopleNearly a decade ago with the passage of the 2006 Secure Fence Act, the American people were promised a 700-mile double-layer border fence. However, funding for the fence was later gutted and, as a result, its construction was never completed. Despite heightened media focus over the past six months about Americans  desire for this barrier to illegal entry, Ryan s bill does not require that funds be allocated to finish the construction of the 700-mile double-layer fence.A vote could occur as early as Thursday after midnight, giving lawmakers and the public only one full business day to review the 2,242 page package. The Ryan-Pelosi package represents nothing short of a complete and total betrayal of the American people.Yet Ryan s omnibus serves a second and equally chilling purpose. By locking in the President s refugee, immigration, and spending priorities, Ryan s bill is designed to keep these fights out of Congress by getting them off the table for good. Delivering Obama these wins and pushing these issues beyond the purview of Congress will suppress public attention to the issues and, in so doing, will boost the candidacy of the Republican establishment s preferred presidential contenders, who favor President Obama s immigration agenda.What may prove most discouraging of all to Americans is that recent reports reveal that conservatives in the so-called House Freedom Caucus are praising Ryan even as he permanently locks in these irreversible and anti-American immigration policies. According to Politico, the House Freedom Caucus will  give Ryan a pass  even as he funds disastrous policies that prioritize the interests of foreign nationals and global corporatists above the needs of the American people whom lawmakers are supposed to represent. Via: Breitbart News",0
16912,OBAMA’S COMMUNIST ENVIRONMENTAL ARM Tells Kids How To Reduce Their “Carbon Footprint” This Christmas,"Our children don t need the EPA to tell them how to celebrate Bah Humbug!The Environmental Protection Agency is asking Americans to consider giving gift cards for Christmas presents this year to save the environment.In its tips to  Reduce Waste for Greener Holidays,  the agency instructed readers to think about how much wrapping paper they use. Friends, family, parties, and travel are what make the holiday season great,  the agency said.  You can make it even better by reducing waste as often as possible during your celebrations. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) wants to help make your holidays as green as they can be with these tips for reducing waste and conserving resources,  they said.One tip suggested giving gift cards, often seen as an impersonal present, in order to reduce your carbon footprint. Wrap gifts in recycled or reused paper,  the tip read.  Consider gifts that don t use much wrapping, such as gift cards or concert tickets. Other tips included bringing your own reusable bag for Christmas shopping and buying items  made with minimal packaging and recycled content. For parties, the EPA said to reusable plates, glasses, and silverware, and to  make sure guests know where your recycling bin is. Via: WFB",0
16913,GERMAN COURT RULES “Sharia Police” Patrolling City Streets Did NOT Break Law…INSANE Video Shows Muslim Men Patrolling Streets,"These videos are very disturbing. Americans are headed down this path if we don t fight back against the Left who put political correctness before our national security A German court has ruled that Islamists who patrolled a city s streets as  Sharia police  did not break the law and will not be prosecuted.Here is what a Sharia Patrol looks like:Nine were arrested in September 2014 after patrolling streets in Wuppertal, western Germany. They wore bright orange jackets with the words  Sharia police . They told passers-by not to frequent discos, casinos or bars.The court said they had not violated laws on uniforms and public gatherings.Prosecutors have now lodged an appeal.The group of Salafists   ultra-conservative Islamists   included Sven Lau, a preacher whose passport was seized this year after he visited Syria and a photo surfaced, showing him posing on a tank, with a Kalashnikov rifle slung around his neck. He is suspected of trying to recruit Muslims to join jihadists fighting in Syria or Iraq and has spent some time in prison previously. He said he had gone to war-torn Syria in 2013 on a humanitarian mission.Sharia, the revealed, sacred law of Islam, governs all aspects of a Muslim s life.The group s appearance at night in Wuppertal, in the industrial Ruhr region, triggered sharp criticism in Germany. A film of their  patrol  appeared on YouTube:The action was condemned by the Central Council of Muslims in Germany, who said it was  harmful to Muslims .The group also carried notices proclaiming in English a  Sharia Controlled Zone . The notices spelled out prohibitions like those in force in some Gulf Arab countries, outlawing alcohol, drugs, gambling, music and concerts, pornography and prostitution. Activists in the anti-Islam Pegida movement   campaigning to stop immigration to Germany   demonstrated in Wuppertal last year. They have staged regular marches against  the Islamisation of Germany  nationwide. Via: BBC",0
16914,“Unvetted” Illegals Turn Germany Into A Third-World Trash Heap…Sound Familiar? [Video],"Take Notes America! Germany s Angela Merkel has just promised to dial back on immigration but it s really too late now as you can see in this video from Vlad Tepes: Quantifying the Impact of Border Trash:Apprehensions of individuals by the U.S. Border Patrol as a result of illegal immigration vary every year. Current U.S. Border Patrol statistics indicate that in federal fiscal year 2015, which ended on September 30, approximately 63,400 border crossers were apprehended in the Tucson Sector, which doesn t count the many others who get through. The border crossers leave approximately six to eight pounds of trash in the desert during his or her journey. The cost of disposing of this trash is high for local communities. Landfill fees range from $37 to $49 per ton in Southern Arizona. These fees do not include costs for materials, equipment, labor and transportation for the collection and transfer of the trash to the landfill.",0
16915,"HUGE Spending Agreement Reached: GOP Caves On Sending 10,000 Syrian Refugees","Congress will vote on a new spending bill in just a few days so they d better get crackin  so they can read the 2,009 page bill before they vote on it, right? You can bet that when the vote comes on this bad deal that most of those voting on it have no idea what s in it. It s a typical pork-filled spending bill that throws the American taxpayer under the bus. The Republicans caved on letting Obama send 10,000 Syrian refugees for the taxpayers to support. Republicans are spineless sellouts The new spending deal reached early Wednesday morning spans more than 2,000 pages, spends $1.149 trillion   and lawmakers will have only a few days to digest it all before they re asked to vote on the legislation, which lays out Congress s priorities for the rest of fiscal year 2016.It works out to nearly $572 million per page, with lawmakers splashing money throughout the government, boosting both popular and unpopular programs alike, thanks to a spending hike agreed to in October s budget deal. That means even the IRS, which the GOP had targeted year after year for cuts, will finally see an increase in 2016. Negotiators agreed to a $290 million boost, though the extra money is required to be spent on taxpayer services and fraud detection. It s still $1.7 billion less than President Obama asked for the tax agency.The biggest fights came on policy disputes, where the GOP won a few of its priorities, but caved on far more. The bill allows Mr. Obama to follow through on his plans to resettle 10,000 Syrian refugees in the U.S. this fiscal year, but does give him new powers to require some visitors from Visa Waiver Program countries to face extra scrutiny if they ve been to Iraq or Syria recently. The goal is to try to weed out foreign fighters who may have trained with the Islamic State.Republicans maintained a ban on federal funding of gun control research, turning back an effort by Democratic leaders to force studies in the wake of this year s mass killings.In a slap at former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the bill also prohibits the State Department from spending money to maintain private email accounts. Mrs. Clinton exclusively used an email server kept at her home in New York during her time in office, thwarting open-records requests and spawning the scandal that s ensnared her presidential campaign this year.Leaders of both parties will have to round up the votes to pass the measure this week, and both sides are describing it as a compromise that they can t afford to pass up. This package reflects conservative priorities in both funding and policy   including support for critical areas such as our national defense, halting many harmful regulations, and trimming wasteful spending. But it also represents a compromise that members on both sides of the aisle can and should get behind,  said Rep. Hal Rogers, chairman of the House Appropriations Committee.The bill was released at 2 a.m. Wednesday morning, meaning that if GOP leaders stick to their three-day pledge it shouldn t be voted on in the House until Friday at the earliest.That would still require reading a page every two minutes, continuously over the next couple of days, in order to get through the bill before the vote.Read more: WT",0
16916,DNC Chair Asks Democrat Members Of Congress To “Bring A Muslim” To State Of Union…,"Debbie Wasserman-Schultz didn t ask members of Congress to bring a relative of an American citizen murdered by an illegal alien to the last State Of The Union. She didn t ask them to bring a spouse of a police officer killed as a result of Obama s war on law enforcement. What about asking them to bring a Christian or Jewish family member from the San Bernardino Muslim Terror attack? Do they not qualify as  victims  Deb? It s odd how the Democrats pick and choose who does, and who doesn t qualify as a victim in the United States. Let s just hope no one wears a suicide vest Two senior Democratic lawmakers are asking their colleagues to bring a Muslim-American guest to the State of the Union in protest of Donald Trump s recent proposal to ban Muslims from entering the U.S.In a letter sent to House Democrats on Tuesday, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee, and Rep. Keith Ellison, the first Muslim elected to Congress, said lawmakers should bring Muslim-Americans to the Jan. 12 speech as a way to rebut anti-Muslim rhetoric. Over the past few weeks we have seen a shocking and alarming rise in hateful rhetoric against one particular minority population in our nation,  the pair wrote in an email obtained by POLITICO.  Leading political figures have made offensive and outrageous suggestions that we should create a national registry of all people of one particular faith and that we should prevent any person of that faith from even entering this great country. Donald Trump, the Republican front runner for the presidential nomination, said earlier this month that Muslims should be barred from entering the U.S. because of security concerns. The comments have been widely criticized by politicians across the political spectrum.Via: Politico",0
16917,Bah Humbug! Protest Petition Started After Obama Gave All Government Workers A Christmas Gift,"A petition started by government workers has over 70,000 signatures protesting a Christmas gift from Obama that gave them a half day off on December 26th. It was just not good enough Government employees wanted a full day off this year over the Christmas Holiday. Bah Humbug!President Barack Obama just gave all government employees a surprise holiday present.On Friday, he signed an executive order announcing that employees only have to work a half day.But that was not good enough for many   as a petition was started for them to get the whole day off, as they did on December 26 last year. Obama wrote in his order this year:  The benefits of the executive order include recognizing the dedication of Federal employees serving the public, improving workforce morale, and valuing a family-friendly work environment. Last year federal employees were granted the entire day after Christmas off from work. December 26 fell on a Friday then. As a result, a petition has been started demanding federal employees get the entire day off on Christmas Eve this year, which falls on a Thursday. It would mean for many that they get Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday off, like last year. We feel unappreciated with pay freezes and constant threats of government shutdowns,  reads the petition. It then adds;  Giving federal employees Thursday December 24th off paid, would go a long way in showing that we deserve nothing but the best for our daily contributions in serving the people and would show how much our accomplishments and dedication deserves.  So far more than 70,000 people have signed the petition.Read more: UK Daily Mail ",0
16918,Obama’s Christmas In Hawaii To Cost Taxpayers $3.5 Million For Flight Time Alone,"Judicial Watch has been the one organization that s been reporting on the crazy expensive trips the Obamas have taken since day one. Barack Obama has been savaged by a top spending campaigner for taking the First Family on an eighth consecutive Christmas vacation to Hawaii, at huge expense to the American taxpayer.The President was accused of treating Air Force One, which costs $206,000/hour to run,  like an Uber ride  ahead of his next jaunt to his home state. Fly-time alone will set taxpayers back somewhere in the region of $3.5 million as Obama, the First Lady, Sasha and Malia and their two dogs jet off for around two weeks.They have traditionally rented a luxury villa in the upscale Kailua area on Oahu, the main island, and head out for hikes, rounds of golf and restaurant meals with their friends. Tom Fitton, the head of the Judicial Watch pressure group, said Obama s holiday habit proves that he is out of touch   and has to stop. He told AL.com:  The Obamas  travel is out of control. They are treating the Air Force One like an Uber ride.  And President Obama seems oblivious to the burden he is placing on Americans with his continuous vacations, getaways, and political junkets at taxpayer expense.  During the trips, the Obamas are accompanied by a substantial Secret Service detail, who costs thousands of dollars a day to accommodate in the idyllic vacation spot. Local police also work overtime and an ambulance trails the Presidential party at all times in case of disaster   all of which will push the total further into the millions. Although some expenses   including the rent   are paid for privately, the emergency personnel and daily expenses of Obama s security detail are all publicly-funded. Exact figures for the trip   outside of Air Force One   are hard to obtain. According to a Watchdog.com report on the 2014 trip, there is also an Air Force cargo plane to bring Obama s helicopter and limo, which costs more than $150,000 to get to Hawaii and back. A second plane brings a Marine Corps contingent at similar cost. The Honolulu Police Department also spends in the region of $275,000 a year in overtime for its officers, while the ambulance from the local Emergency Management Services costs $15,890 to keep on call.Secret Service agents   of whom there are said to be  dozens  each year   are reportedly housed at a cost of around $200 per person per night, while material for other security measures would also be met from White House funds. It is not yet clear precisely where the Obamas will stay, though they have traditionally favored somewhere near Kailua. During their year-end trips to the Hawaiian islands the Obamas typically lounge around their rental home, venturing out only on occasion for shaved ice and dinner with their friends. Since 2013, the Obama family have gone on scenic Christmas hikes, tried out snorkeling in Hanauma Bay and dined at the gourmet Alan Wong s Restaurant. President Obama generally spends his time on the golf course or working out at a local Marine Corps base.He and the First Lady usually make a special trip to the base to to wish the troops stationed there a Merry Christmas and to thank them for their service.The Federal Aviation Administration confirmed there are temporary flight restrictions in the area from December 19 to January 4. An islander also told Honolulu TV station KHON2 he had seen Secret Service in the area and had been given a flyer about security in Kailua Bay. The Hawaii trips are not the only examples of extravagance which have been seized on by critics. In March it emerged that the White House dropped at least $1million flying the President and the First Lady to Los Angeles and back on two separate planes inside a single day so they could be on TV. Barack Obama sat down with Jimmy Kimmel to appear on his NBC show, while Michelle grabbed the change to be interviewed by Ellen DeGeneres. Despite the two shows being filmed just miles apart, the White House insisted the journeys were  not in sync  so required separate planes. As well as the Christmas vacation, the Obamas typically take a summer retreat to Martha s Vineyard off the Massachusetts coast, allowing the President to tot up some more hours on the golf course.Read more: UK Daily Mail",0
16919,TREY GOWDY Grills DHS Official On Gun Rights And Due Process [Video],"Trey Gowdy destroys this clueless DHS employee when asking about the due process of getting on the terror watch list. Her response is priceless:  I m sorry, um, there s not a process afforded the citizen prior to getting on the list.  ",0
16920,U.S. Intel Finds And Maps Out ISIS Propaganda/Media Centers But Won’t Target With Airstrikes,"Talk about a flawed strategy! Obama is doing everything he can not to bomb these terrorists so they re growing and rowing..They have propaganda centers in Iraq, Syria and Libya! Yes, Obama wants to study them a little more how crazy is that? In a secret project tied to the overall U.S. campaign against the Islamic State, intelligence officials have spent months mapping out known physical locations of media safe houses where the extremist group s operatives are compiling, editing and curating raw video and print materials into finished digital propaganda products for dissemination across the Internet.Most of the locations are embedded in heavily residential areas in Syria, Iraq and Libya and are not being targeted by U.S. airstrikes because of Obama administration concerns about civilian casualties.The White House also has been pressing the intelligence community to continue studying the facilities for a deeper understanding of how the Islamic State and its media enterprises operate, the sources said.While the White House, CIA and Pentagon declined to comment on the clandestine mapping project, its existence was revealed amid mounting debate over whether the administration s strategy is robust enough for countering the professionalized blitz of digital propaganda that the Islamic State group, also known as ISIS and ISIL, is using to recruit fighters and radicalize supporters around the world.The administration is engaged publicly in a dual-track approach that involves an interagency push to spread carefully crafted messaging online and through local partners in various corners of the world to counter the Islamic State, while ramping up pressure on American social media companies to block extremist content and links from their online platforms.But critics, including a growing number of lawmakers on Capitol Hill and some current and former officials directly involved in the project, say the administration s effort is badly mismanaged and underfunded, allowing the Islamic State to maintain a physical footprint of media production houses upon which creation of the terrorist group s most influential products depends.The propaganda operation s vastness and sophistication are considered unprecedented in Islamic terrorism. Although its penetration across the Internet relies on a seemingly endless spray of links posted by the Islamic State on social media sites, it is the core media products that such links lead back to that analysts describe as most worrisome.Twelve issues of the group s official propaganda magazine Dabiq are now online in several languages, including Arabic, English, Russian, French and Turkish. The shiny content, organizational integrity and layout are more thorough and professional than those of many American newsmagazines.More striking for the visually driven young audience are the dozens of highly curated recruiting videos that Islamic State operatives have produced using elaborate graphic animations, special effects, live-action speed edits and Hollywood-quality voice-overs.Videos that have emerged in recent months are clearly bent on reaching an international audience way beyond the borders of the group s self-proclaimed caliphate in Syria and Iraq. The first Chinese-language Islamic State video appeared online last week, replete with a theme song calling on Muslims to  wake up  from a century of humiliation.The most recent English-language video circulated roughly a month ago. Not only did it go to staggering lengths to mock the U.S. military s failure to contain the Islamic State, but a sober-voiced narrator also went so far as to taunt America over the sensitive issue of suicide rates among U.S. soldiers and veterans. You claim to have the greatest army history has known. You may have the numbers and weapons, but your soldiers lack good will and resolve,  the deep voice says in unaccented English.  Still scared from their defeats in Afghanistan and Iraq, they return dead or suicidal, with over 6,500 of them killing themselves each year. So while you go around cooking the facts on the results of your military airstrikes, we continue to haunt the minds of your soldiers and sew fear into their hearts. Animation-enhanced blood bursts and sprays across a white background in the video as gunshots ring out   a macabre display apparently designed to depict the suicides of American service members.What is unclear is specifically where the video was edited. Intelligence officials say the final cut could have been produced and uploaded to an Internet host site by Islamic State admirers anywhere in the world. There are a number of ISIL supporters online that help disseminate propaganda or craft their own,  said one U.S. intelligence official, who spoke anonymously with The Times.Read more: WT",0
16921,"BREAKING: VIDEO RELEASED Of Angry Leftist Mob Attacking Home Of Chicago Lawmaker With Rocks, Torches","If this had been a Tea Party group attacking Nancy Pelosi s home, it would have been international news Angry leftists with rocks, wood chunks and torches attacked a Chicago alderman s home this weekend. Once you start throwing objects, that crosses the line,  he said. He said there wasn t any major damage to the home, just debris near the windows and objects on the sidewalk.Alderman Cardenas provided a video of the attack to authorities:Three people landed behind bars Saturday night after mobbing a home owned by Ald. George Cardenas (12th) with rocks, pieces of wood and tiki torches, according to the alderman and police.The mob of more than 50 people was protesting police violence in the city, said Cardenas, who provided DNAinfo Chicago with a video clip shot outside the home, where his ex-wife, two daughters and his mother live.Police eventually arrested three protesters in the 2100 block of South Marshall.Efrain Montalvo, 23, of the 2600 block of West 22nd Place; Javier Ramos, a 29-year-old Des Plaines resident; and Billie Kincaid, a 25-year-old woman from the 1500 block of West Lunt Avenue, each stand charged with one misdemeanor count of mob action.Cardenas had been eating dinner with a friend across town when the mob rolled down 26th Street in Little Village and ended up in front of his house. Via: Gateway Pundit",0
16922,"WHEN A GOVERNMENT PUTS IMMIGRANTS BEFORE CITIZENS: Swedish Citizens Have No Place To Live, No Jobs, Need To Carry Guns Everywhere They Go","Barack Obama and the Democrat party would like us to go the way of the Swedes. Do Americans have the fortitude to fight back against a government hell-bent on putting political correctness before national security?The Swedes see the welfare systems failing them. Swedes have had to get used to the government prioritizing refugees and migrants above native Swedes. There are no apartments, no jobs, we don t dare go shopping anymore [without a gun], but we re supposed to think everything s great.   Women and girls are raped by these non-European men, who come here claiming they are unaccompanied children, even though they are grown men.   You Cabinet Ministers live in your fancy residential neighborhoods, with only Swedish neighbors. It should be obligatory for all politicians to live for at least three months in an area consisting mostly of immigrants  [and] have to use public transport.    Laila, to the Prime Minister. Instead of torchlight processions against racism, we need a Prime Minister who speaks out against the violence  Unite everyone.   Do not make it a racism thing.    Anders, to the Prime Minister. In all honesty, I don t even feel they [government ministers] see the problems  There is no one in those meetings who can tell them what real life looks like.    Laila, on the response she received from the government.The recent double murder at IKEA in V ster s, where a man from Eritrea who had been denied asylum grabbed some knives and stabbed Carola and Emil Herlin to death, letters and emails poured into the offices of Swedish Prime Minister (PM) Stefan L fven. Angry, despondent and desperate Swedes have pled with the Social Democratic PM to stop filling the country with criminal migrants from the Third World or, they write, there is a serious risk of hatred running rampant in Sweden. One woman suggested that because the Swedish media will not address these issues, L fven should start reading foreign newspapers, and wake up to the fact that Sweden is sinking fast.During the last few decades, Swedes have had to get used to the government (left and right wing parties alike) prioritizing refugees and migrants above native Swedes. The high tax level (the average worker pays 42% income tax) was been accepted in the past, because people knew that if they got sick, or when they retired or otherwise needed government aid, they would get it.Now, Swedes see the welfare system failing them. More and more senior citizens fall into the  indigent  category; close to 800,000 of Sweden s 2.1 million retirees, despite having worked their whole lives, are forced to live on between 4,500 and 5,500 kronor ($545   $665) a month. Meanwhile, seniors who immigrate to Sweden receive the so-called  elderly support subsidy    usually a higher amount   even though they have never paid any taxes in Sweden.Worse, in 2013 the government decided that people staying in the country illegally have a right to virtually free health and dental care. So while the destitute Swedish senior citizen must choose between paying 100,000 kronor ($12,000) to get new teeth or living toothless, a person who does not even have the right to stay in Sweden can get his teeth fixed for 50 kronor ($6).The injustice, the housing shortage, the chaos surrounding refugee housing units and the sharp slide of Swedish students in PISA tests   all these changes have caused the Swedes to become disillusioned. The last straw was that Prime Minister L fven had nothing to say about the murders at IKEA.Gatestone Institute contacted to the Swedish government, to obtain emails sent to the Prime Minister concerning the IKEA murders. According to the  principle of public access to official documents,  all Swedes have the right to study public documents kept by authorities   with no questions asked about one s identity or purpose. The government, however, was clearly less than enthusiastic about sharing the emails: It took a full month of reminders and phone calls before they complied with the request.What follows are excerpts from emails sent from private citizens to Prime Minister Stefan L fven:From Mattias, a social worker and father of four,  a dad who wants my kids to grow up in Sweden the way I had the good fortune of doing, without explosions, hand grenades, car fires, violence, rape and murder at IKEA : Hi Stefan. I am a 43-year-old father of four, who is trying to explain to my children, ages 6-16, what is going on in Sweden. I am sad to say that you and your party close your eyes to what is happening in Sweden. All the things that are happening [are] due to the unchecked influx from abroad. You are creating a hidden hatred in Sweden. We are dissatisfied with the way immigration is handled in Sweden, from asylum housing to school issues. And it takes so long to get a job, many people give up before they even get close. Mattias Marcus, 21, wrote: Hi Stefan, I am one of the people who voted for you. I live in Helsingborg, still with my parents because there are no apartments available. I can see where I live that as soon as an old person moves out, eight foreigners immediately move in: they just bypass us young, Swedish people in line. With all that is going on in Sweden   rapes, robberies, the IKEA murders and so on   why aren t non-Swedes sent back to their countries when they commit crimes? Of course we should help refugees, but they should be the right kind of refugees.   I m sorry to say this, Stefan, but the Sweden Democrats should be allowed to rule for four years and remove the people who do not abide by the laws, and who murder or destroy young women s lives. It is horrible, I have a job that pays poorly because there are no jobs. Sweden has more people than jobs. Peter wrote: Esteemed Prime Minister. I am writing to you because I am very worried about the development in Swedish society. I am met daily by news of shootings, exploding hand grenades/bombs, beatings, rapes and murders. This is our Sweden, the country that, when you and I grew up, was considered one of the safest in the world. You, in your role as Prime Minister, have a responsibility to protect everyone in the land, regardless of whether they were born here or not. Unfortunately, I can see that you are not taking your responsibility seriously. I follow the news daily, and despite our now having suffered another act of madness, this time against a mother and son at IKEA, I do not see any commitment from you?  You should emphatically condemn the violent developments we see in this country, allocate resources to the police, customs and district attorneys to slow and fight back (not just build levees and overlook) criminal activity. Sebastian wrote: Hi Stefan! After reading about the horrible deed at IKEA in V ster s, I am now wondering what you are going to do to make me feel safe going to stores and on the streets of Sweden. What changes will there be to make sure this never happens again? Will immigration really continue the same way?  Benny wrote: Hi, I m wondering, why is the government quiet about such an awful incident? The whole summer has been characterized by extreme violence, shootings, knifings and explosions. The government needs to take vigorous action so we can feel safe.  Laila s subject line reads:  Is it supposed to be like this? Are we supposed to go outside without arming ourselves? Rape after rape occurs and no one is doing anything about it. I was born and raised in V rby G rd, but seven years ago, we had to move because we couldn t take the dogs out in the evenings due to the non-Europeans driving on the sidewalks. If you didn t move out of the way, they would jump out of the car and hit you. If you called the police, they do nothing   in a suburb of Stockholm. When my brother told some of these men off, a rocket (the kind you use at New Year s) appeared in his mailbox. You can imagine how loud the blast was. Women and girls are raped by these non-European men, who come here claiming they are unaccompanied children, even though they are grown men . It is easy to get weapons today, I wonder if that is what we Swedes need to do, arm ourselves to dare to go shopping. Well, now I am getting to what happened at a major department store: Two people were killed and not just killed, there is talk online of beheading. The Prime Minister will not say a word, but resources are allocated to asylum housings, a slap in the face for the relatives who just had two of their kin slain. Swedish newspapers will not say a word, but fortunately, there are foreign newspapers that tell the truth. We Swedes can t change apartments, we live five people in three bedrooms. Two of us are unemployed, looking, looking and looking for work. The only option is employment agencies. I m 50 years old, on part-time sick leave because of two chronic illnesses, I cannot run around from one place to another. But more and more asylum seekers keep coming in. There are no apartments, no jobs, we don t dare go shopping anymore, but we re supposed to think everything s great. Unfortunately, I believe the Prime Minister needs to start reading foreign newspaper to find out that Sweden is going under. I found out that the mass immigration costs billions every year, and the only thing the immigrants do is smoke waterpipes in places like V rby G rd. This is happening in other places too, of course. Now it s starting to spread; you will see that in the opinion polls, next time they are published. Soon, all Swedes will vote for the Sweden Democrats. They are getting more and more supporters every day. You Cabinet Ministers do not live in the exposed areas, you live in your fancy residential neighborhoods, with only Swedish neighbors. It should be obligatory for all politicians to live for at least three months in an area consisting mostly of immigrants, the car should be taken from you so you d have to use public transport.   After three months, you would see my point. I am scared stiff of what is happening in this country. What will the government do about this? Anders wrote: Hi Stefan, why don t you, as our Prime Minister, react more against all the violence that is escalating in our country? [Such as] the double murder at IKEA in V ster s. Add to that the bombings and other things happening in Malm . Instead of torchlight processions against racism, we need a Prime Minister who speaks out against the violence, who says that it s wrong no matter which ethnic group is behind it or at the receiving end of it. Because all the people living in Sweden are Swedish, right? A torchlight procession against racism only highlights the fact that it s immigrants committing these crimes. What we need now is a clear signal from our popularly elected [officials] that violence needs to stop now. Sweden is supposed to be a haven away from violence. I m asking you as our Prime Minister, take a stand against the violence. Unite everyone in Sweden into one group and do not make it a racism thing. Some of the people received a reply from Carl-Johan Friman, of the Government Offices Communications Unit; others have not received any reply at all. A typical response goes: Thank you for your email to Prime Minister Stefan L fven. I ve been asked to reply and confirm that your email has reached the Prime Minister s Office and is now available for the Prime Minister and his staff. It is of course not acceptable that people should be exposed to violence and criminal activities in their everyday life. Many efforts are made to counteract violence, and quite correctly, this needs to be done without pitting groups against each other. Thank you for taking the time to write and share your views, they are important in shaping government policies.  Via: Zero Hedge ",0
16923,HISPANIC ACTIVISTS Promise To Punish Donald Trump At The Polls,"Did you know that a record number of illegals crossed our border last month? While we re focusing on the Syrian refugee influx, our southern border is wide open. Donald Trump has said that he wants to stop the invasion of illegals with a wall which is what our government promised they would do in 2006. Now we have immigrant rights activists promising to throw the 2016 election because Trump wants to put an end to open borders. George Soros and his Open Society are behind this effort. Wasn t this Obama s plan all along?Immigrant rights activists have vowed to sign up 1 million immigrants   mostly Mexicans   for citizenship and then quickly register them to vote in time to punish Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans at the polls in November for their harsh rhetoric.The advocates say the new voters could make a difference in the presidential race, where most of the Republican field has tacked to the right in word and policy, and in key Senate races in Illinois and Florida, where Republicans will be reaching to hang on to critical seats.With nearly 9 million legal immigrants already eligible to become citizens, the 1 million goal is not far-fetched. The activists say they are counting on energizing another 2 million Hispanic citizens who have turned 18 since 2012 and who they believe will turn out to vote to defend fellow Dreamers, or young illegal immigrants, against Republican calls for their deportation. This is a huge amount of latent power,  said Joshua Hoyt, executive director of the National Partnership for New Americans, the group he and other leaders announced Thursday at the National Press Club.The effort is funded in part by the Open Society Foundation, the project of liberal billionaire George Soros.Hispanic leaders insist they are ready to flex political muscles commensurate with their size as the second-largest racial or ethnic group in the country behind whites.Via: WT",0
16924,JUDGE JEANINE HAMMERS OBAMA: “There’s a hero in Washington and you need to let him do his job!” [Video],"Jim Comey gets a 10 year tenure as FBI director so Obama can t touch him. He s a 6  8  dynamo who s single-handedly trying to be the voice of truth in a sea of liars and crooks. Judge Jeanine tells Obama in her Opening Statement last night to,  Let him do his job!  ",0
16925,THE WOMAN WHO Moved Freedom Loving Americans To Tears With Her Passionate IRS Testimony Is Now Asking For Our Help,"MARCH 1st is the day! VOTE FOR BECKY GERRITSON FOR US CONGRESS IN ALABAMA S 2ND DISTRICT!WE LOVE THIS WOMAN! Becky Gerritson embodies everything that makes America so special and unique. She is a  limited government conservative  who is passionate about preserving and protecting the United States of America and everything we, as a nation stand for. She is a military wife and a brave warrior, who is ready to march to Washington DC and shake things up. Becky is running for US Rep. in Alabama s 2nd District. She is up against a RINO incumbent who, has voted to continue support for Obama s reckless Refugee program. Sending Representatives like Becky to DC, who are unafraid to confront an overreaching and out of control government should be a 1st priority for every freedom loving American.Becky moved out of her comfort zone, and into the national spotlight where she bravely faced Congress while staring down the punitive director of the IRS. In her powerful, passionate (and now famous) speech, she demanded the IRS was held accountable for the Stalinist tactics that were used against her, as they attempted silence her conservative views that were in stark contrast to Barack Obama.We are committed to helping Becky Gerritson defeat her RINO incumbent in Alabama.Becky Gerritson is up against an establishment Republican (RINO) in the primary election in Alabama who voted to continue support for a reckless refugee program.  Establishment Republicans are now facing serious primary challenges, such as incumbent establishment Republican Martha Roby in Alabama-2, who is being challenged by Becky Gerritson. Roby is trying desperately to run away from the Syrian refugee jihadi threat because she repeatedly voted to fund it.Conservative congressional challenger Becky Gerritson has just issued a stinging challenge on the issue of Muslim immigration to her incumbent establishment Republican opponent Rep. Martha Roby (AL-2). I promise to fight President Obama s open arms policy and oppose all legislation that invites danger into the lives of the men, women, and children of this great nation,  Gerritson stated in a pledge to Alabama voters.  In essence, this is Obama s Islamic Importation Plan; and we cannot risk adopting his strategy that fails to screen against importing terrorists into this country. And by giving Obama a blank check in the budget and spending bills that could have stopped the Syrian  refugee  madness Republicans own the Syrian refugee jihadi infiltration problem.Tea Partier, conservative, patriot, wife, mother, Christian- These are some of the words that describe Becky Gerritson, the grassroots activist who was thrown into the national spotlight during the illegal IRS probing of conservative and libertarian interest groups several years ago. During a passionate speech in front of an audience of a congressional sub committee, in which she testified on behalf of her organization- the Wetumpka TEA Party, Becky s words went viral instantly, and began to inspire and encourage activists across the country to hold their government more accountable for it s actions.In October of this year, Gerritson made the decision to shift from grassroots conservative activist, to instead take on the GOP establishment head-on by challenging current Congresswomen Martha Roby (R-AL, 2nd District) to a primary, in order to receive the Republican nomination in time for the 2016 election. Here are some questions Becky was able discuss with me in order to give voters, and Americans across the country, a better look at her candidacy, and what her campaign s presence means to the current state of the Republican Party and establishment politics as a whole:Brownell: Why have you decided now is the best time to run for office? Why congress and not a state level position?Becky: I ve never wanted to run for political office before, and I had always pushed back when others urged me to do so. However, after years of fighting for a restoration of the America I grew up in, I grew tired of seeing my representative fail to share my commitment. Our country is in desperate need of bold, courageous citizen leaders who will step forward to fight for principle. After much prayer, I knew I had to answer the call.Brownell: With the general dissatisfaction with the GOP, even with John Boehner gone, why did you decide to run as a Republican and not an Independent?Becky: I ll be the first to admit that there are many times in which I find myself frustrated with my Party. However, I believe that there is strategic significance to trying to save the Republican Party from within. In Congress, I won t go with what Party leadership over principle. I will, however, use whatever influence I have to return my Party back to conservatism.Brownell: What are some of the biggest concerns you hear from voters in you re district?Becky: Voters are concerned about the future. They see a President and an unelected Supreme Court ruling, not governing. They see their rights taken away. They see a debt rising that threatens the security and economic stability of this country. And, what s worse, many feel helpless. They vote, and then they see nothing change. I m running to be the kind of leader that the voters can know and trust will actually stand up and fight the status quo to change the direction of this country.Brownell: On your website s issues page you have a section discussing your views on the 10th Amendment- do you think that the states have the right to nullify executive orders and acts of congress?Becky: You know, I think every branch of government needs to start exercising its constitutional authority. We need to reign in the Judicial and Executive branches, and the best way to do that is by the Legislative branch and the states reasserting themselves and say  no, Mr. President  or  no, Supreme Court, we are drawing the line here, and you cannot cross.  The 10th Amendment has been totally thrown out, and we need more states standing strong in opposition to unconstitutional actions by the federal government.Brownell: As a military wife currently living in a part of Alabama with a large veterans community, do you think the VA needs to be reformed from within, or privatized?Becky: It needs to be completely overhauled, and I think all options need to be on the table. My opponent is pushing to put the solution in the hands of the same VA bureaucracy that got us in this mess. Top-down, bottom- up this system must be overhauled, every job and individual evaluated, and the very manner of doing things analyzed to make sure our veterans never have to deal with an incompetent VA again.Brownell: What is your view of possible boots on the ground in Syria?Becky: Under this president, I absolutely oppose that idea. Under a Republican president, I m still skeptical. The case needs to be made first what our interests are in getting involved. Secondly, a clear strategy for winning- not just the moment, but the long-term future of the region- must be presented. I don t know that those two criteria will ever be met. I believe very strongly in American exceptionalism and leadership in the world. I also believe that we should be very hesitant to send our soldiers into a quagmire. A very strong case would need to be made for this course of action, and I m not sure that case exists.PLEASE click HERE to see where Becky Gerritson stands on issues that affect our entire nation. ",0
16926,WTH! Feds Still Bringing In Thousands Of Illegals [Video],"While you were distracted by the Syrian refugee crisis, the illegals are STILL flooding our southern border! Why are we still doing this? The number of illegal alien  kids  has doubled:A total of 10,588 unaccompanied children crossed the U.S.-Mexico border in October and November, more than double the 5,129 who crossed during the same two months last year, according to the U.S. Border Patrol. The number of family members crossing together has nearly tripled, to 12,505.The American government is expecting the taxpayers to pay for this! STOP the madness and stop bringing these people here! Do these look like kids to you?!  The first of nearly 700 refugee children fleeing gang violence in Central America arrived at an Assembly of God church camp in North Texas Friday afternoon. Ellis County Sheriff Johnny Brown said approximately 50 children arrived on the first two buses and that no others are expected to arrive Friday. The remainder of the kids are expected to continue arriving at the camp in the coming weeks.Originally 500 children were expected to arrive at the camp, but Friday afternoon that number was increased to 700. The camp had 240 staffers on hand Friday afternoon, but could ultimately have as many as 400. The children are between the ages of 12 and 18 and are expected to stay at the camp for 21 days. Afterward, some will be sent to live with family in the United States while others will be deported and returned to their home country or moved to housing facilities on military bases.Another 300 children are expected to be housed at a church camp at Sabine Creek Ranch.Lakeview s executive director, Jaroy Carpenter, announced that a team of 200 adults are ready to work with new arrivals at the camp.  While here, these students will experience recreation, education, church services, and other typical camp programming,  Carpenter said in a letter on the camp s website.  It is an absolute privilege that we have the facility, infrastructure, and support to coordinate such an opportunity in service to displaced children.   Increasing gang violence is pushing people out of Central America, said Maureen Meyer, a senior associate for Mexico and migrant rights at the Washington Office on Latin America.  We need to look at this as much more a refugee situation,  she said. Migrating through Mexico and across the U.S. border is very dangerous, but  the level of desperation  in their home countries is making families decide it s worth the risk, she said.The arrival of the children has sparked intense debate pitting those who are in favor of supporting those seeking shelter or refugee status and those who believe those crossing the border, even children, could pose a security threat.During another surge of children crossing the border last year, Dallas County Commissioner Clay Jenkins offered to shelter 2,000 migrants. But in the end, nobody came. A total of 10,588 unaccompanied children crossed the U.S.-Mexico border in October and November, more than double the 5,129 who crossed during the same two months last year, according to the U.S. Border Patrol. The number of family members crossing together has nearly tripled, to 12,505.U.S. Rep. Joe Barton, who represents Ellis County, told NBC 5 Friday that he tried to stop the transfer of minors to his district. He was not able to and now plans to visit the camp Monday. Barton is frustrated he just found out Tuesday but says the law does not require notice. He thinks the law should be changed.The congressman also said that it should be tougher for a minor to get a hearing when he or she crosses the border.  We want to be a welcoming nation, but we don t want to be an open door, where if somebody just decides to come to America they can come through almost unimpeded,  said Barton.Via: nbcdfw",0
16927,"Why Is Obama Incarcerating Christian Refugees In U.S., Then Sending Them Back To Be Slaughtered?","Why should a nation founded on Christianity need to even ask that question?Why are Christian minorities, who are the most to suffer from the chaos engulfing the Middle East, the least wanted in the United States?To the Obama administration, the only  real  refugees are those made so due to the actions of Bashar Assad. As for those who are being raped, slaughtered, and enslaved based on their religious identity by so-called  rebel  forces fighting Assad   including the Islamic State   their status as refugees is evidently considered dubious at best.The Obama administration never seems to miss an opportunity to display its bias for Muslims against Christians. The State Dept. is in the habit of inviting scores of Muslim representatives but denying visas to solitary Christian representatives. While habitually ignoring the slaughter of Christians at hands of Boko Haram, the administration called for the  human rights  of the jihadi murderers.In Islamic usage, the  cause of Allah  is synonymous with jihad to empower and enforce Allah s laws on earth, or Sharia. In this context, immigrating into Western lands is a win-win for Muslims: if they die in the process somehow, paradise is theirs; if they do not, the  locations and abundance  of the West are theirs.Muslims all around the U.S. are supporting the Islamic State and Muslim clerics are relying on the refugee influx to conquer Western nations, in the Islamic tradition of Hijrah, or jihad by emigration.The fate of those Iraqi Christians who had fled from the Islamic State only to be incarcerated in the United States has finally been decided by the Obama administration: they are to be thrown back to the lions, where they will likely be persecuted, if not slaughtered, like so many Iraqi Christians before them.Fifteen of the 27 Iraqi Christians that have been held at a detention center in Otay Mesa, California, for approximately six months, are set to be deported in the coming weeks. Some have already been deported and others are being charged with immigration fraud.Many of the Iraqi Christian community in San Diego   including U.S. citizen family members vouching for the refugees   had hopes that they would eventually be released. Mark Arabo, a spokesman for the Chaldean community, had argued that  They ve escaped hell. Let s allow them to reunite with their families.  One of the detained women had begged to see her ailing mother before she died. The mother died before they could reunite, and now the daughter is to be deported, possibly back to the hell of the Islamic State.Why are Christian minorities, who are the most to suffer from the chaos engulfing the Middle East, the least wanted in the United States?The answer is that the Obama administration defines refugees as people  persecuted by their government.  In other words, the only  real  refugees are those made so due to the actions of Syrian President Bashar Assad. As for those who are being raped, slaughtered, and enslaved based on their religious identity by so-called  rebel  forces fighting Assad   including the Islamic State   their status as refugees is evidently considered dubious at best.As Abraham H. Miller argues in  No room in America for Christian refugees : What difference does it make which army imperils the lives of innocent Christians? Christians are still be[ing] slaughtered for being Christian, and their government is incapable of protecting them. Does some group have to come along   as Jewish groups did during the Holocaust   and sardonically guarantee that these are real human beings? The Obama administration never seems to miss an opportunity to display its bias for Muslims against Christians.The U.S. State Dept. is in the habit of inviting scores of Muslim representatives but denying visas to solitary Christian representatives. While habitually ignoring the slaughter of Christians at hands of Boko Haram, the administration called for the  human rights  of the jihadi murderers. And when persecuted Egyptian Copts planned on joining the anti-Muslim Brotherhood revolution, Obama said no. Then there is the situation that every Arab nation the Obama administration has meddled in   for example, Libya and Syria   has seen a dramatic nosedive in the human rights of Christian minorities.The Obama administration s bias is evident even regarding the Iraqi Christians  illegal crossing of the U.S.-Mexico border, the occasion on which they were arrested.WND correctly observes:  At the same time the Obama administration [is] deporting Christians, it has over the years allowed in hundreds of Muslim migrants from Africa and the Middle East who crossed the Southern border the same way the Chaldeans did. Meanwhile, as the Obama administration nitpicks at the definition of refugee and uses it against severely persecuted Christian minorities, it turns out that four out of five migrants   or 80 percent   are not even from Syria.And while Christian minorities pose little threat to the United States   indeed, they actually bring benefits to U.S. security   Muslims all around the U.S. are supporting the Islamic State and Muslim clerics are relying on the refugee influx to conquer Western nations, in the Islamic tradition of Hijrah, or jihad by emigration. As Koran 4:100 puts it:And whoever emigrates for the cause of Allah will find on the earth many locations and abundance. And whoever leaves his home as an emigrant to Allah and His Messenger and then death overtakes him   his reward has already become incumbent upon Allah.In Islamic usage, the  cause of Allah  is synonymous with jihad to empower and enforce Allah s laws on earth, or Sharia. In this context, immigrating into Western lands is a win-win for Muslims: if they die in the process somehow, paradise is theirs; if they do not, the  locations and abundance  of the West are theirs.All the while, the Obama administration is turning away Christian refugees fleeing the same hostile Muslim forces as Muslims   who are being welcomed into America and Europe.Via: Gatestone Institute",0
16928,OBAMA AND VALERIE JARRETT Finalize Executive Action Gun Control Proposal,"It s almost as though we don t even have a Constitution Never let a crisis go to waste President Barack Obama s advisers are finalizing a proposal that would expand background checks on gun sales without congressional approval.White House adviser Valerie Jarrett says the president has asked his team to complete a proposal and submit it for his review  in short order.  She says the recommendations will include measures to expand background checks.Jarrett spoke Wednesday night at a vigil for the victims of the Newtown shooting, according to a summary provided by the White House.After the mass shooting in Roseburg, Oregon, Obama said his team was looking for ways to tighten gun laws without a vote in Congress. White House officials have said they re exploring closing the so-called  gun show loophole  that anti-gun advocates claim allows people to buy weapons at gun shows and online without a background check.The move comes following the deadly terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California, that left 14 people dead. All of the guns used in the massacre were purchased legally. Opponents of new gun control regulations have argued that the proposals being pushed by Obama would not have prevented the tragedy or recent mass shootings. Via: The Blaze",0
16929,NEW ORLEANS: Protesters Clash Over Confederate Monuments [VIDEO],"The woman in the picture above, Arlene Barnum, of Oklahoma, understands that the preservation of our history and culture is essential. She is pictured in front of city hall in new Orleans holding a Confederate flag. Brave lady! Her group is called Confederate Veterans Lives Matter Love it!City Hall became the scene of competing opinions over the removal of prominent Confederate monuments along some of New Orleans  busiest thoroughfares. The City Council set aside time to let the public voice feelings over a proposal to remove four monuments linked to Confederate history. Impassioned residents heckled each other and at least one man made an inappropriate gesture that got him escorted out of City Hall during a heated debate Thursday over whether city officials should remove prominent Confederate monuments from some of New Orleans  busiest thoroughfares. WHO S PAYING THE BLACK LIVES MATTER PROTESTERS? // <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>More from black lives matterPosted by Andrew Black Rebel Duncomb on Thursday, 10 December 2015Those arguing before the City Council to keep the monuments included preservationists who valued them as pieces of history and military veterans who said they were a way to honor American soldiers. Those opposed included pastors who called them symbols of racism and African-Americans who called them offensive. Opinions often appeared to divide along racial lines.Before the meeting, a handful of people held Confederate flags in support of the statues while a larger group gathered next to them and held signs demanding removal.The monuments in question include imposing statues of Robert E. Lee and P.G.T. Beauregard, Confederate generals, and a dedication to Jefferson Davis, the Confederate president.The council has scheduled a vote on the removal plan for next week.Read more: Miami Herald",0
16930,Wounded Vet’s Mom Forced To Sell Rare Handwritten Letter From Obama Promising To Care For Son…To Pay For His Medical Costs [VIDEO],"It just doesn t get any worse than this. The idea that we aren t giving our veterans the best health care available is beyond the pale A wounded Veteran and single father of three suffered burns when he bravely crawled back into a truck fire to save two soldiers who eventually died.The Veteran s mother is now selling a letter she received from President Obama to help pay for his healthcare costs. David McKimmey is likely to lose his leg, the Washington Examiner reported.https://youtu.be/yJrEOFeZIjcThe letter from Obama written in 2009 promised the family of veteran David McKimmey to do  everything we can over the next four years to support your family. McKimmey was awarded the Bronze Star with Valor for his heroic acts. The letter will go up for auction, the family says. Via: 911",0
16931,"BRITISH TV PERSONALITY: Don’t Blame Trump For Muslim Ban Comments , He Speaks For The Masses…Who Can Blame Americans For Not Wanting To End Up Like UK? [VIDEO]"," He [Obama] makes me want to wrap a suicide vest around my head and text BOOM to my brain On the Brit s desire to be politically correct about Muslims invasion of UK: You are too busy gazing at the fluff in your navel to see the gangrene in your foot Trump is terrifying. We have seen the future and it is bleak  said one reporter.In turn, thousands are busy clicking on a hideously impotent petition to  BAN TRUMP FROM GREAT BRITAIN .What exactly are they achieving? Having their say? Joining in the outrage bus?No doubt petition sites like change.org are on their web favourites, right up there with erectile dysfunction.co.uk. and single.com.They may as well calm down. We are not banning Donald from the UK.And even if Trump were elected President, he wouldn t be able to ban Muslims from his shores   even if he wanted to.Ask yourself: how could he possibly make it work?America struggles to control its southern border as it is. It is not going to be able to change the global passport system and get your religion stamped on your passport or your head to establish your faith.What s the Christianity test going to be? Snurfling a hot dog whilst singing  Give me joy in my heart, keep me praising ? After a Muslim couple gunned down 14 residents of San Bernardino, California, Americans looked for strong leadership. Just like after 9/11 when Bush made like a dog of war and took the fight to the terrorists.They didn t get from dreary Obama. He makes me want to wrap a suicide vest around my head and text BOOM to my brainDon't demonise Trump. He speaks for millions of Americans.And who can blame them for not wanting to end up like us?https://t.co/5SaKwd02Hu  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) December 9, 2015It took the President a couple of days to even admit the attack was terror and when he did finally address a nervous nation on Sunday night his tone-deaf message was that Muslims were their  friends, neighbours and sports heroes. In contrast, Trump IS providing leadership. He knows some of his grand-standing is hot air. But he is articulating a sentiment held by millions and reinforcing himself as a protector of the American people.It s the reason Trump is the Republican front runner. He has spent just $330,000 on broadcasting to Jeb Bush s $42.5 million  which is indicative of how much America is enthralled by this new voice.I hear cries that he is a blithering idiot. I have often been called a deranged fool. But if this were true you could ignore me, ignore us, imaging the two of us shouting naked at the rain.It s because we articulate sentiments repressed by the politically correct consensus that we have a voice.Trump said:  We have places in London so radicalised that police are afraid for their lives. Within moments the Met Police, Prime Minister David Cameron, and the clownish Mayor of London, Boris Johnson, jumped to defend the reputation of the UK and distance themselves from this glaring truth.Yet, at the time of writing, no less than five bobbies on the beat have come forward to confirm that there ARE estates where they will only patrol out of uniform.There is fear among the police AND the public.I work with a team of cameramen in town who text their wives and partners on the hour to confirm they are safe.My family is not keen for me to be in the capital.Some friends will no longer come to London.How do you feel about the security of the city s shopping centres right now, after what happened in Paris?I watch the BBC news, our national broadcaster, ramming home messages of inclusiveness.Today they gave platform to a representative of the Muslim community telling Trump he is an Islamophobe and is not welcome here.But that s not my voice. That is not the voice of a nation. All Brits don t think that way.Being force-fed multi-culturalism brought us to this place. When the only permitted message is acceptance, any views to the contrary result in a label to shame you into silence.Racist! Islamophobe! Nazi!Don t just stick a label it. Be curious. Wonder, how has Trump come to articulate the views of a majority of Republicans across the States?Because I don t buy into the clear divide between extremist Muslims and peaceful ones. I don t see these as two separate entities. It is a sliding scale, a spectrum. From utterly peaceful, to ambivalence to sympathising, to extremist, to a man blowing up buses in Woburn Place.It is the same slippery slope which sees regular mosque attendees from Luton slip off to Syria to join ISIS. And suddenly a tight knit Muslim community knows nothing.Not the local imam, not local families, no one. No one denouncing terrorism. Just a wall of silence. In our country.Hate hidden behind walls we are told to accept and tolerate because we are multi-cultural. Repeat after me. Multi-cultural.History teaches us lessons were refuse to learn.The IRA would not have enjoyed decades of success without many among the Northern Irish Catholic population acting just the same way as the imams and family and friends of extremists in Luton today.We have gone too far and lost control of vast swathes of our country. In part we ARE a radicalised nation and it does nobody any favours to deny the obvious.Trump wants to call a temporary halt to Muslim immigration until America figures out what is going on.Adversaries may be quick to jump on Trump and make him the problem.But look around. You are too busy gazing at the fluff in your navel to see the gangrene in your foot.You lost sight of terrifying.It isn t a big, brash American untroubled by the need to be loved. It is the march of ISIS and the so-called Islamic State.You may want to distance yourself from Trump. You may want to carry on navel gazing.But for many Americans, Europe is rapidly becoming an example of everything they never want to be. Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
16932,"NUMBER OF REFUGEES Welcomed To U.S. Since Paris Terror Attack: One Christian, 236 Muslims","Even more shocking than the number of Muslim refugees vs. Christian refugees being transplanted to the U.S., is the fact that Catholic and Lutheran charities are the top two organizations benefitting from this billion dollar business.  Of the 237 Syrian refugees admitted to the U.S. since the attacks in Paris just one has been a Christian. The rest have been Muslims.CNS News reports that according to data from the State Department Refugee Processing Center, since the November 13 attacks the U.S. has admitted 236 Sunni Muslim refugees from Syria and a single Christian   a Greek Orthodox refugee.While 0.4 percent of the refugees admitted to the U.S. since the attacks have been Christian, CNS News highlights that when the Syrian civil war started in Spring 2011, 10 percent of the Syrian population was Christian and 74 percent were Sunni Muslims, according to the CIA World Factbook.Despite the security concerns voiced by Republican lawmakers and top officials, the Obama administration continues to move forward with plans to resettle at least 10,000 Syrian refugees in the U.S. in Fiscal Year 2016.Of the 237 Syrian refugees resettled in the U.S. since the November 13 Paris attacks CNS highlighted, 65 or 27.4 percent are males between the ages of ages 14-50, 55 or 23.4 percent are women between the ages of 14 and 50, and 107 or 45.1 percent are children under the age of 14 (54 males and 53 females.). In all 123 male refugees and 114 female refugees from Syria have been resettled in the U.S.CNS News notes that since the start of the Syrian conflict refugees from the country have overwhelmingly been Muslim. Just 2.2 percent or 54 Syrian refugees resettled in the U.S. have been Christians while 2,241 Syrian refugees or 93.3 percent have been Sunni Muslims. Another 60 refugees have been labeled  Moslem  and 13 have been Shia. Via: Breitbart News",0
16933,BOMBSHELL: President Carter Banned Iranians From America During Hostage Crisis,"Thanks to Daniel Greenfield for digging up this bombshell of a fact: Carter did what Trump just announced he d like to do. This reminds us all (I hope) that we ve been doing this Muslim terrorism thing for waaay too long! It s been decades of dealing with this barbaric behavior and hate. If you ve never seen  ARGO , please make time to watch it! It s a really great flashback of terrorism in the 70 s but we re STILL dealing with this evil remember Benghazi? Here s a trailer from the movie about the hostage crisis in 1979 under President Jimmy Carter: So who s the Hitler now? The name calling has been so over the top against Trump that it s almost embarrassing. The RINO Republicans (Lindsey Graham) and liberal press (Shepard Smith) were absolutely ridiculous! Take the emotion out of this and look at the facts!During the Iranian hostage crisis, Carter issued a number of orders to put pressure on Iran. Among these, Iranians were banned from entering the United States unless they oppose the Shiite Islamist regime or had a medical emergency.Here s Jimmy  Hitler  Carter saying it back in 1980.Fourth, the Secretary of Treasury [State] and the Attorney General will invalidate all visas issued to Iranian citizens for future entry into the United States, effective today. We will not reissue visas, nor will we issue new visas, except for compelling and proven humanitarian reasons or where the national interest of our own country requires. This directive will be interpreted very strictly.Apparently barring people from a terrorist country is not against  our values  after all. It may even be  who we are . Either that or Carter was a racist monster just like Trump.Meanwhile here s how the Iranian students in the US were treated.Carter orders 50,000 Iranian students in US to report to immigration office with view to deporting those in violation of their visas. On 27 December 1979, US appeals court allows deportation of Iranian students found in violation.In November 1979, the Attorney General had given all Iranian students one month to report to the local immigration office. Around 7,000 were found in violation of their visas. Around 15,000 Iranians were forced to leave the US.Meanwhile any Iranians entering the US were forced to undergo secondary screening.Interestingly enough, Carter did this by invoking the Nationality Act of 1952. A law originally opposed by Democrats for its attempt to restrict Communist immigration to the United States. If this oasis of the world should be overrun, perverted, contaminated, or destroyed, then the last flickering light of humanity will be extinguished,  Senator McCarran said of the law. He was a Democrat.Now unlike Muslims, Iranians were not necessarily supportive of Islamic terrorism. Many were and are opponents of it. Khomeini didn t represent Iran as a country, but his Islamist allies. So Trump s proposal is far more legitimate than Carter s action. Carter targeted people by nationality. Trump s proposal does so by ideology.Read more: FRONTPAGE MAGAZINE",0
16934,Is Obama Using The Refugee Resettlement Of Muslims To Give ISIS World Domination?,"Since Obama was sworn in as President hundreds of thousands of  refugees  have come to America most of them Muslim. We re also seeing thousands of people from all over the world cross our Southern border illegally. With the virtual invasion via illegals and refugees, is Obama trying to give America to ISIS? It is a question worth asking if you look at the facts: DHS has just announced that ISIS is infiltrating the Refugee Resettlement Program. No shocker there. And yet, not only does Obama refuse to shut it down, he s bringing more and more in. Treasonous much? He s also going after our guns and constitutional rights in an attempt to strip them from us just when we need them the most. ISIS PLANS GLOBAL DOMINATION: A document has just surfaced which outlines how ISIS organizes its territory and controls it. I am not surprised. I would have expected nothing less from the Caliphate. They are a conquering force after all, so it makes sense that they would be the ultimate, brutal community organizers.Before we get into that, the latest on ISIS is that Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour is dead in Afghanistan. He was mortally wounded in a shootout last Tuesday and succumbed to his wounds sometime within the next 48 hours. If true, this is a death blow to the Taliban in Afghanistan by ISIS and is very bad news. As horrific as the Taliban is, ISIS makes them look like amateurs.Experts say they can t figure out where ISIS is getting their funding. Are you kidding me? They are big business: drugs, oil and they are backed by various countries behind the scenes and other players in geopolitical manipulations. ISIS will spread through Afghanistan like a malignant cancer. Slaughter and terror will be widespread. ISIS is very organized in their conquest for the Caliphate and they will rule the country with an iron fist and a Quran.I don t believe the Taliban when they say Mansour is still alive. If he were alive, we would have seen him by now. Already, slick propaganda is surfacing from ISIS of their executions of their enemies. It is brutal and gory. I have heard reports of them making the Taliban kneel on explosives and then blowing them up. They also put mortars as necklaces around their necks and then detonate them. The training camps they are setting up all over the place are terrifying and many are flocking to ISIS to join in the fight for the Caliphate. They are the strong horse in the race for the Middle East. ISIS is going from town to town, province to province and slaughtering people and conquering in their wake. They rape women and children, execute infidels and crucify offenders. They take slaves and wealth as they go. It is very reminiscent of Genghis Kahn. People flee in abject terror when they hear that ISIS is approaching.Neither Russia or the United States could take the Taliban out. They live like goats in the mountains of Afghanistan. But ISIS is making short order of them and fast. The trick is to be more brutal and aggressive than your enemy and ISIS has that down to an art. ISIS settled in among the population in Afghanistan and then activated. That is exactly what they are doing in Europe. Things are about to get very, very dicey out there.Now, with this unearthed document, we see how they have global plans. ISIS is already throughout the Middle East and with the Hijrah migration, they are now planted in Europe. Just as they did in Afghanistan, they initially plant themselves within a population before rising up in cells and sweeping the country. They are beginning to do this in America too, thanks to Barack Obama s open borders and Refugee Resettlement Program.Read more: Noisy Room",0
16935,OBAMA REGIME Uses Image Of U.S. Constitution In Spanish Speaking Ad Encouraging Illegals To Become Citizens/Voters,"A shameless promotion of amnesty by our Feds. Obama and the Democrats are willing to do whatever it takes It s all about the votes The Obama administration is encouraging the 8.8 million eligible lawful permanent residents to become U.S. citizen with efforts aimed at raising awareness about the process and pressing more immigrants to naturalize.Just for fun the Obama regime threw in this silly little reminder (see end of tweet where VOTE is prominently displayed in upper case letters. This tweet (featured in the Spanish speaking video) basically serves as a reminder: If you gain your citizenship through our efforts, you must vote to keep the Democrats (who were willing to sell out their nation) in office Monday, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services   the agency responsible for overseeing immigration to the U.S.   is out with a video composed of a compilation of  six word  entries via social media from  citizens of any country, living anywhere  about what U.S. citizenship means to them. Back in September, we asked you to share what U.S. citizenship means to you in six words using the hashtag: #citizenship6. You responded in ways that touched us, challenged us and showed us that one word has so many meanings,  the agency explained.The agency released two versions of the video one in English and one in Spanish. We also created banners for our home page that we ll post over the coming months. Enjoy the video, and please share it with your friends and family!  the agency added.In order to naturalize most applicants must demonstrate they can understand, read, write, and speak basic English.",0
16936,REMEMBERING FDR’S Famous Pearl Harbor Speech: How “A Date That Will Live In Infamy” Almost Wasn’t [AUDIO],"Did FDR actually deliver his fireside chats while sitting near a fire? Seventy-four years ago, President Franklin D. Roosevelt proclaimed December 7, 1941, as a  date which will live in infamy  after the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor.But that most powerful line in his speech asking Congress to declare war and bring the U.S. into World War II almost wasn t. Roosevelt s original draft called it  a date which will live in world history,  rhetoric that had far less  oomph. That memorable revision along with others   a fact you can see for yourself thanks to thousands of pages of the longest-serving president s speeches made available Monday digitally for the first time.President Franklin D. Roosevelt made an important revision to his first draft of the address he would make to Congress on Dec. 8, 1941, after the Pearl Harbor attacks. FDR Presidential LibraryThe massive archive at the Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library, thanks in part to support from AT&T, includes over 46,000 pages of drafts, reading copies, transcripts and their audio files from Roosevelt s 12 years in office   all online and free to the public.It s the largest archive of any president, according to FDR Library Director Paul Sparrow, and provides new insight into Roosevelt s presidency.Roosevelt was a historian and a collector,  Sparrow said.  He kept every draft, every script. The Pearl Harbor speech   made December 8   stands out as one of the most pivotal moments of Roosevelt s presidency. On his blog, Sparrow wrote that it  represents the tipping point, the actual moment when the United States was transformed from an isolationist nation to a global superpower and leader of the free world. Its message of resolve and determination in the face of a devastating attack is as relevant today as it was then. And it was written almost entirely by Roosevelt himself, not by speechwriters or his advisers. Roosevelt dictated the speech to his secretary just three hours after learning of the attacks.Roosevelt made edits to that draft   most importantly changing  world history  to  infamy  in the first line. His close adviser, Harry Hopkins, would make the only other addition:  With confidence in our armed forces   with the unbounding determination of our people   we will gain the inevitable triumph  so help us God. The State Department was also pressuring Roosevelt to deliver a much longer, historical speech that detailed the U.S.-Japan tensions. They even presented the president with a 17-page suggested draft. Roosevelt politely listened to their suggestions, but had already decided he would stick with his three-page, seven-minute speech.The forceful brevity of that speech at such a crucial moment in U.S. history is one reason it is among the best-remembered in history. Roosevelt knew that lengthy speech wasn t what the American people wanted to hear right now,  Sparrow said.Roosevelt, who was of course the longest-serving president in history, gave the most speeches and press conferences of any chief executive too. And as radio in the 1930s and 1940s became a way to reach the masses, he embraced it like any other with his regular  Fireside Chats. Roosevelt s First Fireside Chat After Pearl Harbor 26:16 Though he didn t actually deliver them beside a fire, his rhetorical gift was on full display in the regular addresses, using common words and a conversational tone to reach the American public. In his own mind, he imagined sitting at a kitchen table and talking to his neighbors,  Sparrow said.  They have much more of an explanatory tone. Many are very instructional.  Via: NPR",0
16937,95 YR OLD WWII VETERAN Writes Scathing Letter To Obama: “I can’t figure out what country you’re the president of”,"When WWII veteran and Pearl Harbor resident, Harold Estes wrote this letter, he was a retired Master Chief Boatswains Mate. He died on May 7, 2011. This is the most amazing and honest letter to our Community Organizer In Chief that you will ever read. Although this letter was written in 2009, its content is surprisingly still very timely. He discusses Obama s disdain for our police, military and America in general and even addresses his warped views on race in America. Enjoy Dear President Obama,My name is Harold Estes, approaching 95 on December 13 of this year. People meeting me for the first time don t believe my age because I remain wrinkle free and pretty much mentally alert.I enlisted in the U.S. Navy in 1934 and served proudly before, during and after WW II retiring as a Master Chief Bos n Mate. Now I live in a  rest home  located on the western end of Pearl Harbor allowing me to keep alive the memories of 23 years of service to my country.One of the benefits of my age, perhaps the only one, is to speak my mind, blunt and direct even to the head man.So here goes.I am amazed, angry and determined not to see my country die before I do but you seem hell bent not to grant me that wish.I can t figure out what country you are the president of. You fly around the world telling our friends and enemies despicable lies like: We re no longer a Christian nation   America is arrogant    (Your wife even announced to the world,  America is mean-spirited.  Please tell her to try preaching that nonsense to 23 generations of our war dead buried all over the globe who died for no other reason than to free a whole lot of strangers from tyranny and hopelessness.) I d say shame on the both of you but I don t think you like America nor do I see an ounce of gratefulness in anything you do for the obvious gifts this country has given you. To be without shame or gratefulness is a dangerous thing for a man sitting in the White House.After 9/11 you said,  America hasn t lived up to her ideals.  Which ones did you mean?1. Was it the notion of personal liberty that 11,000 farmers and shopkeepers died for to win independence from the British ?2. Or maybe the ideal that no man should be a slave to another man that 500,000 men died for in the Civil War?3. I hope you didn t mean the ideal 470,000 fathers, brothers, husbands, and a lot of fellahs I knew personally died for in WWII, because we felt real strongly about not letting any nation push us around because we stand for freedom.4. I don t think you mean the ideal that says equality is better than discrimination. You know the one that a whole lot of white people understood when they helped to get you elected.Take a little advice from a very old geezer, young man. Shape up and start acting like an American. If you don t, I ll do what I can to see you get shipped out of that fancy rental on Pennsylvania Avenue. You were elected to lead not to bow, apologize and kiss the hands of murderers and corrupt leaders who still treat their people like slaves.And just who do you think you are telling the American people not to jump to conclusions and condemn that Muslim major who killed 13 of his fellow soldiers and wounded dozens more. You mean you don t want us to do what you did when that white cop used force to subdue that black college professor in Massachusetts who was putting up a fight? You don t mind offending the police calling them stupid but you don t want us to offend Muslim fanatics by calling them what they are, terrorists.One more thing. I realize you never served in the military and never had to defend your country with your life but you re the Commander-in-Chief now, son. Do your job. When your battle-hardened field General asks you for 40,000 more troops to complete the mission, give them to him. But if you re not in this fight to win, then get out. The life of one American soldier is not worth the best political strategy you re thinking of.You could be our greatest president because you face the greatest challenge ever presented to any president.You re not going to restore American greatness by bringing back our bloated economy. That s not our greatest threat. Losing the heart and soul of who we are as Americans is our big fight now. And I sure as hell don t want to think my president is the enemy in this final battle.Sincerely,Harold B. EstesHarold B. Estes and many of his peers are part of a generation that is known as  The Greatest Generation.  Estes, a World War II veteran credited with helping bring the USS Missouri and Bowfin museums to Hawaii, and who gained Internet fame with a letter written to President Barack Obama telling him to  shape up and start acting like an American,  died Tuesday May 17, 2011.Bringing the battleship Missouri to Pearl Harbor started as an idea tossed around in 1994 by Estes, retired Adm. Ron Hays and Navy veteran Edwin Carter, according to the museum.Estes served over 20 years in the Navy. He took to the Navy like the proverbial duck takes to the water. Estes loved the Navy and the Navy returned that love. His first ship was the battleship California, later sunk at Pearl Harbor.Estes was a true gentleman. He didn t have a political bone in his body, and he loved America and his fellow veterans.A letter critical of Obama penned by Estes several years ago went viral on the Internet and references to it are still numerous.",0
16938,"HOW OBAMA MADE IT POSSIBLE FOR ISIS To Erase 2,000 Years Of Christianity From Iraq [VIDEO]","ISIS stormed into Mosul, Iraq last summer. Much of what took 2,000 years to build has been lost in a matter of months. There are no Christians left in Mosul Surely, our intelligence community warned Obama this would happen. If our President is so concerned about the welfare of Muslims (mostly men) supposedly escaping persecution by ISIS, why did he abandon these Christians in Iraq?Nothing is sacred to these monsters. Christian relics and books from the 1st century have been destroyed by ISIS. Christian homes in Mosul have been marked by ISIS. If you are a Christian and ISIS puts their mark on your home, it signifies you are expected to either convert to Islam, pay an extortion fee or  face the sword. Unfortunately, democracy in Iran brought a new wave of persecution for Christians. When the US withdrew from Iraq completely, the situation became dire. The government was not capable of taking care of the Christian population and ISIS moved in to eradicate the Christian population and erase any trace of Christianity. Where Christians have been living for over 1,000 years, there is nothing but silence empty building and homes. ",0
16939,HOLY FREEDOM OF SPEECH! Obama’s Attorney General Promises To Punish Americans For Anti-Muslim Speech…UPDATE: Why Lynch May Be “Most Likely Candidate” To Quickly Push Through Supreme Court Justice Nomination Process,"UPDATE: A leading Supreme Court analyst thinks Attorney General Loretta Lynch is the  most likely candidate  to replace the late conservative Justice Antonin Scalia.Tom Goldstein, who runs the influential SCOTUSblog, had earlier predicted Ninth Circuit Judge Paul Watford would make the top of President Obama s shortlist. But in a revised blog post, Goldstein said he now believes Lynch is the leading contender.Lynch is a  very serious possibility,  Goldstein wrote.  The fact that Lynch was vetted so recently for attorney general also makes it practical for the president to nominate her in relatively short order.  Via: NBC NewsSocial media users beware! You ve been warned by Obama s henchwoman, Attorney General Loretta Lynch The day after a horrific shooting spree by a  radicalized  Muslim man and his partner in San Bernardino, California, Attorney General Loretta Lynch pledged to a group of Muslim activists that she would take aggressive action against anyone who used  anti-Muslim rhetoric  that  edges toward violence. Speaking to the audience at the Muslim Advocate s 10th anniversary dinner Thursday, Lynch said her  greatest fear  is the  incredibly disturbing rise of anti-Muslim rhetoric  in America and vowed to prosecute any guilty of what she deemed violence-inspiring speech. She said:The fear that you have just mentioned is in fact my greatest fear as a prosecutor, as someone who is sworn to the protection of all of the American people, which is that the rhetoric will be accompanied by acts of violence. My message to not just the Muslim community but to the entire American community is: we cannot give in to the fear that these backlashes are really based on.Assuring the pro-Muslim group that  we stand with you,  Lynch said she would use her Justice Department to protect Muslims from  violence  and discrimination.Claiming that violence against Muslims is on the rise and citing France s clamp down on potentially radicalized mosques, Lynch suggested the Constitution does not protect  actions predicated on violent talk  and pledged to prosecute those responsible for such actions. When we talk about the First Amendment we [must] make it clear that actions predicated on violent talk are not American,  said Lynch.  They are not who we are, they are not what we do, and they will be prosecuted. My message not just to the Muslim community but to all Americans is  We cannot give in to the fear that these backlashes are really based on,'  said Lynch.It is painfully clear that, like her predecessor Eric Holder, Lynch is far more concerned with promoting the social justice agenda than protecting the Constitutional rights of American citizens. What exactly is speech that  edges toward violence ? What exactly are  actions predicated on violent talk ? In the end, it is whatever she decides it to mean. Via: Daily Wire",0
16940,GOP MAJORITY SENATE FINALLY GETS IT RIGHT: Votes To Gut Obamacare And Defund Planned Parenthood,"The Democrats tried to attach a gun control amendment to the bill, but Republicans blocked those amendments. Of course, Obama says he ll veto the bill. What the majority of Americans want is of no consequence to the King The U.S. Senate approved a bill Thursday that would strip Obamacare of key tax-raising features and would also eliminate taxpayer-funding of abortion businesses, including Planned Parenthood. For years, the American people have been calling on Washington to build a bridge away from Obamacare,  said Senate Majority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY). For years, Democrats prevented the Senate from passing legislation to do so. The 52 to 47 vote also would strip taxpayer funding from Planned Parenthood for one year. This measures has been pushed by a renewed call to defund the abortion business since the release of videos exposing the organization s apparent practices of harvesting body parts of unborn babies and altering the position of babies during abortions in order to harvest their intact organs.Sens. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL), and Sen. Mike Lee (R-UT)challenged a repeal bill passed by the House for not going far enough. A conservative aide tells Breitbart News that Senate leadership is finally following their lead in keeping their promises to the American people who elected them.The measure, which passed 52-47 under the reconciliation budgetary process, will head to the House for a vote. The House passed a similar Obamacare repeal bill. The Senate and the House must soon approve identical bills before they can get to the president s desk.President Barack Obama, however, has already said he will veto the Senate bill.In the Senate, Democrats and several liberal Republicans tried but failed to gut the language that defunds Planned Parenthood from the bill.Family Research Council president Tony Perkins commended the U.S. Senate for approving the bill.  This is a huge victory for unborn children, their mothers, and for taxpayers,  Perkins said.  For the first time during the Obama presidency, both the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives have approved legislation that begins to end the forced partnership between taxpayers and Planned Parenthood. President Obama will now bear the moral responsibility for sending our tax dollars to a group that has engaged in the selling of baby body parts,  he continued.  Even if the President vetoes the bill, we ve still succeeded, because a Senate precedent has now been set for moving a similar measure forward when America finally has a President who understands the value of every person, born and unborn. Father Frank Pavone, national director of Priests for Life, also praised the Senate s approval of the legislation that would transfer taxpayer Medicaid money from Planned Parenthood to health care clinics that do not perform abortions.  It s an understatement to say that Planned Parenthood has shown itself unworthy of taxpayer support,  said Pavone.  The 325,000 lives it destroys every year are 325,000 reasons to redirect taxpayer funds to groups that provide health care without taking innocent lives. When there are legitimate health care providers that actually help women and their babies, it s a travesty to give one dime to Planned Parenthood,  he added.  The Senate is to be commended for standing up for women, their children, and taxpayers who object to subsidizing a billion-dollar abortion business. The bill would also end the individual mandate of Obamacare that requires most people to purchase health insurance, and strip the authority of the federal government to run health care exchanges. Via: Breitbart News ",0
16941,HOW SENATE DEMOCRATS PLAN TO FORCE GUN-CONTROL Amendment On GOP’s Bill To Repeal Obamacare,"No word yet on plans to de-fund State Department s Refugee Resettlement Program, that brings hundreds of thousands of Muslims to America from countries who hate us Reeling from the mass shooting in San Bernardino, Democrats will try to force the Senate to vote Thursday on legislation to stem gun violence.The specific measures are still being considered, but they would be proposed as amendments to a GOP package to repeal the Affordable Care Act.Passage of any effort to limit access to firearms appears unlikely, as Congress has been unable to build support for toughening the nation s gun-control laws in the face of opposition from the Nation Rifle Assn. Even in the aftermath of the mass shooting of elementary schoolchildren at Newtown, Conn., a measure to beef up laws failed.Other measures, including one to provide funding for federal health officials to study gun violence, may find broader support in Congress.We're going to force the Senate to vote today on amendments that do something to stop gun violence.  Senator Harry Reid (@SenatorReid) December 3, 2015Sen. Harry Reid of Nevada, the Democratic leader, said after Wednesday s shooting in California that gun violence has become a  cancer  on the nation. We are better than this,  Reid said.  This madness must stop. Via: Los Angeles Times",0
16942,LIST OF 22 TIMES OBAMA Called Phony Climate Change More Serious Than Terrorism,"Oh the irony of a terror attack by Muslims taking place on American soil on the heels of Obama s return from phony Climate Change Summit in Paris ISIS has taken responsibility for the horrifying attacks in Paris that have left more than 150 dead and hundreds wounded. French President Francois Hollande is calling for the closure of his country s borders. President Barack Obama didn t condemn Islamic radicals for the attacks, but he did call them  an outrageous attempt to terrorize innocent civilians  and  an attack on all of humanity and the universal values we share. Friday s deadly attacks thwarted Al Gore s long-planned Paris webcast and star-studded concert to promote climate change awareness. Out of solidarity with the French people and the City of Paris, we have decided to suspend our broadcast of 24 Hours of Reality and Live Earth,  the group said in an online statement.Coincidentally, in July 2008, Al Gore called climate change a more dangerous threat than terrorism.  I think that the climate crisis is, by far, the most serious threat we have ever faced,  Gore told ABC News.Below are 22 times Obama or his administration officials claimed climate change a greater threat than radical Islamic terrorism.In a January 15, 2008 presidential campaign speech on Iraq and Afghanistan, Barack Obama said the  immediate danger  of oil-backed terrorism  is eclipsed only by the long-term threat from climate change, which will lead to devastating weather patterns, terrible storms, drought, and famine. That means people competing for food and water in the next fifty years in the very places that have known horrific violence in the last fifty: Africa, the Middle East, and South Asia. Most disastrously, that could mean destructive storms on our shores, and the disappearance of our coastline. On January 26, 2009, Obama delivered remarks at the White House on the  dangers  of climate change:These urgent dangers to our national and economic security are compounded by the long-term threat of climate change, which, if left unchecked, could result in violent conflict, terrible storms, shrinking coastlines, and irreversible catastrophe.In May 2010, the Obama White House released it s national security strategy, which said,  At home and abroad, we are taking concerted action to confront the dangers posed by climate change and to strengthen our energy security.  The document declared climate change  an urgent and growing threat to our national security. On September 6, 2012, during his Democratic National Convention speech, Obama said,  Yes, my plan will continue to reduce the carbon pollution that is heating our planet, because climate change is not a hoax. More droughts and floods and wildfires are not a joke. They are a threat to our children s future.On January 23, 2013, in an address before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Secretary of State John Kerry declared climate change among the top threats facing the United States.February 16, 2014, Secretary of State John Kerry addressed students in Indonesia and said that global warming is now  perhaps the world s most fearsome weapon of mass destruction. In a June 2014 interview, Obama said:When you start seeing how these shifts can displace people entire countries can be finding themselves unable to feed themselves and the potential incidence of conflict that arises out of that that gets your attention. There s a reason why the quadrennial defense review which the secretary of defense and the Joints Chiefs of Staff work on identified climate change as one of our most significant national security problems. It s not just the actual disasters that might arise, it is the accumulating stresses that are placed on a lot of different countries and the possibility of war, conflict, refugees, displacement that arise from a changing climate.During a September 2014 meeting with foreign ministers, Secretary of State John Kerry called Climate change a threat as urgent as ISIS.On September 24 2014, the Obama USDA launched its Global Alliance for Climate Smart Agriculture. In a memo posted by Secretary of State John Kerry, among other Obama administration officials, read, From India to the United States, climate change poses drastic risks to every facet of our lives. On October 29, 2014, in an address to the Washington Ideas Forum, Obama s Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said:From my perspective, within the portfolio that I have responsibility for security of this country climate change presents security issues for us. There s a security dynamic to that. As the oceans increase, it will affect our bases. It will affect islands. It will affect security across the world. Just from my narrow perspective, what I have responsibility for, that s happening now.During his 2015 State of the Union address, Obama said,  No challenge  poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change. In a February 2015 address to college students in Iowa, Vice President Joe Biden said  Global warming is the greatest threat to your generation of anything at all, across the board. On February 09, 2015, in an interview with Vox, Obama said he  absolutely  believes that the media  sometimes overstates the level of alarm people should have about terrorism  as opposed to  climate change. On February 10, 2015, when asked to confirm if this means Obama believes  the threat of climate change is greater than the threat of terrorism,  Earnest responded,  The point the president is making is that there are many more people on an annual basis who have to confront the impact, the direct impact on their lives, of climate change, or on the spread of a disease, than on terrorism. During his April 18, 2015 weekly address on climate change, Obama said,  Wednesday is Earth Day, a day to appreciate and protect this precious planet we call home. And today, there s no greater threat to our planet than climate change. In May 2015, the White House released a 1,300-page National Climate Assessment that declared climate change among the world s foremost threats.May 20, 2015 President Obama said in his keynote address to the U.S. Coast Guard Academy graduates:  Climate change, and especially rising seas, is a threat to our homeland security, our economic infrastructure, the safety and health of the American people. On July 13 2015, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency administrator Gina McCarthy and Obama s U.S. Ambassador to the Vatican Kenneth F. Hackett wrote in a joint blog post on the EPA website, praising Pope Francis for dedicating his second encyclical to urging swift action on global warming.McCarthy and Hackett wrote:As public servants working in both domestic policy and diplomacy, we understand the urgent need for global action. Climate impacts like extreme droughts, floods, fires, heat waves, and storms threaten people in every country and those who have the least suffer the most. No matter your beliefs or political views, we are all compelled to act on climate change to protect our health, our planet, and our fellow human beings.An Obama Defense Department report released on July 29, 2015 says climate change puts U.S. security at risk and threatens the global order:The report reinforces the fact that global climate change will have wide-ranging implications for U.S. national security interests over the foreseeable future because it will aggravate existing problems such as poverty, social tensions, environmental degradation, ineffectual leadership, and weak political institutions that threaten domestic stability in a number of countries.The report finds that climate change is a security risk because it degrades living conditions, human security, and the ability of governments to meet the basic needs of their populations. Communities and states that are already fragile and have limited resources are significantly more vulnerable to disruption and far less likely to respond effectively and be resilient to new challenges.In his August 28, 2015 weekly address, Obama said  This is all real. This is happening to our fellow Americans right now,  he said.  Think about that. If another country threatened to wipe out an American town, we d do everything in our power to protect ourselves. Climate change poses the same threat, right now. In a September address at the United Nations Climate Summit Obama said,  For all the immediate challenges that we gather to address this week terrorism, instability, inequality, disease   there s one issue that will define the contours of this century more dramatically than any other, and that is the urgent and growing threat of a changing climate. During a September 28 address at the United Nations, President Obama said that  We can roll back the pollution that we put in our skies,  adding that  No country can escape the ravages of climate change.  Via: Breitbart News",0
16943,FLASHBACK 2011: RADICAL MUSLIM CLERIC Who Issued Fatwa Against Danish Cartoonist Found In Trunk Crossing Into U.S. From Mexico,"Why do we allow stories like these to be buried? It s so important for Americans to know the truth about how easy it is for terrorists to slip through our porous borders. Why do mainstream media sources in the U.S. not report stories like these? When this radical Imam was caught trying to sneak into the U.S. in 2011, the UK Daily Mail was the only publication to cover this story. Why?  Jan., 2011 -U.S. border guards got a surprise when they searched a Mexican BMW and found a hardline Muslim cleric   banned from France and Canada   curled up in the boot.Said Jaziri, who called for the death of a Danish cartoonist that drew pictures of the prophet Mohammed, was being smuggled into California when he was arrested, along with his driver Kenneth Robert Lawler.The 43-year-old was deported from Canada to his homeland Tunisia in 2007 after it emerged he had lied on his refugee application about having served jail time in France.His fire and brimstone sermons and rabble-rousing antics catapulted him into the public eye during his short tenure as imam at a Montreal mosque.He branded homosexuality a disease and led protests over cartoonist Kurt Westergaard s illustrations poked fun at Islam and were published in a Danish newspaper in 2006.He also caused anger when he campaigned for a bigger mosque to accommodate Montreal s burgeoning Muslim population.But after his deportation he complained that he had been physically and mentally tortured during the 13-hour flight repatriating him to Tunisia, a claim Canadian authorities deny.He was being held as a material witness in the criminal case against Mr Lawler, who has been charged with immigrant smuggling.Danish cartoonist Kurt Westergaard sparked controversy when his drawings of Mohammed appeared in a newspaper in 2006Jaziri had allegedly paid a Tijuana-based smuggling cartel $5,000 to take him across the border near Tecate, saying he wanted to be taken to a  safe place anywhere in the U.S. According to the court documents, a Mexican guide led Jaziri and a Mexican immigrant over the border fence near Tecate.They then trekked across the rugged terrain under cover of darkness to a spot popular for drivers who pick up immigrants for smuggling runs into San Diego.He allegedly told officials he had flown from Africa to Europe, then to Central America and Chetumal, Mexico, on the Mexico-Belize border, where he took a bus to Tijuana. I think he was deported because people hated his ideas. His case drew support from the Muslim community as well as Amnesty International after he claimed he would be tortured if sent back to Tunisia.As a disclaimer, a couple of websites are attempting to pass this off as a current story. This story actually took place in 2011. We want everyone to know this is NOT a current story, but it serves as a reminder of how serious our porous borders were then and how they are even more porous today, thanks to Obama forcing our Border Agents to stand down. ",0
16944,GOP HOUSE LEADERSHIP Place Political Careers Before National Security: Why They Are Reportedly Caving (Again) To Democrats,"Is this why we worked so hard to get a GOP majority in the House and Senate? Spineless weasels Republican House members blasted their GOP leadership Wednesday for caving to Democratic leaders  demand that they abandon the House s bipartisan bill to tighten screening of refugee applicants from Syria and Iraq. The bill to bolster the Syrian and Iraqi [refugee] vetting process passed with a veto-proof majority and is supported by a vast majority of Americans,  said Rep. Richard Hudson (R-NC)57% , who is one of the two co-authors of the original House bill that GOP leaders are now abandoning. It would be a shame to bow to the wishes of Sen. Harry Reid (D-NV) and the White House, leaving our country vulnerable to foreign terrorism,  he told Breitbart News exclusively.After the Paris attacks that killed over 120 people, the House passed a bill   with a huge bipartisan majority   that would implement tough screening requirements for refugees. The bill was criticized by Democrats and President Obama, who vowed to veto the legislation and suggested that Republicans work with them to tighten oversight of visas given to legal visitors.Now, House Republican leaders are reportedly planning to abandon their original idea to tighten screening of refugees and are instead caving to Democrats who want to only fix security gaps in the legal-visitor visa program.Republican House leadership is backing away from the refugee problem because they fear their fix will be rejected by Democrats and lead to a partial government shut-down.Rep. Mo Brooks (R-AL) also told Breitbart News exclusively that he isn t  surprised  that Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) is following in the steps of former House Speaker Rep. John Boehner (R-OH)32% by bowing to Democrats, rather than putting up a fight.He called the original vote  a show vote  that was arranged by the leaders, and told Breitbart News that the entire refugee program needs to be stripped of its funding.Rep. Brian Babin (R-TX) told Breitbart News exclusively that GOP House leadership should fix both problems.  This should not be an either or question,  Babin said.  Both should be addressed in a timely manner. We should concern ourselves first and foremost with the safety and security of the American people. Babin recently released a letter, signed by more than 70 of his colleagues, calling on House leadership to include language in the must-pass omnibus spending bill that would defund the refugee resettlement program. More than 70 of my colleagues joined me in calling for an immediate suspension in the refugee program to give us time to put in place security measures that the Administration has failed to implement  Babin told Breitbart News. We must restore Congressional authority and ensure that Congress has a final sign-off on any Administration proposed Security measures. Congress has until December 11th to pass the omnibus bill.Via: Breitbart News",0
16945,Obama’s Gas-Guzzling Motorcade To Paris Climate Talks Had A Huge Price Tag For The American Taxpayer,"Are you sitting down? The phony baloney Climate Change Summit put on by our Dictator In Chief costs the American taxpayers close to $2 MILLION DOLLARS. Someone needs to shut this grifter down!Car service, hotels, and accommodations for the president and other administration officials to attend climate change talks in Paris are costing taxpayers nearly $2 million, according to government contracts.The COP21 meeting of global leaders, which President Obama said is a  powerful rebuke  to terrorists, began on Monday. Representatives from 195 countries traveled to Paris, burning 300,000 tons of carbon dioxide for the United Nations conference that is seeking to reduce global emissions.The tab for Obama s motorcade alone totals $784,825. The State Department issued a $407,868 contract to Biribin Limousines, an international chauffeur service, for vehicles for the president s security detail. No Sustainability Included,  the document states under a section for contract clauses.Numerous other contracts for passenger vehicle rentals, including $9,042 for accompanying press, totaled $376,957.Taxpayers were also billed $100,216 to book hotel accommodations for the president s stay. Hotel rooms and cell phones for the U.S. Secret Service traveling with the president cost $16,642 and $4,034, respectively.A number of cabinet secretaries are also in Paris for the United Nations conference, including IRS Commissioner John Koskinen, whose car service tab is $5,400.Secretary of State John Kerry s car service totaled $76,435, with three separate contracts worth $38,684, $15,789, and $21,962.Car service for Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz is costing $19,080, and two contracts worth $10,153 and $10,737 were issued for Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack s chauffeur service.Interior Secretary Sally Jewell is also attending the conference, with hotel accommodations at the Tuileries Finances in Paris costing $36,091, and her car service totaling $13,903.In all, costs associated with the climate change summit totaled $1,805,282.Read more: WFB",0
16946,OBAMA USES WORLD STAGE To Announce Plans For Executive Action On Gun Control In U.S.,"How very progressive And how very ironic that our tyrannical President would take the opportunity to address how he plans to implement gun control in the U.S. while standing in Paris, where only two weeks ago 130 unarmed people were slaughtered by armed terrorists.Gun control, man-made climate change, open borders, one-world order just a few of the topics our anti-American President feels right at home discussing with a few comrades Speaking from Paris, France, on December 1, President Obama criticized the lack of gun control in the U.S. and pledged to remain focused on using executive action to enact new controls where possible.Obama is in Paris for a conference on climate change.During a press conference, Obama was asked about the November 27 Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood attack that killed two civilians and a police officer. He responded by claiming  mass shootings  are a something specifically American a problem not witnessed in other countries then criticized Congressional inaction toward passing more gun control.According to Bloomberg, Obama said:In the United States we have the power to do more to prevent what is just a regular process of gun homicides, that is unequaled by multiples of five, six, [or] ten, and I think the American people understand that. So my hope is that, once again, this spurs a conversation and action.He said that  Congress, states, and local governments  need to act, and he made it clear he  will continue to focus on what [he] can do administratively,  which is something he has been threatening to do since a gunman opened fire in the gun free zone at Umpqua Community College on October 1.On November 12 CBS News reported that Obama has given a team of  White House lawyers  the job of finding a way that executive action can be used to expand background checks. And Breitbart News reported that part of what is being sought is an arbitrary threshold that can be set on private gun sales. Citizens who sell more than the allowable level will be forced to do background checks on every sale.Obama and the Democrat Party have been obsessed with expanding background checks since Adam Lanza attacked Sandy Hook Elementary on December 14, 2012. Yet it is interesting to note that expanded background checks would not have hindered that attack in the slightest, because Lanza stole the guns he used he did not buy them.Moreover, background checks are already expanded in Colorado. Breitbart News previously reported that expanded background checks and a  high capacity  magazine ban are the law of the land in Colorado, but neither were effectual in stopping the Planned Parenthood attack or the high profile public shooting that took place in CO Springs on Halloween day. Via: Breitbart News",0
16947,New York Welfare Programs More Generous Than Sweden Or France,"Honestly, American taxpayers are getting screwed by leeches on welfare. Before you get upset about what I just wrote, understand that our welfare system is a global magnet. That s right, people from all over the world want to come here because of our generous welfare program. We have the welfare leeches who re citizens but then we have welfare leeches who re refugees brought here by the UN and the State Department. Yes, they re dumped in your communities and given all the goodies that are available:Refugee access to welfare on the same basis as a U.S. citizen has made the program a global magnet.The federal programs available to them include:  Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) formerly known as AFDC   Medicaid   Food Stamps   Public Housing   Supplemental Security Income (SSI)   Social Security Disability Insurance   Administration on Developmental Disabilities (ADD) (direct services only)   Child Care and Development Fund   Independent Living Program   Job Opportunities for Low Income Individuals (JOLI)   Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP)   Postsecondary Education Loans and Grants   Refugee Assistance Programs   Title IV Foster Care and Adoption Assistance Payments (if parents are  qualified immigrants   refugees, asylees, etc)   Title XX Social Services Block Grant Funds17. Welfare use is staggering among refugees. Welfare usage is never counted by officials as part of the cost of the program. Yet, when it is included, the total cost of the refugee program soars to at least 10-20 billion a year.As some Americans are pushed off of time-limited welfare programs many refugees are going on to life-time cash assistance programs. For instance, 12.7% of refugees are on SSI   a lifetime entitlement to a monthly check / Medicaid for elderly or disabled. This rate of usage is at least 4 times higher than the rate of usage for SSI among the native-born population and is reportedly rising from these already very high levels.Permanent and intergenerational welfare dependence has been allowed to take hold to a significant degree in some refugee groups.Read more: Refugee Resettlement Watch NEW YORK IS A GOLD MINE FOR WELFARE RECIPIENTS:When they hear the term  welfare state,  most people think of Europe   especially Denmark or France. No doubt those countries offer a wide range of benefits targeted to the middle class, retirees and so forth. But according to a study released by the Cato Institute this week, someone who is poor might just be better off here in New York.The federal government currently funds more than 100 anti-poverty programs. While no one participates in all of them, many can and do collect assistance from multiple programs.In New York, a mother with two children under the age of five who participates in six major welfare programs (Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, housing assistance, the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program, the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children and free commodities would receive a total benefits package with a value of more than $27,500 per year.Using a similar measure, Cato found that benefits in Europe ranged from $38,588 per year in Denmark to just $1,112 in Romania. In fact, New York s welfare system can be more generous than every country in Europe except Denmark and the United Kingdom. New York is much more generous than such well-known welfare states as France ($17,324), Germany ($23,257) and even Sweden ($22,111).Moreover, this benefit comparison doesn t include Medicaid, which would be worth roughly $10,460 for this household, because Europe s health-care systems are not targeted to the poor, unlike Medicaid.One of the problems with these welfare systems is that they can reduce the incentive to increase work effort because beneficiaries would stand to lose most of their earnings through lower benefits or higher taxes, while also having to bear the costs associated with going to work, like transportation.These people would see little tangible improvement in their standard of living by working more hours or moving up the job ladder.They re not lazy, but they re also not stupid. Like everyone else, they respond to incentives. If welfare pays better than work, people on welfare will be less likely to work.Indeed, economists often discuss the danger that high marginal tax rates can discourage economic activity. But some of the highest effective marginal tax rates in the world are for someone leaving welfare for work.By creating such a big disincentive for work, our tangled, ineffective welfare system can end up punishing the very low-income people it is supposed to help, in addition to the taxpayers who must fund nearly $1 trillion per year in anti-poverty spending.After all, the evidence strongly suggests that work, even in a low-paying entry-level job, is an important route out of poverty: fewer than 3 percent of Americans who work full-time are poor.READ MORE: NYP",0
16948,The American Energy Success Story Obama Won’t Tell The World,"Obama has waisted billions on green energy but the free market wins in the end with the success of fracking and natural gas. You won t hear this from Obama because it doesn t further his agenda to spread the wealth of American taxpayers. Obama plans on spreading our tax dollars to India Yes, India! He s pledged billions to India to increase green energy. We know better than that though it s just another scam to give your hard earned dollars to a failed industry that can t make it in the free market. President Barack Obama is poised to repeat his history of weak-handed negotiations on the world stage when nearly 200 countries gather in Paris on Monday to consider an international response to climate change. According to the president, rejecting the Keystone XL oil pipeline and piling regulations on the fossil fuel and power industries in the United States are necessary to preserving America s credibility as a leader on the world stage.But by doing this, Obama ignores the strongest card in America s hand as he steps to the table: the advances our energy sector has made to reduce carbon emissions while simultaneously acting as the lone bright spot in our economy.In essence, his rhetoric is blind to the true story of American energy. But this story cannot be ignored.According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, monthly power sector carbon dioxide emissions reached a 27-year low in April 2015. But, the progress does not stop there. Total U.S. greenhouse gas emissions are also declining. According to data available from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, U.S. greenhouse gas emissions dropped 9 percent between 2005 and 2013   the largest reduction from any country.So what has made these positive developments possible? The answer is America s oil and natural gas renaissance, as well as our insatiable appetite to innovate. Despite Obama s efforts to stop oil and natural gas development on federal lands and the introduction of unnecessary regulations that increase the cost of production and consumption, American production has been growing at an astounding rate. Natural gas production hit nearly 91 billion cubic feet per day   an increase of about 27 billion cubic feet since August 2006, or enough gas to power up to 290,000 homes per year.A Manhattan Institute study concluded that the increase in clean natural gas production is the greatest contributor toward declining U.S. greenhouse gas emissions. In fact, carbon emissions in America are down to where they were a quarter century ago, though our population has been growing.Even EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy has recognized the important contributions of American natural gas to reducing U.S. greenhouse gas emissions, saying hydraulic fracturing has  created an opportunity for a shift  into natural gas, and that shift has been enormously beneficial from a clean air perspective, as well as from a climate perspective. It is important to note that this progress wasn t driven by arbitrary benchmarks or government mandates, but rather by the free market and natural consensus for a freer, safer, and more economically prosperous future. The conclusion the president should draw from this and bring to the table with the international community is clear: only by embracing the free market can we improve the world s environmental outlook while also strengthening our economies.To demonstrate true leadership, Obama should start emphasizing the important role of hydraulic fracturing and natural gas development across the globe. America would then be standing for policies with proven results rather than for ideas that may sound good, but just don t work. Developing nations desperate for economic growth would be particularly enthusiastic with this proposition as an alternative to the economically disastrous policies currently in vogue.And this is exactly the vision the Republican-led Congress intends to project to the world. We are listening to the American people, who largely do not support the president s regulatory agenda and who understand that there is a better way.Read more: Reuters",0
16949,How We’re Being Tricked: Fiddling With Temperature Data The Biggest Scam Ever,"Amen to this! Billions of your tax dollars have been redistributed in the name of global warming.  When future generations look back on the global-warming scare of the past 30 years, nothing will shock them more than the extent to which the official temperature records   on which the entire panic ultimately rested   were systematically  adjusted  to show the Earth as having warmed much more than the actual data justified. Two weeks ago, under the headline  How we are being tricked by flawed data on global warming , I wrote about Paul Homewood, who, on his Notalotofpeopleknowthat blog, had checked the published temperature graphs for three weather stations in Paraguay against the temperatures that had originally been recorded. In each instance, the actual trend of 60 years of data had been dramatically reversed, so that a cooling trend was changed to one that showed a marked warming. This was only the latest of many examples of a practice long recognised by expert observers around the world   one that raises an ever larger question mark over the entire official surface-temperature record.Watch: Climate change explained in 60 second animation:  Following my last article, Homewood checked a swathe of other South American weather stations around the original three. In each case he found the same suspicious one-way  adjustments . First these were made by the US government s Global Historical Climate Network (GHCN). They were then amplified by two of the main official surface records, the Goddard Institute for Space Studies (Giss) and the National Climate Data Center (NCDC), which use the warming trends to estimate temperatures across the vast regions of the Earth where no measurements are taken. Yet these are the very records on which scientists and politicians rely for their belief in  global warming .President Barack Obama will use the report as evidence for action as he tries to move ahead with policies on climate change before leaving office in 2017Homewood has now turned his attention to the weather stations across much of the Arctic, between Canada (51 degrees W) and the heart of Siberia (87 degrees E). Again, in nearly every case, the same one-way adjustments have been made, to show warming up to 1 degree C or more higher than was indicated by the data that was actually recorded. This has surprised no one more than Traust Jonsson, who was long in charge of climate research for the Iceland met office (and with whom Homewood has been in touch). Jonsson was amazed to see how the new version completely  disappears  Iceland s  sea ice years  around 1970, when a period of extreme cooling almost devastated his country s economy. One of the first examples of these  adjustments  was exposed in 2007 by the statistician Steve McIntyre, when he discovered a paper published in 1987 by James Hansen, the scientist (later turned fanatical climate activist) who for many years ran Giss. Hansen s original graph showed temperatures in the Arctic as having been much higher around 1940 than at any time since. But as Homewood reveals in his blog post,  Temperature adjustments transform Arctic history , Giss has turned this upside down. Arctic temperatures from that time have been lowered so much that that they are now dwarfed by those of the past 20 years.Read more: The Telegraph",0
16950,HOW THE FBI Cracked A Terror Plot On Black Friday That May Have Been Worse Than 9-11," The U.S. is the great enemy of mankind!  raved Ernesto  Che  Guevara in 1961.  Against those hyenas there is no option but extermination. We will bring the war to the imperialist enemies  very home, to his places of work and recreation. The imperialist enemy must feel like a hunted animal wherever he moves. Thus we ll destroy him! We must keep our hatred against them (the U.S.) alive and fan it to paroxysms!  -Che Guevara, head of Cuba s  Foreign Liberation Department,  Nov. 17, 1962We have a president who won t tie Islamic terrorists to Islam, has cut a one-sided deal with Iran, as they continue to chant  death to America,  and has made an open alliance with a communist country who has a long history of hating America. The same country Obama is fighting to normalize relations with, would have committed an unspeakable act of terrorism against us, had our FBI not thwarted their plans.  Why the rush to embrace so many nations and leaders who have a long history of wanting to harm us Barry?  On the morning of November 17th, 1962, FBI headquarters in Washington D.C. took on  all the trappings of a military command post,  according to historian William Breuer. The previous night an intelligence puzzle had finally come together. The resulting picture staggered the FBI men. And these had served at their posts during WWII and the height of the Cold War. They d seen plenty. Now they had mere days to foil a crime against their nation to rival Hideki Tojo s.The agents and officers were haggard and red-eyed  but seriously wired. Like hawks on a perch they d been watching the plot unfold, sweating bullets the whole time. It was nearing time to swoop down on Fidel Castro and Che Guevara s agents, busy with a terror plot that would have made ISIS drool decades later.Alan Belmont was second to J Edgar Hoover at the time. Raymond Wannall headed the Bureau s Intelligence Division. That nerve-jangling morning both were in Belmont s office just down the hall from Hoover s. Both were burning up the telephone lines to their agents in New York. On one phone they had Special Agent John Malone who ran the New York field office. On other lines they talked with several carloads of FBI agents slinking around Manhattan. These were keeping a touch-and-go, but more or less constant, surveillance on the ringleaders of the Cuban terror plot.Castro s agents had targeted Macy s, Gimbels, Bloomingdales, and Manhattan s Grand Central Station with a dozen incendiary devices and 500 kilos of TNT. The holocaust was set for detonation the following week, on the day after Thanksgiving.A little perspective: For their March 2004 Madrid subway blasts, all 10 of them, that killed and maimed almost 2,000 people, al-Qaeda used a grand total of 100 kilos of TNT. Castro and Che s agents planned to set off five times that explosive power in the three biggest department stores on earth, all packed to suffocation and pulsing with holiday cheer on the year s biggest shopping day. Macy s get s 50,000 shoppers that one day. Thousands of New Yorkers, including women and children actually, given the date and targets, probably mostly women and children were to be incinerated and entombed. ( We greeted each other as old friends,  gushed Jimmy Carter when visiting Fidel Castro in 2002.)At the time, the FBI relied heavily on  HUMINT  (Human Intelligence.) So they d expertly penetrated the plot. One by one the ringleaders were ambushed. The first was named Roberto Santiesteban and he was nabbed while walking down Riverside Drive. As the agents closed in, Santiesteban saw them and  took off! And as he ran, Santiesteban was jamming paper in his mouth and chewing furiously.But six FBI agents were after him, all fleet of foot themselves. Finally they closed the ring and  triangulated  the suspect. Santiesteban fell, raging and cursing, flailing his arms and jabbing his elbows like a maniac. They grabbed his arm and bent it behind his back just as he was reaching for his pistol.While this group got their man, another FBI squad arrested a couple named Elsa Montero and Jose Gomez-Abad as they left their apartment on West 71st Street. The FBI speculated that as many as 30 others might have been in on the plot, but these were the head honchos. Had those detonators gone off, 9/11 might be remembered as the SECOND deadliest terrorist attack on U.S. soil.Some of these plotters belonged to the New York Chapter of the Fair Play for Cuba Committee, an outfit that became MUCH better known a year later on that very week. Incidentally, at the time of the Manhattan terror plot, the Fair Play For Cuba Committee also included among its members, CBS correspondent Robert Taber (an early version of Dan Rather, who conducted Castro s first network television soft-soaping on Aug. 30, 1957), along with The Nation magazine co-owner Alan Sagner. In 1996 President Clinton appointed Alan Sagner head of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.Terror-plotters Roberto Santiesteban, Elsa Montero and Jose Gomez-Abad belonged to the Castro-Cuban Mission to the U.N. and escaped prosecution by indignantly claiming  diplomatic immunity.  Via: TownhallIt s hard to imagine any American would ever consider Che Guevara to be a hero And then again, maybe it s not so hard to imagine:Maria Isabel is the campaign volunteer who hung this Che Guevara poster in the Obama campaign office in Houston, TX. She s no  low-level  volunteer either. She is a campaign  precinct captain  and the co-chair of the Houston Obama Leadership Team. ",0
16951,CHICAGO THUGS Watched 9 Yr Old Play On Swings Before Carrying Out His Brutal Murder In Retaliation Against Dad’s Gang,"UPDATE: No #BlackLivesMatter Protests PlannedChicago has no shortage of thugs. What they do have a shortage of is support from the #BlackLivesMatter terrorists and Obama Regime. You don t hear our Community Organizer In Chief running to a microphone every time a young black man or woman is murdered at the hands of another black man or woman. Sadly, it doesn t fit their narrative. This young boy s murder is far more tragic than the plight of the Muslim boy, with a history of discipline issues, who took a fake bomb to school in Texas on 9-11 and was rightly punished for his behavior by school officials. The phony outrage that Obama showed the world over this little fake  clock boy s  arrest should sicken every American. It is especially disturbing when one considers Obama s deafening silence over the horrific gang violence that plagues his hometown of Chicago. Where were the tweets of outrage from the White House over the loss of this beautiful young boy s life? Crickets On Friday, prosecutors laid out their case against a man accused of murdering 9-year-old Tyshawn Lee on Nov. 2Corey Morgan, 27, of suburban Lansing, was charged in the murder. Police have one other man in custody who has not yet been charged, and a third man, Kevin Edwards, is also wanted in the slaying.Prosecutors say Corey Morgan (left) and Kevin Edwards planned the heinous murder of 9-year-old Tyshawn Lee.Assistant State s Attorney George Canellis said Friday the shooting stemmed from an ongoing feud between Morgan s gang, the BBG (Bang Bang Gang)/Terror Dome faction of the Black P Stones and the Killaward faction of the Gangster Disciples.The feud came to a boil after an Oct. 13 shooting in which Morgan s brother, Tracey Morgan was killed and his mother was wounded. Morgan was so enraged he threatened to shoot  grandmas, mamas, kids and all  in retaliation, prosecutors said.Tyshawn was hit in his back, forearm and head, and part of his thumb was shot off as if he was raising his hand to block the shots, Canellis said. This murder was committed in a cold, calculated and premeditated manner,  Canellis said.Chicago Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy vowed to destroy the group responsible for the boy s brutal murder. They are going to be obliterated,  he said.  That gang just signed its death warrant. McCarthy did not detail each suspect s role in the shooting. We know that there were three individuals involved in this,  he said.Morgan s arrest comes nearly a month after Tyshawn s Nov. 2 shooting death.Police are hunting for Kevin Edwards, also suspected in the shooting.Court documents paint a disturbing picture of the planned attack, explaining that Morgan and his accomplices allegedly saw Tyshawn playing on the swings in a playlot with his basketball beside him. One of the suspects allegedly started dribbling Tyshawn s ball, ultimately luring him into the alley where police say he was  executed. Read more on what happened in court Friday here.Tyshawn Lee Case: Cory Morgan ProfferVia: DNAinfochicago",0
16952,MARINE ARRESTED FOR Complaining About Government On Facebook Is Suing Government [VIDEO],"This is some pretty surreal stuff In the four years since the start of Operation Vigilant Eagle, the government has steadily ramped up its campaign to  silence  dissidents, especially those with military backgrounds.The case of 26-year-old decorated Marine Brandon Raub who was targeted because of his Facebook posts, interrogated by government agents about his views on government corruption, arrested with no warning, labeled mentally ill for subscribing to so-called  conspiratorial  views about the government, detained against his will in a psych ward for standing by his views, and isolated from his family, friends and attorneys is a prime example of the government s war on veterans.Raub s case exposes the seedy underbelly of a governmental system that is targeting Americans especially military veterans for expressing their discontent over America s rapid transition to a police state. Via: Conservative Post ",0
16953,PUTIN ACCUSES U.S. Of Leaking Flight Path Of Russian Plane Shot Down By Turkey…Turkey Buying ISIS Oil,"Countdown until Obama is OUT OF OFFICE: 347 days 8 hours 29 minutes 30 secondsPresident Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia had given prior information to the United States of the flight path of the plane downed by Turkey on the Syrian border. The American side, which leads the coalition that Turkey belongs to, knew about the location and time of our planes  flights, and we were hit exactly there and at that time,  Putin said at a joint press conference with French counterpart Francois Hollande in the Kremlin. Putin said the Russians had given prior information to the U.S. of the flight path of the plane   but the U.S. had  leaked  the information to Turkey.Ahead of the Hollande talks, Putin and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan traded barbs, with the Russian leader saying he was waiting for an apology and Erdogan ruling out any such move.President Recep Tayyip Erdogan says Turkey s right to protect its borders must be respected, after the military shot down a Russian plane on the Syrian border for allegedly violating its airspace.Putin on Thursday dismissed as  rubbish  Turkey s claim that it would not have shot down the jet if it had known it was Russian. They [our planes] have identification signs and these are well visible,  Putin said.  Instead of [ ] ensuring this never happens again, we are hearing unintelligible explanations and statements that there is nothing to apologise about. Putin has also accused Turkey of buying oil from the Islamic State jihadist group, whose financing heavily relies on the sale of energy resources.Putin said there was  no doubt  that oil from  terrorist-controlled  territory in Syria was making its way across the border into Turkey. We see from the sky where these vehicles [carrying oil] are going,  Putin said.  They are going to Turkey day and night. These barrels are not only carrying oil but also the blood of our citizens because with this money terrorists buy weapons and ammunition and then organise bloody attacks,  he added.Via: Yahoo",0
16954,ISIS Releases New Video Making Clear Their Mission Is To Honor Islamic Faith And Destroy Non-Believers…Obama: “ISIL is not Islamic”,"ISIS released a new video yesterday, where they threatened America and every other country they identify as the  infidel.  Meanwhile, we have a  Commander In Chief  who still refuses to identify them as  terrorists  or admit ISIS is actually fighting a holy war.I don t know maybe we re misunderstanding their message, but we re pretty sure they mention several times throughout the video that they are fighting a war for Allah Their latest video is pretty repulsive and we don t normally share their propaganda, but we thought is was worth viewing, given our  President s  insistence on convincing the world that  ISIL is not Islamic. Here s the  JV team s  latest video. You be the judge.  Are these evil beings waging a holy war, or are they as Obama said only two days ago, just  bad guys with guns and good social media?  Here s what Obama has to say about  ISIL  in 2014:Do you ever wonder why Barack Obama refers to ISIS as  ISIL  when every terror expert refers to them as  ISIS?  Click HERE for the entire story.",0
16955,“Get Out Of Your Trucks And Run Away”…OBAMA’S MILITARY Gives 45 Minute Warning To ISIS Before Bombing Oil Tankers,"Why would any sane person choose to enlist in our military when we don t even have a Commander In Chief who is fighting this war to win?  Last week, in the wake of Russian and US airstrikes on ISIS oil convoys, we asked three important questions:Who are the commodity trading firms that have been so generously buying millions of smuggled oil barrels procured by the Islamic State at massive discounts to market, and then reselling them to other interested parties? In other words, who are the middlemen?Can it possibly be true, as officials now claim, that the Obama administration refrained from bombing Islamic State oil trucks because Washington thought the group was  only  making $100 million per year instead of $400 million?Is it likely, considering how cavalier the US is about collateral damage from drone strikes, that The Pentagon refused to take out Islamic State s revenue stream because the military was afraid of killing a few  innocent  truck drivers who by definition knew they were transporting illegal crude for a terrorist organization?The first question is, for now anyway, unanswerable. As to the second and third, here s what we said:Perhaps the US overestimated the effect its airstrikes were having on Islamic State s oil production capabilities and perhaps The Pentagon was concerned with killing innocent truck drivers, but it could also be that, as Sergei Lavrov suggested earlier this month, the US has until now intentionally avoided hitting ISIS where it hurts in order to keep them in the game and ensure they can still be effective at destabilizing Assad. If you cut off the oil trade, they lose the ability to battle the regime.Whatever the case, it s too late now, because just as Russian airstrikes and the Iranian ground presence forced the US to do something   anything   to prove to the world that America is serious about fighting terrorism, Moscow s targeting of ISIS oil convoys has forced the US to get on board (the Russians are going to hit them anyway, so there s no point in vacillating).American airstrikes reportedly destroyed 116 oil tanker trucks earlier this month and another 280 today in Paris mastermind Abdelhamid Abaaoud s former fiefdom of Deir ez-Zor.Of course the US would hate to catch ISIS off guard risk killing innocent truck drivers, so prior to the November 16 strike, US planes dropped leaflets warning the drivers to  get out of your trucks now, and run away from them.  Here s the leaflet (note the stick figures running for their lives):Here s some commentary from Colonel Steve Warren from Operation Inherent Resolve (delivered at a press conference earlier this month):Early Sunday morning in Al-Bukamal, which is the southern blue circle number two, you see two blue circles there. They both represent Tidal Wave II operations, but we re in the southern one   the one further towards the bottom of your screen, there.In Al-Bukamal, we destroyed 116 tanker trucks, which we believe will reduce ISIL s ability to transport its stolen oil products.This is our first strike against tanker trucks, and to minimize risks to civilians, we conducted a leaflet drop prior to the strike. We did a show of force, by   we had aircraft essentially buzz the trucks at low altitude.So, I do have copy of the leaflet, and I have got some videos, so why don t you pull the leaflet up. Let me take a look at it so I can talk about it.As you can see, it s a fairly simple leaflet, it says,  Get out of your trucks now, and run away from them.  A very simple message.And then, also,  Warning: airstrikes are coming. Oil trucks will be destroyed. Get away from your oil trucks immediately. Do not risk your life. And so, these are the leaflets that we dropped   about 45 minutes before the airstrikes actually began.And here s an amusing bit from the post-presser Q&A:Q: On Bob s question, too, if   if it s so important to cut off the oil shipments, the critical revenue source for ISIS, why did it take so long to take out 116 oil tanker trucks?COL. WARREN: No, that s a great question, Jim. Thanks for asking it.So, a little history on Operation Tidal Wave II. Initially, we, you know, we have been striking oil infrastructure targets since the very beginning of this operation.What we found out was that many of our strikes were only minimally effective. We would strike pieces of the oil infrastructure that were easily repaired.When we came to that realization, we conducted some more study   I think I talked about this last week, a little bit   we conducted some more study, and determined how to better strike the oil infrastructure itself, different pieces of the system.During the course of that study, we also determined that part of the illicit oil system, from the oil coming out of the ground at a   at a pump head, to the end of that chain, which is the distribution network.So, this is a decision that we had to make. We have not struck these trucks before. We assessed that these trucks, while although they are being used for operations that support ISIL, the truck drivers, themselves, probably not members of ISIL; they re probably just civilians. So we had to figure out a way around that. We re not in this business to kill civilians, we re in this business to stop ISIL   to defeat ISIL.So basically, it took the US 13 months to figure out that the best way to cripple Islamic State s oil trade was to bomb   the oil.To the extent that occurred to anyone previously, the idea was dismissed because the truck drivers are  probably not members of ISIL.  Well then who are they? Sure, they may not be suiting up in all black and firing RPGs at Toyota Corollas packed with  spies  for a propaganda video, but it s not like they don t know who they re working for.Also, as mentioned above, the US hasn t exactly been shy about engaging targets even when there are women, children, and bedridden hospital patients in the vicinity so it s hard to imagine that anyone at the Pentagon was worried about Islamic State s truck drivers.Whatever the case, the US is apprently set to give ISIS a 45 minute heads up when The Pentagon plans to bomb an oil convoy which we suppose makes sense.It s the least the CIA can do for an old friend. Via: Zero Hedge",0
16956,UNBELIEVABLE: OBAMA Stands Firm On Taking Random Refugees…Leaves Targeted Iraq And Afghan Interpreters Who Helped U.S. Troops Behind,"This isn t the first time Obama left an important figure behind in our war on terror. Remember Pakistani, Dr. Shakil Afridi who helped us to locate Osama Bin Laden, and was left behind to fend for himself? Today, Afridi is in solitary confinement at Peshawar Central Prison, a fortified red-brick remnant of Britain s colonial rule that is crammed with more than 2,000 inmates, ranging from petty thieves to Taliban assassins.Sami Kazikhani once risked his life serving alongside U.S. Marines in Afghanistan, but now he, his wife and their young daughter find themselves sleeping in refugee camps and the unfamiliar streets of Europe as they desperately seek a new life in America.Marked for death in his homeland after being outed as a  collaborator  in a dramatic incident at a family wedding, Kazikhani, who was lauded by Marines he once served, was forced to flee last year even while he was applying for safe passage to the U.S. with his wife Yasmiin and infant daughter Roxanna under a special visa program designed for those who served our troops. With tribal elders ordering his death, Kazikhani fled first to Turkey, then made the dangerous trip across the Aegean Sea just weeks ago after being ordered out of Turkey. The trip was horrible,  Kazikhani, 30, told FoxNews.com from Germany, where he and his family are living with thousands of refugees.  We nearly drowned. We saw others who drowned. We were saved three times. Every time we had to jump into the boat with my daughter, I was sad. It made me cry. The only thing I ask is that they don t let me down,  he added.  That they give me the chance to do more for my new home.  Sami KazikhaniOnce in Greece, the family wandered north, sleeping on streets, along railroad tracks and in squalid refugee camps, he said. Everywhere we went, it was no good for us,  Kazikhani said.  Greece, Macedonia, Serbia. They all began to deport Afghans. Sami Kazikani once risked his life serving alongside U.S. Marines in Afghanistan, but now he, his wife and their young daughter find themselves homeless in Europe.Now in Germany, Kazikhani awaits an asylum hearing on Dec. 4 that would allow him to live there, but fears the worst. I feared for my life in Afghanistan, but now I m more afraid of being deported without even knowing what is what,  he said.His supporters say he has more than earned a place in America for himself and his family. All coalition allies offer special visas for interpreters in Iraq and Afghanistan who served their troops, but the U.S. process is fraught with paperwork that can turn bureaucratic snarls into life and death for Afghans accused of being traitors and now actively hunted down by the Taliban, ISIS and Al Qaeda. Everywhere we went; it was no good for us. Greece. Macedonia. Serbia. They all began to deport Afghans,  Kazikani recently said to FoxNews.com. (Aaron and Marion Fleming) I became a translator because I wanted to serve my country and because I was able to speak English,  Kazikhani told FoxNews.com in an interview conducted via Facebook Messenger.  I thought I could also be helpful to the coalition forces as well. But there were many who absolutely did not like the people who worked with NATO,  he said.  Especially interpreters. One former Marine who served shoulder-to-shoulder with Kazikhani is trying to make sure the U.S. pays its debt to Kazikhani. All we are trying to get for him is a verification of employment so we can finish the visa process, but the [U.S.] government is not doing anything,  said former Marine counter-intelligence officer Aaron Fleming, who worked with Kazikhani in Afghanistan and praised his commitment to American troops.Fleming is working with No One Left Behind,, a nonprofit founded by Matt Zeller, a former U.S. Army Intelligence officer who fought to bring to the U.S. a translator who saved his life in Afghanistan. He worries that Kazikhani may not even be safe in refugee camps.Via: FOX News",0
16957,WOW! OBAMA MEDIA ALLY EXPOSES HUGE LIE: Why Obama Regime “Cooked” Intel On ISIS [VIDEO],"President Obama on ISIS: They re  a bunch of killers with good social media. They are dangerous and they ve caused great hardship to   an overwhelming majority of people.  Really Barry?  They ve caused a great hardship?  When someone you love has their head chopped off, or they re burned alive, or nailed to a cross and tortured, or when one of your young daughters is raped repeatedly and then taken away in a cage to be sold to the highest bidding Muslim pedophile as a sex slave do you call that a  hardship?  Because the rest of America calls it an evil that needs to be exterminated. And guess what Barry? We hired you to protect and defend the citizens of the United States from all enemies, foreign and domestic. We didn t hire you to start a war within our own country by manipulating our young sons and daughters in colleges and universities across America. Where did you get the idea that your top priority as our Commander in Chief was to divide our nation down lines of race and social class? Even the mainstream media is not going to sit back and allow you to lie about our enemies or skew intelligence to hide the fact you are a weak and incompetent leader. The idea that the NYT s would actually expose your lies makes us fear that the situation is even worse than what is being reported.Richard Haas, an American diplomat and president of the Council on Foreign Relations, said on Monday there are serious implications if a recent New York Times report suggesting the Obama administration  cooked  intel on the Islamic State turns out to be true. I hope it s not true. I hope it s not true,  Haas said.  The principle requirement of intelligence analysts is to speak truth to power. It s not to make them comfortable, it s to make them smart and aware. He continued,  If it is true, it d be very interesting to know exactly where the pressure is coming from because it s corrosive. It means you can t then trust what policy is based on. So it is truly, truly a bad thing if, again, it is true.  Via: The BlazeMore from the New York Times report:The Pentagon s inspector general is investigating allegations that military officials have skewed intelligence assessments about the United States-led campaign in Iraq against the Islamic State to provide a more optimistic account of progress, according to several officials familiar with the inquiry.The investigation began after at least one civilian Defense Intelligence Agency analyst told the authorities that he had evidence that officials at United States Central Command   the military headquarters overseeing the American bombing campaign and other efforts against the Islamic State   were improperly reworking the conclusions of intelligence assessments prepared for policy makers, including President Obama, the government officials said.Fuller details of the claims were not available, including when the assessments were said to have been altered and who at Central Command, or Centcom, the analyst said was responsible. The officials, speaking only on the condition of anonymity about classified matters, said that the recently opened investigation focused on whether military officials had changed the conclusions of draft intelligence assessments during a review process and then passed them on.Haas also criticized the White House for downplaying the challenge of defeating the Islamic State in the face of the deadly Paris terrorist attacks.",0
16958,PROOF THAT TRUMP WAS DEAD ON: NJ Rooftop Parties Watched And Celebrated On 9/11,"Donald Trump was right again! This is yet another example of the media distorting or just not telling the truth. Several news sources have slammed Trump and said he s lying about what happened on 9/11. Not only is this disturbing, but it brings into question so much more about 9/11.American Thinker s Ed Straker gets to the heart of the media s refusal to report on Muslim support for 9/11:Why does any of this matter? The media continue to try to paint Trump as a bigot. This all ties into the refugee question. If we admit more refugees, will some be sympathetic to terrorists? It s easy to get to  yes  if you know, as I do, that some here already support terrorism.Since our refugees come from other countries, not New Jersey, you would think the media would want to examine foreign Muslim support for radical Islam. You would think they would want to see these polls showing alarming percentages of foreign Muslims who support attacks on America. And have a look at this poll, which shows that 5% of Muslim Americans support radical Islam and 14% of American Muslims claim to have  no opinion  of radical Islam. Admitting more Muslims to America during this time of war exposes Americans to large and unwarranted risks.But this is not the question the media want to look at. They are only interested in Muslims in Jersey City, New Jersey. Perhaps they should look into the arrest of this Islamic bomber who lived in Jersey City, or how the Islamic Center of Jersey City promotes jihad, or the arrest of this West New Yorker (that s right next to Jersey City) who was providing support for ISIS.The Washington Post reported on September 18, 2001 one week after the 9/11 Islamic terror attacks, that the law enforcement officers were investigating people in Muslim enclaves of Jersey City, New Jersey who were seen the day of the attacks celebrating and holding rooftop parties to watch the aftermath of the attack on the Twin Towers unfold across the Hudson River in New York City. One of the Post s reporters later stated his sources were eyewitnesses and Jersey City police officers.The issue of Muslims in New Jersey celebrating the attacks was raised recently by leading Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.Excerpt from the Washington Post: The FBI investigation into the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon has led agents back to a familiar area: northern New Jersey. It was there, in Jersey City, just across the Hudson River from Manhattan, that a Muslim cell plotted the 1993 bombing of the twin towers and sought to destroy other New York landmarks as part of an urban guerrilla war against the United States. It is believed that 13 of those detained by federal authorities for questioning in its probe into the worst terrorist act in U.S. history are from northeastern New Jersey, some from the same Journal Square area where suspects in the 1993 bombing lived. In October 1995, Sheik Omar Abdel-Rahman, an Egyptian cleric who delivered fiery sermons at a run-down mosque in Jersey City, was convicted of directing the conspiracy to blow up the United Nations, an FBI building, and three bridges and tunnels linking New York and New Jersey. He was also convicted of being part of a plot to kill Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak. Sayyid Nosair of Jersey City and Cliffside Park was also charged in the 1990 killing of Rabbi Meir Kahane in Manhattan. The Kahane murder was the beginning of a series of militant acts by the Muslim cell that was encouraged by Abdel-Rahman, the group s spiritual leader. Jersey City, an urban enclave of 240,055 people that is home to one of the largest Arab populations among U.S. cities In Jersey City, within hours of two jetliners  plowing into the World Trade Center, law enforcement authorities detained and questioned a number of people who were allegedly seen celebrating the attacks and holding tailgate-style parties on rooftops while they watched the devastation on the other side of the river. H/t PowerlineJohn Hindraker at Powerline reported the Post article earlier Sunday and added that one of the reporters on the story, Serge F. Kovaleski, had informed a researcher, Irfan Khawaja, who was looking into whether Muslims in northern New Jersey had celebrated the 9/11 attacks that his sources for the report on Jersey City were Jersey City police officers.Then there is this follow-up from Irfan Khawaja in July 2004:In an email to me on Dec. 16, 2003, Kovaleski indicated that his information had come from the Jersey City Police Department, and that he had confirmed the JCPD s information via interviews of eyewitnesses of the celebration.I don t think Trump saw anyone celebrating in Jersey City on television, but I could be wrong about that. In any event, NPR, the New York Times and the Associated Press are simply wrong when they tell their audiences that there is no evidence of Muslims in America celebrating on September 11, and no contemporaneous news stories to that effect.Why does this happen? Are NPR, the Times and the AP incapable of using Google? Perhaps. But here is another possibility: note that the Times and the AP coyly limited their denials to news accounts of  mass cheering  or  mass celebrations  in Jersey City. I think they found the Washington Post story but preferred not to mention it. Instead, they deceived their readers by silently making the implicit judgment that  a number of people  are not a  mass. I think that these news outlets are so hysterically eager to discredit any concerns about Islam that they won t let something as minor as the facts get in their way. There is dishonesty here, but it is on the part of NPR, the New York Times and the Associated Press, not Donald Trump.Jersey City Longshot From The West: NO HATE HERE MOVE ALONG: ",0
16959,Labor Dept Throws Football Tailgate Party… Bans This Team’s Football Jersey,"We ve been over and over the reasons why the Washington Redskins name is not offensive. Even the American Indians who had everything to do with the name are saying it s a name to be proud of. Our most recent article on this topic:JUDGE ORDERS CANCELLATION OF REDSKINS TRADEMARK REGISTRATION   WASHINGTON REDSKIN S NEW STADIUM CONSTRUCTION HELD HOSTAGE BY PETTY OBAMA ADMINISTRATIONWhen the U.S. Labor Department s Center for Civil Rights wanted to celebrate its accomplishments last week, its managers threw the staff a football-themed tailgate party in the office parking lot.The invite, distributed across the agency s official email system, had all the rah-rah of a playoff game.  Celebrate a championship year!  it declared.Even the regular office dress policy was relaxed.  Show your team spirit and wear your favorite sports or club theme gear and come and enjoy tailgating favorites like dips, chili, chicken wings, nachos and more game-day grub,  the invite said.There was only stipulation: no Washington Redskins jerseys, paraphernalia or memorabilia. It has been respectfully requested that employees voluntarily refrain from wearing clothing or other sports memorabilia that promote Washington D.C. s professional football team, the Redskins, or other teams that use names, characters, etc. that may portray American Indians or other cultures in a derogatory manner,  an asterisk-marked note at the bottom of the invitation reader.An email from an office manager went into greater detail about the ban, while forwarding the invite. While I recognize the varying opinions surrounding the name of the Washington D.C. football team, as a civil rights office, I ask us all to be particularly sensitive to names, symbols, etc., that may be considered offensive based on race, ethnicity, sex, etc.,  the email read. Please join me in promoting an inclusive environment for all employees and be conscientious about how we represent our values as a civil rights office. The email included links to statements opposing the Redskins logo from the Society of American Indian Government Employees (SAIGE) and Blacks in Government (BIG).The two federal worker groups have asked the Office of Personnel Management to ban the use of the Redskins name or paraphernalia at government activities and to conduct training to educate federal workers on why the team name is  racially offensive. Read more: Washington Times",0
16960,"RUSSIA HAMMERS ISIS…Kills 600 Jihadis, As China Reportedly Join Forces With Putin To Wipe Out ISIS","Remember when the US had a President who took the lead in the war on terror? Russia has carried out a series of deadly airstrikes against the terrorist group and Vladimir Putin has now sent the country s most elite special forces team into the war zone.And speculation is heightening that offensive will be bolstered by the China s People s Liberation Army, following a number of reports of military movements in the region backed up by strong words from a senior government member at a United Nations meeting.Reports emanating from the Middle East last week said China was planning on joining the fight against ISIS  in the coming weeks , according to a Syrian army official.While Beijing insists it will abide by the United Nations (UN) in the region, hints of an action were backed up when it spoke strongly about a coordinated response to the rising terrorist threat.Speaking of the Syrian crisis China s foreign minister Wang Yi said at the UN Security Council session in New York:  The world cannot afford to stand by and look on with folded arms, but must also not arbitrarily interfere. He added that nations should stand united against  violent extremist ideology .Mr Wang and his opposite number in Russia, Sergey Lavrov met at length last week and afterwards Mr Lavrov said the two countries are in  similar positions  on many domestic and international issues.China has also shown solidarity with Syria, joining Russia in vetoeing UN proposals against Bashar al-Assad, which are likely to prevent him being referred by the council to the International Criminal Court.The latest actions at the UN conference have come amid reports, citing key military sources, Chinese warships have made their way to Syrian shores through the Suez Canal.It was said China s J-15 warplanes would launch from an aircraft carrier for attacks on ISIS.Russian media followed that up by quoting Igor Morozov, a member of the Russian Federation Committee on International Affairs, confirming Chinese aircraft carrier, Lianoning, and a guided missile cruiser were heading to the area, and adding Chinese military advisers were already in the region.Mr Morozov said:  It is known that China has joined our military operation in Syria. The Chinese cruiser has already entered the Mediterranean, followed by its aircraft carrier. These reports have not been verified by China and satellite images show the Syrian port of Tartus, currently empty.However, China come under threat from ISIS in recent months increasing the theory an attack is in the pipeline. Via: Express UK",0
16961,SAY WHAT? Obama Gives Go Ahead For New UN “Regional Hub” In Washington DC…What They Plan To Use Center For Is Disturbing,"If seven years ago, someone told Americans that the UN would be allowed to place a  Regional Hub  in our nations Capitol, they would have been dismissed as a  tin foil  conspiracy theorist. But then, who would ve imagined that it was possible we d have an anti-American community organizer as the President of our United States of America?EXCLUSIVE: The chief United Nations human rights agency, with the Obama administration s apparent blessing, is creating a new  regional hub  for itself in Washington, to use as a center for organizing against the death penalty, among other things, and for affecting the legal frameworks, policies, and strategies of American counterterrorism.In a management plan covering its activities through 2017, the agency, known as the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, or OHCHR, puts the U.S. in the same category for that counterterrorism  alignment  effort as countries like Iraq and Uganda.The fast-tracked human rights  hub  also has a number of more nebulous  thematic  objectives for the U.S., which include, according to an OHCHR information document,  the establishment of national participatory bodies for reporting and implementing recommendations of human rights mechanisms  and the aim of  widening the democratic space  with the aid of undefined  National Human Rights Institutions. It may also involve, as OHCHR notes in its management plan,  increasing advocacy for ratification of human rights treaties and withdrawal of treaty reservations    meaning exceptional carve-outs that nations   including those like the U.S., with a federal division of power   can make to limit their acceptance of international agreements.In the case of the death penalty, for example, U.S. refusal to join in a U.N- sponsored global moratorium is based on the fact that such criminal justice measures also are the responsibilities of individual states.Nonetheless, as OHCHR s management plan notes,  in addition to global efforts to abolish the death penalty by 2017, OHCHR expects to have contributed to a moratorium on the application of the death penalty or pending a moratorium, increased compliance with relevant international human rights obligations in countries such as Iraq, Kenya, Liberia, Libya, Palestine, Papua New Guinea, Somalia, South Sudan, the United States of America and other countries in Asia and the Americas. The OHCHR puts the U.S. in the same category for its counterterrorism  alignment  effort as countries like Iraq and Uganda.All of those themes, along with OHCHR s view of itself as  the principal advocate for human rights within the U.N. system,  seem likely to bring the U.S. into closer proximity to the U.N. s tangled, proliferating and often sweepingly contradictory notions of international human rights law   and also, perhaps, to the notoriously dictatorship-riddled, 47-member U.N. Human Rights Council.Among other things, the Council, which has been far more enthusiastic about condemning alleged human rights transgressions in Israel than in any other nation, creates mandates for OHCHR, which also serves as the Council s bureaucratic support.The Obama administration reversed the policies of George W. Bush to join the Council in 2009, and served consecutive three-year terms that ended last month, claiming victories during that time in focusing the Council on gay rights and criticism of human rights practices in North Korea and Iran.While no longer on the Council, the administration now seems comfortable with bringing the U.N. s human rights approach into closer contact with U.S. legislators, lobbyists, human rights activists and, perhaps most importantly, financial appropriators, before it leaves office at the end of next year.Indeed, the OHCHR  hub    which will cover not just the U.S. but  North America and the English-speaking Caribbean    already has a warm advance welcome from the administration that also seems aimed at letting the new U.N. outpost arrive smoothly under Washington s political radar.Last month U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. in Geneva, Pamela Hamamoto, wrote to tell the aggressively expanding human rights body that it didn t need any additional legal agreement to establish the Washington hub, complete with full legal privileges and immunities, since it already is covered by legal agreements for the U.N. headquarters in New York, where OHCHR maintains a strong presence.If OHCHR felt otherwise, Hamamoto said on behalf of the administration,  we would be happy to discuss alternative ways in which we might accommodate OHCHR s specific requests. On the surface, the hub is part of a sweeping  Change Initiative  being promoted by the U.N. High Commissioner, Zeid Ra ad Al Hussein, which aims at decentralizing the Geneva-based organization, extending its outreach and human rights monitoring capability, and ostensibly improving its efficiency through, among other things, concentration on eight global hubs as focuses of activity.As it happens, the initiative is not that much of a change: six of the hubs already exist, including one in Panama City for Latin America. The only new ones are intended for Washington and Istanbul.According to Zeid, the initiative would mostly involve the reshuffling of existing personnel   shipping them away from Geneva headquarters, where more than half of the agency s roughly 1,100 staff is located. Zeid says that exercise, including the establishment of the new Washington venue, would be  revenue neutral. That assumption, however, was received skeptically by the U.N. s chief financial oversight committee, which called the calculation  preliminary,  and recommended against approving the restructuring until Zeid came back with a  clear and detailed proposal  with a lot more detail.Recommendations of the committee are usually adopted uncritically by the U.N. General Assembly s Fifth Committee, which approves financial measures.But Zeid has been lobbying the Fifth Committee energetically to break that tradition in his case   in part because, as OHCHR s fact sheet observes, the 2016-2017 budget that the advisory committee was assessing  will cover the majority of the remainder of the High Commissioner s [four-year] term of appointment.  (Zeid was appointed in 2014.)The issue came up in so-called  informal    meaning closed   discussions of the Fifth Committee earlier this week. Questions from Fox News to Zeid s spokesman about the discussions went unanswered.Questions to the State Department from Fox News about the issue were referred to the U.S. Mission to the U.N., headed by Ambassador Samantha Power.Questions from Fox News to the Mission about the discussion, and the overall U.S. government view of the hub, were not answered.Beyond the fact that his career clock is ticking, another reason for Zeid s gung-ho approach to the hub could be the possibility that no future U.S. President will be as enthusiastically multilateral as Barack Obama, giving a now-or-never urgency to the chance to bring the U.S. further under the U.N. human rights umbrella.And yet another reason might be that the reorganization could coincidentally help to bring down the curtain on a sensitive political problem for Zeid.As part of the Change Initiative, he has announced that one of OHCHR s important units, the Field Operations and Technical Cooperation Division, which deals with human rights issues at the country level and also incorporates human rights observation of U.N. peacekeeping operations, will be disbanded in Geneva and pieced off to the hubs.That division is headed by Anders Kompass, the senior human rights officer who kicked up a firestorm when he passed on an unredacted human rights report about alleged sexual abuse of children by non-U.N. peacekeepers in the Central African Republic to French authorities.For entire story: FOX News",0
16962,BREAKING: Major Health Insurance Carrier May Pull Out Of Obamacare…Expects To Lose Over $200 Million in 2016 Alone,"It turns out the words  affordable  and  care  were both horrendous lies pushed by the Left in order to prop up the most dangerous man to every occupy our Oval Office.If you like your insurance carrier, you can keep your insurance carrier. The nation s largest provider of health insurance announced this morning that it may choose to stop offering individual coverage after 2016, and will  pull back on its marketing efforts  immediately in this market. If the losses continue and United pulls out of next year s exchanges, it will set up a very bad moment for ObamaCare   and for Democrats just weeks before the election:UnitedHealth Group (NYSE: UNH) today reported revised expectations for 2015, reflecting a continuing deterioration in individual exchange-compliant product performance, and provided an initial outlook for 2016. In recent weeks, growth expectations for individual exchange participation have tempered industrywide, co-operatives have failed, and market data has signaled higher risks and more difficulties while our own claims experience has deteriorated, so we are taking this proactive step,  said Stephen J. Hemsley, chief executive officer of UnitedHealth Group.  We continue to be pleased with the growth and overall performance of our Company outside of the individual exchange products and look forward to strong, positive and broad based earnings growth across our enterprise in 2016.   UnitedHealthcare has pulled back on its marketing efforts for individual exchange products in 2016. The Company is evaluating the viability of the insurance exchange product segment and will determine during the first half of 2016 to what extent it can continue to serve the public exchange markets in 2017.Don t kid yourselves. If United is going to  pull back  on marketing efforts for 2016, it s because they don t see themselves being in the market in 2017. Just by announcing it, United has set up the expectation of withdrawal for investors, who do not want to have good money chasing after bad.Assuming nothing changes in the fiscal model   and after three years, it s not likely to suddenly improve   that would create a huge gap in choice for many Americans in the next open enrollment period. That would normally begin in October 2016, unless HHS decides to delay it, as they did ahead of the 2014 elections. Many voters will suddenly find their coverage expired, forced to choose another plan from a smaller list of options, all of which will no doubt become even more expensive for everyone thanks to the decline in competition. It s going to act like a bombshell on the election, especially for Democrats running to hold seats in Congress, and perhaps even in the presidential election.Philip Klein explains why prices will move even higher than usual:The year 2017 is significant for insurers, because that s the year when several programs designed to mitigate risk for insurers through federal backstops go away. The hope was that those programs would act as training wheels for Obamacare in its first few years of implementation, but after that, the insurers were supposed to be able to thrive on their own. UnitedHealth s statement suggests otherwise.If UnitedHealth and other insurers decide to exit, remaining insurers will be forced to take on even more high-risk enrollees, prompting them to either raise rates further or exit themselves. That in turn would deprive individuals of choices and remove competition, a key purpose of the exchanges. Klein sat in on a United conference call this morning, and got the scope of the losses:UnitedHealth expects to lose over $200 million on Obamacare in 2016 alone  Philip Klein (@philipaklein) November 19, 2015So don t expect United to suddenly see a reason to get back into the 2017 market, not without hefty risk-corridor subsidies   which under any other circumstances would be called  corporate welfare.  Given that Congress isn t likely to reverse course and underwrite ObamaCare losses, the path to the exit remains the likely course for United, and perhaps some of its competitors, too.United says it will remain committed to its Medicaid and Medicare businesses, and of course it will stick with its employer-based group coverage, where the issues of ObamaCare regulation have less impact. But this is a reversal for United on the individual markets, as Forbes  Bruce Japsen points out. Just last month, United s CEO declared that they still considered this a growth market.United has discovered that the trade-offs in mandates and forced coverage don t pay off. It s a bait-and-switch for insurers by the Obama administration, but it s even worse of a bait-and-switch for consumers. In my column today for The Fiscal Times, I argue that the financial model of ObamaCare has left consumers with a fistful of broken promises, and the worst of both worlds.Via:Hot Air ",0
16963,BREAKING: HOUSE Votes “Yes” On American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act…But What Does That Really Mean For Our Nation’s Security?,"As the House moves closer to actually representing the will of We The People with this vote, what does it really mean in terms of stopping the bleed of Muslim men (Syrian refugees) into our country?The American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act that was approved by the US House this afternoon will not prohibit Syrian Refugees (Muslim males) from entering our country. It just ensures they are being more carefully screened. Congress needs to act NOW to stop the flow of potential terrorists and mostly military age Muslim men who have been conditioned to hating America for their entire lives into our country.The House of Representatives has approved legislation that would make it even more difficult for refugees from Syria and Iraq to enter the United States.Our Imperial President, Barack Hussein Obama has already said he ll veto the bill With almost unanimous support from Republicans and 47 Democrats supporting, the House approved by 289 votes to 137 the American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act, which would require the secretary of homeland security, the FBI director and the director of national intelligence to each certify that a refugee was not a threat to national security before they were admitted to the United States.This certification would come on top of the preexisting extensive screening process for refugees seeking admittance to the United States, which currently takes over 18 months.The White House has already said the president will veto the legislation and both chief of staff Denis McDonough and secretary of homeland security Jeh Johnson were on Capitol Hill lobbying against the bill on Thursday. However, those efforts did not sway some Democratic skeptics.New York Democrat Sean Patrick Maloney told reporters that he thought the bill represented a simple improvement to the process.  The administration is required to certify many things under federal law, and I don t understand why the president couldn t direct the heads of these agencies within 24 hours of the completion of existing process to make this certification or not. It adds no new time. The New York congressman said  it is offensive to me that we would stigmatize refugees and make victims of people who have suffered so much already  and said he did not think the bill did that, unlike the reactions of many governors and Republican president candidates to the refugee issue. Instead, he insisted it represented a simple step to provide certification to the preexisting screening process.Democratic opponents of the bill such as representative Emanuel Cleaver of Missouri dismissed the legislation something simply designed to make people feel better. However, he noted that there had been a failure among politicians of both parties to acknowledge  the very legitimate and very real fear that s out there . In doing so, Cleaver echoed remarks made to reporters yesterday by Democratic senator Tim Kaine who complained that the Obama administration had not properly  explained [the vetting system for refugees] to the American public .Republicans were realistic about the bill s dim prospects of becoming law but saw it as an important step in raising public awareness of the refugee issue. Iowa congressman Steve King told the Guardian said that, while there was very little that Congress could pass that would avoid a veto, the bill  brings the public s attention to this .King said he thought the increased public attention would make it harder for Obama to veto the bill, which would also need to pass the Senate to become law, and might even make it possible for an Obama veto to be overridden by Congress. However, King thought that the focus on the refugee issue  missed the point  and there instead  we need to destroy the caliphates and defeat the ideology of Islamic jihad .King said:  It s the equivalent of going into emergency room with patients bleeding off of gurneys and going and getting a bucket and mop to mop it up instead of stopping the bleeding. His thoughts were echoed in part by Tim Huelskamp of Kansas, who noted that many of his constituents had been worried about whether Syrian refugees had been properly vetted since before the Paris attacks.The Kansas Republican saw this bill as prelude to a fight in December over the budget, seeing the possibility of attaching a rider on refugee policy to an appropriations (spending) bill.  I don t think the president is gonna shut government down to bring Syrian refugees into this country and that s the only way to get attention,  he said. Via: The Guardian",0
16964,“IN YOUR FACE”: OBAMA LAUNCHES NEW #RefugeesWelcome Twitter Campaign On Twitter,"Never mind that a new poll shows Americans oppose bringing Syrian Refugees to America by a 2-1 margin! Carry on King Barry to hell with the American people For five days a coordinated DC Media has been attacking as racists anyone opposed to President Obama s plan to resettle thousands of Syrians refugees here in America. A new poll shows that the emotional blackmail being hurled by both Obama and his DC Media allies has failed miserably. By nearly 2-to-1 (53% to 28%), Americans oppose the resettlement program.The Obama administration launched a hashtag last night to promote the concept of welcoming Syrian refugees into the United States after a growing number of governors proposed halting the program after the terrorist attacks in Paris.The White House debuted a hashtag on their Facebook page last night: #RefugeesWelcome Even as we intensify our efforts in coordination with our partners to take out ISIL, we cannot turn our backs on those most threatened by the terrorist group,  the message on the White House page read.A video on the page insisted that U.S. law enforcement officials were vetting each of the refugees before allowing them to settle in the United States.On the White House website, Deputy Assistant to the President for Homeland Security Amy Pope denounced Republicans for calling to block refugees in the country. The Administration rejects the flawed view that we can t ensure our own safety while also welcoming refugees desperately seeking their own safety,  she wrote.  The truth is: America can and must do both.  Via: Breitbart News",0
16965,BREAKING REPORT: Two Al Qaeda Terrorists Able To Enter U.S. As Refugees: “I wouldn’t be surprised if there were many more…”,"Our refugee resettlement program needs to bed stopped right now. We need to rethink and regroup on everything about it. The cost is HUGE but security is a big issue too. Here s one example :Two al Qaeda terrorists who had killed American soldiers were able to enter the country as refugees, according to a report released Wednesday from the House Homeland Security committee.Waad Ramadan Alwan and Mohanad Shareef Hammadi, two Iraqi refugees settled in Bowling Green, Kentucky, after killing American soldiers, whom they bragged about having  for lunch and dinner.  In 2010, they were caught handling weapons, including included a machine gun and a missile launcher, that they planned to smuggle to insurgents in Iraq. I wouldn t be surprised if there were many more than that,  said Rep. Michael McCaul (R., Texas), the chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security.  And these are trained terrorists in the art of bombmaking that are inside the United States; and quite frankly, from a homeland security perspective, that really concerns me. The committee s report found that the administration s refugee resettlement program proposal will have  a limited impact on alleviating the overall crisis but could have serious ramifications for U.S. homeland security. Jeh Johnson, the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, admitted in October at a hearing before the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs committee that organizations such as the Islamic State might attempt to exploit the Syrian refugee resettlement program. It is true that we are not going to know a whole lot about the Syrians that come forth in this process,  he said.President Obama s refugee resettlement program is now under scrutiny after deadly terrorist attacks in Paris killed more than 120 people and left more than 300 injured on Friday. It is suspected that one of the terrorists entered the country as a refugee.In addition to these attacks, men in Minnesota were apprehended by the feds for trying to join the Islamic State. There is growing concern that the state would be a recruiting ground for the Islamic State because of its large community of Somali refugees.Read more: WFB",0
16966,ACTIVE DUTY SOLDIER’S Riveting Case Against Bringing Syrian Refugees To U.S. Goes Viral,"This soldier s story is shocking and heartbreaking, but serves as a serious warning about what we, as a nation are getting ourselves into if we bring hundreds of thousands of people to our country whose beliefs are diametrically opposed to ours. These are also people who have no intention of assimilating in our country, as their actions are justified as part of their faith I don t typically go on rants or express my political beliefs here (Facebook), but I just have to get this off my mind.As some of you know, I m active duty Army. Aside from that, I am a medic. I ve spent 3 years of my life overseas in both Afghanistan and Iraq. I ve seen some pretty atrocious sites caused by war, from both sides. I ve picked up blown up body parts of friends and I ve saved the lives of guys who were trying to kill me and my guys right before I was keeping them from their 72 virgins or whatever they believe awaits them on the other side.Here is an unbiased truthful view to the Syrian refugee situation.My first deployment to Iraq, in 2006, my unit voluntarily ran a childrens burn clinic outside of the FOB. It was a constant target for attacks. You would think that people wouldn t shoot mortars or rockets at their own children, but you would be wrong. We saw hundreds of children, from infants to 18 year olds. The overwhelming majority of the kids we saw (90% or better) were clear cases of abuse. These parents were literally dunking their kids in boiling water, or throwing hot chai at their kids faces  Yes, we re talking about babies, toddlers, kids not even old enough to understand why their parents would do these things to them. HUNDREDS of kids  We saw quite a few of these kids that were sexually abused, both girls and boys. Their parents acted if nothing was wrong with this, even when confronted by our doctors.This is the mentality of their society, not the viewpoint of a few individuals  these beliefs have been accepted to the vast majority of these people. Many were educated, well dressed, well spoken men, but yet, they still raped their own children, and kept chai boys (if you don t know what that means, google it.)During that deployment, we also captured the 3rd largest EFP cache that had ever been captured. There were hundreds of copper plates, homemade explosives, fake curbs to house the EFP s, hundreds of mortars and rockets and howitzer rounds, even an anti-aircraft gun. All of these things came from one place, Syria. Almost every single IED or EFP we found or hit could be traced back to Syria  A lot of the terrorists we captured were from SYRIA  Imagine that.Fast forward a couple years, and I find myself in Helmand Province, in Afghanistan  We had a group of Afghani s that were paid to help guard our little mud hut in the middle of an Afghan village (I wasn t on a fob) These guys also kept a  chai boy  A boy, about 11 years old, who was there to serve these guys sexually. We heard him being sexually assaulted many times, but there was nothing we could do about it. We asked the police, the Afghan Army, and we were told the same thing every time . it s their culture, and accepted as the norm .Once again, we captured Syrian made explosives, weapons, and other items  We found Syrian passports during raids  And people out there want us to let these people into the US, with our kids, and near our wives. Near our schools, near our churches, synogogues, malls. Places where we should never have to fear being blown up, shot, kidnapped and tortured Don t forget what they did to the Egyptian Coptic Christians, or the Jordanian pilot  Don t forget about what they do to rape victims! They stone these women to death for being raped! They behead their own people. Do you think they will show mercy to you?Look at the rape statistics in Denmark, Sweden, Belgium. Facts don t lie  97% of rapes committed in Sweden were committed by Muslim immigrants  And you want 10,000 of these people here? Even if just 1% of these so called  refugees  were ISIS supporters or active ISIS terrorists, would that be acceptable to you?Chew on it  think about it. Take a good look at your kids or your wife and decide if the risk is worth taking. Feel free to share this if you want.-Christopher Allard, Facebook post Nov. 16, 2015Christopher Allard posted this plea (below) for donations to the Scania Burn Clinic on Nov. 18, 2015, as a follow up to his Facebook commentary (which has since been removed). If you re so inclined, he would appreciate your donations.A little follow-up for you guys and gals. First, let me thank you guys for sharing my story. I cannot tell you how much I appreciate the support. Second. I forgot about this, but there is a video on Youtube of the burn clinic that I mentioned. It s an old video and the quality isn t great but here it is. You can see me throughout the video: ",0
16967,RUDI GIULIANI: ‘ISIS Is An Obama Creation’ [Video],"Rudi gets it! The former mayor of New York speaks out on the horrible Obama foreign policy and how it created ISIS: This did not have to happen if our policies were different.  If President Obama had listened to Senator McCain and Senator Graham and a whole group of other people, and had set up a no-fly zone in Syria five years ago   if we had gone in and worked with the Syrian legitimate rebels  If we had not taken our troops out of Iraq and Afghanistan, ISIS never would have emerged. ISIS is filling a vacuum created by a vacuous foreign policy   ISIS is an Obama creation.  ",0
16968,MUSLIM REFUGEES GO ON HUNGER STRIKE: Demand $2000 Euros Per Month…What They Do Next Is More Outrageous…,"Hunger strikes for the oppressed seem to be all the rage, both at home and abroad The refugee crisis has many faces. Alongside the urgent need of many, there are also some who believe they can exploit this Culture of Welcoming to make shameless demands,  said Christian Ragger who represents the Carinthia branch of the Freedom Party of Austria in the regional parliament.He is making reference to events currently underway in St. Kanzian. On Tuesday 20 asylum seekers went on hunger strike because they were given residency permits, as the law provides for, and not passports, and because they are not receiving 2000 euros of pocket money each month.The most bizarre thing is that these  striking  asylum seekers also want to hold a press conference. They apparently assume that related reports in the media will ensure their demands are met. Via: APA",0
16969,BREAKING: House Republicans Work To Cut Off Federal Funding For Syrian Refugee Resettlement Program,"Time will tell how serious the House Republicans are about keeping our nation safe. Goodness knows it s the furthest thing from our  Climate Change Promoter In Chief s mind Following the deadly terrorist attacks in Paris, House Republicans are proposing to block federal funding for resettling Syrian refugees until a series of new conditions are met, Foreign Policy has learned.The growing momentum behind new legislation, still being drafted, sets up a future clash between the White House and Congress as the Obama administration seeks to offer residency to 10,000 Syrian refugees who currently live outside the conflict zone. Currently, 60 million people worldwide have been forced from their homes or are otherwise considered refugees   higher than at any other time in recorded history. An estimated six million to eight million displaced people are still in Syria, and more than four million Syrian refugees are in Jordan, Turkey, and Lebanon.The draft legislation, a copy of which was obtained by FP, is backed by Reps. Brian Babin, Lou Barletta, Diane Black, Mo Brooks, Jeff Duncan, John Duncan, Blake Farenthold, Louie Gohmert, Frank Guinta, Gregg Harper, Walter Jones, Steve King, Mike Pompeo, Mark Meadows, and Bill Posey. It would prevent funding for the resettlement of refugees from the Middle East and North Africa until authorities adopt  processes to ensure that refugee and related programs are not able to be co-opted by would-be terrorists.  Once those processes are in place, details of the security checks must be given to Congress in both classified and public forums, and the administration must establish a  longer-term monitoring process  to track refugees in the U.S.The 15 Republican lawmakers pushing the legislation aren t the only politicians looking to slam the brakes on Obama s resettlement program. The governors of 15 U.S. states have already said they would not allow Syrian refugees to live in their states. Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions (R) has proposed legislation to restrict U.S. funding for refugee resettlement and Kentucky Senator Rand Paul (R) has said he will introduce legislation to prevent Syrian refugees from obtaining U.S. visas.Additionally, House Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul plans to raise the issue of blocking Syrian refugee resettlement at a Tuesday meeting with fellow Republicans, according to two congressional sources.In a Monday letter to President Barack Obama, McCaul called on the White House to immediately  suspend  the admission of all additional Syrian refugees. The high-threat environment demands that we move forward with greater caution in order to protect the American people and to prevent terrorists from reaching our shores,  McCaul wrote.The rising opposition to assisting Syrian refugees is already alarming humanitarian organizations, which say that doing so defies America s long tradition of helping individuals fleeing persecution. A senior Obama administration official, speaking to FP on condition of anonymity, said security concerns about incoming refugees were unfounded   in large part because they undergo  the highest level  of scrutiny by intelligence and security government agencies. All refugees, including Syrians, are admitted only after successful completion of this stringent security screening regime,  the official said.Fears about taking in refugees spiked after a Syrian passport was found near the body of one of the assailants in the deadly Paris attacks that killed at least 129 people. Questions remain, however, over the identity of the attacker: French officials on Monday said he used a fake Syrian passport to travel to Europe through Greece and the Balkans. While his actual identity is unknown, the attacker is believed to have posed as a Syrian refugee to enter Europe through the Aegean Sea. Via:Foreign Policy",0
16970,AMERICA IS CLOSER TO BECOMING SWEDEN Than You Think…Don’t Believe Us? Watch This…,"These videos will shock you. When you think of Sweden, do you think of Muslim gangs roving the streets in  no-go zones  lobbing hand grenades at warring migrant tribes? Do you think of Muslim men raping so many Swedish women, girls, men and boys, that it has now earned the designation as the  rape capitol of the world? Do you think of children being taken from their homes for the crime of being homeschooled by their parents? Do you think of a nation of spoiled  everyone gets a trophy  children? Do you envision a nation where parenting your children is now considered  taboo? Sweden can be proud today to have shed its long standing reputation as  the most boring country in the world . The Nordic state finds itself in the grip of a terrifying crime wave instead, which even  new Swedes  describe as like  being back in Syria .Grenade attacks in multicultural paradise Malm  are now so commonplace the English-speaking media has all but stopped bothering to report them. Compounding the apparent disinterest in the descent of beautiful, historic Malm  into a third-world ghetto where native Swedes are very nearly in the minority, is a striking dearth of facts about what is actually going on there.Did you know that it s ILLEGAL to home school your child in Sweden? So much for tolerance. You must learn what the state teaches you or you will be severely punished.It s been called one of the worst cases of government abuse ever committed against a home schooling family: the abduction by Swedish authorities of Domenic Johansson, a happy, healthy, 7-year-old boy taken from his parents Christer and Annie Johansson in 2009 as they waited to leave Sweden on a flight to India.After the abduction, the Johanssons  story spread quickly on the Internet.But three years later, Domenic is still being kept from his parents, and Swedish authorities keep finding new reasons for why the child can t go home. This is about the most fundamental right you have. You have the right to your own children, or you should have,  Christer told CBN News during the first television interview he and his wife have given since their only child s abduction.In 2008, Christer and Annie were making plans to leave Sweden for humanitarian work in Annie s native India.They decided it would be best for Domenic to be home-schooled during the final months before their departure, rather than enroll him in public school.Christer says Sweden s Ministry of Education told him they could home-school, but local officials levied steep fines and threatened the couple to discourage them from doing so.Then, as the parents sat on a plane at Stockholm airport for their scheduled trip to India, police came aboard and took Domenic away. They took Domenic from the plane,  Christer recalled.  Then he threw up until they took him to ER. That s how severe the trauma is. If someone throws up so you have to take him to the hospital, that s severe. I have no clue what went on,  Annie added.  There was just a stampede. My child had no clue, and I have no clue still what s going on. I can just hear the screams of my child all the time. Sweden s liberal approach to parenting has bred a nation of ill-mannered brats, a leading expert has warned in a new book which calls on parents to seize back control of their families. David Eberhard, who was a prominent psychiatrist before becoming a writer, warns in his new book, How Children Took Power, that Swedish parents are now unwilling to discipline their children in any way. Swedes in 1979 became the first to adopt a total smacking ban. We live in a culture where so-called experts say that children are  competent  and the conclusion is that children should decide what to eat, what to wear, and when to go to bed,  he said.  If you have a dinner party, they never sit quietly. They interrupt. They re always in the centre, and the problem is that when they become young adults, they take with them the expectation that everything is centred around them, which makes them very disappointed. He points to Sweden s growing truancy rates, a rise in anxiety disorders, and the country s declining performance in international educational league tables, as the tangible results of its liberal parenting approach. They don t say thank you. They don t open doors. If you see them on the subway, they don t stand up for elderly people or pregnant women. Stricter parenting is a taboo in Sweden, let alone advocating a return to smacking, a ban on which he believes has  more to do with ideology than scientific evidence. It s very difficult to contradict. If you say I m putting forward a stricter way, then people think you re an idiot. Can you say #BlackLivesMatter movement?",0
16971,TED CRUZ Demands We Put Immediate Halt On Plans To Bring Refugees With Terror Ties To America,"Thank God America has people like Ted Cruz in our Senate, who are unafraid speak out against the enemy, and fight for the safety and security of our nation. Now, if we could only get our  Commander in Chief  to accurately identify and confront the enemy America must stand with our allies against the scourge of radical Islamic terrorism. This is an evil that does not discriminate between French, German or American, Christian, Muslim or Jew, soldier, football player, or concert goer. Their only goal is to murder those who do not submit to their vicious, totalitarian ideology. Our deepest condolences go out to our French allies, and I know the government of the United States stands by to offer any assistance necessary. We must now face the facts. Between the downing of the Russian jet over Egypt and this massive coordinated attack on Paris, we are seeing an unmistakable escalation of ISIS  ambitions and the scale of their terrorist attacks outside Syria and Iraq. Even as chaos rages in Paris, we need to take immediate, commonsense steps to preserve our own safety. We need to consult closely with our NATO allies who may be targeted for additional attacks. We need to immediately declare a halt to any plans to bring refugees that may have been infiltrated by ISIS to the United States. We need to redouble our efforts to prevent ISIS agents from penetrating our nation by other means. Such steps, however, are defensive reactions to an enemy that will continue to try to attack us until they succeed once again. We must immediately recognize that our enemy is not  violent extremism.  It is the radical Islamism that has declared jihad against the west. It will not be appeased by outreach or declarations of tolerance. It will not be deterred by targeted airstrikes with zero tolerance for civilian casualties, when the terrorists have such utter disregard for innocent life. We must make it crystal clear that affiliation with ISIS and related terrorist groups brings with it the undying enmity of America that it is, in effect, signing your own death warrant.    Ted Cruz ",0
16972,"FORMER CIA AGENT SAYS OBAMA WORKING WITH MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD: “to remove American power and influence, including military forces, from Islamic lands.”","Former CIA Agent, Clare Lopez has been ringing the alarm bells about the Islamic influence by members of Obama administration for quite some time now. [See video below.]Clare Lopez is a former CIA officer, and she is risking her professional career to call out President Barack Obama in the biggest way possible.Lopez is well respected in the intelligence community and worked in the Reagan White House. After two decades in the field with the CIA, and as an instructor for special forces and intelligence students, Lopez is now with the Center for Security Policy managing the counter-jihad and Shariah programs.Now, she is claiming Obama is why America has completely  switched sides  during the war on terrorism. America is now supporting the enemy, especially through the Muslim Brotherhood.Lopez has been unwilling to speak in public, but has confined with a few members of the House of Representatives her serious concerns about Obama s motivations about foreign policy decisions.Lopez noted that the war on terrorism has always been about stopping the spread of Shariah Islamic law, until Obama started to make major changes which clearly supported the Muslim Brotherhood s jihadist interests.She said the global war on terror had been an effort to  stay free of Shariah,  or repressive Islamic law, until the Obama administration began siding with such jihadist groups as the Muslim Brotherhood and its affiliates.The transition was easy for Obama, who already hates American values and principles as an ideologically radical Why the switch?Lopez explained, when the so-called Arab Spring appeared in late 2010,  It was time to bring down the secular Muslim rulers who did not enforce Islamic law. And America helped. And why would Obama want to do that?As she told WND earlier this month, Lopez believed the Muslim Brotherhood has thoroughly infiltrated the Obama administration and other branches of the federal government.She also came to the conclusion Obama had essentially the same goals in the Mideast as the late Osama bin Laden:  to remove American power and influence, including military forces, from Islamic lands. The former CIA operative said,  as Israel fought enemies on all sides to remain free, secure and Jewish, America began to move away from Israel and toward its Muslim enemies. And, as Iran moved inexorably toward a deliverable nuclear weapons capability, America helped. In addition, Lopez claims that the only reason Obama approved of the killing of Osama bin Laden is he simply couldn t ignore the chance without looking suspicious. The opportunity presented himself, and he  couldn t delay it any longer.  Via: Top Right NewsHere Is Clare Lopez in 2009 talking about the White House being infiltrated by Islamic Supporters:                      h/t Freedom Daily",0
16973,NEIL CAVUTO Gives A HUGE Reality Check To College Activist Who Wants Free College [Video],This is awesome! Cavuto rips into this activist big time! ,0
16974,GOVERNMENT SANTA CANDIDATE Gets Another Huge Endorsement… Just In Time For Christmas,"The USPS is drowning in debt, has lost every one of its life-lines and has mismanaged its funds for decades. No worries though, the US Postal Union is quite certain Socialist Santa Claus will fix everything Presidential hopeful Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) won the endorsement of the American Postal Workers Union on Thursday, giving the self-described democratic socialist a boost as he seeks more support from organized labor in the Democratic primary.APWU represents 200,000 U.S. Postal Service employees and retirees. It s the second major national union and member of the AFL-CIO labor federation to endorse Sanders over rival and Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton.Sanders  stands above all others as a true champion of postal workers and other workers throughout the country,  said Mark Dimondstein, the union s president, in a statement. The endorsement came from the union s 13-member executive board.The United States Postal Service (USPS) lost $5.5 billion last year. That is the eighth annual loss in a row and the third-highest ever. The only silver lining is that the loss was below the red-ink tsunami of $15.9 billion in 2012.Why does the federal government deliver the mail? Why does it have a monopoly over delivering the mail?Admittedly, the Postal Service is one of the few government programs with actual constitutional warrant. The Constitution authorizes Congress to establish post offices. And early American politicians rushed to take advantage of their opportunity, creating the Post Office Department in 1792.With politics rather than service as the post office s priority, Congress took the next step and approved the Private Express Statutes, which prevented anyone from competing with the government in delivering first-class mail. And Uncle Sam enforced his monopoly, fining would-be competitors, including celebrated libertarian author Lysander Spooner.The feds continue to prosecute anyone with the temerity to compete with the USPS, even threatening the Cub Scouts for once offering to deliver Christmas cards.Believing that Americans existed to serve the USPS left the system ill-equipped to adapt to changing circumstances. In 1971, Congress turned the Post Office Department into the semi-independent USPS. That removed its direct role in politics, but the USPS still is exempt from taxes and regulations, including local parking restrictions. Congress retained its control over postal policies and, of course, preserved the system s delivery monopoly.But banning competition could not preserve the postal market. The number of pieces of mail peaked in 2001 and continues to fall despite a rising population. Mail pieces dropped from 213 billion in 2006 to 155 billion last year, and the number is expected to decline to 130 billion by 2020. The USPS s last profitable year was 2006. Since then, losses have run between $2.8 billion and $15.9 billion. The Postal Service has maxed out its borrowing from Uncle Sam and missed four retiree program payments. With characteristic understatement, the Government Accountability Office observed,  Given its financial problems and outlook, USPS cannot support its current level of service and operations. The postal unions insist that nothing is wrong   at least, nothing that a federal bailout wouldn t solve. They reserve particular ire for the requirement that the USPS prefund workers  retirement. Had this rule not been in place, noted former postmaster general Patrick Donahoe, the Postal Service would have earned money last year.But prefunding protects taxpayers. Washington s unfunded (government) retirement liability is about $800 billion and growing every year. That no other agency is required to prefund is unfair to taxpayers, not the Postal Service, since every agency should have to set aside sufficient money to fulfill its financial promises. With the Postal Service earning too little to pay and with nothing left of its federal credit line, the USPS has defaulted four times over the last three years on its mandated contributions.Sanders has long been a vocal backer of a robust postal service, particularly during the postal reform debate of recent years. APWU views itself as fighting a battle against postal service privatization, and it counts the Vermont senator as perhaps its leading defender.As the postal service bleeds millions in losses   mostly due to unique funding mandates placed upon it by Congress   Sanders has staunchly opposed the closure of postal facilities and cuts in postal service, such as Saturday delivery. He is also a leading proponent of the concept of postal banking, which would allow post offices to provide small loans and compete with payday lenders. Postal banking is a top issue for APWU, and Sanders has sought to make it a campaign issue.In his statement, Dimondstein noted Sanders  long history of standing with workers on picket lines, as well as his support for a national $15 per hour minimum wage. Sanders spoke at a protest against Verizon last month that was held by the Communications Workers of America union, and he joined a Fight for $15 rally outside the U.S. Capitol building earlier this week.Via: Huffington Post ",0
16975,“GOOD-BYE SWEDEN”: How Muslim Violence…Porous Borders And Horrible Health Care Drove Swedish Blogger To U.S.A.,"This blogger s piece is a glimpse into the future of America. Unless we all find a way to stand together and stop Barack Obama and the Democrat party s fundamental transformation from happening we ll be looking for another country who cares more about its citizens than its immigrant population This is the last post on this blog. I am leaving Sweden for good shortly, and will no longer be following its descent from what was once the third most prosperous country in the world. Frankly, it s just too damn depressing.I was born and raised in Sweden, which leaves a cultural mark even though I moved to USA in the 1990s and have spent the better part of my adult life as an American. Coming back for a few years has been a shocking experience.When I was a child, Sweden was a dull yet very safe place to live. Yes, there was a heavy blanket of socialism and collectivist values covering everything, but there was a core of pragmatism beneath the redness. The intention and goal was always to benefit the citizens, even though they went about things in a backwards manner.Prime minister L fven Today, it s as if the inmates are running the asylum. The politicians are participating in a chicken race of  goodness  where everybody tries to one-up each other in caring for the citizens of OTHER countries while Swedish retirees, school children, handicapped and other vulnerable categories of people are thorougly ignored. Violence is exploding. Jihadist Trojan horses are flowing through the porous border along with the tens of thousands ID-less refugees.But what makes me the most pessimistic about Sweden s future is how the social fabric itself has been undermined.Now, to be clear, it is my opinion that modest immigration is healthy for society and beneficial for trade, cultural development and so forth. Protectionism as a concept is counter-productive, while free trade and the ability for skilled labor to go where they re in demand is beneficial for everyone.Having said that, what Sweden is doing is something completely different. The once homogenous population has been forever altered by a rapid and massive addition of people from vastly different cultures and value-systems. 26,8% of the population is now foreign-born or with at least one foreign-born parent, and the national census bureau estimates that some 150 000 per year will arrive to the country of just 9,8 million residents.There simply is no possible way to absorb and assimilate such volumes of people, period. Then you are merely creating ethnic enclaves, which due to incompatible language, culture and job skills become ghettos, which in turns brews crime, misery and extremism. Once the inflow has exceeded the capacity for absorbtion, further immigration only makes the problem worse.It s like someone having read that a cup of green tea per day is healthy, so they make it a policy to chug four gallons per day, every day. It s a good thing overdone to the extreme until it becomes toxic.Then you have the Swedish school system. There really is no nice way to put it; it s a complete disaster. The minister of education is a man-boy who spends his time making Youtube-videos showing heart-signs with his hands to boost school results, while university-level students can t read and comprehend the course literature.Education minister Gustav FridolinSince there is a delay in the changes in the school system, it is only in recent years the full impact of the knowledge-averse  progressive  school system is starting to be felt. Hard facts are largely irrelevant; the important thing is to sit in a group and discuss things until a consensus is reached. But with no hard facts to base the conclusions on, it becomes an exercise in futility because it s all random assumptions and opinions. As a university-level history student (!) was quoted as saying in newspaper Svenska Dagbladet the other day:  Why would all these dates matter? Who cares in what order things happened? That s not exactly fertile soil for creating the researchers and engineers of the future.Financially, Sweden is an oddity in that it never had its real estate correction when Lehman Bros went belly-up and the housing market everywhere in the West crashed. Sweden just kept steaming ahead, which means housing is ridiculously overinflated. In Stockholm, the real estate prices increased 19% and in Gothenburg 24% in the last 12 months alone   from an already sky-high level.Tear-down abandoned house from 1932 with small, unremarkable lot in the outskirts of Stockholm. Current bid: 7,5 million SEK, or close to $900,000.As a result, personal debt of the Swedish population is at an all-time high. To keep all this afloat the normal mortgage interest rates are at 2% with central bank Riksbanken at -0,25%, and yet a significant portion of the borrowers are hanging by a thread. If and when foreign banks and investors decide it s time to turn their backs on Sweden (as happened in the early 1990s) there s going to be a lot of pain.Then you have the financial obligations going forward. Like much of the western world, there is a demographic change where fewer tax-paying adults are to support a glut of retirees. What makes it especially dire for Sweden is that in addition to the old Swedes, there s also a ton of elderly immigrants that are granted  family visas  based on younger relatives having been granted asylum. They ve never paid a dime in taxes, yet enter the system with full benefits from day one. In theory, this would be made up for by the younger relatives working and paying taxes. Sadly, this is not the case; while ethnical Swedes have a 82% employment rate, immigrants only have 57% with non-Europeans coming in at just 51%.If Sweden was a person, it d be like the guy with three mortgages, seven maxed-out credit cards and four collection agencies chasing him that just signed a lease for a brand new BMW X6. Simply put, there s a lot of red ink in the future; it just hasn t been fully realized yet.Finally, there s the sorry state of the Swedish defense. After decades of constant slashing of the defense budget, the extent of Swedish ambition is to stall an invader for a week in a limited area. This with war raging in Europe, Russian missiles pointed at Sweden in Kaliningrad, and Russian submarines and bomber jets openly thumbing their nose at Sweden as they intrude on Swedish territory on a regular basis. The power vacuum in Scandinavia is so tangible you can almost hear a sucking sound as you fly over it. This, too, will require massive investments when the penny finally drops amongst Swedish politicians.So while I can t claim to be any kind of authority on macroeconomics or social predictive models, I see red lights across the board.In some ways, I d compare the country to a farm. Previously, Sweden acted like a sensible farmer and planted wheat here, carrots there, potatoes over there et cetera, by implementing free schooling, sound infrastructure investments, state-financed research and so forth. A few decades later, they reaped the rewards and climbed the prosperity ladder.In the late 1960s, this pragmatic line was abandoned as leftist idealist Olof Palme took over. But there was plenty to harvest from previous years, so Sweden continued to be the land of milk and honey for a good long while. Then things started drying up, and the process has been one of gradual erosion and decline since the 1990s.The famous Swedish health care system is a good example. 120 000 hospital beds in the late 1960s became 20 000 today. Cancer patients are put on waiting lists for months. Entire emergency wards shut down for summer. The crumbling Swedish railroad system is another symptom I examined in-depth last year. The aforementioned defense that now consist of about three fat generals and a rusty rifle (bullets withheld for budgetary reasons).A sensible farmer would see the problems for what they are and hurry to plant new seeds, so as to return to bountiful harvests of wheat, carrots, potatoes etc. Instead, the Swedish politicians goes by dogma and plants what they think SHOULD grow. So they plant M & Ms, hot dogs and pretzels. The results won t be fully evident for a few years yet, but as the last reserves of the old harvests are depleted, things will get  Interesting.From what I can see, there simply is no plausible scenario where these social tensions and future financial committments will not lead to a downward spiral of hardship and strife. I hope I m wrong. I really do, because I have friends and family I care about that will remain here to see it all play out.But I won t. I ll be back in the US being mad at Obama for being a lying scumbag. And if Trump manages to get elected in 2016? Whoo boy. A racist ignoramus who takes pride in the worst qualities of a cranky eight-year old should make George  Dumbo  Bush seem like Abe Lincoln by comparison. So every country has its problems. USA has its corrupt yokel in office, just as Sweden has Stefan L fven. Via: The Sweden Report ",0
16976,Governor-Elect Of Kentucky Tells The EPA To Go ‘Pound Sand’ – Cites 10th Amendment,States have rights too! We love the new conservative governor of Kentucky! He means business and it s about time someone stood up to the bloated and over regulated EPA! ,0
16977,BOOM! WATCH TED CRUZ School Pro-Gun Control Liberal On The 2nd Amendment,Just another reason conservatives love Ted Cruz .Share this with everyone ,0
16978,It’s Bad Enough Canadian Magazine Puts A Smiling Terrorist On Cover…Why Would They Ask Two Victims To Pose With Him?,"So who does Canada believe is the actual victim is here?Have you seen the cover of the new Maclean s magazine? That s Rinelle Harper sitting down   she s the Aboriginal woman who was attacked and left for dead in Winnipeg.She became a symbol for racist violence against Aboriginal women   though her alleged attacker was himself Aboriginal.That girl on the right is Amanda Lindhout. She was a waitress who decided she wanted to be a war reporter in Afghanistan, Iraq and Somalia; she was kidnapped by Muslim terrorists and tortured and raped repeatedly.So you ve got two innocent women who were brutalized by violence and would never hurt a fly.And then you ve got Omar Khadr standing behind them, with a huge grin on his face.Omar Khadr is a confessed, convicted Al Qaida terrorist. He plead guilty to five charges of war crimes. He murdered Sgt. Christopher Speer, leaving Tabitha Speer a widow, and their two children, Taryn and Tanner, fatherless.Omar Khadr has never renounced Al Qaida or said that he regrets what he did.Here s how Maclean s describes him, though: Omar Khadr was imprisoned in Guantanamo, captured in 2002 by American forces in Afghanistan and charged with war crimes. So, no mention of the murder he confessed to or his conviction for war crimes.Would Maclean s magazine put a smiling, chatty Paul Bernardo on their cover, and say,  he s suffered so deeply in prison   all because he was charged with crimes. Both are pathological murderers. Why the celebrity treatment?This isn t journalism.This is propaganda.Via: The Rebelh/t Weasel Zippers",0
16979,EVIL GEORGE SOROS vs HUNGARIAN PM: The Battle Over The Refugee Crisis In Europe Gets Ugly [Video],George Soros gets ugly with the name calling that s typical of the left. He praised the United Nations representative who called the Hungarian PM a  racist  and  xenophobe . Doesn t that sound familiar to anyone here in the US who s opposed to the illegal and legal immigrants flooding our Nation? Threatening the European and American  way of life  is serious and not to be dismissed by name calling. We have every right to want to preserve our traditions and culture. Soros has been behind so much of the chaos attributed to the effort to create a new world order and it should be every American s wish to NOT let that wish come true! ,0
16980,"ILLEGAL ALIENS DEMAND NEW BILL OF RIGHTS: To Include Citizenship, End Arrests And Free Health Care","Sounds great how about a new car?An immigrant-rights group proposed a  Bill of Rights  for illegal immigrants Thursday, demanding that Americans recognize there are millions already in the country who deserve health care, in-state tuition rates for college and a guarantee of citizenship in the long term.The list of demands runs 10 items long   the same as the U.S. Constitution s Bill of Rights   and also calls for an end to arrests and deportations for  all law-abiding undocumented Americans. The document was circulated by United We Stay, which is a group of illegal immigrants, first generation Americans and human rights activists pushing for changes to immigration law. We know we have human rights, even though our very presence is deemed illegal and our existence alien. Now we have our own Bill of Rights and we want it to be the framework for every immigration decision going forward from the local to the national level,  the group said in a statement announcing their demands.The 10 points include a demand that they be accorded respect; calls for citizenship rights and an immediate deferment of deportations; in-state tuition at public colleges;  wage equality ; medical care; and protection against deportation if illegal immigrants report a crime as a witness.The list also includes a specific demand for  compelled authorization of birth certificates for our U.S.-born children.  That appears to be pushback against the state of Texas, where officials have ruled that parents must present valid ID to get children s birth certificates   and have deemed the Mexican government s Matricula Consular ID card not to be acceptable as primary identification.A federal court has allowed that Texas policy to go into effect, ruling that there are questions about the reliability of the Mexican cards and that state officials have an interest in making sure only authorized relatives are able to get birth certificates.The list of rights begins with a protest against the terms  illegal  and  alien.  Immigrant-rights advocates say both terms are dehumanizing, and have offered  undocumented workers  or, in the case of United We Stand,  Undocumented Americans,  as their preferred term.The document is meant to serve as a goalpost for the ongoing immigration debate. Immigrant-rights groups had been gaining ground in recent years, with polls suggesting Americans were increasingly open to legalization.A legalization bill even passed the Senate in 2013   but Democrats, who controlled the chamber, never sent it to the GOP-run House for action.The issue then stalled last year after President Obama took unilateral action to grant a deportation amnesty to as many as 5 million of the estimated 12 million illegal immigrants in the U.S. Federal courts have put that amnesty on hold, but Mr. Obama s other policies stopping deportations for most illegal immigrants remain in place, which has effectively checked off one of the list of rights  demands. Via: Washington Times",0
16981,Detroit Suburb Elects First Muslim Majority City Council In America [VIDEO],"Michigan s Republican Governor, Rick Snyder is throwing out the welcome mat for an undisclosed number of Muslim refugees who will be dumped around the state. Meanwhile, Southeastern MI is watching another major city once rich in Polish tradition be turned into a mini Fallujah video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo playerThe reporter and all of the Muslims quoted in this news report herald the diversity of America s first Muslim majority city council,  the Hamtramck City Council is going to reflect diversity. What s diverse about a Muslim majority? Is the anything less diverse and more oppressive than Islamic law? What Muslim countries are diverse? Muslims won t even let Jews pray at the most holy of Jewish sites. Muslim countries under the sharia subjugate their religious minorities.The Polish flocked to Hamtramck in the 1900s and evidence of the city s Polish roots remain.However, over the last few decades a new wave of immigrants, primarily from the Middle East, South Asia and Southeastern Europe, has dramatically changed the face and culture of this community.Now, the Hamtramck City Council is going to reflect that diversity.Now, the Hamtramck City Council is going to reflect that diversity. We are very proud and we are very happy for that achievement, what we have done in this city, for our city,  said Jamal Alturki, a voter.Voters gave Abu Musa and Anam Miah another term in office. Saad Almasmari was elected for the first time. Now four of the six City Council members will be of Muslim faith.It s said to be the first majority Muslim City Council not only in Hamtramck but in the entire country. I think that sends a message not only to Hamtramck but throughout the region that people want their representation in offices,  Miah said. Via:Click on Detroit ",0
16982,18 REPUBLICAN SENATORS (Traitors) JOINED EVERY DEMOCRAT To Pass A One O’ Clock AM Vote Giving Obama A Blank Check,"Take action! CALL these 18 RINO s and ask them why they voted at 1 A.M. on Friday morning to give Obama a no-limit credit card. Let them know you ll be working to replace them in the next election! This past Friday at one o clock in the morning, 18 Senate Republicans joined all of the Democrats in voting to bust the budget caps and to completely suspend the national debt limit until March of 2017.These Republicans, led by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY), surrendered to President Obama and gave him an unlimited credit card for the remaining 15 months of his term.REPUBLICAN SENATORS: Lamar Alexander (R-TN) Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) John Barrasso (R-WY) Shelley Moore-Capito (R-WV) Thad Cochran (R-MS) Susan Collins (R-ME) John Cornyn (R-TX) Lindsey Graham (R-SC) Orrin Hatch (R-UT) Mark Kirk (R-IL) John McCain (R-AZ) Mitch McConnell (R-KY) Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) Pat Roberts (R-KS) Mike Rounds (R-SD) John Thune (R-SD) Thom Tillis (R-NC) Roger Wicker (R-MS)+ Every Democrat SenatorThis debt vote is significant because it is the 20th time in the past 10 months that the new Republican majority allowed a bill to pass that was supported by a majority of Democrats and opposed by a majority of Republicans.If you didn t know otherwise, you would think the Democrats still controlled the Senate. Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) was right when he said McConnell is  the most effective Democratic leader in modern times. It s no surprise that a new Gallup poll found that more Republican voters now view McConnell unfavorably (35%) than view him favorably (30%). Republicans are beginning to see that he doesn t share their values.Senator McConnell has broken so many promises and betrayed the party s core principles so often that more Democrats now approve of the Republican-controlled Congress (13%) than Republicans (9%).All of this is causing many Senate Republicans to question McConnell s leadership. Rather than looking out for their political interests, he continues to pressure them to support unpopular liberal legislation.TAKE ACTIONIf you have not cast your vote of no confidence against Senator McConnell, please click here to add your name.Also, please call the 18 Republicans who voted with all of the Democrats to give President Obama an unlimited credit card for the next 15 months.Click here for a list of their phone numbers.Tell them that you re disappointed in their vote and will be working to replace them with a true conservative.It s very important that these senators see strong opposition to their debt limit vote so they will be less inclined to betray us next time. They also need to better understand the political liability McConnell is for them.Thank you for standing strong for freedom.Ken Cuccinelli II President Senate Conservatives ActionVia: Senate Conservatives Action ",0
16983,REPORT: Americans With Six Figure Incomes Living in Government Housing,"Government waste and abuse runs rampant but this is maddening! The people who receive government housing are checked out in the beginning but then not after the first year. What kind of system is that? We have people making six figures living in government housing??? Unreal! HERE S AN EXAMPLE FROM ALABAMA:MOBILE, Ala.   A report by the Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development revealed this week that thousands of families across the country living in public housing are  overincome,  or making more income than qualifies them for taxpayer subsidized housing, including more than 800 in Alabama.According to the Department s report,  Public housing authorities provided public housing assistance to as many as 25,226 families whose income exceeded HUD s 2014 eligibility income limits. Of these 25,226 families, 17,761 had earned more than the qualifying amount for more than 1 year. HUD, however, only requires residents to prove their income falls under the income limit when they move into the housing, but not after. In 2004 the Department gave discretion to local public housing authorities whether or not they would enforce the income limits after a resident had moved in. The 15 housing authorities that [HUD] contacted choose to allow overincome families to reside in public housing. HUD did not encourage them to require overincome families to find housing in the unassisted market. In Alabama the report found 812 cases of these so-called  overincome  families and individuals living in subsidized housing.While some of the families overincome only exceeded the limit, which differs based on the location and size of family, by a few hundred dollars, others made tens of thousands. One case in Crenshaw County revealed a family income of $153,016 more than $119,000 over the limit.In all, there were 6 Alabama families or individuals found who have an annual income of more than $100,000 still living in taxpayer funded housing. I make minimum wage, and I wish I did make enough money to get my family out,  Mobile public housing resident Todrick Davis told WPMI.As a result of these overincome residents, the report states,  HUD did not assist as many low-income families in need of housing as it could have. In fact, the Inspector General concluded, HUD will pay $104.4 million over the next year for public housing units occupied by overincome families that otherwise could have been used to house low-income families.Via: Yellow Hammer",0
16984,WOW! KY Dem House Speaker Makes Insane Speech Following Crushing Defeat In Gov Race [Video],"State Reps Forced To Stand Awkwardly In BackgroundAt one point it appears as though someone approaches the two State Representatives who appear to be trapped behind the rambling, incoherent train wreck, Kentucy House Speaker and Democrat, Greg Stumbo and offers them an opportunity to get off the stage. This wealth accumulation in America has to cease.   Kentucky Republicans had a very good election day. Matt Bevin defeated Democrat Jack Conway to become only the second Republican Kentucky governor in four decades. Jenean Hampton won her quest for lieutenant governor, becoming the commonwealth s first African-American to hold a statewide office.  Rising Democratic star  State Auditor, Adam Edelen, was ousted by Republican state Rep. Mike Harmon, despite raising nearly $900,000 to Harmon s $37,000.Democrats held on to some seats, but the defeats were crushing in part because Conway was ahead in polling up to election day. With so many Democrats ousted from office or unable to win their campaigns, Kentucky House Speaker Greg Stumbo is one of the top-ranking Democrats still standing.He gave a speech that was striking for its odd content and rambling delivery. Flanked by state Reps. Martha Jane King and Jeff Greer, Stumbo discussed his thoughts on the political affiliation of Jesus and his view on what Scripture really is and how it influences politics. And the other thing I know is that if in fact the Bible is a book of parables, like I believe it is, think about this: Mary did not ride an elephant into Bethlehem that night,  he said to a restrained crowd.[ ] For entire story:The Federalist   h/t:Weasel ZippersHmmmm .I wonder where he got the idea America is beginning to think of the Democrats as the  Godless party? Maybe Conway missed the last DNC convention where the members voted to remove God from the platform:And then of course, there is Reverend Wright who preached hate and anything but the truth about God s love for all of his people to Barack Hussein Obama (the ultimate Democrat Community Organizer) for roughly 20 years: ",0
16985,“G#d d*mn America”: DISTURBING PHOTOS Illustrate Obama’s “Diplomacy” Failure In Iran,"Yes this massive protest against America just happened today! Thousands of Iranians burned the American flag and chanted slogans Wednesday as they marked the anniversary of the seizure of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran by militant students 36 years ago.The annual state-organized rally drew greater attention this year, as Iranian hard-liners look to counter moderate President Hassan Rouhani s outreach to the West following a landmark nuclear deal reached with world powers in July. An Iranian official also chose the occasion to announce the arrest of an unspecified number of allegedly pro-American writers.The hard-liners fear Rouhani s efforts to improve relations will pave the way for the United States to undermine and eventually dismantle the Islamic republic formed after the 1979 revolution.On Nov. 4, 1979, militant students stormed the U.S. Embassy compound and took 52 Americans hostage after Washington refused to hand over the toppled U.S.-backed shah, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, for trial in Iran. The students held the hostages for 444 days, and the two countries have had no diplomatic relations since then.Protesters on Wednesday carried placards reading  political and security penetration is forbidden.  They pumped their fists in the air, shouting  God damn America,  and  No compromise, no surrender to U.S. Others carried banners rejecting U.S. fast food chains McDonald s and Starbucks. Authorities recently closed a newly opened knock-off of KFC, saying it was unlicensed.Hard-liners view fast food outlets and other American products as part of a  cultural invasion  by the U.S. aimed at undermining Islamic rule and public morality.Foreign firms are poised to return to Iran following the lifting of international sanctions under the nuclear deal, but it remains unclear whether American brands will be allowed in.Iran s state TV showed similar demonstrations in other Iranian cities to mark the occasion, known as the  National Day against Global Arrogance. Wednesday s rally in Tehran also saw State Prosecutor Ebrahim Raeisi announce that the intelligence department of the elite Revolutionary Guard had detained a number of writers. The intelligence and security forces identified and cracked down on a network of penetration in media and cyberspace and detained spies and writers hired by Americans,  he told the rally, without elaborating. Under no circumstances will we allow penetration of Americans in economic, social and cultural areas,  he added.Iran has arrested a number of activists, journalists and artists since Rouhani s 2013 election and currently holds four Iranians with U.S. citizenship, including a Washington Post reporter. Analysts say the arrests are the work of hard-liners in the judiciary and the security forces. Via: AP News",0
16986,Is Obama’s BIG $72 BILLION DOLLAR BAILOUT of Puerto Rico On The Horizon Or Will It Become The 51st State? [Video],"Lets hope the Republicans can push back on this effort by Democrats to bail out the horribly mismanaged government in Puerto Rico. There s also been talk of making Puerto Rico the 51st state giving it the opportunity to declare bankruptcy under federal code. Read between the lines below and you ll know why the Dems want to give statehood to Puerto Rico: According to a report by the Congressional Research Service (CRS), if Puerto Rico were to become a state, based on a population of approximately 3.8 million, it would be entitled to at least six seats in the House of Representatives. As a state, they would, of course, receive two Senators. The island state would have the same number of electors as the state of Oregon. Puerto Rico would also qualify for bankruptcy under the federal code, a critical issue during the difficult economic situation which Puerto Rico finds itself in.The Obama administration   in particular the U.S. Treasury   has been under pressure for months from Democrats and Puerto Rican politicians to find a solution to the commonwealth s fiscal crisis.Puerto Rico s $72 billion of debt is the product of decades of mismanagement, profligate borrowing, a broken taxation system and recurring deficits:  Puerto Rico Bankrupt! from Kereakos Zuras on Vimeo.Its political leaders and various public institutions have hidden information from the capital markets and kicked the can down the road for as long as possible without undertaking real fiscal reforms. This is why an easy  solution  to the island s current situation does not exist outside the realm of a time machine.This, however, has not stopped the administration and Treasury from throwing a final Hail Mary.With the release of a somewhat vague plan that was outlined by Treasury Council Antonio Weiss and lobbied for by various Puerto Rican politicians at a Senate Energy & Natural Resources Committee, President Obama pressed Congress to give the entire Commonwealth of Puerto Rico the ability to file for Chapter 9 bankruptcy.The new proposal is being widely referred to as  Super Chapter 9,  in part because Chapter 9 currently can only be applied to municipalities and cities in the United States. The legislation would also go even further than the Puerto Rico bankruptcy bill currently before Congress.This deal will be a tough sell to a Republican Congress. Many conservative members have already balked at the idea of  bailing out  Puerto Rico with the more limited bankruptcy bill, and with good reason.Any bankruptcy bill for Puerto Rico would punish retirees whose pension funds invested in these bonds because they were tax-free, had strong security and were explicitly protected from Chapter 9. Conversely, it would reward Puerto Rico and its politicians for years of irresponsible spending and poor fiscal policy.Equally significant is the implication of this new type of Chapter 9 for American investors in the near-future. Illinois, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut are among the states with large unfunded liabilities facing fiscal crises   and the list is growing at an alarming speed. If Super Chapter 9 is granted for Puerto Rico, why wouldn t these states expect it?The negative consequences of all of this could be catastrophic for infrastructure investment in the United States. The roughly $3.5 trillion municipal debt market that funds the paving of highways, schools, hospitals, and police and fire stations has rested for decades on a set of rules and laws that made these bonds  safe  investments. The status of this designation has begun to crack since Detroit filed for Chapter 9 bankruptcy back in 2013.If suddenly it was put on the table that not only cities, but whole states, could write down their debts, with bondholders having no recourse, the effect would be to fundamentally undermine the municipal debt market. It would be akin to dropping a great white shark into a pool party   except, instead of swimmers, it would be retirees and other muni investors chaotically scrambling to safety and fleeing these investments, or else charging huge premiums to states to borrow money.The cost of those increased rates, of course, would be borne by the taxpayers in the form of an additional and unnecessary charge for keeping the infrastructure of their states viable.It should be inconceivable that a member of Congress from a state that has been reasonably responsible in managing its fiscal house would vote for this  super  chapter 9 approach. They would be essentially voting to raise taxes on their constituents to subsidize less responsible states, since the cost of borrowing for all states will go up dramatically if a few states threaten to take this new path. It is difficult to see how anyone could justify that back home.Read more: The Hill",0
16987,SO GOD MADE A PATRIOT: “I need a man who knows the fragility of liberty” [VIDEO], ,0
16988,DEMOCRAT CONGRESSWOMAN: Obama Is “Working Hand-In-Hand With Islamic Extremists…Should Not Be Sending Troops Into Harms Way” [VIDEO],"For anyone who s not paying attention to what s happening in the Middle East, she s talking about the reckless actions of the most dangerous man in the world Bill Maher tonight spoke with Democratic Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard about an issue they agree on: the frustrating refusal of President Obama to accept  Islamic extremism  as a global threat.Gabbard said it s  crazy  because it s important to  identify our enemy so that we can defeat them.  She said it s ridiculous to blame poverty or thrill-seeking because just giving someone a house won t solve the problem.Maher brought up how sensitive liberals are about the mere suggestion that certain Islamic beliefs are considered  barbaric  in the Western world. Gabbard agreed that this kind of liberal philosophy  gets in the way  of being able to address serious matters.https://youtu.be/yaGKCKPuEEYBill Maher tonight spoke with Democratic Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard about an issue they agree on: the frustrating refusal of President Obama to accept  Islamic extremism  as a global threat.Gabbard said it s  crazy  because it s important to  identify our enemy so that we can defeat them.  She said it s ridiculous to blame poverty or thrill-seeking because just giving someone a house won t solve the problem.Maher brought up how sensitive liberals are about the mere suggestion that certain Islamic beliefs are considered  barbaric  in the Western world. Gabbard agreed that this kind of liberal philosophy  gets in the way  of being able to address serious matters.Bill Maher Goes Off, Asks Dem Rep. Why Obama Won t Say  Islamic Extremism Gabbard recalled how she was treated, as a woman, when she went to Iraq, by soldiers the U.S. was trying to train, though it did have a happy ending. Via: Mediaite",0
16989,"[VIDEO] Obama Needed A Girl To Take Down Mitt Romney, But Mocks GOP Candidates: “They Can’t Handle Putin If They Can’t Handle CNBC”","Because Obama s doing such a great job keeping Putin in check right?  President Obama mocked Republican candidates who suggested they ll be tough with Vladimir Putin but  can t handle a bunch of CNBC moderators at a debate  during a speech on Monday.Obama stated,  Have you noticed that every one of these candidates say,  You know, Obama s weak, he s   people   Putin s kicking sand in his face, when I talk to Putin, he s going to straighten out. Just looking at him, I m going to   he s going to be ? And then it turns out, they can t handle a bunch of CNBC moderators at a debate.  Via: Breitbart News",0
16990,BREAKING: Leaked DHS Memo Tells Of Obama’s Plan To Defy Federal Court On Amnesty,"Let s face it, we have a president who s going rogue and defying the rule of law at every turn. This is not your mama s lame duck presidency, but a stealth effort to do everything possible to push the agenda at all costs. The big question is that if Obama continues to defy the rule of law like this, shouldn t Congress finally take action against him? Who ll stand up?   I ve got a pen and I ve got a phone. And I can use that pen to sign executive orders and take executive actions    King Obama A newly leaked internal DHS memorandum produced for an off-the-record agency conclave reveals that the Obama administration is actively planning to circumvent a federal court injunction that suspended part of last November s deferral-based amnesty initiative. The document, apparently prepared as follow-up from a DHS  Regulations Retreat  last summer, appears sure to re-ignite concerns in Congress as well as federal judges in the Fifth Circuit. The Administration has already been criticized from the bench for handing out work permits to hundreds of thousands of deferred action beneficiaries, in direct violation of a district court s order. With the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals deciding any day now whether to deny the Administration s request to reverse that injunction, this public leak has come at a critical juncture for U.S. enforcement policy. Last June, four months after Texas federal judge Andrew Hanen s order to freeze President s DAPA and Expanded DACA programs disclosure: the Immigration Reform Law Institute has filed briefs in these cases DHS s immigration policy makers apparently held a  Regulations Retreat  to discuss  different options  for  open market Employment Authorization Document (EAD) regulatory changes.  EAD is the statutory term for work permits. From a memo recording these discussions, we now know that the Obama DHS has, rather than pausing to allow the courts to assess the constitutionality of its enforcement nullification initiatives, been gearing up to roll out one or more of four plans drawn up at the meeting, each one designed to provide EADs to millions of nonimmigrants, including those lawfully present and visa overstayers, crippling the actual employment-based visa system on the federal statute-book. Read more: The Hill",0
16991,GOVERNMENT GONE WILD: NY Man Return From Hospital To Find His Home Demolished By City,"Can you imagine? This man goes for a knee replacement and returns home to find the city had demolished his house! Talk about big brother!  A Long Island town hall ordered the demolition of a local resident s house while he was recuperating from knee surgery in Florida. Philip Williams headed to Florida last December to escape the winter and undergo an operation. But by the time he returned home in August, his home in West Hempstead, Long Island had been razed to the ground. All that remained was an empty lot, covered in grass.  Speaking to CBS News, Mr Williams, who is 69, said:  You don t expect to leave and get surgery and come back to find everything gone. I m outraged. They shouldn t be able to do that. This was preventable. It s unjust and a tremendous disservice to me.  Neighbors complained to the local town officials that the house, which was built in the 1920s, was in poor condition and not properly maintained. The town sent a number of registered letters to Williams, but he claims he never saw any of them as he was in Florida recovering from surgery. He has instructed local lawyer Bradley Siegel to sue the town for compensation. The town claims it wrote to Williams in October and November, before he went to Florida for knee replacement surgery. He insists he never read the notices. Town spokeswoman Susan Trenkle-Pokalsky said:  Hempstead Town followed all proper procedures with regard to property owner notification relating to proceedings. The structure posed a danger to the public and was taken down in accordance with the law.  Williams denied that he had abandoned the house and said that it contained his late-wife s jewelry, personal possessions as well as trees that his parents had planted in the 1940s. Everything was removed from the site following the demolition. He said he wants an explanation from the town on why it knocked down his home and where his personal belongings now are. Social media users condemned Hempstead Town for its actions. One claimed it had made a major mistake:  Did they even bother to look if there was lien a foreclosure, civil case pending?  How hard is it to investigate the status of the owner?.  Hey Hempstead you just guaranteed this man a nice payout. Instead of Hempstead. He will be moving to harbor town soon enough.  Read more: Daily Mail",0
16992,ISIS TAKES RESPONSIBILITY For Downed Russian Jet And Releases Video But Russians Dismiss Claims,"THE PLOT THICKENS ISIS is claiming responsibility via Twitter for the Russian plane crash that killed 224 people. The pilot of the Russian plane had reported some difficulty before the crash so the  claim by ISIS is curious at best. They also released supposed video of the plane crashing (see below).  Please pray for the loved ones of the 224 people who died in this horrible crash. ISIS has claimed responsibility for destroying a Russian passenger jet in response to Vladimir Putin s decision to bomb Jihadi targets in Syria. The aircraft, which had 200 adult passengers, 17 children and seven crew crashed less than 25 minutes after it took off from the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh. The Irish-owned aircraft was leased by a Russian airline. It crashed in the Hassana area, south of Arish. Security forces discovered the crash wreckage in a remote mountainous area in a region containing many ISIS-affiliated terrorists. VIDEO RELEASED BY ISIS: READ MORE: DAILY MAIL",0
16993,BIG BROTHER: IRS Using Secret Cellphone Tracking Systems,"This is Orwellian stuff The IRS is spying on you-how crazy is that? Secret cellphone tracking systems are being used by the IRS when they had previously been used only by law enforcement. Does this tell you anything more about how the IRS has gotten way too snoopy and way too political since they were caught red handed withholding tax exempt status from conservative groups. Two top senators are probing use by the Internal Revenue Service of secret cellphone tracking systems that are more often utilized by federal or local law enforcement agencies. IRS Commissioner John Koskinen admitted this week that the agency does use the technology, known as cell-site simulators, or StingRays. The admission came after a report by The Guardian that indicated the IRS has spent more than $71,000 to upgrade a version of the device and to receive training from a company that manufactures the devices. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley and ranking member Patrick Leahy on Thursday sent a letter to Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew demanding answers about the use of the technology by the IRS.  We were surprised to learn that IRS investigators may be using these devices,  Mr. Grassley, Iowa Republican, and Mr. Leahy, Vermont Democrat, wrote in the letter.  While the devices can be useful tools for identifying the location of a suspect s cell phone or identifying an unknown cell phone, we have previously expressed concerns about the privacy implications of these devices.  Read more: WT",0
16994,LAWLESS FEDS REFUSE To Hand Over Communications On Global Warming Junk Science To Republicans,"Oh, this is so ridiculous and so bogus that the  intimidated  researchers aren t handing over research documents and communications to the Republicans. If they want to preserve the  integrity of the scientific process  then they should be open and honest. Being secretive about results of research just shows the global warming scam is junk science they re trying to keep under wraps. The federal government s chief climate research agency is refusing to give House Republicans the detailed information they want on a controversial study on climate change. Citing confidentiality concerns and the integrity of the scientific process, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) said it won t give Rep. Lamar Smith (R-Texas) the research documents he subpoenaed. At the center of the controversy is a study that concluded there has not been a 15-year  pause  in global warming. Some NOAA scientists contributed to the report. Skeptics of climate change, including Smith, have cited the pause to insist that increased greenhouse gas emissions, mostly from burning fossil fuels, are not heating up the globe. Smith, the chairman of the House Science Committee, vehemently disagreed with the study s findings. He issued a subpoena for communications among the scientists and some data, leading to charges from Democrats that he was trying to intimidate the researchers. Late Tuesday, NOAA provided Smith with some more information about its methods and data but refused to give Smith everything he wanted. NOAA spokeswoman Ciaran Clayton said the internal communications are confidential and not related to what Smith is trying to find out. More recently, a famous physicist came out against the global warming scam: WOW! WORLD S TOP PHYSICIST AND DEMOCRAT: Obama Backs  Wrong Side  In War On  Climate Change , Follow The Money, Carbon Does Far More Good Than Harm Dr.Freeman Dyson, himself a longstanding Democrat voter, is especially disappointed by his chosen party s unscientific stance on the climate change issue. It s very sad that in this country, political opinion parted [people s views on climate change]. I m 100 per cent Democrat myself, and I like Obama. But he took the wrong side on this issue, and the Republicans took the right side. Part of the problem, he says, is the Democrats  conflation of  pollution  (a genuine problem) with  climate change  (a natural phenomenon quite beyond mankind s ability to control). Via: Gateway Pundit",0
16995,BREAKING: GOP Hands Speaker Gavel To Open Borders Republican Paul Ryan,"As a side note, Paul Ryan still needs 18 additional votes to ensure his new role as Speaker Of The House. The full House is expected to elect Ryan as Speaker in a formal floor vote Thursday morning, transferring the gavel from Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio), who is resigning Friday after a quarter century in Congress.Republicans on Wednesday rallied behind Rep. Paul Ryan to be the next Speaker of the House, declaring him the best candidate to turn the page and unify a fractured GOP conference.Ryan, a Wisconsin Republican and the 2012 vice presidential nominee, easily defeated his only rival for the top job, GOP Rep. Daniel Webster, a former Speaker in the Florida statehouse.Ryan routed Webster in a 200-43 vote during a closed-door conference meeting in the cavernous Ways and Means hearing room where Ryan now presides as committee chairman. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) received one vote, as did Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-Tenn.).Ryan will need 218 votes to be elected Speaker on the House floor. He is expected to receive more GOP votes now that he has won the conference election.Boehner in last year s election led his party to the largest House majority in generations, but he faced an uprising this fall from conservatives who threatened to oust him from power.For now, Ryan has support from most of the 40 members of the far-right Freedom Caucus, but he ll have to wrestle with the same conservative forces that pushed out his predecessor and scuttled McCarthy s own bid for the Speakership.Wednesday s internal vote came just hours after Ryan announced he would back a sweeping two-year deal that raises spending caps and the debt ceiling. Conservatives had urged him to oppose the pact because the White House, Boehner and other top congressional leaders negotiated it behind closed doors.But the agreement eliminates the possibility of a government shutdown or debt default through the 2016 elections. In a statement, Ryan said it gives Republicans a chance to  wipe the slate clean. House Republicans are eager for a fresh start after the turmoil that defined the Boehner era.As he s wooed his colleagues the past week, Ryan has said he s open to changes to internal rules and procedure that would give rank-and-file members more power to decide things like which bills come to the floor and who should serve on which committees. Last Friday, he told conservatives leaders that, unlike Boehner, he would not seek retribution against Republicans who buck GOP leadership.In a private candidates  forum Wednesday morning, Ryan told colleagues he wouldn t operate as  Caesar,  gesturing with a thumbs-up and a thumbs down   reenacting a scene from the action flick  Gladiator. He said,  I don t plan to be Caesar,  deciding the fate of everything from the Speaker s office, calling all the shots,  said Rep. Matt Salmon (R-Ariz.), a Freedom Caucus leader who is backing Ryan.Ryan s only competition for the job came from Webster, who received a dozen votes in his challenge to Boehner in the Speaker s race in January. But Webster rubbed some supporters the wrong way when he gave a short speech at the Wednesday forum, then refused to take questions and bolted out the door to attend another engagement.One former Webster supporter said the candidate sent a fundraising email to his wife, explaining that he s running for Speaker and imploring her to donate money. He won t ask for my vote but he s asking for money,  the GOP lawmaker quipped.By contrast, Ryan stayed at the candidate s forum for more than an hour, fielding questions from dozens of his colleagues until they had nothing left to ask. Some pressed him to explain his support for the bipartisan budget deal, said lawmakers who attended the event. He s supporting the budget because he doesn t want to have these cliffs or crises,  said freshman Rep. Barbara Comstock (R-Va.), who worked on the Romney-Ryan presidential campaign in 2012. Via: The HillRep. Luis Gutierrez (D-IL) endorsement of Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) for Speaker of the House has drawn new attention to Ryan s two-decade history of pushing for open borders immigration policies. A previously little noticed 2013 video of Ryan and Gutierrez stumping for Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) amnesty bill in which the two make a candid pitch for unlimited immigration shows just how far Ryan is willing to go to push for open borders policies.In the wide-ranging 53 minute video, which took place in Chicago, both Gutierrez and Ryan outline their shared plan for adopting open borders: that is, a national policy of allowing companies to bring in and hire as many foreign workers as they would like. This  free movement  of people across national boundaries is the centerpiece of the open borders ideology to which Ryan has devoted much of his career.The video is entitled:  Rep. Paul Ryan and Rep. Luis Gutierrez Push For Immigration Reform.  The two Congressional partners lay out an immigration plan that is far more radical in scope than many would have imagined, and absent from virtually all major media coverage of the Ryan speakership push. The video gives fresh insight into what legislation Paul Ryan would advance  and what legislation he would block if given the Speaker s gavel.In the video, Ryan begins by adopting a left-wing narrative about GOP voters and suggesting that their opposition to mass migration is fueled by  ignorance.  Ryan rejects the idea that America is  a country  i.e. a land with a fixed border and heritage but instead an  idea  since ideas don t have borders.Ryan says:[America] is not just a country. America is an idea. It s an idea that people from all over the world to aspire to achieve  There is no other economic system, no other immigration system that has done more to lift people out of poverty than the American free enterprise system, and American immigration system that we have here. That s what makes us proud. So the question is: what do we do to restore this? [ ] We ve had plenty of waves of immigration that have always been met with resistance in the past the Irish wave is just but one of them. Each wave is met with some ignorance, is met with some resistance.Ryan appears to be taking a page from his mentor Jack Kemp, who  as Ann Coulter has written  had a habit of smearing blue-collar voters of his own party if they opposed his expansionist agenda. via: Breitbart News",0
16996,UNREAL! Michelle Obama Gets $70 Million For Program To Empower Girls BUT Not American Girls,"Unreal! Mooch gets millions for Pakistani girls? The American taxpayers should be outraged by this! Let Pakistan empower its own people! Michelle Obama has been traveling all over the world with the Let Girls Learn initiative as her pet project. The only thing is that most of the places she s traveled to have a great track record with educating girls. It s just one big around the world vacation for Mooch compliments of the American taxpayer. Judicial Watch s Tom Fitton had this to say about the trip: The Obama family continues to bill the taxpayers for costly tourism jaunts thinly disguised as humanitarian crusades EUROPEAN VACATION: MOOCH RUNS UP A HUGE TAB COMPLIMENTS OF THE TAXPAYERS Could someone please remind this woman that America is BROKE! As public schools around the United States suffer through a perpetual financial crisis, the Obama administration commits a breathtaking $70 million to help educate girls in a terrorist nation known as Al Qaeda headquarters. It s part of the First Lady s initiative (Let Girls Learn) to educate and empower an estimated 62 million girls in third-world countries who are not in school. A noble cause indeed, but it s costing American taxpayers huge sums while kids especially minorities in this country struggle in schools that aren t adequately funded, according to public education advocates.  We know that countries with more girls in secondary school tend to have lower maternal mortality rates, lower infant mortality rates, lower rates of HIV/AIDS, and better child nutrition,  according to the initiative s website.  But too often, a girl who could change her world for the better is locked out of that future by the circumstances of her birth or the customs of her community.  So it s Uncle Sam to the rescue. The government of Pakistan, which is included in the State Department s Country Reports on Terrorism, will get the $70 million to promote education among 200,000 girls and young women age 10-19. The announcement was initially made during a White House event this month with the wife and daughter of Pakistan s Prime Minister, Nawaz Sharif. The program will serve as a platform and catalyst for broader political and social commitment to strengthen girls  education and empowerment in Pakistan, according to a government announcement.  Young women in Pakistan face barriers and lack of access to education opportunities from an early age due to poverty, cultural norms, and geographic isolation,  the announcement states. The question remains; should American tax dollars go to this foreign education cause when public schools in this country have been hurting for years? Besides financial troubles, there s an epidemic of low-performing schools and dismal graduation rates around the country, especially in the nation s inner cities. They could probably use a few million to create programs that might help improve academic performance or perhaps empower needy students like the multi-million-dollar allocation is predicted to help empower girls in Pakistan. The public school district in the Obamas  own hometown of Chicago could use some extra cash. By Thanksgiving as many as 5,000 teachers could be laid off unless the 367,499-student district Chicago Public Schools gets a $500 million bailout from the state. A recent editorial in the area s mainstream newspaper says that it  has been a disastrous time for Chicago Public Schools.  The piece is accompanied by an illustration of a yellow school bus with  Corruption & Politics in our Schools  plastered across the side. Districts across the nation are in similar situations. In Detroit, Michigan the public school system has a $515 million debt and among the nation s worst performing students. Read more: Judicial Watch",0
16997,BREAKING: Who’s Laughing Now? House GOP Members Introduce Resolution To Impeach IRS Commissioner,"Does this mean Republicans in the House are FINALLY going to start standing up for the Americans who elected them to be their representatives in Washington DC? Does this action represent the change we re all desperate to see now that Boehner is vacating his seat? House Republicans on Tuesday introduced a resolution to impeach IRS Commissioner John Koskinen, accusing him of making  false statements  under oath and failing to comply with a subpoena for evidence.In case you ve forgotten, here are two of the most powerful testimonies exposing the tyranny of our government  we have ever posted on our website:Our friend Becky Gerritson (who is currently running for a seat in our US Congress):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UE4_MT8MkIAAnd then there was the powerful testimony by Founder and Chairman of True the Vote, Catherine Engelbrecht:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=db21AQu30XwHouse Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, and 18 other committee members introduced the resolution to begin impeachment proceedings. In doing so, they followed through on a threat first made over the summer, when Republicans accused the IRS leader of making inaccurate statements to Congress regarding the Tea Party targeting scandal and its aftermath. Commissioner Koskinen violated the public trust,  Chaffetz said in a statement Tuesday.  He failed to comply with a congressionally issued subpoena, documents were destroyed on his watch, and the public was consistently misled. Impeachment is the appropriate tool to restore public confidence in the IRS and to protect the institutional interests of Congress. The IRS issued a statement later Thursday saying,  The IRS vigorously disputes the allegations in the resolution. We have fully cooperated with all of the investigations. The announcement of the impeachment resolution comes on the same day Koskinen testified before the Senate Finance Committee, and after the Justice Department on Friday decided to close its investigation of the targeting scandal without pursuing criminal charges. Via: FOX News ",0
16998,Radical Catholic Bishops Push Warming Scam: ‘Put An End To The Fossil Fuel Era’," Our vision of the world ? Where are the Catholics who re against this scam? The Catholic church has been hijacked by leftists who re following the one world global agenda in the name of social justice: Fossil fuel is the cheapest form of energy man has these days, and these people have the audacity to talk about  the cry of the poor  while advocating for things that will make it far more difficult for them to exist and survive?????  The only thing that makes life unfair is the delusion that it should be fair.    Steve Maraboli Does this political agenda mean the church is now giving up its tax exempt status? You can t have it both ways. Please speak up against this! The ten-point plan advanced by the bishops calls for the adoption of  a fair, transformational and legally binding global agreement based on our vision of the world.  In the lead-up to the United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21) in Paris next month, a group of cardinals, patriarchs and bishops have called for a radical, legally binding international climate agreement that mandates, among other things, complete global decarbonization by 2050 and  an end to the fossil fuel era.  The nine prelates claim to represent  the Catholic Church from the five continents  and will address participants in the COP 21 in Paris taking place from November 30 to December 11, 2015. Signers include Archbishop Joseph Kurtz, the president of the U.S. Bishops Conference, Cardinal Reinhard Marx, president of the union of European Bishops Conferences (COMECE) and Cardinal Oswald Gracias, the Archbishop of Bombay. Drawing inspiration from Pope Francis  encyclical letter on the environment Laudato S , the bishops express the  widely-held hope that a just and legally binding climate agreement will emerge from the negotiations of the COP 21 in Paris,  and to this end, advance  a ten-point policy proposal.  In their appeal, the bishops reference the  dramatic acceleration of climatic change,  which, they say,  is the result of unrestrained human activity.  They also claim that this ecological phenomenon is primarily due to  excessive reliance on fossil fuels.   The Pope and Catholic Bishops from five continents,  the declaration states,  appeal for a drastic reduction in the emission of carbon dioxide and other toxic gases.  Human-induced climate change, the bishops continue, is having a  dramatic impact  on  sea levels, extreme weather events, deteriorating ecosystems and the loss of biodiversity.  The ten-point plan advanced by the bishops calls for the adoption of  a fair, transformational and legally binding global agreement based on our vision of the world.  Via: Breitbart",0
16999,MUSLIM GITMO PRISONERS DICTATE RULES: Women Guards Not Allowed To Transport Terrorists [Video],"Whiskey Tango Foxtrot?Female soldiers serving at Guantanamo Bay are not being allowed to transport inmates following a court order issued in response to prisoners who complained on religious grounds, according to Republican senators who recently returned from a visit to the prison camp.Inmates apparently complained the female soldiers  actions were an insult to their Islamic faith, but the senators blasted the court decision as an  insult to women.  Top U.S. military leaders agreed the directive is  outrageous,  while suggesting they re currently bound by the order.Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., first revealed the decision at a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing Tuesday morning. She told Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford that on a visit Friday to the detention center, she was told female soldiers were not being allowed to transport the  9/11 five    five inmates suspected of masterminding the 2001 terror attack   after the court order. We have a situation down there where we met with women guards who are being prevented from fully performing their mission because the five 9/11 attackers who are charged with killing 3,000 Americans will not allow them to perform their duties because they re women,  Ayotte said. It s outrageous,  Dunford agreed.  That s being worked by lawyers, it s an injunction. I m not using that as an excuse, but that s where it is right now. I think it is counter to the way we treat service members, including female service members, and outrageous is a very good word for it,  Defense Secretary Ash Carter added.A military judge issued the order in January prohibiting female guards from transporting the defendants, including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, to and from legal proceedings after they refused to meet with defense lawyers and complained that any physical contact with unrelated women violated their Muslim beliefs.The ruling by Army Col. James Pohl was meant to deal with their complaints, which posed a threat to legal proceedings.At a press conference following Tuesday s Senate hearing, Sens. Ayotte; Tim Scott, R-S.C.; and Shelley Moore Capito, R-W.Va.   who accompanied Ayotte on the visit to the facility   expanded on the issue.Capito said the country is letting the  9/11 five dictate  the procedures in the U.S. military, adding that it is  amazing  a military judge would rule in such a way. Terrorists should not dictate to us what our men and women in uniform are permitted to do,  Ayotte said.  This is not an insult to Islam, it s an insult to women.  Via: FOX News",0
17000,OBAMACARE: Wheels Slowly Falling Off The Socialized Healthcare Train…Billions Wasted,"Wasn t the point of Obamacare to provide health insurance for everyone? After BILLIONS spent on a website that was unworkable and BILLIONS spent to set up exchanges across America, it looks like the ones who need Obamacare the most can t afford it .the irony is certainly not lost on us!  Just ten days ago we described the latest unintended  consequence of the Affordable Care Act known as Obamacare, when Colorado s largest nonprofit co-op health insurer and participant in that state s insurance exchange, Colorado HealthOP, announcing it was abruptly shutting down ahead of the November 1 start of enrollment for 2016, forcing 80,000 Coloradans to find a new insurer for 2016.It wasn t the first: the Colorado co-op was at least the fifth in the nation to collapse. Similar nonprofit insurers have already failed in Louisiana, Iowa/Nebraska, Nevada and New York. A health insurance cooperative in Tennessee announced this week that it would stop offering new policies.The insurer failed because it would fail to be profitable, in the process burning through $23 million in taxpayer-funded loss that would not be repaid.  Taxpayers are on the hook for millions of dollars in loans given out to the CO-OP, money that will likely never be repaid,  U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner said in a statement after the announcement.And while many had anticipated from the beginning that the Obamacare tax was merely a subsidy for the large insurance companies (or rather, their public shareholders), few had expected a far more sinister consequence of the  Affordable  care plan: that the employer mandate would turn out to be unaffordable for a vast majority of low-income workers   the very people who were supposed to benefit from it.It is the failing of Obamacare to address the needs of America s struggling lower-middle class, those women and men who work long, hard hours, often at minimum wage, scrambling to make ends meet. It is them, that the NYT writes about in its recent scathing critique of Obamacare (traditionally, it has been the WSJ that gives scathing reports on the disaster that is Obamacare, usually involving soaring monthly premiums for those who were dragged into the Scotus-enabled tax beyond their will).Take the case of Billy Sewell who began offering health insurance this year to 600 service workers at the Golden Corral restaurants that he owns. He wondered nervously how many would buy it. Adding hundreds of employees to his plan would cost him more than $1 million   a hit he wasn t sure his low-margin business could afford. His actual costs, though, turned out to be far smaller than he had feared. So far, only two people have signed up. We offered, and they didn t take it,  he said.But isn t that against the stated primary objective of Obamacare: to make affordable health insurance more accessible and affordable to everyone? The answer, according to the NYT, is no.The Affordable Care Act s employer mandate, which requires employers with more than 50 full-time workers to offer most of their employees insurance or face financial penalties, was one of the law s most controversial provisions. Business owners and industry groups fiercely protested the change, and some companies cut workers  hours to reduce the number of employees who would be eligible.But 10 months after the first phase of the mandate took effect, covering companies with 100 or more workers, many business owners say they are finding very few employees willing to buy the health insurance that they are now compelled to offer. The trend is especially pronounced among smaller and midsize businesses in fields filled with low-wage hourly workers, like restaurants, retailing and hospitality. (Companies with 50 to 99 workers are not required to comply with the mandate until next year.) Hold on, aren t those some of the  best  performing job categories in the past year? Why yes they are, in fact, with 11.1 million workers, those employed by  food service and drinking places  are the single largest job subcategory tracked by the BLS. It is almost as if the bulk of the jobs growth went to fields that would be mostly disadvantaged by Obamacare.Well, there may be millions of waiters and bartenders in the US, but contrary to what Obamacare promised the vast majority are and will remain uninsured: Based on what we ve seen in the marketplace, we re advising some of our clients to expect single-digit take rates,  said Michael A. Bodack, an insurance broker in Harrison, N.Y.  One to 2 percent isn t unusual.  The reason? What was supposed to be affordable remains painfully unaffordable for the lowest rung of the employment pyramid.Here is the actual math as experienced by both the abovementioned Mr. Sewell of Golden Corral restaurants, and his mostly minimum-wage employees.He employs 1,800 people at the 26 Golden Corral franchises he owns in six Southern and Midwestern states, and previously offered insurance only to his salaried management staff. In January, when the employer mandate took effect, he made the same insurance plan, with a bigger employer contribution, available to all employees working an average of 30 or more hours a week.Running the math on his plan   a typical one for the restaurant industry   illustrates why a number of low-wage workers are falling through gaps in the Affordable Care Act.The annual premium for individual coverage through the Golden Corral Blue Cross Blue Shield plan is $4,800. Mr. Sewell pays 65 percent for service workers, leaving them with a monthly cost of $140.The health care law defines affordable employer-sponsored insurance as that priced at 9.5 percent or less of an employee s annual household income for individual coverage. (Because employers do not know how much money their workers  relatives make, there are several  safe harbors  they can use for compliance, including basing their calculation on only their own employees  wages.) Mr. Sewell s insurance meets the test, but $65 per biweekly paycheck is more than most of his workers are willing   or able   to pay for insurance that still carries steep out-of-pocket costs, including a $2,500 deductible.And this is where Obamacare s employee mandate fails for a vast majority of US workers.Clarissa Morris, 47, has been a server at the Golden Corral here for five years, earning $2.13 an hour plus tips. On a typical day, she leaves the restaurant with about $70 in tips. Her husband makes $9 an hour at Walmart but has been offered only a part-time schedule there, without benefits. Their combined paychecks barely cover their rent and daily essentials. It s either buy insurance or put food in the house,  she said. On the rare occasions that she gets sick, she visits a local clinic with sliding-scale fees. It costs her $25 for a visit, and $4 to fill prescriptions at Walmart.Other business owners find the same paradox:Brad Mete, the managing partner of Affinity Resources, a staffing agency in Dania Beach, Fla., began offering insurance this year to most of his workers only because the law required it. He said the alternative, paying a penalty of about $2,000 per full-time employee, was unthinkable,  That would put us out of business, in one swoop. Trying to persuade his hourly workers to buy the insurance is  like pulling teeth,  he said. His company s plan costs $120 a month, but workers making about $300 a week are reluctant to spend $30 of it on insurance. That s ok   if you beleive the Obama administration, wages are about to soar.Or maybe not.What is truly tragic, however, that just like in the case of  punishing work  when Earned Income Tax benefits for those living around the poverty line, see their after tax pay rise above what comparable workers who make up to $50k per year, Obamacare seems to have been designed only for those making above the median US wage and above:A study by ADP, the payroll processing giant, found an income tipping point at which most employees who are eligible for health insurance will buy it: $45,000 a year.Workers making $15,000 to $20,000 a year buy employer-sponsored individual insurance when it is offered only 37 percent of the time. That rate rises at every income increment ADP studied until $45,000, when it reaches 82 percent and levels off. Further income gains have virtually no effect on the rate, ADP found. And so the wheels slowly fall off the socialized healthcare train Read more: ZERO HEDGE",0
17001,DHS Spends Millions To Keep Employees On Paid Leave For Up To Three Years!,"This is a perfect example of big government gluttony and waste we should start here with cuts to the budget. Sitting at home collecting a paycheck the government employee is all too happy to just say,  WHATEVER , while hard working Americans are working 6 months of the year to pay taxes Dozens of employees at the gigantic agency created after 9/11 to prevent another terrorist attack have been on  paid administrative leave  for more than a year, many of them for as long as two and three years.It s part of a pervasive problem among the nation s federal government agencies, where it s a common practice to let employees collect their taxpayer-funded checks during investigations for wrongdoing and a series of other personal issues. Sometimes internal probes drag on with seemingly no end in sight, but that doesn t stop the compensation for those sitting at home. Paid administrative leave is supposed to be reserved for rare circumstances in which employees may pose a threat to themselves or others, result in loss of or damage to government property or otherwise jeopardize legitimate government interests.The reality is much different and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) is a recent example though there are countless others across the government. DHS spent about $1.8 million last year to keep 88 employees on paid leave and many of them have been collecting their government pay without working for longer stretches. Four DHS employees were on paid administrative leave for three years or more and 17 for two years or more. Of the 88, 53 face misconduct charges, 13 have security clearance problems and DHS had questions about the fitness for duty of 22. The Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Iowa Republican Charles Grassley, made the figures public this week and is demanding answers. Government employees getting paid to stay home, sometimes for more than a year, is detrimental to taxpayers and good government, Grassley says. This week the senator fired off a letter to DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson with a detailed list of questions involving the circumstances surrounding the paid leave of his 88 employees.This is part of a broader and quite serious issue among government agencies. In fact, last year a federal audit revealed that the U.S. spent an eye-popping $3.1 billion during a three-year period on salaries for government employees on paid administrative leave. At least 57,000 workers were on paid administrative leave during the period analyzed and around 4,000 stayed home with full salary for three months to a year, according to the probe which was conducted by the Government Accountability Office (GAO), the investigative arm of Congress. The scary part is that this particular audit only considered five agencies so the GAO s report only features a snippet of the true problem.Here are some of the reasons that the five investigated agencies the departments of Defense, Interior, Veterans Affairs, General Services Administration and the U.S. Agency for International Development granted administrative paid leave; investigations for alleged misconduct, security threats, criminal conduct or adverse actions, donating blood, dismissals due to hazardous weather or emergency conditions, physical examinations to determine fitness for duty and voting. Attending conferences, conventions or meetings and performing tasks necessary for change of duty station are also covered under administrative paid leave.Besides the typical incompetence of a bloated government, part of the problem is that there is no uniform policy for paid leave and instead each agency just makes their own. The Office of Personnel Management (OPM), the agency that manages the government s civil service, is evidently trying to correct this by implementing a government-wide policy. Earlier this year OPM Director Katherine Archuleta sent agency heads a memo to inform them that OPM will begin collecting information from payroll providers to initiate the collaboration process, presumably to crack down on paid administrative leave.Via: Judicial Watch",0
17002,Outrageous! Apparently $68 Billion Isn’t Enough For A Cali Train Project,"Does anyone else see the lunacy in this? You have a broke state that s trying to build a massive bullet train system and is over budget only in America s big government system where the  goofballs think money grows on trees Is anyone else 100% FED Up! with this bullish*t? I know I am! The monumental task of building California s bullet train will require punching 36 miles of tunnels through the geologically complex mountains north of Los Angeles.Crews will have to cross the tectonic boundary that separates the North American and Pacific plates, boring through a jumble of fractured rock formations and a maze of earthquake faults, some of which are not mapped.It will be the most ambitious tunneling project in the nation s history.State officials say the tunnels will be finished by 2022   along with 300 miles of track, dozens of bridges or viaducts, high-voltage electrical systems, a maintenance plant and as many as six stations. Doing so will meet a commitment to begin carrying passengers between Burbank and Merced in the first phase of the $68-billion high-speed rail link between Los Angeles and San Francisco.However, a Times analysis of project documents, as well as interviews with scientists, engineers and construction experts, indicates that the deadline and budget targets will almost certainly be missed   and that the state has underestimated the challenges ahead, particularly completing the tunneling on time. It doesn t strike me as realistic,  said James Monsees, one of the world s top tunneling experts and an author of the federal manual on highway tunneling.  Faults are notorious for causing trouble.  The California High-Speed Rail Authority hasn t yet chosen an exact route through the mountains. It also is behind schedule on land acquisition, financing and permit approvals, among other crucial tasks, and is facing multiple lawsuits. The first construction began in Fresno in July, 21/2 years behind the target the rail authority had set in early 2012.A confidential 2013 report by the state s main project management contractor, New York-based Parsons Brinckerhoff, estimated that the cost of building the first phase from Burbank to Merced had risen 31% to $40 billion. And it projected that the cost of the entire project would rise at least 5%.Parsons Brinckerhoff briefed state officials on the estimate in October 2013, according to the document obtained by The Times. But the state used a lower cost estimate when it issued its 2014 business plan four months later.Jeff Morales, the rail authority chief executive, said he was not aware of the Parsons Brinckerhoff projection. A spokeswoman for the authority declined to discuss the differences in the estimates.Public opinion polls taken over the years have shown that support for the project has ebbed as costs have risen   and at $68 billion, the budget is already more than double the $33-billion estimate made by the rail authority before California voters approved bonds for the project seven years ago.Via: LA Times",0
17003,"MUSLIM MEN WIN BIG DISCRIMINATION SUIT Against Employer For Violating Religious Beliefs, While Nuns, Christian Bakers And City Clerks All Lose Cases","Religious rights in Obama s America don t apply to Christians or Jews they only apply to Muslims.The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission won $240,000 in damages for two Muslim truck drivers after it sued their former employer for religious discrimination for firing the drivers for refusing to make beer deliveries.The EEOC said that Star Transport Inc., a trucking company based in Morton, Ill., violated their religious rights by refusing to accommodate their objections to delivering alcoholic beverages. EEOC is proud to support the rights of workers to equal treatment in the workplace without having to sacrifice their religious beliefs or practices,  EEOC General Counsel David Lopez announced Thursday.  This is fundamental to the American principles of religious freedom and tolerance. The case involved Star Transport s firing of drivers Mahad Abass Mohamed and Abdkiarim Hassan Bulshale, both of Somali heritage, in 2009 after they refused to make beer deliveries for the company, citing their adherence to Islamic law. For devout Muslims, consuming or even being in contact with any alcoholic beverage is prohibited.The EEOC argued that the company could have easily reassigned the drivers but did not and sued it for religious discrimination. Star Transport admitted liability in March. The jury awarded Mohamed and Bulshale $20,000 each in compensatory damages and $100,000 each in punitive damages. The judge awarded each about $1,500 in back pay. Via: Washington ExaminerThe Catholic nuns beliefs are being violated by forcing them to pay for contraception and drugs that may cause abortions:A Catholic religious order, the Little Sisters of the Poor, has filed a lawsuit against the Obama administration asking the courts to protect them from being forced to comply with the HHS abortion mandate. The mandate compels religious groups to pay for birth control and drugs that may cause abortions.Yesterday, the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty filed a lawsuit on behalf of the Little Sisters of the Poor, a religious order of Sisters dedicated to caring for the elderly poor. Without relief, the Little Sisters face millions of dollars in IRS fines because they cannot comply with the government s mandate that they give their employees free access to contraception, sterilization, and abortion-inducing drugs.The Christian couple who owned Sweet Cakes by Melissa was forced to pay $135,000 after refusing to bake a cake for a lesbian couple, as they explained it would violate their Christian beliefs.A complaint against Sweet Cakes By Melissa was filed after the owners, Aaron and Melissa Klein, turned away a lesbian couple who requested a wedding cake in 2013.The state ruled that the owners were discriminating against the couple based on their sexual orientation.Fox News reported that the state has now ordered the Kleins to pay $135,000 in damages to the lesbian couple and issued a gag order, which bans them from  speaking publicly about their refusal to participate in or bake wedding cakes for same-sex unions. The couple told Sean Hannity tonight that they think the state of Oregon has violated their First Amendment rights.Christian City Clerk is jailed for refusing to issue marriage licenses to same sex couples:Kim Davis, Rowan County, KY City Clerk refused to issue marriage licenses to gay couples. The judge determined Davis should be held in contempt and felt that a fine was not a harsh enough punishment for her. She was jailed on September 3 and spent 5 days in jail.Under the threat of more jail time, Rowan County (Ky.) Clerk Kim Davis remained out of sight Monday as one of her deputy clerks issued a marriage licence to yet another lesbian couple, drawing heckles from some anti-gay protesters who questioned Davis  decision to not interfere.Shannon and Carmen Wampler-Collins were the first couple to obtain a license since Davis returned to work after her high-profile release from the Carter County Detention Center last week. Davis has been at the center of the dispute about gay marriage and religious liberty.Davis said earlier in the day that, while she still refuses to authorize marriage licenses, she will not stand in the way of a deputy clerk who began providing them more than a week ago. The clerk had been jailed for six days on a contempt of court charge.",0
17004,Obama Throws Gasoline On Black Terrorists War On Cops: “The Moment Is Here”,"If a black man is elected president in a country comprised of mostly white citizens is he still considered a  victim?  And should he spend his entire presidency trying to find ways to punish the country he was elected to represent? It s a rhetorical question of course At a White House discussion about improving the  relationship between police departments and  black Americans, President Obama declared that  the moment is here. He meant a chance for big change, and that s the problem. The change he and his allies are achieving is like throwing gasoline on a raging fire.Consider that at about the same time the nation s first black president was speaking to police chiefs and prosecutors, a group called Black Lives Matter was denouncing police brutality in Times Square, real and imagined. In another sad coincidence of timing, they marched as the city was mourning the murder of NYPD Officer Randolph Holder, the fourth New York City cop killed in 11 months.Officer Holder was black, as is his alleged killer, but that mattered not a whit to the protesters. One told Fox News that she hopes Holder s family  realizes that his life is included in the  Black Lives Matter  slogan. We re talking about black bodies being persecuted across the world,  she added.This is nonsense on steroids, yet these are the president s shock troops. Obama and confidante Valerie Jarrett earlier met with the radicals leading the Black Lives Matter movement and encouraged them to keep going, the group has said.Obama, at last Thursday s event, praised the group again while also claiming that  everybody understands that all lives matter. Everybody wants strong, effective law enforcement. Everybody wants their kids to be safe when they are walking across the street. Nobody wants to see police officers who are doing their jobs fairly hurt. Everybody understands it s a dangerous job. His saying so doesn t make it true. The anti-police movement sweeping urban areas proves that many people actually don t want strong law enforcement, and don t have any respect for police work. Many, including those Obama met with, appear to hate all cops.The police-brutality yarn also hides another issue. It is the documented fact that young black men commit violent crimes far out of proportion to their population.The New York City murder rate is typical. Year in, year out, about 90 percent of homicide victims are nonwhite males, as are 90 percent of their killers.Yes, there are bad cops, and they come in all races. But for the president to emphasize that there are brutal and racist cops, presumably white, without citing the staggering rate of black-on-black crime distorts both problems. It also misses the relationship between them.The very nature of police work   to go where the crimes are   means cops will have more charged interactions with young black men than with other racial and ethnic groups. Had Obama acknowledged those realities, and spent serious time in his presidency working toward reducing black crime, he would have far more standing to criticize police and prosecutors.Indeed, he could have, and should have, cited the murder of Officer Holder as an example of the complexity of the issues. An immigrant from Guyana, the 33-year-old Holder came from a family of police officers there and, after five years on the NYPD, had won several awards and aimed to become a detective. The president might have cited Holder s sacrifice, if only to show he understands how a police shooting strikes at the heart of other cops and society as a whole.Obama also could have cited Holder s alleged killer to make another point. Tyrone Howard, 30, is a career criminal who has been arrested 28 times over the last 16 years, including once for the shooting of a 9-year-old boy. Even Mayor de Blasio, who won office by demonizing cops, called Howard  a hardened and violent criminal  who  should not have been on the streets. Howard, facing a six-year prison sentence last May for leading a drug gang, was instead sent to a drug-treatment program by overly lenient judges. He was involved in a shootout with gang rivals last Tuesday when Holder and other officers gave chase. As they got close, Howard allegedly turned and killed the cop with a single shot to the head from an illegal handgun.Facts are stubborn things, but it is probably asking too much for anti-cop bigots to recognize them. Yet for the president of the United States to cheer their movement is more than a mistake. It is another tragic illustration of how Obama is taking America backward. Via: NYP",0
17005,A Must Watch Video! Brilliant Take On How Hillary Clinton’s Lawlessness Gets Ignored,"Hillary Clinton breaks the law, gets people who work for her killed, lies to the American people and she s still a media darling? How is that possible??? ",0
17006,OBAMA’S DOJ: Lois Lerner Won’t Face Charges In Targeting Scandal,"Well this is no surprise but it s still wrong. Targeting conservative Americans or ANY American should be a crime.Lois Lerner will not face criminal charges for targeting conservative and Tea Party groups during her time at the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Justice said Friday.CNN reported that the Justice Department will not bring charges against Lerner, who served as the director of exempt organizations at the IRS, and will close its two-year investigation into the alleged improper targeting.The government agency said in a letter to Congress that investigators found  substantial evidence of mismanagement, poor judgment, and institutional inertia leading to the belief by many tax-exempt applicants that the IRS targeted them based on their political viewpoints.  Read more: WFB",0
17007,HOUSE FREEDOM CAUCUS Pressured By Very Familiar Names To Back Ryan For Speaker,"Congressman Paul Ryan received enough support from the House Freedom Caucus to secure his nomination for Speaker of the House as of Oct. 23, 2015. Congressman Louis Gohmert told One America News that Ryan may have gained some of the support because Senator Jim DeMint, now head of the Heritage Foundation, and former Speaker of the House and Congressman Newt Gingrich pressured Freedom Caucus members to  cave  and endorse Ryan for Speaker. ",0
17008,SHOCKING VIDEOS Prove That Hillary Is Willing To Endanger Lives In U.S. And Abroad To Protect Her Political Ambitions,"Do Americans even remember the worldwide violence and hate inspired by Hillary s announcement that the Benghazi attack was a result of an amateur anti-Islam video? She was willing to throw the entire world under the bus to save her political career Watch video below, as our American flag is being ripped down and replaced by ISIS flag on our U.S. Embassy in Cairo. Note the ISIS flags being carried by protesters of the anti-Islam movie that Hillary told the world was caused the Benghazi attack.Who would hire a woman to lead our country when she was willing to watch the world burn and create violent clashes around the world in order to cover up her ineptness as a Secretary of State?And then there s the condemnation of America by a Washington DC imam that demand the American Embassy in Cairo needed to be attacked because of the anti-Islam film. Of course, his rhetoric was overlooked because the real issue is of course, Americans who are  islamaphobic https://youtu.be/K_QcAfXwOJoThe violent anti US protest that shut down Sydney turning the city streets into a bloody battle field have been condemned by leaders on all levels. Six police officers and 17 others were injured when the demonstrations spiraled into chaos.Here is Hillary being exposed as a liar during the Benghazi hearing that the mainstream media claims she walked away from unscathed:In her most disgraceful act yet, Hillary addresses friends and families of Benghazi victims at their funeral. Watch at the 13:12 mark when Hillary lies about the reason for the murder of these 4 innocent Americans:Here s CNN s Jeffrey Toobin working in concert with shameless Hillary who used her time testifying before Congress to blame Ambassador Christopher Stevens himself for the Benghazi attack:",0
17009,HUNGER GAMES’ Effie Trinket? Clinton Cackles Her Way Through Testimony [Video],"If you ve ever watched the Hunger Games movies you know that Effie Trinket is a psychotic woman who looks at murder as a game. She plays along with the Hunger Games and expects everyone else to just ignore the horror going on around them. She sends the young tributes out to play the game knowing all but one will be murdered.Hillary Clinton is our very own Effie Trinket playing along in a very sick game of politics and murder. Wonder if she s even thinking about the families of the murdered American heroes.Hillary Laughs at GOPer s Benghazi Question, Immediately Scolded:  It s Not Funny ",0
17010,VETERAN BIKER GROUP Helps Returning Soldier Force Out Illegal Ex-Con Squatters,"HOW IS IT THAT SQUATTERS HAVE MORE RIGHTS THAN LEGAL HOMEOWNERS?HOW TO TAKE OVER SOMEONE S PROPERTY AND GET AWAY WITH IT: Adverse possession is a principle of real estate law that gives anyone who possesses the land of another for an extended period of time in an  actual, open, hostile and continuous  manner the right to claim legal title to that land.  The exact elements of an adverse possession claim may be different in each state. In Florida, the law prescribes continuous possession of at least seven years. In New Jersey, a squatter must be in possession of the property for 30 years, while in New York it s 10 years. In some states, the trespasser must have paid taxes on the property during this time period. Other states don t require payment of property taxes, but will apply a shorter time requirement for occupying the land if the trespasser has paid taxes.This is another case of criminals having more rights than the legal homeowners. Thank goodness for this veteran biker group that put the heat on these squatters. We ve done other articles on squatters and how they have more rights than the legal owners. Here s a great one that went viral   it s pretty funny but happens more than you know: ONLY IN DETROIT: Squatting On The Squatter Takes A TurnSOLDIER RETURNS TO SQUATTERS:A soldier from New Port Richey, Florida says that squatters took over his house while he was stationed in Hawaii for two years, and when it came time to move back into his home with his wife, the squatters refused to leave.As reported earlier this week, Army Spc. Michael Sharkey says that he and his wife haven t lived in their Florida home in the two years that he s been stationed in Hawaii, but upon learning they could go back to Florida, they were shocked to discover that two ex-cons broke in, changed the locks, and were refusing to leave. Unfortunately for Sharkey, he was told that legally, there was nothing he could do to force them out. They are criminals,  said Sharkey to WFLA.  I am serving my country, and they have more rights to my home than I do. Police told Sharkey that they could do nothing about the couple, Julio Ortiz and Fatima Cardosa, since they already established residency, so the matter would have to be settled in a civil court.Ortiz claims that he made a verbal agreement with Sharkey s friend, who was overseeing the home while the soldier and his wife were gone, that they could live there for free as long as they did repairs on the house. Both Sharkey and his friend say those claims are lies, but Ortiz has continued to defend himself. The people that are in this house cannot produce any documentation, lease, agreement, anything that they belong in that house,  said Sharkey.Once word got out that the squatters had taken over Sharkey s house, a group of military veteran bikers announced that they would be paying a visit to the home to  peacefully make the squatters uncomfortable. That seems to be all it took because now, reports say that Ortiz and his girlfriend have packed up their belongings and are leaving the home for good.Via: America News ",0
17011,OBAMA Defends Black Lives Matter But Does He Really Want To Support What’s In This Video?,"But he s pointing the finger at the wrong aspect of violence and death in the black community. If he would focus on the REAL problem of black on black crime he d get somewhere. How can anyone take Obama seriously when he skips over this HUGE issue? Once again, it s all about politics and division with this president. Pitiful! #NYC: #PeoplesMonday on the streets chanting #FTP! #BlackLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/KRRrRaHGHs  Ash J (@AshAgony) October 20, 2015Meanwhile, in St. Louis, police escorted a gaggle of BLM protesters and some of the demonstrators tried to justify President Obama s faith in them by screaming  Pigs in a blanket. Fry  em like bacon  at their protectors: ",0
17012,CHILLING: How America Looks After 8 Long Years With An Anti-American President,"The shocking truth about how close we are to becoming a one-party fascist stateThis is the most brilliant and scary analysis of where we, as a nation are today Last year a retired Border Patrol Officer by the name of Zach Taylor went on camera to explain the driving force behind the unprecedented surge in illegal immigration happening on our southern border. Taylor went on to note that what was happening at our border was not due to a spur of the moment event, or  a humanitarian crisis , but asymmetrical warfare. The surge we saw at the border was apart of a larger more chilling event that served one purpose and one purpose only, to show our enemies that our southern border had been compromised and the government wouldn t do a damn thing about it.The border was destroyed because of the actions taken by President Barack Obama under the guise of his Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) plan. Simply put, DACA rewrote our immigration laws and created the incentive for illegal aliens to break our laws as Obama deliberately undermined our nation s sovereignty by simply creating his own. The culmination of Obama s DACA has resulted in over 790,000 illegal aliens entering the country from the middle of 2013 to May of 2015, for a total of 2.5 million new illegal immigrants since Obama took office in January of 2009.While the threat comes from without, in this case millions of illegal immigrants, it could not have been possible without the enemy already being inside of the United States. As Mr. Taylor states,  If asymmetrical warfare is going to be successful, the first thing that has to be done is to compromise America s defense against invasion because they have to have their personnel inside the United States to affect the infrastructure   our hospitals, our schools, our electric grid, our power supplies, our water supply   basically what we call infrastructure [which] effects the degeneration from inside the United States.  By drawing away the resources that are intended to protect the United States border in order to care for the illegal immigrants, the border is now wide open and our infrastructure is overloaded. Yet, the  crisis on the border  is only a small part of the larger warfare that s being waged against our country at the hands of our own president. Today the Obama juggernaut is systematically bankrupting our country, and undoing the constitutional arrangements our Founders left to us , writes David Horowitz in his book Fight Fire With Fire. The contempt of the Obama party for consultative and representative government is relentlessly on display. Horowitz goes on to give the example of what our enemy represents with the following statement uttered by then Senate Majority leader Harry Reid as he defended his refusal to negotiate with Republicans over Obamacare and the debt crisis. Reid stated in these words:  We are here to support the federal government. That s our job.  End quote. You ll notice that representing the people for whom our Constitution makes sovereign is not included in Reid s statement.Horowitz then writes the following: My years as a radical prepared me to see much of this coming. But even I never thought we would be looking so soon at the prospect of a one-party system and a fascist state. Those words may sound hyperbolic, but take a moment to think about it. If you have transformed the taxing agency of the state into a political weapon   and Obama has; if you are setting up a massive government program to collect and file the financial and health information of every citizen, and also to control their access to care; and if you have a spy agency that can read the mail and listen to the communications of every individual in the country, you don t really need a secret police to destroy political opponents. You already have the means to do it. This is all the more troubling when you look at the sheer amount of data the Obama administration, or shall I say the Obama government, is collecting on each and every individual living in the United States. To effect the degeneration of the country from within the Obama administration has weaponized the IRS, DOJ, and FBI to target Americans who oppose their agenda. Now, the White House has added a key tool in their arsenal by prying into our most personal information at the most local levels, all for the purpose of  racial and economic justice.  On Saturday, Paul Sperry of the New York Post, uncovered the latest Obama plan that is aimed at collecting personal data for a secret race database. Sperry writes,  Unbeknown to most Americans, Obama s racial bean counters are furiously mining data on their health, home loans, credit cards, places of work, neighborhoods, even how their kids are disciplined in school   all to document  inequalities  between minorities and whites.  It may sound conspiratorial but under this government the only conspiracy is that being committed against Americans who are too distracted by today s latest ginned up political crisis.Sperry continues by noting that,  this Orwellian-style stockpile of statistics includes a vast and permanent network of discrimination databases, which Obama already is using to make  disparate impact  cases against: banks that don t make enough prime loans to minorities; schools that suspend too many blacks; cities that don t offer enough Section 8 and other low-income housing for minorities; and employers who turn down African-Americans for jobs due to criminal backgrounds. Big Brother Barack wants the databases operational before he leaves office, and much of the data in them will be posted online.  This means that so called civil-rights attorneys like those working for the ACLU and urban activist groups will be able to exploit them to show patterns of  racial disparities  and  segregation,  even if no other evidence of discrimination exists. Such databases have never before existed. Obama is presiding over the largest consolidation of personal data in US history. He is creating a diversity police state where government race cops and civil-rights lawyers will micromanage demographic outcomes in virtually every aspect of society , concludes Sperry. If you were to add all the databases created under this administration, including the Obamacare database, known as MIDAS, which retains tens of millions of Obamacare enrollees information, you could quiet literally make the claim that the federal government has data on every single American citizen. In the hands of someone like Obama this becomes of grave concern given his willingness to use such information against his opponents. Now that this information will be made public in order to extort communities deemed  too segregated . Whether it be through the withholding of federal funds for a local community showing a pattern of  racial disparity  or lawsuits against a school that disciplines minorities more than whites, it doesn t much matter. The government will be able to force you to act in a way that it deems socially acceptable as Obama drastically changes the racial makeup of America by enshrining an infrastructure that will continue long after he s gone.All the while this is happening below the surface and under the radar from most Americans, we remain and for good reason, distracted by the latest crisis of the day. A Christian owned Oregon bakery is forced by the state to pay a fine for not baking a cake for a lesbian couple, a woman is killed by an illegal immigrant and 7-time convicted felon in San Francisco, four Marines and one Navy Officer are executed by an Islamic jihadist; none of this would be happening but for Obama s actions. He knew that ISIS had put out a hit list specifically targeting our military, and he did nothing. He cheered on the Supreme Court ruling that legalized gay marriage knowing that it would be used in a way to exploit and destroy businesses specifically owned by Christians. He created the  sanctuary city  policy that has served to protect illegal immigrants while they rape, murder, and assault American citizens like Kate Steinle in San Francisco.All of this is happening because of the enemy we have in the White House. The country is being brought to its knees by overt acts such as the jihadist attack that was met with no response, to covert acts such as the Obama race database. Yet, no resistance is met to counter the agenda of the Obama adminstration. Even the capacity of the American people to determine their own national interests are being torn asunder without any fight, without even so much as a whimper from Congress. Without a pushback, the adminstration goes about acting without repercussion held to no degree of accountability. With impeachment and the power of the purse both taken off the table by Congress, America is literally at the whim of Obama as the only checks that exist today on what the president can do is what he personally thinks he can get away with and what his political incentives are.So the adminstration pushes full steam ahead without any concern for the American people themselves. Nowhere is this more apparent, on a foreign policy scale, than with the adminstration s nuclear deal with Iran. As Andrew McCarthy of National Review writes,  At the U.N. today, the Obama administration is colluding with our enemies and other foreign sovereigns to deprive the American people   through their elected representatives   of the power to determine what obligations they will accept under international law. The Obama administration has taken the position that Russia, China, and, yes, Iran, have a vote on our national security, but we do not. And in this betrayal, Congress has, at best, been a witless aider and abettor.  At worst, they ve gone along with the adminstration in committing treason against the United States of America.I believe in the latter.Via: Politically Short",0
17013,CANADA’S OBAMA? WATCH New Prime Minister Call Himself A “Proud Feminist”…Promises To Raise Taxes On Wealthy And Welcome More Syrian “Refugees” [Video],"The global wussification of the male Identifying as a feminist may be more and more commonplace if you re a millennial or Taylor Swift, but it s still pretty rare to see politicians describe themselves thus. But Canada s newly elected prime minister, 43-year-old Justin Trudeau, doesn t seem to have that problem.In an interview, co-sponsored by the Toronto Star, which aired on Monday night before the election (Oct. 18), Trudeau was asked by journalist Francine Pelletier if he would describe himself as a feminist. There seems to be a lot of anger,  Pelletier asked,  not just at women, but at feminism and feminists. Would you describe yourself as a feminist?   Yes. Yes, I am a feminist,  said Trudeau.  I m proud to be a feminist.  He went on to tell Pelletier that his mother raised him to be that way, and that his father, the popular two-time former prime minister Pierre Trudeau,  was a different generation, but he raised me to respect and defend everyone s rights, and I deeply grounded my own identity in that.  Via: QuartzCanada s newly-elected Liberal government is expected to pull the country out of its combat mission against Isis and to welcome a further 25,000 Syrian refugees after ending almost a decade of Conservative rule.Justin Trudeau, the son of the late Canadian premier Pierre Trudeau, led his father s Liberal party back to power on Monday with an unexpectedly decisive election victory. Prime Minister Stephen Harper s Conservatives, blamed for a stagnant economy and controversial policies on immigration and terrorism, were swept aside as the Liberals captured a clear majority: 184 of the 338 seats in Ottawa s House of Commons.Mr Trudeau, a photogenic 43-year-old whose father was Prime Minister for more than 15 years between 1968 and 1984, is a sometime actor and former schoolteacher. He sprang on to the public stage when he delivered the eulogy at his father s funeral in 2000, and has been an MP since 2008.Addressing supporters in Montreal as the results rolled in on Monday night, Mr Trudeau said his party had defeated  negative, divisive politics with a positive vision that brings Canadians together,  adding:  It s time for a change in this country, my friends, a real change. The Liberals have vowed to end to Canadian involvement in the US-led combat mission against Isis in Syria and Iraq, with Mr Trudeau saying he would focus instead on humanitarian efforts. He has also pledged to invest CA$250m ( 125m) to process new refugees from the region, and to withdraw Canada from the F-35 stealth fighter jet programme, an initiative by 12 countries including the US and UK.Canada s progressive style of social democracy, long contrasted with the politics of the US, had taken a turn to the right under Mr Harper, a neoconservative who cut taxes and took a more aggressive approach to foreign policy than his predecessors. His stimulus package helped Canada to emerge relatively unscathed from the global financial crisis, but more recently the country s economy, closely tied to plummeting oil prices, has contracted.The government s ungenerous handling of the refugee crisis and the passage this year of a controversial anti-terrorism law   which the Liberals intend to amend   proved unpopular with many Canadians. The Conservatives were also accused of stoking anti-Muslim sentiment in a row over whether women would be permitted to wear the niqab when they took the oath of citizenship.Mr Harper resigned as leader after seeing his party reduced from 159 to just 99 seats in Monday s election.  We put it all on the line, we gave everything we have to give, and we have no regrets whatsoever,  he said during a concession speech in his Calgary constituency.  The people of Canada have elected a Liberal government, which we accept without hesitation. The Liberals, who held power for 80 of the 110 years between 1896 and 2006, when Mr Harper was first elected, had shrunk at the last election to become the Ottawa Parliament s third largest party, behind the left-wing New Democratic Party (NDP).Read more ",0
17014,THIS Is How Far The Left Will Go To Protect Hillary Clinton…Sick!,"Jeffrey Toobin chimes in to protect Hillary Clinton and it is in very poor taste but mostly untrue.  The reason Mr. Toobin s claim is untrue is that Amb. Stevens asked for more security 600 times! He knew the dangers but was not putting anyone at risk   it was the State Department that failed him by not adding more security!During one of the breaks in Hillary Clinton s testimony on Benghazi, Jeffrey Toobin insinuated that Ambassador Chris Stevens purposely put himself in harm s way.Stevens travelled to Benghazi from Tripoli on September 10, 2012 and planned to stay until September 14, 2012. Stevens only had two Diplomatic Security personnel with him.Committee member Rep. Lynn Westmoreland (R-Ga.) said that Stevens had asked Clinton and her State Department multiple times for extra protection. Clinton said that Stevens did not have her personal email account but had the means to call or email any relevant person at the State Department. He had the email and he had the direct line of everybody that he worked with for years. He had been posted with officials in the State Department. They had gone through difficult, challenging, dangerous assignments together. He was in constant contact with people. Yes, he and the people working for him asked for more security. Some of those requests were approved, others were not,  Clinton said.Toobin said to CNN s Wolf Blitzer that Stevens purposely put himself and the security team in dangerous situation. Yes, Mr. Toobin, blaming the victim is in very poor taste: ",0
17015,Uncle of Benghazi Victim Sean Smith: “Hillary Clinton Is a Serial Liar”," Hillary Clinton is a serial liar. Hillary Clinton has a hard time maintaining a consistent level of truth and that was proven today and it s been proven before  I think Hillary Clinton should really think about resigning from ever running for any office at this point. She s incompetent.    Michael Ingmire, Uncle of Benghazi victim Sean Smith ",0
17016,DEAR MR PRESIDENT: Listen To Your Own FBI Director And Homeland Security Tell Us We CANNOT Properly Screen The Syrian “Refugees” [Video],"Our FBI Director has testified once before in regards to the inability to screen Syrian refugees. This time he repeats his concerns before the House Homeland Security Committee in a hearing yesterday. Is anyone listening or is Trey Gowdy so focused on the Hillary hearings on Capitol Hill that he s not paying attention to the effort to forever change America. We are scheduled to bring in 200,000 Muslim refugees that WE CANNOT DO BACKGROUND CHECKS ON. This is insane! The left is hell bent on flooding towns across America with these people which is NOT in the best interests of anyone. Please act to at least call your Congressman to ask questions and demand answers.FBI director James Comey said during a House Committee on Homeland Security hearing on Wednesday that the federal government does not have the ability to conduct thorough background checks on all of the 10,000 Syrian refugees that the Obama administration says will be allowed to come to the U.S. We can only query against that which we have collected,  Comey said in response to a line of questioning from Mississippi Rep. Bennie Thompson . And so if someone has never made a ripple in the pond in Syria in a way that would get their identity or their interest reflected in our database, we can query our database until the cows come home, but there will be nothing show up because we have no record of them. The Senate hearing on Syrian refugee resettlement took place on October 1, 2015 and is the first such hearing since 9/11. Can you believe that? I watched the entire hearing on CSPAN and couldn t believe the answers given to our Senators about refugee resettlement! The most important clip from the hearing is VERY IMPORTANT! Please watch the clip below where Matthew Emrich (Associate Director Department of Homeland Security->Fraud Detection and National Security Directorate) is hammered by Senator Jeff Sessions on the inability to vet refugees: ",0
17017,DEAR MR PRESIDENT: Listen To Your Own FBI Director And  Homeland Security Tell Us We CANNOT Properly Screen The Syrian “Refugees” [Video],"Our FBI Director has testified once before in regards to the inability to screen Syrian refugees. This time he repeats his concerns before the House Homeland Security Committee in a hearing yesterday. Is anyone listening or is Trey Gowdy so focused on the Hillary hearings on Capitol Hill that he s not paying attention to the effort to forever change America. We are scheduled to bring in 200,000 Muslim refugees that WE CANNOT DO BACKGROUND CHECKS ON. This is insane! The left is hell bent on flooding towns across America with these people which is NOT in the best interests of anyone. Please act to at least call your Congressman to ask questions and demand answers.FBI director James Comey said during a House Committee on Homeland Security hearing on Wednesday that the federal government does not have the ability to conduct thorough background checks on all of the 10,000 Syrian refugees that the Obama administration says will be allowed to come to the U.S. We can only query against that which we have collected,  Comey said in response to a line of questioning from Mississippi Rep. Bennie Thompson . And so if someone has never made a ripple in the pond in Syria in a way that would get their identity or their interest reflected in our database, we can query our database until the cows come home, but there will be nothing show up because we have no record of them. The Senate hearing on Syrian refugee resettlement took place on October 1, 2015 and is the first such hearing since 9/11. Can you believe that? I watched the entire hearing on CSPAN and couldn t believe the answers given to our Senators about refugee resettlement! The most important clip from the hearing is VERY IMPORTANT! Please watch the clip below where Matthew Emrich (Associate Director Department of Homeland Security->Fraud Detection and National Security Directorate) is hammered by Senator Jeff Sessions on the inability to vet refugees: ",0
17018,LAWLESS: MUSLIM VIOLENCE And Refusal To Assimilate In These European Countries Have Lead To “Sharia-Law” No-Go Zones [VIDEO],"The European caliphate is in full swing First and foremost, it must be made clear that not all  No-Go  zones should be exclusively defined as  areas populated by Islamic radicals.  Breitbart News has found that in several areas throughout Europe places officially or unofficially deemed  no-go  zones often have largely unassimilated Islamic populations where the host country s laws are difficult, if not impossible, to enforce.The French government has listed 750 areas determined to be  Sensitive Urban Zones (Zones Urbaine Sensibles, or ZUS).  ZUS areas tend to have high crime, low unemployment, and drug trafficking/black market issues. While these areas fall under one big umbrella category, a Gatestone Institute report has found that the majority of France s Islamic population lives in the Sensitive Urban Zones. Gatestone has found several local reporters and individuals whose testimony indicates that the areas remain places where law enforcement cannot sufficiently do its job.The Swedish government has listed 186  exclusion areas,  along with 55 no-go zones. Swedish blogger Matt Danielsson has described the areas as  crowded, predominantly Muslim immigrant ghettos, where education is low, employment is lower and the only local business thriving is drug dealing. Germany s Steinke Institut (SI) has mapped 51 separate areas which have been explained as  law-free  and with  high danger potential.  The German website Politically Incorrect evaluation found that the vast majority of them had troublesome problems having  something to do with the I-word (Islam),  Andrew Harrod reported. Germany s chief of police admitted in 2011 that these are areas where  crimes no longer result in charges  They are left to themselves. UK Independence Party (UKIP) leader Nigel Farage has said that British leaders too have been afraid to tackle Islam-oriented issues in the UK, and allowed for  big ghettos  to develop. Regarding the no-go zones versus Sensitive Urban Zones argument, Farage explained that the issue was a  matter of semantics.  He said that the British and French governments have failed to accept that  there s a massive problem with lack of integration.  CBS s 60 Minutes show sent a crew to London and found that the streets are an  alternate reality  at night where Sharia patrols bully people who are drinking alcohol, people who they think are homosexuals, and women who aren t fully covered by clothing. Additionally, the UK s Islamic population is twice as likely to join the Islamic State terror group than the UK armed forces.Belgium also has several de facto no-go zones where police are putting themselves at risk simply for entering. In the Belgian city of Flanders, a police officer who recently attempted to make an arrest was met with fierce resistance by a Muslim mob, which hurled rocks at him. In order to restore order, the officer had to come back later in the day with dozens of other police units.In the Netherlands, the government has released a list of 40  no-go  zones. Many of the areas deemed  no-go  zones boast a large Islamic population where police struggle to enforce the law.Furthermore, some regions in Russia commonly known as hotbeds for radical Islam, including Chechnya and Dagestan, have been described as a  virtual no-go zone  for Russians and tourists. Via:Breitbart News",0
17019,MOTHER OF BENGHAZI VICTIM Rips Into Clueless CNN Anchor [Video],"CNN Anchor Carol Costello acts like she s never heard about the lying that came from Hillary Clinton when Clinton told Patricia Smith that she d get to the bottom of what happened to Mrs. Smith s son in Benghazi. Was Ms. Costello unaware or was she playing dumb? We ll probably never know but the press has been covering for the Obama administration on Benghazi since day one. The cover-up is real and it s happening from the press on up to the White House. The bottom line is that Mrs. Smith is correct and screaming it from the rooftops as any mom would for their child. It s so shameful and sad that once again politics comes before doing the right thing with Obama and Clinton. Both scumbags who left Americans to die in Benghazi  CNN Newsroom host Carol Costello was taken aback when Patricia Smith revealed in conversation that she actually didn t know much about what happened to her son   despite the fact that the Benghazi attack occurred three years ago. Smith responded in kind, claiming that although Clinton promised to  get back to  her following her son s funeral ceremony in Washington, D.C., no one had since contacted her on the matter.  She has not called me. She has not contacted me. She has not given me any information,  she said,  except to tell me that I am not a member of the immediate family and I do not need to know. They told you that?  an obviously surprised Costello asked.As alarming at Smith s claims were, however, she really let her feelings be known when Costello played a clip from Clinton s testimony in January 2013. At the time, Clinton said that it was their job  to figure out what happened and do everything [they could] to prevent it from happening again. Smith s response?  She s lying! She s absolutely lying! The frustrated, bereaved mother of Sean Smith went on to repeat her claim that   despite being the mother of the fallen diplomat   she wasn t told anything after the funeral ceremony because they didn t consider her a member of the immediate family. I saw on TV the bloody fingerprints on the walls over there. I asked specifically,  Are those my son s fingerprints crawling down the walls?  she cried.  Somebody s got to tell me! Clinton previously spoke with Smith during a town hall event in June 2014. Despite the direct address, however, the grieving mother later expressed her frustration with Clinton and demanded the truth.Via: mediate",0
17020,BREAKING: Biden Won’t Run…Is It Because Biden And Obama Can’t Risk Repercussions Of Exposing Hillary? [VIDEO],"This announcement seems to indicate that the Obama regime already knows Hillary is going to be walking away unscathed from the Benghazi hearings tomorrow   Fox News host Andrea Tantaros is pretty sure that Vice President Joe Biden announced on Wednesday that he will not run for president as part of an administration-wide plan to cover up the Benghazi scandal.During a discussion about Biden s decision not to enter the Democratic presidential primary on  Outnumbered,  Tantaros said that the timing of Biden s announcement was suspicious. But when you look at the two scandals that we re facing, that all eyes are going to be on tomorrow, Benghazi, and the email scandal   these are administration-wide scandals. All three of them, President Obama, Joe Biden, Hillary Clinton were there that night. This is their scandal as well,  she said.  This email scandal is their scandal as well. There is no way, there is no chance, that Joe Biden, and President Obama, and their national security team did not know that she was using a private server, breaking the law. They are all in on this, and they are circling the wagons. I cannot stress this enough. This goes all the way to the West Wing, both Benghazi, and the email scandal, and you re watching it play out exactly today. The timing is not a coincidence!  Tantaros continued.John Bolton, who served as the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. under President George W. Bush, agreed with Tantaros. This is an administration-wide problem because it wasn t just Hillary Clinton s failure on Sept. 11, 2012, it was the failure of the administration s world view,  Bolton said.  I really think this was careful political planning. I think they knew today was the right day to do it. Watch Joe the Clown s announcement here:Conservatives sometimes cry  distraction  when breaking news interrupts coverage of a scandal that Republicans are obsessing over. In particular, conservatives often try their hardest to link any news back to Benghazi, a favorite Obama administration scandal.Via: TMP",0
17021,UN Celebrates Its 70th Anniversary With Communist Statue In NYC Park,"In case you hadn t heard, Obama signed a new UN development plan to make America a socialist nation by 2030. Yes, it s true and the UN is celebrating by unveiling a statue celebrating our  global citizenship .  Here are a few of the important points in the plan that spell out the  shared responsibility  with the globe and then information below about the statue in NYC: Communists say that Socialism is the stepping stone to Communism, and the UN 2030 Sustainable Development agenda won t fail to disappoint them. Socialism hinges on several economic factors which coincide with sustainable development goals. They are universal healthcare, universal education, universal employment, and wealth redistribution. All of these are outlined clearly in the UN agreement.For example on the subject of universal healthcare, on page 6, section 26 of  Transforming our World: The 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development  in the section titled  The New Agenda  it states:26. To promote physical and mental health and well-being, and to extend life expectancy for all, we must achieve universal health coverage and access to quality health care. No one must be left behind. We commit to accelerating the progress made to date in reducing newborn, child and maternal mortality by ending all such preventable deaths before 2030. We are committed to ensuring universal access to sexual and reproductive health-care services, including for family planning, information and education.This goal is also repeated as Sustainable Development Goal #3, page 14, section 3.8:3.8 Achieve universal health coverage, including financial risk protection, access to quality essential health-care services and access to safe, effective, quality and affordable essential medicines and vaccines for all.As it pertains to wealth redistribution and universal employment the proof is found on page 7, section 27:27. We will seek to build strong economic foundations for all our countries. Sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth is essential for prosperity. This will only be possible if wealth is shared and income inequality is addressed. We will work to build dynamic, sustainable, innovative and people-centred economies, promoting youth employment and women s economic empowerment, in particular, and decent work for all.Universal employment is also mentioned on page 12 as Sustainable Development Goal #8:Goal 8. Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all.The last time I read the words  shared responsibility  it was when I discovered that the Obamacare fine imposed by the IRS for failing to have health insurance was called the Individual Shared Responsibility Payment. While I thought this had to be a veiled reference to some Marxist dictator s quote, it now appears that it has more to do with the Progressive globalization movement.This weekend the United Nations is set to celebrate its 70th anniversary. As apart of those celebrations the U.N. will unveil a new work of art in New York City titled Enlightened Universe. The U.N. claims this new sculpture is all about Global Citizenship and Shared Responsibility: In celebration of the seventieth anniversary of the United Nations, a monumental art installation entitled Enlightened Universe will be unveiled on Saturday, 24 October, at 4:30 p.m. at the Rumsey Playfield in Central Park. The installation   created by Spanish artist Crist bal Gabarr n   is presented by The Gabarron Foundation in partnership with the United Nations.The commemorative work of art depicts 70 life-size figures joined in hand around a central globe, creating a human chain of global citizenship, respect for nature and shared responsibility. The sphere measures 6,371 millimetres in diameter to correspond to the Earth s average radius of 6,371 kilometres. The 70 figures represent the 70 years of the United Nations. Rumsey Playfield, where the sculpture is to be erected, is an area of the Central Park where concerts and other events are held.Considering that the new United Nations Sustainable Development Plan calls for the United States to become a Socialist nation by 2030, it s not surprising that Obamacare, which was designed to push the U.S. towards government run healthcare, and the United Nations, would  share  the same collectivist, albeit Marxist, vocabulary.Via: Progressives Today",0
17022,"BREAKING: [Video] Obama’s State Dept Miraculously Finds 1,300+ Emails From Ambassador Chris Stevens 2 Days Before Hillary’s Testimony","What a great time for Joe Biden to announce. Hmmm I wonder if Barack had anything to do with the timing of the discovery of these emails? Dirty Chicago politics used against Chicago s hometown girl by their master community organizer  The Obama State Department suddenly discovered and turned over 1,300 pages of emails from former Ambassador Chris Stevens.The emails were delivered just two days before Hillary s testimony before the Benghazi committee.None of the seven previous congressional investigations on Benghazi had access to Ambassador Stevens  emails. And they were just released after more than a year of requests.Via: Gateway PunditThe House Select Committee on Benghazi got a special delivery on Tuesday, two days before its high-profile hearing with former secretary of state Hillary Clinton   1,300 more pages of emails from the State Department.The Republican-led panel took to Twitter to vent about the seemingly late-in-the-game document dump of messages from Christopher Stevens, the ambassador to Libya who died in the Sept. 11, 2012, attacks on the consulate, along with three other Americans.For months, the State Department has been releasing tens of thousands of pages of emails to the committee, but the GOP has consistently complained that the agency has dragged its feet in handing over all the relevant documents. State, for example, only a few weeks ago gave the committee about 900 Libya-related emails from Clinton, which the committee says it asked for at the start of its investigation well over a year ago. Via: Politico",0
17023,[VIDEO] BAD A*S HUNGARIAN MAYOR Tells You Everything You Need To Know About European “Refugee” Crisis : “Police always find knives on the migrants”,"WHY FED UP HUNGARIAN MAYOR Would Send All Illegal Immigrants To US We are now prisoners on our farms. People s calm lives are destroyed, and the people want them back. We bet that if you mentioned Asotthalom before September 16, 2015, people would make big eyes wondering what you just said. But a day later you started googling this Hungarian village and its Mayor Laszlo Toroczkai, whose video message swept the board in the Web.It is 10.00 a. m. Saturday in the village of Asotthalom nearly touching the Hungarian-Serbian border. A smiling sprightly man in jeans and a jacket steps out from his sedan near the municipality. No military clothing, no big hulky bodyguards on jeeps. A vigorous handshake. It is the mayor. I have to work every day, and fortunately the situation with the illegal immigration is better,  Laszlo Toroczkai says instantaneously coming to the point of our talk.This is what made him the most googled Hungarian figure as of right now   a blockbuster trailer-style video stating that  If you are an illegal immigrant, Hungary is a bad choice and Asotthalom is the worst. Once, smugglers had a violent clash with Asotthalom police and two of them were hospitalized as well as the policemen. Later, a group of smugglers were arrested in the village.The Best Employees of Asotthalom Toroczkai criticized the Croatian government, scolding it for fueling this impropriety. Currently Croatia is the main migrant route to Hungary. The Croatian government carries migrants from the Croatian-Serbian border to the Croatian-Hungarian border acting just like human traffickers. And no one talks about it. As for the Hungarian-Serbian border, where Asotthalom is located, the situation relatively scaled down when the government sent the Army to protect the border wall. However, the mayor wants the government to build a better fence there.Now migrants are moving across the village in few groups at night, trying to cross as fast as they can, as  it is unsafe for them here. What the visitors first notice entering Asotthalom is a traffic sign depicting a crossed-out man with a bag behind his back. The mayor explained that the broad meaning of the sign is that  we do not welcome criminals here,  however, it originally targeted a specific crime where swindlers distracted residents by offering things for sale, while their accomplices robbed the house.Migrants intercepted while trying to cross the fence,  the post reads.The mayor lives in farm right at the border and he became one of the first witnesses of the expanding influx of migrants. His neighbor s wife was alone in her house with three little kids when a group of  exclusively young male migrants  broke into her garden at night and wanted to enter her house.Sometimes they do it just to charge their cell phones, sometimes the wait for human traffickers in abandoned houses. But imagine when you are alone and you are a woman with children and a group of men from Islamic or other countries want to enter your house at night on your farm! The mayor s family was trapped in a very similar situation.  My wife woke me up, she was afraid, there were some 40 people, and I ran out of the house with a non-lethal pistol   not to shoot but to scare them off. You would do anything in this situation. I Have Nothing Against Refugees During our conversation Laszlo Torockai several times emphasized and reiterated that he has nothing against refugees. He draws a line between those who are saving their lives (asylum-seekers) and those who are looking for easy money and benefits (economic migrants).Toroczkai argues that Hungary is full of purely economic migrants who are not real refugees, including those from Pakistan, Bangladesh and African countries which are free of wars. When he meets migrants, he always asks them two questions: where are your family, kids and wife, and what are you going to do in Europe?One of the typical answers Toroczkai gets is like this:  I want a Mercedes Cabrio in Monaco , an African man told him. Citing statistics, the mayor emphasized that of all the illegal immigrants in Hungary, 83 percent are young males and only 17 percent are children and women   those whom he considers true refugees. In his book, a man must defend his homeland instead of leaving it in danger. You know, if there is a war in my village, in my country, then my wife and my children will be refugees and I will stay at home to fight for my village and for my country. He stated that if a person agrees to abide by the law in Asotthalom, he or she would not have any problem.READ MORE: Sputnik News ",0
17024,TREY GOWDY: “Look at the facts”…”Ambassador Stevens’ e-mails will give you chills” [Video],Gowdy hammers it with those who say Benghazi was politically motivated Testimony is Thursday so we ll see  ,0
17025,"Obama Celebrates Iran Deal As Senior Iranian Officials Say They Will NOT Uphold Their End Of Deal…Ayatollah: “Negotiation with America is Forbidden,”","Ever feel like a headline you re reading is too unbelievable to be true? I wish we could tell you that was the case. Read on Senior Iranian officials continue to lash out against the recent nuclear deal even as the Obama administration begins to implement it, according to a series of statements by the Islamic Republic s leaders.The aggressive rhetoric comes as the Obama administration celebrated on Sunday the implementation of the deal, hailing it as a  milestone  in U.S. diplomatic history. However, Iran has balked.Ayatollah Ali Khamenei took to his Twitter and Facebook pages to post an announcement titled,  Negotiation with America is Forbidden,  according to translations of the documents provided by the Middle East Media Research Institute.Other Iranian officials have demanded that the U.S. completely terminate economic sanctions, rather than suspend them, per the nuclear deal.Some Iranian leaders have stated that President Obama will announce this week the full termination of sanctions, a move that would likely spark anger on Capitol Hill.The White House said on Sunday that it would move forward with sanctions relief, even as Tehran insists it will not uphold its own end of the accord. Today marks an important milestone toward preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon and ensuring its nuclear program is exclusively peaceful going forward,  Obama said in a statement issued by the White House. I have directed that the heads of all relevant executive departments and agencies of the United States begin preparations to implement the U.S. commitments in the JCPOA, in accordance with U.S. law, including providing relief from nuclear-related sanctions as detailed in the text of the JCPOA once the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has verified that Iran has completed all of its nuclear steps,  Obama said.Critics of the deal maintain that Iran s continued threats of violence against America and Israel could derail the agreement. Iran also has, in recent days, tested ballistic missiles, which is prohibited under United Nations resolutions and potentially a violation of the accord. For America negotiations with the Islamic Republic of Iran means penetration. This is their definition of negotiation and they want to open the way for imposition,  Khameniei declared on October 16, just two days before the deal went into effect.  Negotiation with America is forbidden, because of its countless detriments and because of alleged advantages of which it has none whatsoever. The institute, among others, has warned that these statements could mean that Iran will not honor the deal, even as the United States waives sanctions and releases more than $150 billion to Iran.It is unclear whether Iran will officially announce its adoption of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, the institute said in an analysis of Khamenei s remarks.  It is also not clear whether the U.S. will announce its suspension of sanctions and the E.U. will announce its termination of sanctions, as per the agreement,  the institute said.Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati, a senior Iranian cleric who is secretary general of Iran s Guardian Council, said that declarations by the U.S. administration do not mean Iran is ready to begin upholding the agreement. There are those who think that approval by the [Iranian Parliament] means approval of the execution of the agreement in Iran. This is not so,  Jannati said on Friday in Tehran.  Approval regarding the nuclear agreement is not [approval of] its execution. The nuclear agreement was discussed in the Supreme National Security Council and council members expressed their opinion about it and gave their approval regarding its execution,  he continued.  But Leader [Khamenei] still has not signed it. Iran continues to insist that sanctions be fully terminated and not reimposed in any manner going forward. The termination of the sanctions must be taken seriously. If they are terminated, it is a sign that the nuclear talks and agreement have yielded results,  Jannati said.  But if the other side breaks its promises and instead of terminating the sanctions [merely] freezes or suspends them, this shows that the nuclear agreement was useless. Nejatollah Ebrahimian, a spokesman for the Guardian Council, said on Saturday that the joint plan  remains a political document, not a legal one  because Iran has not officially approved it.Jannati and other leaders have expressed concern that the U.S. will try to force Iran to end its support to terror groups such as Hezbollah. If we do not stand fast against the other side, then the next day they will say that we must officially recognize Israel, give equal rights to men and women, cancel executions, sever relations with Hizbullah, and so on,  he said.Ali Larijani, the speaker of the Iranian parliament, also said in recent days that Iran has not approved the accord. We have not approved the [joint plan] in the way that the other side has said,  Larijani was quoted as saying by the institute.  We also have not said that it should be executed as is, but rather that the [plan] should be placed in the framework of the steps taken by the Supreme National Security Council. Ultimately, this council s approvals are sent for the approval of the Leader. Via: WFB",0
17026,TRUMP WAS RIGHT! Audit Reveals State Dept. Cybersecurity Deteriorated Under Clinton,"New documents appear to show a pattern of deterioration of security at the State Department under Hillary Clinton. The State Department s compliance with federal cybersecurity standards was below average when Clinton took over but grew worse in each year of her tenure, according to an annual report card compiled by the White House based on audits by agency watchdogs. Network security continued to slip after Kerry replaced Clinton in February 2013, and remains substandard, according to the State Department inspector general.In each year from 2011 to 2014, the State Department s poor cybersecurity was identified by the inspector general as a  significant deficiency  that put the department s information at risk. The latest assessment is due to be published in a few weeks.Clinton, the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination, has been criticized for her use of a private email server for official business while she was secretary of state. The FBI is investigating whether her home server was breached by hackers.Via: Breitbart",0
17027,GERMANY: Father And Sons Stab 20 Yr Old Syrian Daughter To Death On Mother’s Orders…Considered “Unclean” After She Was Gang Raped [Video],"This story is for everyone who believes hundreds of thousands of Muslim Syrian refugees will assimilate once they re dumped in America. Here s a newsflash these mostly Muslim men are not going to come to America and assimilate. The body of a 20-year-old Syrian woman,  Rokstan M.,  was unearthed from a shallow grave in the small Saxon town of Dessau last week. Her father and brothers stabbed her to death on her mother s orders, after she was gang-raped by three men. The rape left her  unclean  and the mother allegedly demanded the killing to restore the family s honor. German police are seeking the father and brothers. That by itself is not newsworthy; what is newsworthy is the news itself, which appeared in not one of Germany s major daily newspapers or websites. The tabloid Bild-Zeitung ran the story, along with the regional press, while the arbiters of enlightened opinion buried it. Der Spiegel, the country s biggest news site, and the Frankfurter Algemeine Zeitung, the newspaper of record, made no mention.The case of Rokstan M. is heart-rending. She had found work in Germany as a translator for the government, but she knew her family would track her down and kill her.  I am awaiting death. But I am too young to die,  she had written on a social media profile. Her story deserves a line or two in the quality press. But it s one of many that German leaders want to ignore.Political leaders in Germany which may absorb 1.5 million migrants this year are struggling to respond to reports of a sex crime epidemic among newly-arrived Muslims. Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere urged Germans not to believe rumors of widespread rape at refugee centers, while Germany s police union chief Rainer Wendt warned,  There is a lot of glossing over going on. But this doesn t represent reality.  Wendt added,  It is understandable that there is the desire to calm things down politically. Germany s elite knows perfectly well that the migrants bring social pathologies, because they have already seen the world s worst sex crime epidemic unfold in Scandinavia. Sweden now has the highest incidence of reported rape outside of a few African countries, and nearly ten times the rate of its European peers and all this has happened in the past ten years. Sweden ranks near the top of the World Economic Forum s Gender Gap Index, yet it has become the most dangerous country for women outside of Africa, with an incidence of rape ten times that of its European peers. Sweden s political leaders not only refuse to take action, but have made it a criminal offense to talk about it.Even in liberated, feminist, gender-neutral Sweden, there is something more horrible than rape, something horrible enough to persuade the political elite to sacrifice the physical and mental health of tens of thousands of Swedish women. That is the horror of social disintegration in the Muslim world. Sweden opened its borders to refugees twenty years before the migrant flood arrived on Germany s doorstep, and the foreign born rose from 9% of the population in 1990 to 15.4% in 2012. Foreigners have a higher birth rate, so the percentage is higher including second-generation immigrants.There have been protests, to be sure, and nationalist parties like the Sweden Democrats have gained support on an anti-immigration platform, but Sweden will remain supine as its social fabric unravels. So, I expect, will Germany. Europe is transfixed by the horror unfolding from Libya to Afghanistan, as one of the world s major civilizations unravels in real time. In its moment of agony, the Muslim world s most potent weapon is its own weakness. The human cost of the collapse of Libya, Yemen, Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria is horrendous, but it is small thus far compared to the horrors that would attend instability in Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan and Bangladesh. The West can t bear to look at it. Via: Asia TimesUnfortunately, stories like these are not uncommon in predominately Muslim countries.Here is an 18 year old female who was left for dead after her family failed in their attempt to kill her crime of marrying a man for love:",0
17028,TEXAS GOVERNOR Warns Feds To Stop Illegal Land Grab In Texas [Video],"We wrote about this particular and ongoing situation in Texas but it s getting more and more pressing. The feds are coming in and telling legal land owners who ve owned their ranches for decades that they ll be taking their land:LAND GRAB ALERT: Texas Rancher Could Lose 600 Acres To Feds [Video] KAUZ-TV: Newschannel 6 Now | Wichita Falls, TX Unlawful and wrong!In a letter to Bureau of Land Management (BLM) Director Neil Kornz, Texas Governor Greg Abbott wrote,  The BLM should demonstrate that the federal government still respects private property rights and end this unconscionable land grab.  The letter was sent regarding the ongoing battle between Texas landowners and the federal government.Abbott s letter references the battle between Texas landowners and the BLM first reported nationally by Breitbart Texas in April, 2014. At that time, then Texas Attorney General Abbott told Breitbart Texas in an exclusive interview,  I am about ready to go to the Red River and raise a  Come and Take It  flag to tell the feds to stay out of Texas.  Abbott sent a letter to Kornz on April 22 detailing the concerns over actions taken by the BLM to  swoop in and take land that has been owned and cultivated by Texas landowners for generations. In the Texas Governor s newest letter to the federal agency, Abbott expressed the frustrations felt by many of the landowners who have been involved in this ongoing battle. Abbott wrote,  Texas will not wait any longer. The governor reminded Kornz of his previous letters on this issue.  My fellow Texans and I are still waiting for an answer,  Abbott wrote.  The BLM has yet to identify what land the federal government newly claims as its own. The BLM has yet to identify the legal basis for that claim. And the BLM has yet to identify the process by which Texans can protect their land and private property rights. Read more: Breitbart ",0
17029,“CONVERT OR DIE” And “THE CALIPHATE IS HERE”…Muslim Immigrants “Mark” Swedish Christian Shop Owner’s Buildings With Graffiti,"Sweden is experiencing what happens when your country puts progressive politics ahead of common sense and national security.  Remember to discuss this story with your liberal friends when they gush about how Hillary  won CNN s debate.  Hillary won the hearts of progressives and the media when she attempted to brand herself  the most progressive candidate  on the stage. A spate of Islamist graffiti in the multiculturalist Swedish city Gothenburg has been compared to the harassment of the Jewish community in Germany in the 1930s, with Christian business owners being told to  convert or die .The threats are yet another conflict imported to Europe from the Levant, as the Assyrian Christian Asmar family awoke to find their pizza parlour had been daubed with threats in red paint. Their experience is becoming increasingly common in the city, as legitimate asylum seekers fleeing persecution find it has followed them to Northern Europe, thanks to Sweden s open door immigration policy.The Goteborgs-Posten records the remarks of the local Assyrian association s president:  Imagine yourself having fled from persecution in a country and then to find yourself staying next door to ISIS sympathizers here in Sweden. It is everyday life for many people . Convert Or Die!  / Syrian Academic FoundationAs well as the vandalism on the Asmar pizzeria, written in Swedish but unusually drawn out in a Gothic script, local Assyrian Christians have found the message  the Caliphate is here  and the Islamic glyph for  N  ( )written on their walls. In Syria and elsewhere in the Arab world, the   has come to be a sign of persecution, marking inhabitants out as devotees of Nazareth   Jesus Christ   and thus fair targets for persecution.Yusuf Asmar, who operates the pizzeria, compares their situation to that of the Jews in Nazi Germany. He said:  It feels extremely uncomfortable that this has come to Gothenburg, Sweden. There is no doubt that it is directed at me as a Christian and Assyrian  It feels like persecution of Jews in the 30s when Jews in Germany had Stars of David painted on its doors. Now it happens here .He said that under Swedish law, radical Islamists and ISIS supporters appeared free to come and go as they pleased, a situation  politicians must take seriously .Police inspector Bertil Claesson said that while they would look into the graffiti, it wouldn t be classified as a hate crime   the city has yet to establish a specialist task force to look into such things   but it would be difficult to investigate. He said:  No witnesses or forensic evidence that can be traced, it is almost impossible to investigate such cases. The only possibility is if someone has seen something and we get tips from the public .This sort of inter-ethnic and religious conflict is becoming a steady hallmark of the European migrant crisis, as the continent imports wholesale human beings from destabilised parts of the world. Breitbart London reported in September on the grenade attacks now common in Sweden, where different migrant groups continue conflicts with explosives imported from Eastern Europe.Via: Breitbart News London",0
17030,PRISON PORK BAN: We Have Great News For Prisoners But Bad News For Pigs,"Just start asking questions and the Obama administration reverses course very interesting. The  validity of the claim  that prisoners don t like pork was called into question by Sen. Chuck Grassley and then the quick reversal on the prison pork ban. The Obama administration wouldn t be lying? Haha! Hummm The Obama administration did a rapid U-turn on its decision to remove pork products from federal prisons after a few questions from Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley.The federal Bureau of Prisons  reversal of the Oct. 1 menu change comes just one week after its spokesman, Edmond Ross, said pork was the  lowest-rated  food among inmates. To corroborate the validity of the claim that prisoners indicated a lack of interest in pork products, I am requesting copies of the prisoner surveys and responses that were used to support the determination to no longer serve pork in federal prisons,  the Republican senator wrote to the agency on Thursday, the Washington Post reported.  Please provide any economic evaluations the Bureau of Prisons has relied on that detail the cost of pork as compared to beef, chicken, and non-meat products such as tofu and soy products. Pig products were back on the menu within hours of the letter s publication.Grassley also happens to be the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, which oversees the federal prison system.Read more: WND",0
17031,WHY REUTERS IS SAYING With “reasonable confidence” A Republican Will Win The White House In 2016,"After examining the data Reuters used to make their bold prediction, we noticed they hadn t given any consideration to the high probability that Democrats will likely find a way to give illegal aliens the opportunity to cast their ballots in 2016. Illegal alien voters aside, here is Reuters interesting (and somewhat hopeful) study Elections are not mysterious events subject to the whimsy of unpredictable candidates and voters. They re actually highly predictable, with a set of variables that influence outcomes in familiar ways.Because of that, we can say, with reasonable confidence, that a Republican will be moving into the White House in 2017.That conclusion is based on the results of a data model we created, and is primarily the result of two factors, both related to the challenges faced by  successor  candidates   candidates from the same party as the incumbent. First, a Republican will win because voters typically shy away from the party currently in power when an incumbent isn t running. In fact, a successor candidate is three times less likely to win. Second, President Barack Obama s approval ratings are too low to suggest a successor candidate will take the White House.Why are we so confident, especially when opinion poll data now gives Hillary Clinton the edge over most Republican opponents? The simple answer is that we re relying on models, not polls.At this point in the election cycle, poll data asking the  horserace  question ( Who will you vote for in November 2016? ) can be very misleading. This far from Election Day, published poll data is off by an average of 8 percentage points compared with the true election outcome. That s an enormous number when we re used to elections where candidates win by two to three points.Time Before Election Average error of polls (compared to final results)One week 1.7%One month 2.7%Two months 3.8%Three months 4.8%Six months 5.8%Nine months 6.9%Twelve months 7.9%Source: Ipsos analysis of 300 polls across 40 markets from 1980 through currentModeling results is a simple concept: look at past data, identify patterns, and use those patterns to make predictions. So we begin by aggregating data from past U.S. presidential elections, but are immediately hampered by the fact that there aren t very many elections to work from   25 if we go back 100 years.So we created a much larger database of elections by looking beyond the United States to hundreds of presidential and parliamentary elections in democratic countries around the world. This exercise gave us far more data to work with: a sample size of more than 450 elections from 35 countries.The most important finding from our model is the power of incumbency: if you already hold the office you seek, you are far more likely than not to retain it. Our model showed that incumbents have a threefold greater chance of beating their opponent. When no incumbent is running, successor candidates (in this case, Democrats) are three times less likely to win.Our model proves the power of presidential approval ratings. It determines that in order for a successor candidate to have better than even chances of winning, the sitting president must have an approval rating of above 55 percent. Because Barack Obama s average approval rating is now at 45 percent, a successor candidate (i.e. Democrat) is unlikely to win.President (Govt) approval rating INCUMBENT probability of victorySUCCESSOR probability of victory40% 55%6%45% 78%14%50% 90%28%55% 96%49%60% 98%71%Source: Ipsos analysis of over 450 elections since 1938Our model works on the basis of probabilities, and is focused at the party level rather than the candidate level. It seeks only to predict the likelihood of a change to the party in power. It has an 85 percent predictive ability, so it s right most   but not all   of the time. Things that could confound the model include rapid changes to Obama s approval rating, or unusually high or low turnout (which can be driven by  wild card  candidates or other factors).In the coming months, Obama s approval ratings may tick up. But they would have to pass the 55 point mark to give the Democrats even odds of keeping the White House. This is extremely unlikely, given the fact that presidential approval typically declines over time, and Obama s ratings are no exception.Some will argue that Hillary Clinton is special; that her chances are significantly better because, given her popularity and status as a  legacy  candidate, she seems more like an incumbent. But if we go along with that hypothesis and run it through our model, at Obama s current approval ratings, Clinton s chances of winning the general election are still less than half.The Democrats have quite a mountain to summit to retain power past 2016.Via: Reuters",0
17032,FBI SAYS DEM PRESIDENTIAL FRONTRUNNER HILLARY Could Face 10 Years In Prison…FBI Furious As Obama Interferes With Investigation,"The corrupt covering for the corrupt. Chicago politics at its best Hillary Clinton could be prosecuted in federal court for failing to tell President Barack Obama about her private email server at the time she was running it, according to a veteran FBI agent. Obama said flatly during a  60 Minutes  interview on Sunday that  No,  he did not know Clinton sidestepped security protocols with her a home-brew email setup while she was his secretary of state.The FBI agent who spoke with DailyMail.com has had a 20-year career in federal law enforcement and serves in a supervisory capacity in a domestic FBI field office.He said on Friday that failing to put Obama in the loop could be enough to send her to prison for ten years. Via:Daily MailEver since he opined that the police had  acted stupidly  prior to the infamous and embarrassing  beer summit , Obama has shown himself eager to interfere with ongoing investigations for political reasons. When thuglet Trayvon Martin provided an good example of why jumping and beating down a stranger is a bad evolutionary strategy, Obama jumped on the race-baiting bandwagon saying if he had a son, that son would look like Martin. When the Justice Department was looking into the illegal use of the IRS to harass opponents of the administration, Obama said  there is not even a smidgen of corruption.  When deserter and failed turncoat Bowe Bergdahl was released by the Taliban, Obama had his hippie parents over for a Rose Garden ceremony even though he was known at the time to be a deserter. Now Obama has interjected himself into the investigation into the fate of top secret documents illegally stored on Hillary Clinton s private server. From his 60 Minutes interview with Steve Kroft on October 11:Steve Kroft: Do you think it posed a national security problem?President Barack Obama: I don t think it posed a national security problem. I think that it was a mistake that she has acknowledged and  you know, as a general proposition, when we re in these offices, we have to be more sensitive and stay as far away from the line as possible when it comes to how we handle information, how we handle our own personal data. And, you know, she made a mistake. She has acknowledged it. I do think that the way it s been ginned-up is in part because of  in part  because of politics. And I think she d be the first to acknowledge that maybe she could have handled the original decision better and the disclosures more quickly. But Steve Kroft: What was your reaction when you found out about it?President Barack Obama: This is one of those issues that I think is legitimate, but the fact that for the last three months this is all that s been spoken about is an indication that we re in presidential political season.Steve Kroft: Do you agree with what President Clinton has said and Secretary Clinton has said, that this is not  not that big a deal. Do you agree with that?President Barack Obama: Well, I m not going to comment on Steve Kroft: You think it s not that big a deal President Barack Obama: What I think is that it is important for her to answer these questions to the satisfaction of the American public. And they can make their own judgment. I can tell you that this is not a situation in which America s national security was endangered.Steve Kroft: This administration has prosecuted people for having classified material on their private computers.President Barack Obama: Well, I  there s no doubt that there had been breaches, and these are all a matter of degree. We don t get an impression that here there was purposely efforts  on  in  to hide something or to squirrel away information. But again, I m gonna leave it to This can only be seen as an attempt by Obama to tell the federal prosecutors who will ultimately decide what, if any, charges should be made in this case that there is nothing to see here:Those statements angered F.B.I. agents who have been working for months to determine whether Ms. Clinton s email setup had in fact put any of the nation s secrets at risk, according to current and former law enforcement officials.Investigators have not reached any conclusions about whether the information on the server had been compromised or whether to recommend charges, according to the law enforcement officials. But to investigators, it sounded as if Mr. Obama had already decided the answers to their questions and cleared anyone involved of wrongdoing.The White House quickly backed off the president s remarks and said Mr. Obama was not trying to influence the investigation. But his comments spread quickly, raising the ire of officials who saw an instance of the president trying to influence the outcome of a continuing investigation   and not for the first time.A spokesman for the F.B.I. declined to comment. But Ron Hosko, a former senior F.B.I. official who retired in 2014 and is now the president of the Law Enforcement Legal Defense Fund, said it was inappropriate for the president to  suggest what side of the investigation he is on  when the F.B.I. is still investigating. Injecting politics into what is supposed to be a fact-finding inquiry leaves a foul taste in the F.B.I. s mouth and makes them fear that no matter what they find, the Justice Department will take the president s signal and not bring a case,  said Mr. Hosko, who maintains close contact with current agents.Several current and former law enforcement officials, including those close to the investigation, expressed similar sentiments in separate interviews over several days. Most, however, did so only on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the case.Contrary to what Hillary s campaign is saying, we now have it on pretty good authority that the FBI is conducting an investigation under the part of the Espionage Act that pertains to gross negligence in the handling of Defense information. That information, at a minimum, is the two Top Secret Keyhole satellite derived documents discovered by the Intelligence Community IG though it could be any of the over 400 emails containing classified information that have been uncovered so far.(f) Whoever, being entrusted with or having lawful possession or control of any document, writing, code book, signal book, sketch, photograph, photographic negative, blueprint, plan, map, model, instrument, appliance, note, or information, relating to the national defense, (1) through gross negligence permits the same to be removed from its proper place of custody or delivered to anyone in violation of his trust, or to be lost, stolen, abstracted, or destroyed, or (2) having knowledge that the same has been illegally removed from its proper place of custody or delivered to anyone in violation of its trust, or lost, or stolen, abstracted, or destroyed, and fails to make prompt report of such loss, theft, abstraction, or destruction to his superior officer  Shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both. Via: Red State",0
17033,SHOCKING TAXPAYER TAB FOR OBAMA’S GOLF Trips And Fundraisers In February And March 2015,"Meanwhile, most Americans can t afford to take a single vacation Judicial Watch announced today that it has obtained records from the U.S. Department of the Air Force revealing that Barack Obama s February and March 2015 travel for golf vacations and fundraisers totaled $4,436,245.50 in taxpayer-funded transportation expenses. The documents regarding the Obama travel expenses came in response to two Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests filed by Judicial Watch.To date, the Secret Service has not provided requested information, as required by FOIA, regarding security costs.Using the Air Force s official cost estimate of $206,337 per hour, the newly released records obtained by Judicial Watch show:Obama s February 14, 2015, golf outing to Palm Springs required a five-hour flight, costing taxpayers a total of $1,031,685. Transportation for Obama s February 19 day trip to Chicago cost taxpayers $619,011.00. Transportation for Obama s March 2015 fundraising trip to Los Angeles cost taxpayers $1,980,835.20. Obama s March 28, 2015, golf outing to Palm city required a 3.9-hour flight, costing taxpayers $804,870.30. In Palm Springs, Obama played golf at the luxurious Sunnylands country club, located on the former estate of the late ambassadors Walter and Leonore Annenberg. Obama reportedly spent the weekend on the exclusive, gated property, where he has twice stayed before.Obama s February trip to Chicago was billed by the White House as a non-political event to declare the Pullman Historic District a national monument. But, press reports indicated that the trip was heavily political. In a CNN story entitled,  Obama gives Emanuel re-election boost: President Barack Obama went to Chicago bearing gifts Thursday for his former chief of staff, Mayor Rahm Emanuel   But the day had all the trappings of a campaign   and Obama even made an unannounced stop at a Kenwood campaign office for Emanuel on his way out of town.  I m glad he s my mayor, and I m glad he s going to be my mayor for another four years,  Obama told volunteers.Obama s travel to California was solely to raise money for the Democratic National Committee and to show his support for fellow Democrats nationwide. His visit to Los Angeles began with an appearance on ABC s late night comedy program  Jimmy Kimmel Live,  and continued on to include a  roundtable discussion  fundraiser hosted at the Santa Monica home of ICM Partners cofounder Chris Silbermann and his wife Julia Franz. Guests paid up to $33,400 per couple for attendance, donations that will be used to aid DNC activities during the approaching 2016 election cycle. Obama s March 12 fundraising trip to Los Angeles was his 32nd fundraiser in L.A. County since he became president.In Palm City, Obama played golf at the  spectacular  Floridian National Golf Club, where members pay a $50,000 initiation fee and $15,000 in annual dues. According to the resort s website,  This stunning, yet formidable par 71 will certainly impress. At 7,114 yards, the 18-hole course offers perfectly manicured rolling fairways and greens, demanding hazards, breathtaking views of the St. Lucie River, and is surrounded by natural preserve and native wildlife. Taxpayers should be outraged that Barack Obama s wastes 4.4 million of their precious tax dollars on golf vacations and political fundraising,  said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton.  And to make matters worse, the Secret Service has simply refused to respond to our requests for documents about the security costs of these controversial trips. The Obama travel scandal is about abuse of office, abuse of the taxpayer, and contempt for the rule of law. Records released earlier this year by Judicial Watch showed that Michelle Obama s 2014 trip to China cost more than $360,000 in air transportation costs. Judicial Watch uncovered an expensive combination of trips by the Obamas to Africa and Honolulu, which cost taxpayers $15,885,585.30 in flight expenses. The single largest prior known expense for accommodations was for Michelle Obama s side-trip to Dublin, Ireland, during the 2013 G-8 conference in Belfast, when she and her entourage booked 30 rooms at the five-star Shelbourne Hotel, with the first lady staying in the 1500 square-foot Princess Grace suite at a cost of $3,500 a night. The total cost to taxpayers for the Obamas  Ireland trip was $7,921,638.66. To date, the known travel expenses of the Obamas and Vice President Joe Biden exceed $61million. Via: Judicial Watch",0
