id,title,text,label
6262,Pamela Geller: Universities Normalizing Anti-Semitic Voices like Linda Sarsour but Silencing Jewish Conservatives,"On Monday’s Breitbart News Daily, Pamela Geller, president of the American Freedom Defense Initiative, discussed her group’s upcoming protest against a speech by Muslim activist Linda Sarsour at City University of New York. [“I’m a free speech activist. This is not about free speech,” Geller explained. “Linda Sarsour is free to speak on college campuses and, by the way, frequently does. ”  “We are protesting the invitation by CUNY, City University of New York  —   a   university, and by the way, with a student body that’s over 25 percent Jewish  —   of a vicious   a leader of the BDS movement, Boycott Divestment and Sanction of Israel movement, a supporter of sharia,” she continued. “The idea that this was the best that CUNY could do, this is the role model that they are holding up to our children to emulate, is just obscene,” Geller declared.  “If you look at history, this idea of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanction movement, the inspiration was the German boycott of the German Jews, which preceded Kristallnacht, the economic boycott,” she said. “This is the same thing, and the Nazi boycott of the Jews was the antecedent to BDS. ” “Here you have a woman, Linda Sarsour, who has said that Ayaan Hirsi Ali and Brigitte Gabriel deserve an   and should have their vaginas cut off,” Geller said of Sarsour. “She has said that the Christmas Day underwear bomber who tried to blow up a plane on Christmas Day over Detroit was a CIA plot. We could go on and on. This is who CUNY University of New York is holding up as the example? She stands on a stage with a convicted terrorist who murdered Jews, Rasmea Odeh. She stands on a stage with her. Her family has been convicted of jihad terror. Her brother, I think, is still in jail. ”  “I could go on and on,” said Geller, before proceeding to do so. “There’s a list of things. She has said nothing is creepier than Zionism, Israel is an apartheid state, Prime Minister Netanyahu is a waste of a human being and a racist, and on and on. She faked a hate crime against herself to score political points nationally by portraying a mentally ill black homeless man as a violent racist. By the way, everyone in the neighborhood knew the man and sort of likes the man. ” “It really was a disgusting display, a P. R. stunt  —   which, by the way, she’s very good at,” Geller continued. “When she supposedly raised money after there were hundreds of Jewish cemetery gravestones  —   I think it was in Philly  —   that were desecrated they’re knocked over. She pulled off this publicity stunt, which, by the way, the media loves, to raise money to help restore the stones. She loves dead Jews, okay? Live ones, not so much. ”  “So yes, this Thursday at noon  —   so if you’re in New York, it’s your lunch hour, no excuses!  —   you come to the CUNY offices, which is 205 East 42nd street,” she announced. “We’re having a demonstration against the invitation of this       to give the keynote speech, when universities have disinvited Ayaan Hirsi Ali, disinvited Nonie Darwish, disinvited Ann Coulter. ” “We cannot sanction this. This is the mainstreaming. This is the norming of evil. This is the norming of ” she contended. “Milo is coming in to speak  —   yes, Milo!” said Geller, referring to former Breitbart News editor Milo Yiannopoulos. “Assemblyman Dov Hikind is speaking. Nonie Darwish is flying in to speak. My friend Caroline Glick is giving me a statement. She’s in Israel. John Guandolo, the counterterrorism expert and founder of Understanding the Threat is speaking. ” “Ambassador John Bolton is trying to come in to speak,” she continued. “We have Lauri Regan for the Endowment for Middle East Truth and National Women’s Committee [of the Republican Jewish Coalition]. We have David Wood, Acts 17 Apologetics. ”  “You have to come!” she urged. “Because if you don’t come, what you’re saying is you don’t care. Silence is affirmation. ”  “It reminds of in the 1920s, Hitler’s party. Before it was the National Socialist Workers’ Party, it was the National Socialist Party  —   and they were a violent group of rabble that were on the absolute fringe of German society,” she recalled. “They were not taken seriously. He had some popular following in the beer halls  —   German white trash, as it were. He was nowhere. It was not until 1929 when a coalition of political parties invited him to join them in the German referendum of 1929 it was a referendum against the Versailles treaty. It was at that moment, in my estimation of studying history, where history turned, where you normed Hitler, where you sanctioned Hitler. You invited him to join the mainstream. Everything changed for him after that. ” “This is what I see happening now, where voices of freedom like myself and my colleagues are marginalized, demonized, and rendered radioactive  —   and you norm a Linda Sarsour, who made her bones on the backs of Jews, who made her bones on  . That’s her racket. ”  “And for CUNY, whose student population is over 25 percent Jewish, to invite her to keynote the commencement on Shavuot they made it on a Jewish holiday!” Geller exclaimed. “That’s the Jewish holiday where God gave the Jews law, Jewish law. To make it on that day  —   what are observant Jews supposed to do? Choose between Sarsour and Shavuot? The whole thing is vile and disgusting, and it needs to be opposed. ” Marlow suggested it was the provision of public funds for Sarsour’s “  garbage,   garbage” that was supremely objectionable when so many other speakers have been turned away in recent years. “They couldn’t find anyone better?” Geller asked rhetorically. “Go to Facebook. Just search ‘Sarsour protest.’ All the information is there. Bring signs. Bring your friends. Stand up. Show them we will not be steamrolled by this   alliance. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
6263,Quebec Mosque Attack Forces Canadians to Confront a Strain of Intolerance - The New York Times,"QUEBEC  —   In a world often hostile to migration, Canada has stood out, welcoming thousands of refugees fleeing war and seeking a haven. It has been a   time for Canada, proud of its national tolerance. On Sunday, that was upended when a man walked into a mosque and started shooting, killing six people and wounding eight. The man accused of being the gunman, Alexandre Bissonnette, was charged with six counts of murder on Monday. The nation quickly rallied after the attack. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau called it an act of terrorism, and there was a collective outpouring of remorse and empathy. But the attack also forced Canadians to confront a growing intolerance and extremism that has taken root particularly among some people in this   corner of the country. It was also a wrenching event for a country not accustomed to mass killings and even less used to the acrimonious immigration debate that has echoed from across the United States. Before Sunday, many Canadians were watching the immigration ban there with fascination and, for the most part, disgust. “Muslim Canadians are valued members of every community and wherever they live they deserve to feel safe they are home here,” Mr. Trudeau said at a memorial near the mosque in the Ste. Foy neighborhood in Monday evening’s biting cold. “We are all Canadians. Let peace unite us all. ” Yet while Canadian public figures of all stripes closed ranks quickly to reaffirm their solidarity with Muslims in Canada and tighten their embrace of multiculturalism, the killings remained a tear in the fabric of a nation in transformation. “Canada took in roughly 30, 000 Syrian refugees in a   period  —   proportionate to the U. S. taking in 225, 000 over that time,” said David B. Harris, a lawyer and a director at Insignis Strategic Research, a counterterrorism consultancy. “These are dramatic developments in the life of any nation. ” Mr. Bissonnette, 27, who was also charged with five counts of attempted murder, appeared at the Quebec City courthouse looking boyish in a white jumpsuit. He was not charged with terrorism, which under Canada’s Criminal Code requires a broad proof of intent to intimidate the public. The shooting was the first time anyone had been killed in a mosque in Canada in such circumstances and was, at least in recent times, a rare event outside the Muslim world. The attack was particularly shocking for Quebec City, where the bulk of the population of 750, 000 works for the provincial government, universities or in tourism. Until Sunday there had not been any murders in the city for 21 months. Mr. Bissonnette was well known to people who monitor   groups in Quebec, where he frequently commented on sites speaking about immigration and Islam. He was a particularly vocal supporter of Marine Le Pen, leader of France’s far right, when she visited the city last year. He was a student of anthropology and political science at Laval University, just minutes from where the shooting took place, according to people who monitored his online activities. “He was not a leader and was not affiliated with the groups we know,” said François Deschamps, a job counselor at Carrefour Jeunesse, a community organization that helps young people find jobs. Mr. Deschamps, who also runs an online group to help refugees called Bienvenue aux Réfugiés, said he had watched Mr. Bissonnette’s   postings for about a year. “The minute I saw his picture this morning, I recognized him,” Mr. Deschamps said by telephone, adding that Mr. Bissonnette used his real name online. Mr. Bissonnette and his family live in   a western suburb of Quebec City that lies in the shadow of a towering railroad trestle. Neighbors said there was nothing remarkable about the quiet young man. “We knew the family for 30 years,” said Alain Dufour, a neighbor. He said Mr. Bissonnette and his brother were “normal kids, nothing indicating bizarre behavior. ” Even outspoken critics of the religion recoiled at the prospect that an increasingly acrimonious debate over rising Islamic immigration may have contributed to the violence. Kellie Leitch, a conservative member of Parliament who has proposed screening immigrants for “Canadian values,” issued a statement calling the attack “not just on those gathered in a house of worship but on the very fabric of Canadian society. ” Quebec has had a history of confrontations with the Muslim community. In 2005, the province became the first to explicitly ban the use of Shariah law and, less than a decade later, the Parti Québécois government tried to pass a “charter of values” that would have banned provincial employees from wearing Muslim head scarves and other “overt” religious symbols. Quebec City, meanwhile, is a conservative bastion within the province and home to   radio talk shows that push an   agenda  —   unusual for Canadian broadcasters. Lise Ravary, a columnist for the tabloid Journal de Montreal, said it might be time for the debate to calm down. “I am a very vocal opponent of Islamism, and I realize now that whenever I condemn ISIS a lot of people view this as me condemning every Muslim on earth,” she said by telephone on Monday. “  looms for the common good. ” Mohammed Amin, in charge of social activities at the mosque, said the community had a “cordial relationship” with its neighbors. He dismissed the pig’s head that was left at the mosque’s door last year as “a small incident” that could happen anywhere. But other leaders at the mosque said there have been hate letters, and swastikas painted on its door, episodes that led to the installation of eight security cameras. “We’ve had to be very, very vigilant, careful for our community,” said Boufeldga Benabdallah, a   of the mosque. Of the victims, he said, “The prayed beside us and they were shot in the back because they prayed. ” Ste. Foy, the postwar suburb where the attack occurred, is far from the walled city center, which is stuffed with historic buildings and tourists. The victims came from a variety of countries of origin and occupations. Azzeddine Soufiane, 57, was a butcher with a shop down the street from the mosque. Khaled Belkacemi, the oldest victim at 60, was a professor of soil and   engineering at Laval University, according to members of the mosque. Mamadou Tanou Barry, an information technology worker, and Ibrahima Barry, a provincial public servant, were brothers,   reported. Aboubaker Thabti, 44, came to Canada in 2011 from Tunisia and had two children. A programming analyst with the provincial government, Abdelkrim Hassane, 41, was father to three daughters. “Certainly Islamophobia has been increasing for some time,” Samer Majzoub, president of the Canadian Muslim Forum, said by telephone from Montreal. But he said the attack was nonetheless shocking. “It is overwhelming, unthinkable,” he said.",0
6265,Wells Fargo Scandal Blocks Severance Pay for Laid-Off Workers - The New York Times,"For more than 400 employees recently laid off by Wells Fargo, the aftermath of the bank’s scandal over sham accounts has had an unexpected consequence: The bank is prohibited from paying the severance it owes them. In   Wells Fargo’s federal regulator, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, imposed additional restrictions on the troubled bank. The rules, part of which are intended to curb golden parachute packages, limit what payments Wells Fargo is permitted to make to terminated employees without explicit regulatory approval. Routine severance pay is sometimes exempted from such restrictions, but the federal rules for golden parachute pay are complex, and Wells Fargo’s severance plan is not eligible for the exemption, according to Diana Rodriguez, a bank spokeswoman. Former employees at all levels of the company, from    branch workers to corporate executives, are affected by the hold. Wells Fargo’s severance packages typically run from six weeks of pay to as long as 16 months, depending on the employee’s length of service. The people affected are those whose jobs have been cut as part of Wells Fargo’s regular business adjustments. They are not accused of wrongdoing. Workers who are fired for cause, such as those involved in the scandal, are not eligible for severance. In recent years, the bank has terminated 5, 300 employees in connection with its misconduct. The bank has asked the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency for approval to make severance payments but has not yet received it, Ms. Rodriguez said. The payments add up to several million dollars. Wells Fargo has temporarily stopped all layoffs until it can resolve the issue. The freeze began on Nov. 21, three days after the bank was notified of the additional restrictions. But about 400 workers who were terminated right before the additional restrictions were imposed are caught in limbo. Wells Fargo has told them that their severance payments are indefinitely delayed. “We are deeply sorry for the hardship this creates for affected team members, and we are doing everything in our power to resolve the situation as quickly as possible,” Ms. Rodriguez said. Bryan Hubbard, a spokesman for the O. C. C. declined to elaborate beyond the highly technical   statement the agency released in November describing the additional restrictions being placed on Wells Fargo. Wells Fargo has been in turmoil since September, when it admitted that thousands of its employees, under pressure to meet aggressive sales goals, had created as many as two million fraudulent accounts in the names of real customers. Some customers did not learn of the sham accounts until they began incurring fees on them. The O. C. C.  —   which participated in a $185 million settlement deal with Wells Fargo that resolved several government lawsuits  —   initially let the bank off fairly lightly, exempting it from some of the restrictions normally imposed on banks that break the law. Two months later, it reversed course and tightened its grip. What kind of oversight banks will face in the future is an open question. President Trump said this week that he intended to “dramatically reduce federal regulations” and do “a big number” on the   Act, the   law that increased Wall Street restrictions. Republicans have already begun floating proposals to strip funding and powers from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the regulatory agency that, with the O. C. C. investigated Wells Fargo and drew national attention to its illegal acts. Investigators, including some hired by Wells Fargo, are still figuring out the full extent of the bank’s misdeeds. In a meeting this month with Wells Fargo employees, Timothy J. Sloan  —   who took over in October, after the bank’s longtime leader, John G. Stumpf, was felled by the scandal  —   acknowledged what a number of employees had previously said: that the bank may have retaliated against some workers who had tried to blow the whistle internally on its actions. Wells Fargo hired an outside investigator to review all calls made in the last five years to the bank’s ethics hotline in which the employee gave a name. About 40 percent of those who called identified themselves, the bank said. In reviewing the records of employees who were fired within 12 months of making a call, the bank’s investigator found a few cases that “raised questions,” Mr. Sloan said. “Even though it’s a very small number, anything more than zero is too large. ” The bank is still researching those cases. Wells Fargo will “work with each individual” on potential remedies, Richele J. Messick, a Wells Fargo spokeswoman, said. “We are continuing to investigate, and whatever we find, we will make right,” Ms. Messick said. Separately, Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, asked the Department of Labor to provide an update this week on the status of its investigation of Wells Fargo. In September, Thomas E. Perez, the labor secretary at the time, promised a “   review” of complaints filed against Wells Fargo. But a Labor Department web page on which Wells Fargo employees could report violations has abruptly disappeared, Ms. Warren noted in a letter sent on Friday. “Taking down this website enables Wells Fargo to escape full responsibility for its fraudulent actions and the department to shirk its outstanding obligations to American workers,” Ms. Warren wrote. That page was taken down in early January, nearly two weeks before Mr. Trump’s inauguration, according to Stephen Barr, a Labor Department spokesman. He declined to comment on why the page had been removed. “The investigation is ongoing,” Mr. Barr said. “We’re going to respond to the senator, but there’s no change here in the status of the review. ”",0
6266,"Trump Is Keeping His Promises, Cutting Taxes, Building A Wall, Repealing Obamacare","ZeroHedge.com ALL CONTENT ON 'SGTREPORT.COM' AS WELL AS THE 'SGTBULL07' YOUTUBE CHANNEL IS PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. 'SGTREPORT' ASSUMES ALL INFORMATION TO BE TRUTHFUL AND RELIABLE; HOWEVER, THE CONTENT ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NO MATERIAL HERE CONSTITUTES ""INVESTMENT ADVICE"" NOR IS IT A RECOMMENDATION TO BUY OR SELL ANY FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO STOCKS, COMMODITIES, OPTIONS, BONDS, FUTURES, OR INTRINSICALLY VALUELESS FEDERAL RESERVE NOTES, PRINTED FROM THIN AIR BY A PRIVATELY OWNED, THIEVING, OFFSHORE CORPORATION, OPERATED BY SATAN HIMSELF. ACTIONS YOU UNDERTAKE AS A CONSEQUENCE OF ANY ANALYSIS, OPINION OR ADVERTISEMENT ON THIS SITE ARE YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY. THANK YOU. Privacy Policy",0
6267,"Oscar Pistorius Is Unfit to Testify at Sentencing, Psychologist Says - The New York Times","LONDON  —   Oscar Pistorius, the   Olympic runner who shot his girlfriend to death in 2013, is unfit to testify at his sentencing for murder, a defense psychologist said as a hearing opened on Monday in a court in Pretoria, South Africa. “Currently, in my opinion, he is not able to testify,” the psychologist, Jonathan Scholtz, told Judge Thokozile Matilda Masipa of the High Court in Pretoria, arguing that Mr. Pistorius should be hospitalized rather than imprisoned. “His condition is severe. ” Under questioning from Mr. Pistorius’s defense lawyer, Barry Roux, Dr. Scholtz gave a largely sympathetic account of Mr. Pistorius’s background, personality and mental health. Dr. Scholtz said Mr. Pistorius showed symptoms of depression, anxiety and   stress disorder. He also said Mr. Pistorius was taking psychiatric medication and had problems with   memory. Gerrie Nel, the chief prosecutor, rejected that argument, saying that Mr. Pistorius had not expressed remorse for the death of his girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp. Mr. Nel also questioned Dr. Scholtz’s assertion that Mr. Pistorius was unable to testify, given that Mr. Pistorius recently gave an interview, his first about the killing, to the television network ITV. The interview is scheduled to be broadcast on June 24, which is probably after his sentencing. Guidelines call for a sentence of at least 15 years, but the judge has discretion to render a lighter or tougher sentence. The decision, which is not expected until later this week, will bring to a close a case that has riveted and divided South Africa. Mr. Pistorius, 29, was found guilty in December of murdering Ms. Steenkamp after South Africa’s top appeals court overturned a lower court’s conviction on the lesser charge of manslaughter. The court found that the earlier conviction had been based on a misinterpretation of laws and an erroneous dismissal of circumstantial evidence. The appeals court said Mr. Pistorius, who insists that he accidentally killed Ms. Steenkamp under the mistaken belief that an intruder had broken into his home, should have foreseen that his actions would kill someone. He fired four shots through a locked bathroom door, killing Ms. Steenkamp, who was on the other side. In a country with a high crime rate, the fear of home intrusion cuts across social and racial lines, and high walls and security guards are common in gated communities like the one where Mr. Pistorius lived in Pretoria. Mr. Pistorius’s arrest in the killing of Ms. Steenkamp on Feb. 14, 2013, sent South Africans reeling. Known as the Blade Runner for the flexible   prosthetic legs he used when competing, Mr. Pistorius achieved worldwide fame by challenging   athletes, most notably at the 2012 London Games. He won medals at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Paralympics. Ms. Steenkamp, who was 29 at the time of her death, was a model, a law school graduate and a budding   star. In September 2014  —   after a lengthy and highly publicized trial that was likened to the   trial of O. J. Simpson in the United States  —   Judge Masipa convicted Mr. Pistorius of culpable homicide but found him not guilty of murder. She found that prosecutors had failed to present “strong circumstantial evidence” and to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Mr. Pistorius had shown intent to kill. Prosecutors, and Ms. Steenkamp’s family, argued that Mr. Pistorius had deliberately killed his girlfriend after an argument. Although Mr. Pistorius was regarded as a hero to many in South Africa, the trial revealed another, darker side: a man with a mercurial temper, given to jealousy and occasional anger an aggressive driver an irresponsible gun owner and a celebrity who was used to getting his way. In their appeal, prosecutors argued that Judge Masipa had misinterpreted a crucial legal concept in finding Mr. Pistorius not guilty of murder. They argued that, under a legal principle known as dolus eventualis, Mr. Pistorius should be found guilty because he should have known that firing through the locked door would kill the person inside. The Supreme Court of Appeal, in Bloemfontein, agreed. Mr. Pistorius was released from prison in October after serving one year of the   sentence for manslaughter, and he has been living under house arrest. Dr. Scholtz called Mr. Pistorius’s relationship with Ms. Steenkamp “a normal, loving relationship,” with “no signs of abuse or coercion. ” Dr. Scholtz said that Mr. Pistorius “has found some solace in the belief that the deceased is with God,” and that he was enrolled in a degree program at the University of London. He argued that further incarceration “would not be psychologically or socially constructive” and that Mr. Pistorius was not a threat to society. Mr. Pistorius, once a gun enthusiast, has sold his firearms, Dr. Scholtz said. “He is adamant that he never wants to touch or handle a firearm again,” the psychiatrist said. But Mr. Nel, who   Dr. Scholtz, suggested that Mr. Pistorius had not expressed remorse. “Does he understand that he committed murder?” Mr. Nel asked. “Yes,” Dr. Scholtz said. “In what way?” Mr. Nel asked. The prosecutor then made it clear that he was unconvinced.",0
6268,CHARLESTON ‘ON EGGSHELLS’ ON EVE OF TWO RACIALLY CHARGED TRIALS |,"Home › SOCIETY | US NEWS › CHARLESTON ‘ON EGGSHELLS’ ON EVE OF TWO RACIALLY CHARGED TRIALS CHARLESTON ‘ON EGGSHELLS’ ON EVE OF TWO RACIALLY CHARGED TRIALS 0 SHARES [10/20/16] Two South Carolina shootings that rocked the country last year and raised questions about race in America are now headed for trial, putting the historic city of Charleston on edge as the community awaits the testimony and juries’ decisions. 
Jury selection begins on Monday in the case of Michael Slager, a white former policeman in North Charleston charged with murder in state court after he fatally shot unarmed black motorist Walter Scott in April 2015. 
One week later on Nov. 7, a federal death penalty trial is slated to start for avowed white supremacist Dylann Roof, who is accused of killing nine black parishioners during Bible study at Charleston’s Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in June 2015. 
The nearly simultaneous proceedings will take place at courthouses across the street from each other in the heart of Charleston’s downtown district. Black community activists said the outcomes will test the calm that prevailed after the shootings and could trigger unrest if those angry about the killings feel justice is not served. 
“The community is, for lack of better words, on eggshells,” said Justin Bamberg, a state legislator and lawyer who represents Scott’s family. 
Both trials are expected to last several weeks and draw national attention to the port city of about 133,000 people that is known for its cuisine and well-preserved 18th and 19th century architecture. But Bamberg said the cases have important distinctions. 
Roof’s trial is less about his guilt or innocence than whether he will be sentenced to life in prison or death, Bamberg said. Roof’s lawyers have said he would plead guilty to 33 counts of hate crimes, obstruction of religion and firearms charges if prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty. 
Slager’s case, on the other hand, could produce a rare result: a guilty verdict against a U.S. police officer charged with murder or manslaughter. Post navigation ",0
6269,The Illuminati – Part 6 – Child Sacrifices to Ancient God Molech,"November 6, 2016 at 11:31 am 
I hope the next one really try to tie the 2 you just equated. An ancient cult linked directly to something today is more far fetched than just stating they do crazy stuff and thats about it.It would do you some good to study a little more about how theological perspectives evolve. Not even cults that are proeminent and known throughout history can be linked directly, such as Christianity and Islamism. Why that would be different for any idiotic satan cult?﻿",0
6270,Mike Pence Sends Project Hero Riders Off on 10th Memorial Day Ride for Veterans - Breitbart,"WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   Vice President Mike Pence honored veterans this Memorial Day from his residence at the Naval Observatory, where about 200 vets attended and Project Hero launched its 10th Annual Memorial Day bike ride to Virginia Beach. [Pence stepped out and greeted the close to 100 riders to cheers from the crowd. He was joined by Karen Pence and Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin.  Project Hero President John Wordin addressed the crowd, noting it was the fourth year in a row the ride began at the Vice President’s residence. He pointed out the problem of suicide among veterans and Shulkin’s work in partnership with Project Hero to address it. Shulkin told the crowd, “If it’s for veterans, they’re going to be there for us. ” He continued, “Both he and Karen are passionate and relentless when it comes to veterans’ issues. ” Pence then took to the podium saying, “This is a day we remember those who served and did not come home  …    To be able to welcome you here on this most hallowed of days is profoundly humbling to Karen and I. ” The Vice President thanked the veterans in attendance for their service and thanked Project Hero. “We’ll be joining the president in just a few moments at Arlington National Cemetery,” said Pence, adding that he and Karen, as avid cyclists themselves, were slightly jealous of the riders who would be setting out for Virginia Beach shortly. Karen and I are so grateful to have you here at the Vice President’s residence. It is deeply humbling to be with you to mark Memorial Day. pic. twitter.   —   Vice President Pence (@VP) May 29, 2017,  Today all Americans show their thanks to the generations of brave men  women who gave the last full measure of devotion for our freedom. pic. twitter.   —   Vice President Pence (@VP) May 29, 2017,  The Vice President took a moment to hail the President’s recent “extraordinary trip” to Europe and the time he spent with military troops in Italy. He highlighted Trump’s veteran health care executive order. Pence also lauded Project Hero’s work when it comes to the “unseen wounds” and prevalence of PTSD. Pence wished the riders “Godspeed, safe travels all the way to Virginia Beach and for Project Hero and all of those that it helps all the way to a full recovery in an America that cherishes all those who serve. ” Second lady Karen Pence offered a brief prayer directly after her husband concluded his message. She encouraged the riders to take oranges and bananas that were set out for them. Vice President and Mrs. Pence as well as Shulkin were presented with blue Project Hero biking jerseys to commemorate the ride. “That’ll give me a year to fit into it,” joked Pence. Thank you, Project Hero, for the new biking jerseys for Karen and me. May you all have a safe ride to Virginia Beach! #MemorialDay pic. twitter.   —   Vice President Pence (@VP) May 29, 2017,  Project Hero is a national nonprofit which describes itself as an “organization dedicated to helping Veterans and First Responders affected by PTSD, TBI and injury achieve rehabilitation, recovery and resilience in their daily lives and increasing awareness to combat the national mental health emergency posed by PTSD and TBI. ” Riders set out from the Vice President’s residence shortly after Pence departed to join President Donald Trump for a ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery. The riders headed toward their Virginia Beach destination. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana ",0
6271,Wow! Wow! Wow! Das neue Postillon-Buch ist da! Kaufen! Kaufen! Kaufen!,"Freitag, 4. November 2016 Wow! Wow! Wow! Das neue Postillon-Buch ist da! Kaufen! Kaufen! Kaufen! Halleluja! Dieses himmlische Werk muss jeder Mensch besitzen! Für nur 15,99 Euro präsentiert Ihnen der Postillon eine 192 Seiten starke Sammlung der besten Artikel, Reportagen und Enthüllungsstorys. Kaufen Sie sich jetzt das noch bessere Beste aus über 170 (=10 Jahre gratis im Vergleich zum letzten Buch) Jahren! FAQ: Das Buch kostet nur 15,99 Euro und ist damit deutlich günstiger als ein Kleinwagen! Gibt es das Buch überhaupt wirklich? Ja, jetzt echt mal ohne Scheiß, auch wenn uns das nach über einem Jahr PamS niemand mehr glaubt. Lohnt es sich? Aber sowas von! Sie erhalten 192 Seiten geballte Information in seriösesester Postillon -Qualität! Mit einem Seitenpreis von ca. 8,848958 Cent kommen Sie sogar noch günstiger weg als beim letzten Buch ! (← trotzdem kaufen!) Warum sollte man den Postillon in Buchform kaufen, wenn man die Artikel doch im Internet lesen kann? Boah! Was für eine fiese Frage! Also: Erstens gibt es jede Menge Bonusgags (Vorwort, Anzeigen, Gimmick usw.), die so noch nie im Internet erschienen sind und außerdem ist das Buch das perfekte Geschenk für Weihnachten, Geburtstage, Goldene Hochzeiten und gelungene Blinddarmoperationen. Wo bekomme ich das Buch? In jeder guten Buchhandlung (kann auch dort bestellt werden) oder",0
6272,If Hillary Clinton Is Charged With Obstruction Of Justice She Could Go To Prison For 20 Years,"By Michael Snyder, the Economic Collapse Blog . 
In the world of politics, the cover-up is often worse than the original crime. It was his role in the Watergate cover-up that took down Richard Nixon, and now Hillary Clinton’s cover-up of her email scandal could send her to prison for a very, very long time. When news broke that the FBI has renewed its investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, it sent shockwaves throughout the political world . But this time around, we aren’t just talking about an investigation into the mishandling of classified documents. I haven’t heard anyone talking about this, but if the FBI discovers that Hillary Clinton altered, destroyed or concealed any emails that should have been turned over to the FBI during the original investigation, she could be charged with obstruction of justice. That would immediately end her political career, and if she was found guilty it could send her to prison for the rest of her life. 
I have not seen a single news report mention the phrase “obstruction of justice” yet, but I am convinced that there is a very good chance that this is where this scandal is heading. The following is the relevant part of the federal statute that deals with obstruction of justice … 
Whoever knowingly alters, destroys, mutilates, conceals, covers up, falsified, or makes a false entry in any record, document, or tangible object with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States or any case filed under Title 11, or in relation to or contemplation of any such matter or case, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. 
If Hillary Clinton is sent to prison for 20 years, that would essentially be for the rest of her life. 
I have a feeling that the FBI is going to find a great deal of evidence of obstruction of justice in Huma Abedin’s emails. But unfortunately there is not likely to be a resolution to this matter before November 8th, because according to the Wall Street Journal there are approximately 650,000 emails to search through… 
As federal agents prepare to scour roughly 650,000 emails to see how many relate to a prior probe of Hillary Clinton ’s email use, the surprise disclosure that investigators were pursuing the potential new evidence lays bare building tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee. 
Metadata found on the laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide, suggests there may be thousands of emails sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter. It will take weeks, at a minimum, to determine whether those messages are work-related from the time Ms. Abedin served with Mrs. Clinton at the State Department; how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe. 
Of those 650,000 emails, an inside source told Fox News that “ at least 10,000 ” would be of interest to the investigation. 
At this point, FBI officials have not even begun searching through the emails, because a search warrant has not been secured yet. The following comes from CNN … 
Government lawyers haven’t yet approached Abedin’s lawyers to seek an agreement to conduct the search. Sources earlier told CNN that those discussions had begun, but the law enforcement officials now say they have not. 
Either way, government lawyers plan to seek a search warrant from a judge to conduct the search of the computer, the law enforcement officials said. 
But the FBI is reportedly already searching a laptop that was co-owned by Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin, and no warrant was necessary for that search because Weiner is cooperating with the FBI. 
Many have been wondering why FBI Director James Comey would choose to make such a bold move just over a week until election day. Surely he had to know that this would have a dramatic impact on the election, and it is unlikely that he would have done so unless someone had already found something really big. In addition, Comey was reportedly eager to find an opportunity to redeem himself in the eyes of his peers at the FBI. The following is an excerpt from a Daily Mail article that was written by Ed Klein, the author of a recently released New York Times bestseller about the Clintons entitled “ Guilty As Sin “… 
‘The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn’t recommend an indictment against Hillary,’ said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades, shares family outings with him, and accompanies him to Catholic mass every week. 
‘Some people, including department heads, stopped talking to Jim, and even ignored his greetings when they passed him in the hall,’ said the source. ‘They felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.’ 
According to the source, Comey fretted over the problem for months and discussed it at great length with his wife, Patrice. 
He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom. 
So what happens next? 
In the most likely scenario, the FBI will not have time to complete the investigation and decide whether or not to charge Hillary Clinton before the election. This means that we would go into November 8th with this scandal hanging over the Clinton campaign, and that would seem to be very good news for Donald Trump. 
However, it is possible that once the FBI starts searching through these emails that they could come to the conclusion very rapidly that charges against Clinton are warranted, and if that happens we could still see some sort of announcement before election day. 
In the unlikely event that does happen, we could actually see Hillary Clinton forced out of the race before November 8th. 
Once again, this appears to be very unlikely at this point, but it is still possible. 
If Clinton was forced to step aside, the Democrats would need to come up with a new nominee, and that process would take time. In an article later today on The Most Important News I will reveal who I believe that nominee would be. 
In such a scenario, the Democrats would desperately need time to get their act together, and so we could actually see Barack Obama attempt to delay or suspend the election . The legality of such a move is highly questionable, but Barack Obama has not allowed a little thing like the U.S. Constitution to stop him in the past. 
This week is going to be exceedingly interesting – that is for sure. 
The craziest election in modern American history just keeps getting crazier, and I have a feeling that even more twists and turns are ahead. 
It sure seems ironic that Anthony Weiner is playing such a central role this late in the story, and I can’t wait to see what is in store for the season finale.",0
6273,GM to Invest $1 Billion in U.S. Plants After Trump Pressures Co. to Keep Jobs in U.S. - Breitbart,"General Motors announced Tuesday that it will invest $1 billion in U. S. plants amid pressure from   Donald Trump to keep jobs in the U. S.[GM said the $1 billion investment, along with the 1, 500 new jobs the company expects to create or retain in the U. S. is in addition to the $2. 9 billion investment the company announced in 2016 and more than $21 billion the company has invested in the U. S. since 2009, the Detroit Free Press reported.  GM also said it will start moving axle production for its pickup trucks in the U. S. including work previously done in Mexico, to plants in Michigan. The company expects that move will create an additional 450 jobs. The company said it plans to create a total of 7, 000 new jobs over the next two or three years, including the 450 jobs on axle production, the 1, 500 new jobs announced with the investment, and more than 5, 000 jobs related to engineering, GM financial, and advanced technology, Reuters reported. GM also said it plans to bring back information technology jobs that were previously outsourced to foreign countries in a move that will create 5, 000 new IT jobs in the U. S. over the next few years. “All of the decisions behind today’s announcement are good business decisions and they have been in the works for some time,” said GM spokesman Pat Morrissey. “There’s no question there is an emphasis on job creation in the U. S. right now. This was good timing for us to share what we are doing, including our ongoing commitment and track record for U. S. investment over the last several years. ” Trump congratulated GM for it’s push to bring jobs back to the U. S. Tuesday afternoon. Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U. S.!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2017,  “Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U. S.!” Trump wrote on Twitter.",0
6274,Obama Not Going To Bother Fixing White House Toilet At This Stage,"0 Add Comment 
“IT’S not like I’m getting my deposit back anyway,” said a deflated-sounding Barack Obama earlier today, messing around with the handle of a White House toilet cistern that never really worked right, but is now completely broken. 
Obama had intended to repair the faulty cistern months ago, but with just weeks left in his tenure as the president of the United States, he confided in WWN that he’s probably not going to bother. 
“There’s a few jobs that I said I’d get to; fix this fucking cistern, number one,” said Obama, who leaves the White House with several hinges still in need of oiling. 
“Just small things, here and there. I was going to give the place the once over; fill a few holes where the kids put posters on their walls, change the lightbulbs in the utility room, that kind of thing… but even if you do all that, the owners will find a way to goose you out of your security deposit. To be honest, the money you’d get back isn’t worth losing a whole weekend doing odd-jobs over”. 
Other odd-jobs, including stability in the Middle East, health care, gun control, poverty, weeds between the patio slabs out the back, and taxation reform will all be ‘left to the next lad’, confirmed Obama.",0
6275,Freedom Rider: Russophobia: War Party Propaganda,"By BAR editor and senior columnist Margaret Kimberley T he world’s most reactionary regime, the head-chopping, terror-sponsoring Saudi Arabian kleptocracy, was awarded the chair of the UN Human Rights Council, while Russia has been kicked out. The travesty was engineered by the Superpower of Lies to punish Moscow for resisting the U.S.-led war of sectarian massacre and regime change in Syria. The War Party is on the march, to the cheers of corporate media – and Hillary hasn’t even been elected yet. “All attempts to stop the fighting were rejected by the U.S. and NATO and sealed the fate of the Syrian people.” Did Russia invade Iraq and kill one million people? Does Russia have a greater percentage of its population behind bars than any other country in the world? Did Russia occupy Haiti after kidnapping its president? Are Russian police allowed to shoot children to death without fear of repercussion? Is Russia entering its 20 th year of a terror war against the people of Somalia? All of these crimes take place in or at the direction of the United States. Yet the full force of propaganda and influence on world opinion is directed against Russia, which whatever its shortcomings cannot hold a candle to America in violating human rights. 
Simply put, Hillary Clinton must be denied a victory of great magnitude and any opportunity to claim a mandate. The dangers presented by a Hillary Clinton presidency cannot be overstated. She and the war party have been steadily working towards a goal that defies logic and risks all life on earth. Regime change [3] is once again their modus operandi and they hope to make it a reality against Russia. Nearly every claim of Russian evil doing is a lie, a ruse meant to put Americans in a fighting mood and lose their fear of nuclear conflagration. It isn’t clear if Clinton and the rest of the would-be warriors actually realize they are risking mushroom clouds. Perhaps they believe that Vladimir Putin will be easily pushed around when all evidence points to the contrary. “Regime change is once again their modus operandi and they hope to make it a reality against Russia.” The unproven allegations of interference in the presidential election and casting blame on Russia as the sole cause of suffering in Syria are meant to desensitize the public. It is an age old ploy which makes war not just acceptable but deemed a necessity. The usual suspects are helping out eagerly. The corporate media, led by newspapers like the New York Times and Washington Post , are front and center in pushing tales of Russian villainy. Human Rights Watch and other organizations who care nothing about abuses committed by the United States and its allies are also playing their usual role of choosing the next regime change victim. Russia lost its seat on the United Nations Human Rights Council in part because of American pressure and public relations assistance from the human rights industrial complex. The UNHRC is now chaired by Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia is an absolute monarchy that funds the jihadist terrorist groups who caused 500,000 Syrian deaths. The Saudis are causing dislocation, death and starvation in Yemen, too, but they are American allies, so there is little opposition to their misdeeds. The openly bigoted Donald Trump has been the perfect foil for Hillary Clinton. That is why she and the rest of the Democratic Party leadership preferred him as their rival. He made the case for the discredited lesser evilism argument and his sensible statements about avoiding enmity with Russia made him even more useful. “Newspapers like the New York Times and Washington Post, are front and center in pushing tales of Russian villainy.” The United States and its allies are the cause of Syria’s destruction. Their effort to overthrow president Assad created a humanitarian disaster complete with ISIS and al Nusra fighters who love to chop off heads for entertainment. Far from being the cause of the catastrophe Russia left its ally to fight alone for four years. They even made overtures to negotiate [4] Assad’s fate with the United States. All attempts to stop the fighting were rejected by the U.S. and NATO and sealed the fate of the Syrian people. The people of east Aleppo are being shelled by American allies but one wouldn’t know that by reading what passes for journalism in newspapers and on television. The American role in the slaughter is barely mentioned or is excused as an effort to protect the civilian population. The bloodshed was made in the U.S. and could end if this government wanted it to. Nearly every claim of Russian evil doing is a lie, a ruse meant to put Americans in a fighting mood and lose their fear of nuclear conflagration. It isn’t clear if Clinton and the rest of the would-be warriors actually realize they are risking mushroom clouds. Perhaps they believe that Vladimir Putin will be easily pushed around when all evidence points to the contrary. The anti-Russian propaganda effort has worked to perfection. NATO is massing troops on Russia’s borders in a clear provocation yet Putin is labeled the bad guy. He is said to be menacing the countries that join in threatening his nation. The United States makes phony claims of Russian war crimes despite having blood on its hands. The latest Human Rights Watch canards about prosecuting Assad come straight from the White House and State Department and have nothing to do with concern for Syrians living in their fifth year of hell. “Donald Trump has been the perfect foil for Hillary Clinton.” There is no lesser evil between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. She is fully supported by the war party in her desire for a more “muscular” foreign policy. That bizarre term means death and starvation for millions more people if Clinton wins in a landslide. She must be denied a victory of that magnitude and any opportunity to claim a mandate. Peace loving people must give their votes to the Green Party ticket of Jill Stein and Ajamu Baraka. They are alone in rejecting the premise of an imperialist country and its endless wars. The United States is the most dangerous country in the world. If it has a reckless and war loving president the threat becomes existential. That is the prospect we face with a Hillary Clinton presidency. If the role of villain is cast on the world stage she is the star of the show. Source URL: http://blackagendareport.com/russophobia_war_party_propaganda",0
6276,Joy Reid: Being Black and Muslim Puts You in ’the Crosshairs of Trumpworld’ - Breitbart,"While Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) touted on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” Saturday why he is a better candidate for chair of the Democratic National Committee, host Joy Reid tacked on that what he accomplished was done while being black and Muslim, “two things in the crosshairs of Trumpworld. ”  “You managed to do that while being two things in the crosshairs of Trumpworld  —   being black and being Muslim,” Reid told Ellison. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
6277,Elon Musk Ted Talk Claims Teslas Traveling Coast to Coast by Year End - Breitbart,"Elon Musk entertained the 2017 TED Conference by previewing how Tesla intends to solve almost all vehicle congestion by massive boring under cities to create an   tunnel transport system. [TED (Technology, Entertainment, Design) is a   media group that every year since 1990 has created and freely distributed a series of   interviews that feature innovative TED figures under the motto “ideas worth spreading. ”  Musk, who originally hails from Canada, sat down with TED’s Head Curator Chris Anderson in Vancouver to talk about solving his new The Boring Company which will solve   transportation congestion through a system of robotic transporter sleds that will lower vehicles to underground tunnels, and then whisk them to their destination at 130 miles per hour. Musk gave as an example the   of Los Angeles, where an   trip from downtown to Westwood usually takes about 40 minutes. Riding in his electric powered tunnels, travel time would be slashed to a 5 to   hop. Andersson asked him why he was not onboard for the development of flying cars that have been all the rage lately, due to announcements by Google, Uber, and others that the world of the   series the Jetsons is about to arrive. Musk answered, “I do rockets, so I like things that fly. There’s a challenge of flying cars in that they’ll be quite noisy. If something’s flying over your head, a whole bunch of flying cars going all over the place, that is not an   situation   …     You’ll be thinking, ‘Did they service their hubcap, or is it going to come off and guillotine me? ’” Musk referred to the jumbotron and played a video simulation of how a vehicle would drive on to a robotic electric powered cart that would be lowered to the appropriate tunnel level and then quickly accelerate. Musk commented that the greatest advantage of a   system is that the carts can move at unlimited speeds in   tunnels without generating huge externality complaints. Andersson asks Musk how tunnels would meld with Musk’s Hyperloop initiative. Musk commented that the SpaceX’s Hyperloop test track being built in Reno, Nevada, adjacent to his Gigafactory is already the second biggest vacuum chamber in the world. The only one bigger is the   Large Hadron Collider under the France —  Switzerland border that is used as an atomic particle accelerator that cost $7. 5 billion. For transportation, Musk believes a vacuum tunnel system can transport people, freight, and vehicles in   capsules at a fraction of the current time and costs. Musk said that based on initial Hyperloop testing, “We’re cautiously optimistic that it’ll be faster than the world’s fastest bullet train, even over a .  stretch. ” Asked by Andersson, “What’s happening at Tesla?” Musk said that the company’s $35, 000 Tesla Model 3 will arrive in July, and it will have the same autopilot features as Tesla’s $100, 000 vehicles that claim to offer   driving. “Once you solve cameras for vision, autonomy is solved if you don’t solve vision, it’s not solved   …     You can absolutely be superhuman with just cameras. ” Musk stated that Tesla will have a large enough charging network that they will conduct a   LA to New York test national test by the end of 2017: “November or December of this year, we should be able to go from a parking lot in California to a parking lot in New York, no controls touched at any point during the entire journey. ” Musk displayed the first picture of the Tesla Semi truck, which he recently unveiled as part of his Master Plan, Part Deux: “With the Tesla Semi, we want to show that an electric truck actually can   any diesel semi. If you had a tug of war competition, the Tesla Semi will tug the diesel semi uphill. ” Musk suggests will be quick and nimble, “like a sports car,” he says. Musk sees solar electricity as the fuel source of the future that will powerhouses, vehicles and almost all terrestrial corporate activity. With the spiking demand, Tesla plans to announce four more Gigafactories by the end of the year.",0
6278,"Walling them out, or walling us in?","Walling them out, or walling us in? Shall we wall off Canada, too? By Jim Hightower Posted on November 3, 2016 by Jim Hightower 
Evading security cameras in the remote expanse along the U.S. border, three Guatemalans waited till dusk to slip illicitly into our country. 
This is the stuff of Donald Trump nightmares—and if he were to witness such a scene, we can only imagine the furious rants that would follow. 
But Trump will never see this scene or even know about it, because he’s facing south, fulminating against Mexicans and assuring his faithful followers that he’ll stop illegal entry into the U.S. by building a “ beautiful, impenetrable wall ” across our 2,000-mile border with Mexico. 
Meanwhile, the scene described took place way up north, where rural Vermont connects to Canada. As the New York Times recently reported , “This area is a haven for smugglers and cross-border criminal organizations.” 
With so many of our nation’s political and security officials obsessed with the southern border, more and more criminal action—including the smuggling of people, drugs, and weapons—has plagued our 5,500-mile Canadian border, the longest in the world between two countries. 
Running from the Atlantic to the Pacific through sparsely populated and heavily wooded terrain, there’s often no clear demarcation of where Canada ends and the U.S. begins. Some farms, homes, and businesses actually sprawl across the border. 
Only about 2,000 agents patrol this vast stretch, and officials concede they don’t even have a good guess of how many people and how much contraband is coming across, or where. 
So, the question for Mr. Trump is: Shall we wall off Canada, too? And how much of our public treasury, democratic idealism, and international goodwill shall we dump into the folly of militarizing both borders? 
By simply thinking we can wall the world out, we’ll be walling ourselves in—and that’s suicidal. 
OtherWords columnist Jim Hightower is a radio commentator, writer, and public speaker. He’s the editor of the populist newsletter, The Hightower Lowdown . Distributed by OtherWords.or g . Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .",0
6279,Bob Dylan the Writer: An Authentic American Voice - The New York Times,"“I’m the first person who’ll put it to you,” Bob Dylan said in a 1978 interview, “and the last person who’ll explain it to you. ” The Swedish Academy, which awarded Mr. Dylan the Nobel Prize in Literature on Thursday, has put it to us, and it has no explaining to do to most readers and listeners, however much they might have been pulling for Philip Roth or Don DeLillo or Margaret Atwood. This Nobel acknowledges what we’ve long sensed to be true: that Mr. Dylan is among the most authentic voices America has produced, a maker of images as audacious and resonant as anything in Walt Whitman or Emily Dickinson. [ Bob Dylan wins the Nobel Prize in Literature | Our pop critic on Bob Dylan, the musician ] It has never hurt that Mr. Dylan’s words were delivered, as the English poet Philip Larkin once put it, in a “cawing, derisive voice” that seemed to carry the weight of myth and prophecy. Mr. Larkin was not Mr. Dylan’s greatest fan. He found the lyrics to “Desolation Row” to be “possibly  . ” It took a different Englishman, the venerated critic and scholar Christopher Ricks, to make the case most fully for Mr. Dylan as a complicated and complicating poet. In Mr. Ricks’s sly 2004 book “Dylan’s Visions of Sin,” he persuasively compared Mr. Dylan at various points with personages as distinct as Yeats, Hardy, Keats, Marvell, Tennyson and Marlon Brando. “Dylan’s in an art in which sins are laid bare (and resisted) virtues are valued (and manifested) and the graces brought home,” Mr. Ricks wrote. He added, “Human dealings of every kind are his for the artistic seizing. ” Mr. Dylan, born Robert Allen Zimmerman in Duluth, Minn. in 1941, was inspired when young by potent American vernacular music, songs by performers like Woody Guthrie, Hank Williams and Robert Johnson. When his voice became fully his own, in his work of the    1960s that led up to what is probably his greatest song, “Like a Rolling Stone,” no one had ever heard pop songs with so many oracular, tumbling words in them. When Bruce Springsteen inducted Mr. Dylan into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1988, he described the opening seconds of that song this way: “That snare shot sounded like somebody’d kicked open the door to your mind. ” The words that followed pulled that door from its hinge. In the chorus, they posed a question that has not stopped ringing over American life: “How does it   be on your   no direction home. ” At the time, Dylan wrote in his masterful memoir “Chronicles: Volume One” (2004) “I just thought of mainstream culture as lame as hell and a big trick. ” That memoir demonstrated that Mr. Dylan could write prose as fluently as lyrics. This needed proving only because Mr. Dylan’s sole novel, “Tarantula” (1966) written when he was 25, is a largely unreadable wordstew, written so as to defeat the hardiest of his idolators. As Elvis Costello said in his own recent memoir, “If you want a long career, you have to drive people away now and again, so they realize they miss you. ” Everyone has his or her own private anthology of favorite Dylan lyrics. Mine come from songs including “Idiot Wind” (“blowing every time you move your teeth”) “Brownsville Girl” (“Strange how people who suffer together have stronger connections than people who are most content”) “Hurricane,” written with Jacques Levy (“How can the life of such a   in the palm of some fool’s hand? ”) “Sweetheart Like You” (“It’s done with a flick of the wrist”) and “Yea! Heavy and a Bottle of Bread,” written with the Band (“Pack up the meat, sweet, we’re headin’ out”). Then there’s this, from “Blind Willie McTell”: Before this Nobel Prize, Mr. Dylan has been recognized by the world of literature and poetry. In 2008, the Pulitzer Prize jury awarded him a special citation “for his profound impact on popular music and American culture, marked by lyrical compositions of extraordinary poetic power. ” His songs have always packed social and political power to match the imagery. In his book “The Beautiful Struggle: A Father, Two Sons, and an Unlikely Road to Manhood,”   Coates spoke of what Mr. Dylan’s songs meant to his father as well as to a generation: “Dylan’s voice was awful, an aged quaver that sounded nothing like the   or silky RB that Dad took as gospel. But the lyrics wore him down, until he played Dylan in that addicted manner of college kids who cordon off portions to decipher the prophecies of their favorite band. Dad heard poetry, but more than that an angle that confirmed what a latent part of him had already suspected. ” What was confirmed was this: The Vietnam War was a moral disgrace. Songs are not poems, exactly. Songs prick our senses in different manner. Many of Mr. Dylan’s lyrics can no doubt, as Mr. Larkin put, look   when set starkly alone on a white page. But Mr. Dylan’s work  —   “with its iambics, its   rhymes, and its scattergun images,” as the critic Robert Christgau wrote  —   has its own kind of emblematic verbal genius. His diction, focus and tone are those of a caustically gifted word man his metrical dexterity is everywhere apparent. He is capable of rhetorical organization more often he scatters his rhetoric like seed, or like curses. This award is also a sign  —  after last year’s laureate, Svetlana Alexievich, whose work is made up of interviews  —   that the Swedish Academy is increasingly open to nontraditional forms of writing. In what feels like a blow for common sense and scalding wordplay, the academy has attended to Mr. Dylan’s lyrics in “Lay Lady Lay,” to wit: “Why wait any longer for the one you   he’s standing in front of you?” In a 2004 interview in The New York Times, Mr. Ricks summed up my sense of the best of Mr. Dylan’s oeuvre: “I just think we’re terrifically lucky to be alive at a time when he is. ”",0
6280,Putin is (finally) puring the Medvedev government,"259 Views November 17, 2016 1 Comment Analyses The Saker 
This article was written for the Unz Review: http://www.unz.com/tsaker/putin-is-finally-purging-the-medvedev-government/ 
While the word was focused in rapt attention on the outcome of the US Presidential election, Vladimir Putin did something quite amazing – he arrested Alexei Uliukaev , Minister of the Economy of the Medvedev government, on charges of extortion and corruption. Uliukaev, whose telephone had been tapped by the Russian Security Services since this summer, was arrested in the middle of the night in possession of 2 million US dollars. Putin officially fired him the next morning. 
Russian official sources say that Uliukaev extorted a $2 million bribe for an assessment that led to the acquisition by Rosneft (a state run Russian oil giant) of a 50% stake in Bashneft (another oil giant). Apparently, Uliukaev tried to threaten Igor Sechin , the President of Rosneft and a person considered close to Vladimir Putin and the Russian security and intelligence services. 
Yes, you read that right: according to the official version, a state-owned company gave a bribe to a member of the government. Does that make sense to you? How about a senior member of the government who had his telephone tapped and who has been under close surveillance by the Federal Security Service for over a year – does that make sense to you? 
This makes no sense at all and the Russian authorities fully realize that. But that is the official version. So what is going on here? Do you think that there is a message from Putin here? 
Of course there is! 
Remember the corrupt Minister of Defense Anatolii Serdiukov ? He was first fired from his position and only then arrested. But this time around, it is a member of the government which is arrested in the middle of the night. For a few hours, his subordinates could not even reach him – they had no idea what had happened to him. Was that a mistake? Hardly. 
The way Uliukaev was detained was carefully choreographed to instill the strongest sense of fear possible in all the other 5 th columnists still in power because in so many ways Uliukaev was a symbol for all the the “Atlantic Integrationists” (those in the Kremlin who want to integrate Russia into the US controlled international security system): Uliukaev was a known liberal, just like Nikita Belykh , governor of Kirov Region, who was detained in a high-publicity arrest in June for taking a 400’000 Euros bribe. I would even say that Uliukaev could be considered the ultimate symbol of the Atlantic Integrationists and a faithful member of the Russian “liberal” (meaning the “Washington consensus” type) sect who, in the past had worked with Egor Gaidar and Alexei Kudrin and who now has been brought down by the Russian “ siloviki ”, the top officials of the so-called “power ministries” (defense, state security, intelligence). Sergei Korolev, the Head of the Economic Security service of the FSB 
This was immediately recognized by everybody and the main headline of the popular website Gazeta.ru could not be clearer, it read: “ The Siloviki brought down Uliukaev ” and featured a photo of the key actors of this drama, including the tough-looking man thought to have brought Uliukaev down, Sergei Korolev, the Head of the Economic Security service of the FSB (shown on photo here). 
In April, I predicted that a government purge was in the making . I have to admit that I thought that this would have happened earlier. Apparently Putin decided to take action while Uncle Sam was busy with his own, internal, problems. If that is indeed the reason for the late timing, that says a lot about the power of the USA still wields in Russia. Some observers noticed that the arrest of Uliukaev took place after the telephone conversation between Trump and Putin, hinting that Trump might have given Putin the go ahead for the arrest. That is, of course, utter nonsense, but if that can make Putin look bad – it’s good enough for the 5 th columnists. 
The list of potential ‘candidates’ to be purged next is still long and includes names like the Deputy Prime Minister Arkadii Dvorkovich , the First Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov , the Governor of the Russian Central Bank Elvira Nabiullina , the Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov and, of course, Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev. Uliukaev was only one amongst many more. Still, he was definitely a top-level target and the manner in which he was arrested must have sent a chill down the spine of all the other 5 th columnists in the Kremlin. Just the fact that his phone was tapped for so long is quite unthinkable and clearly points to the fact that nobody is safe from Putin’s purges. And that, by itself, is truly a most welcome change: every member of the Medvedev government now has been put on notice that his/her life is now spent under the close scrutiny of the FSB. 
It really matters little what will happen to Uliukaev next. He has be formally arraigned, now his case will be further investigated and then Uliukaev will have his day in court (right now he has only be detained and he will be kept under house arrest for the next two months). Potentially, he faces 15 years in jail and a fine equivalent to 70 times the amount of the bribe he took. Judging by the case of Serdyukov, who is managed to escape any prison time thanks to a Presidential Amnesty for the 20 years of the Russian Constitution, Putin seem to be reluctant to inflict any form of retribution upon his enemies. But even if Uliukaev does not get to enjoy the fresh air of the Siberian taiga, he is already finished as a power broker, and that is all that really matters to Putin. 
What matters here is that in the course of one night, a top level Russian Minister went from his Ministerial Offices to a holding cell and that absolutely nobody saw it coming or could prevent this. Yet again we have a case of 100% Putin style: no warnings of any kind, no hints even, just sudden dramatic action with an immediate result. His “handwriting” is clearly all over the case. Uliukaev ain’t laughing no more… 
The reaction to this arrest in Russia was predictable, especially after sources in the security services told the Russian media that Arkadii Dvorkovich and Andrei Belousov were also under investigation. Anatolii Chubais, for example, declared that he was in “total shock”. Even better was the reaction of Prime Minister Medvedev who said that this development was at the “edge of his understanding”. 
It will be interesting to observe the inevitable reaction from the Atlantic Integrationists: if they really feel defeated, they will pay lip-service to the need to “fight corruption on all levels” and generally keep a low profile. If they still have some fight in them, they will denounce a “Stalinist” crackdown, the return to “1930’s -like purges” and a “new campaign of terror” against democracy. The western corporate media, whose only “value” is money, will write about how the Russian “secret police” is cracking down on “business entrepreneurs” and how that will end up damaging the Russian economy. Basically, a repeat of the whining which we all heard when Putin dismantled the infamous semibankirshchina . As Elton John would say, we “have seen that movie too…” 
As for the rabid Putin-hating nationalists, they will say that this is too little too late. For years they have been complaining about corruption and how top level officials were never investigated, and now that they seem to have gotten their wish, it’s “too little, too late”. But that doesn’t really matter, since they have almost as little credibility with the Russian general public as the pro-western parties like Iabloko or Parnass. 
The main media outlets and political commentators are all giving Putin a standing ovation right now. That is hardly surprising since they are the ones who for many months now have been loudly and constantly complaining about the “economic bloc of the government”, meaning the pro-US 5 th columnists inside the Medvedev government. Quite literally all the main political commentators have been begging and demanding a purge of this “economic bloc” and a radical change in the economic policies of Russia. Well, they got one villain purged, which is a good start, but there are no signs that more heads will roll or that the economic course of Russia will finally break from the Washington consensus kind of policies and be replaced it with much needed policy of internal growth. But then, knowing Putin, we should not expect any signs – only action. 
In Russia, just as in the USA, changing the people is far easier than changing the system while the only way to achieve real change is, precisely, to change the system, not the people. So far, Putin has only succeeded in kicking some of the worst people out and, to his credit, getting some very good people in. Now that a threat of war with the USA is very substantially reduced and that Uncle Sam will be busy with his own, internal, struggles, I hope that Putin will finally take some very strong action to liberate Russia from the Washington consensus types and replace them with real patriots who will finally make it possible for Russia to become a truly sovereign country, even in the economic sense. 
The Saker The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95",0
6281,The Left in Power: Clinton to Obama,"Search The Left in Power : Clinton to Obama David Horowitz explains how the Democrats became a leftwing party in Volume VII of the Black Book of the American Left. October 28, 2016 Richard Baehr 
Below is Richard Baehr's review of David Horowitz's new book, The Left in Power: Clinton to Obama (reprinted from American Thinker with permission). The book is volume 7 of The Black Book of the American Left , a multi-volume collection of David Horowitz's conservative writings that will, when completed, be the most ambitious effort ever undertaken to define the Left and its agenda. (Order HERE .) We encourage our readers to visit BlackBookOfTheAmericanLeft.com which features Horowitz’s introductions to Volumes 1-7 of this 9-volume series, along with their tables of contents, reviews and interviews with the author. 
Every year, there is some report of the blissful ignorance of American history demonstrated by the supposedly best and brightest at elite American universities. Suffice it to say the collected writings of David Horowitz on the American Left, which constitute part of a solid foundation for understanding the last half century of American politics, are nowhere to be found on any college or high school reading list. 
Horowitz’s latest book, The Left in Power: Clinton to Obama , is the seventh volume in his nine-volume collection, The Black Book of the American Left . This new volume provides a collection of his writings over the last quarter century, focusing primarily on the Left’s control in our government and culture. As Horowitz reveals, even during the Bush years, conservatives were on the defense and leftists controlled the narrative as they attempted to destroy Bush and his chances for re-election in 2004. Their primary mode of attack was to undermine America’s efforts in Iraq almost from the start of the conflict, when just months earlier a majority of Senate Democrats and near half of House Democrats had supported the President. The Left then destroyed Bush’s second term with bogus charges of racist neglect in the handling of Hurricane Katrina. There was plenty of incompetence in the response to Katrina, but local and state officials — all Democrats, of course, and many of them African American — were the principal operators on the ground during the crisis. 
The immediate abandonment of support for the Iraq war effort was a signal event in American history, sending a message that a large part of the Democratic Party was not remotely concerned about the morale of our men and women fighting overseas. The weak effort by some Democrats to hold onto an ounce of patriotic resolve -- “end the war, support the troops” -- was designed more for campaign speeches than any meaningful attempt to convey national unity for the effort underway by our armed forces. So too, the obsession with Abu Ghraib gave the lie to the Democrats’ “support our troops” message, as a broad brush was used to paint the incident as somehow what you would expect from our military on a routine basis. 
Horowitz outlines this narrative, faulting the Bush administration for failing to fight harder to present its story of why we went into Iraq and the risks if we had done nothing. Regrettably, the Bush administration never had a chance to get a better defense of the Iraq war out to the media. Most in the media considered the Bush administration illegitimate due to its narrow victory in the 2000 presidential contest, a lie to be sure . Unfortunately, it is almost certainly true that the media today are far more in the bag for the left than ten or twenty years ago and work harder at pushing the left’s agenda. The soft liberalism of Walter Cronkite has been replaced by cable and national network anchors who routinely bury stories embarrassing to their side and focus on those that can do damage to the other side. During the current Presidential election cycle, we have seen the most prestigious media organs explain why it is necessary and appropriate for them to be biased this year. It is a special time, they argue, because Trump is, in their view, a unique threat to the Republic. 
On the other hand, the media have been loath to consider the damage to the country caused by Barack Obama -- the loss of respect abroad for America’s will to fight, the degradation of our military readiness, the fraying of ties with allies, and the near obsessive outreach to America’s enemies that led to agreements such as the nuclear deal with Iran, best described as an abject surrender of American interests that will lead to the funding of fanatical nuclear regime. About 85% of those supposedly sensible pro-Israel Democrats walked the plank behind their great leader on that deal, with no visible regrets to date. There was simply too much political risk to oppose the first black president of their party. The media were happy to parrot the administration’s talking points for the nuclear deal, something the manipulators crowed over at the White House. 
At least in the propaganda use of Abu Ghraib, the Left was honest in revealing what it thinks about the military. As Horowitz outlines in article after article, the Left is fighting a war that most Americans do not see, disguising its intentions through its aggressive, unceasing promotion of “progressive” policies “to make America a better place.” This commitment to deception emerges, Horowitz reveals, from the allegiance to the ideology of Saul Alinsky’s “Rules for Radicals,” a formative doctrine for both Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. The progressive goal is to achieve a new society that has never been seen before in this country, though it has been promised and has catastrophically failed in many places around the globe. In America, the Left is not only unconcerned with selling their program to the public, but also, Horowitz argues, it is fearful of the result of voters knowing what it is pursuing. One prime example was the admission of MIT professor and Obamacare architect Jonathan Gruber that health care law would never have made it through Congress if it had been presented honestly. 
The Left is also busy at work making it easier for itself to win politically. Horowitz provides chapter and verse on the Left’s efforts to rapidly change the composition of the voting pool -- motor voter registration with no birth certificate required, fighting every effort to combat voter fraud with charges of racism and “turning the clock back,” even when states were willing to pay for potential voters obtaining the needed documents to register, support for open borders, expansion of legal immigration, and amnesty and citizenship (and voting rights) for more than ten million already in the country illegally. Here the Left’s mentor and financier is George Soros and his buddies, who have funded dozens of organizations which fight on multiple fronts every day to advance the left politically. And Horowitz has done a great public service by his Discover the Network listing of the people responsible for America’s steady drift to the radical Left. 
The Left uses the racism charge in many of the confrontations it creates. Of course, the problems of America’s inner cities, all under complete control of one political party for half a century, have never been of even near equal interest to the Democrats as their ability to continue to win enormous majorities among inner city voters, particularly African Americans. The Left has fully endorsed the teacher unions’ opposition to charter schools, and voucher programs, though both are popular with minority group parents and children. The two major teachers unions are simply too powerful a support group for the Democratic Party (campaign cash, votes, and volunteers) for the Left to support policies that might lead to a better future for kids as opposed to continued growth in expenditures for the teachers unions and their workforce. 
In the last two years, the Soros-funded Black Lives Matter movement has created a near national hysteria over the alleged systematic effort by police to kill unarmed black men. Between two and three dozen unarmed blacks are killed by cops each year, many of them in situations where the ”victims” were almost certainly responsible for what happened to them -- Michael Brown in Ferguson is a prime example. One wonders where the news media are to report on the police shooting of unarmed whites, which greatly outnumber those of unarmed blacks. Perhaps because there are no riots, or looting, these incidents have no cachet. More likely, they do not fit the systemic racism charge now routinely thrown around by everyone from the current President to Hillary Clinton. 
In Chicago in 9 months this year, over 400 blacks, mostly men, have been shot and killed, almost exclusively by other black men. By year end, over 4,000 Chicagoans will have been shot. One might think this was a bigger story of urban calamity and civil society breakdown than a shooting in Charlotte. Chicago’s mayor says that police “have gone fetal,” avoiding making stops in crime ridden neighborhoods, with the ACLU looking over their shoulder demanding a report for every stop, and activists in the neighborhoods treating the police with scorn and abuse, following a bad police shooting captured on video and kept hidden from the public by Chicago’s mayor to protect his re-election bid. Rahm Emanuel must also have read Alinsky, for he knows whose hide to protect first and foremost. The victims of the police pullback in Chicago, Baltimore, St, Louis and other cities, called “the Ferguson effect,” are many more dead black men, killed in crime waves that are reminiscent of the 1990s. Even the FBI Director admits the Ferguson Effect is real, when not covering for Hillary Clinton. 
Horowitz’ latest book is full of insights and straight talk on the goals and the mission of the Left, and how it has advanced its cause this last quarter century. He provides the kind of arguments that keep his books from getting reviewed by the New York Times. And there is always a horrible slur available from the Left to describe a viewpoint that counters one of its missions. The Left chooses to ignore the argument and uses character assassination for the people making it. It argues that these are people (Horowitz included) unworthy of serious consideration, or respect. 
Silencing the critic or the dissident or limiting his visibility has been a long time weapon of the Left. So far, Horowitz keeps writing, and America is free enough that the Left, though it clearly wants to, cannot ban his books. George Soros and his family have another $20 billion to spend on changing America. The Alinsky acolytes have their mission laid out to make use of the funds and create an America where the smart bureaucrats can organize society and distribute its wealth, so results are all equal. And we can all sing along with the Pete Seeger songs as we turn away from any role overseas (where of course we have primarily been an agent of evil) and disinvest in defense every year. 
Let’s hope that some of America’s young will read Horowitz’ books,and learn what their professors and teachers won’t teach them.",0
6282,Muslim Radical Says Hillary Will Win,"By wmw_admin on November 2, 2016 henrymakow.com — Nov 1, 2016 Salman Hossein was forced to flee Canada in 2010 with police on his tail for antisemitic activities. From his exile in Dhaka, Bangladesh, he says Hillary will win and lead the US to world war. Masonic Jewish central bankers can’t allow Trump to win because he will turn on them. They are already losing world control and Trump would be the final nail in their coffin. CIA, Mossad, please phone. Salman Hossein is available for false flags, drug running, wet operations etc. by Salman Hossein — (henrymakow.com) After 9-11, there were eight regimes that had not submitted to the authority of the Jewish bankers. Four of them either got taken out or bullied/bribed/coerced into bowing down – Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, and Sudan. The only problem is that recently China, Iran, North Korea, Russia, and Turkey have broken out of the sphere of control. Syria is still independent and fighting to maintain its sovereignty against Israeli expansionism and Banker domination. Putin recently put out an arrest warrant for George Soros for currency manipulation and has issued a decree banning the Rothschild clan from Russia. Russia is also causing problems for the Israelis and the West by defending the regime of Bashar Al Assad from Nusra and Da’esh/ISIS. Israeli expansionism has been kept in check by Russia. China has also more or less wrested free of control from the International Jewish oligarchy. As a pro-Israeli asset , Trump is not a threat to Israeli expansionism in Gaza and the West Bank. He has even opened up a campaign office in Israel. He is essentially aligning white gentile power with the Israeli-Jewish supremacist camp. He only cares about Israel and will facilitate even worse oppression of Arabs and Muslims not only in Palestine and the rest of the Greater Middle East but in the Western world as well. He consistently repeats the false “ Muslim terrorist “ narrative. He is even worse than George W. Bush Junior . As the alternative to the US Dollar, the new BRICS monetary system is also challenging Jewish control of international finance. The heavyweights in the BRICS alliance are Russia and China. There are those who claim that BRICS is also covertly run by the Jewish bankers. I don’t buy this. The Chinese are fully aware of the Jewish question . The Russians kicked out Jewish criminals . They won’t be able to penetrate the economy as well as they have done in the Western world. THE DILEMMA OF JEWISH SUPREMACISM",0
6283,"LibertyNEWS Daily Electoral Projection Tracking Map Now Has Trump at 259, Clinton at 197","Last week our 2016 electoral projection map had Trump at 235 electoral votes and Clinton at 230. Today’s update includes several state category changes that benefit Trump should they play out as projected on election day next Tuesday. 
The following changes are reflected in the new projections. Utah moves from toss up to Trump New Hampshire moves from Clinton to toss up Virginia moves from Clinton to toss up Michigan moves from Clinton to toss up Ohio moves from toss up to Trump 
UTAH 
While long shot candidate Evan McMullin has proven to be a thorn in Trump’s side in Utah, all polls now indicate Trump will end up triumphant on election day. The media is hyping Utah in an attempt to cast a negative light on Trump’s overall standing with more conservative GOP voters, but there is no solid evidence McMullin will actually pull off a win. 
We strongly believe Trump will ultimately win Utah and have moved this state into the Trump corner accordingly. 
NEW HAMPSHIRE 
New polling out of New Hampshire has Trump and Clinton tied, with the latest poll showing Trump at +3. There is no early voting in New Hampshire so we don’t have a sense of where things stand in terms of turnout. 
With no early turnout data and tightening polls we’ve decided to move New Hampshire back into toss up territory. 
VIRGINIA 
Perhaps the most surprising move is Virginia. Of all the states we’re watching in the toss up column, Virginia is probably the toughest pick up for Trump. The big government vote in northern Virginia is a mountain not easily climbed for a Republican candidate. 
Clinton has a lot of advantages in Virginia. There are wide spread reports of voter fraud in favor of Clinton, the northern Virginia blue vote will be a huge benefit and her running mate Tim Kaine has deep organization across the state. 
That said, Clinton should be dominating in the polls and instead they’re tightening across Virginia in ways they shouldn’t all things considered. On October 19th Clinton lead in the average by nearly 10%. That lead has been cut to just 4.7%, nearly within the margin of error. 
MICHIGAN 
Our sources in Michigan are telling us Trump is gaining massive steam in the state. It’s all about turnout and according to FiveThirtyEight if the popular vote is within 2 points Donald Trump has a 40% chance of picking off Michigan. 
On October 18th the Fox 2 Detroit poll had Clinton up by 13%. Two days ago that same poll had Clinton up by 3%, a lead that sits within the margin of error. 
OHIO 
In pretty much all polls for Ohio over the past several weeks Donald Trump has consistently held a 5% advantage. This plus the fact that there has not been a major poll released after the bombshell FBI news has us confident Ohio is now in Trump’s favor. 
If our projection holds, Trump only needs 11 electoral votes for victory at the 270 mark. And as you can see below, there are a plethora of ways he can accomplish that. All of them, however, are very challenging. 
That challenge exists for Clinton as well. 
Note : Our projection is based on corrected sample weight for a broad variety of polling combined with early voting statistics. CURRENT PROJECTED ELECTORAL VOTE STANDINGS HILLARY CLINTON DONALD TRUMP 259 ELECTORAL VOTES 
Note: Orange denotes states that cannot yet be projected. Hover over each state to reveal electoral vote counts. AL",0
6284,‘Isn’t It Also Against Her Freedom of Choice?’ - The New York Times,"Here are the top 10 comments of the week on our digital platforms, as selected by our readers and the journalists who moderate nearly every comment. 1. If forcing a girl to wear hijab is against her freedom and “feminism,” what about forcing her not to wear hijab when she wants to? Isn’t it also against her freedom of choice?  —   Aysha Jahan on The Times’s Facebook page, responding to an article about efforts by the police in several French beach towns to enforce a ban against the “burkini,” a modest swimsuit worn by observant Muslim women.  This comment received more than 2, 450 likes.  2. A 6. 2 magnitude earthquake, while not small, is not particularly large. The reason it caused so much damage is that many of the beautiful ancient buildings are composed of unreinforced masonry (stone). These are the most dangerous buildings to be in during an earthquake as they have very little sheer strength, and therefore collapse when exposed to lateral ground accelerations. Such buildings can undergo seismic retrofitting, but the process is expensive and I suspect that most buildings in Italy have not undergone such a procedure. So therefore it is likely an unaddressed infrastructure issue that led to wide such spread devastation.  —   Geoscientist in Tallahassee, Fla. reacting to an article about the earthquake that struck central Italy, killing more than 200 people. 3. I grew up in Southern California. I remember when the Whittier Narrows quake crumbled parts of my hometown and what it felt like to be thrown out of bed for the Northridge quake and being forced to crawl on my hands and knees to safety as my mother screamed from her room down the hall. We were fine, just broken dishes and books everywhere, but I remember the terror. I can’t imagine how these people felt as their houses collapsed around them. My heart goes out to Italy. Know that many Americans who have lived through earthquakes themselves are thinking of you. We hope many are pulled from the rubble alive. And hopefully you can rebuild stronger. Peace.  —   Dr. A. in Texas. 4. The triple standard continues  —   woman, a Clinton and Democrat. Whitewater, a   conspiracy theories, Benghazi, and now “the emails. ” All of these have produced nothing other than a normal human being with a long track record of excellent service who has made a few errors and has a few flaws. Bernie Sanders had a lot of things right, including letting the spinning of the emails fall by the wayside. If this were a man, not a Clinton, and not a Democrat, this wouldn’t even be news.  —   6Strings in North Carolina, reacting to an article about a judge’s order to the F. B. I. to release nearly 15, 000 of Hillary Clinton’s emails that it collected off her personal server.  This comment received more than 4, 300 reader recommendations. 5. In economics, educational achievement, social status, in those measurable areas, this ethnic group has a large portion of its population at the bottom. Look at the public schools and how Democratic factions like teachers’ unions and organizations like the N. A. A. C. P. have a stranglehold on this group’s children. Trump’s remarks are correct  —   just look at these urban cities that have been under Democratic control for decades. One could go on and on, but why not admit the overall accuracy of what Donald Trump stated? I’m voting for Donald Trump.  —   Pianki in St. Louis, reacting to an article about Donald Trump’s attempts to reach out to black voters. 6. It should surprise no one that white people just don’t want to live with blacks, regardless of income. And yet everyone still treats this fact as though it were new, or they bend over backwards trying to deny it all together. Face it. It makes no difference if you are a   professional,    black person  —   because in the end, you’re still black.  —   N. Smith in New York, reacting to an article about racial segregation in cities like Milwaukee, where 59 percent of black families with household incomes over $100, 000 a year live in poor areas.  This comment received more than 190 reader recommendations. 7. My son will now attend elementary school without an EpiPen. I pray he doesn’t touch anything with   . .. have considered home school now. How long will the people of this country suffer to Big Pharma until we rise up against it?  —   Jennifer Ericksen on The Times’s Facebook page, reacting to an article about the sudden and steep increase in the price of an EpiPen, an injection device that delivers a dose of epinephrine to a user suffering an anaphylactic allergy attack.  8. I am a chemist by training and trade. As far as the bagels are concerned, the lye (i. e. NaOH) reacts with the proteins and sugars in the flour and causes (I am guessing) carmelization reactions. By the time the bagels are boiled and baked, the lye has been completely neutralized and there should, in fact, be no free lye remaining. If you want to follow the recipe that uses lye, be careful (generally speaking, kitchens can be dangerous places if you aren’t careful) but don’t worry about having remnants of a toxic chemical in your food.  —   Perry Brown in Salt Lake City, reacting to an article about whether lye is a key ingredient in bagel baking. 9. As for Facebook, I’ve found that it has both fostered all sorts of very productive (i. e. polite and reasonable) political discourse and also led to some personal disappointment. On the one hand, you can speak with people about political matters in a way that would be far too awkward in person (“no religion or politics” is still the standard rule of etiquette for most social gatherings, I find). On the other, it means I now have to see how much my grandfather loves Trump. It stings every time I see him post something, but what can you do? You have to let people be themselves and have the emotional restraint to not respond to everything you see online. Facebook, like most digital media, is nothing but what you make it.  —   Jonathan Krause in the United Kingdom, reacting to an article about Facebook’s role in political news coverage during this election cycle. 10. This is what happens when   get more access to the same funding and facilities   get, beginning in middle and high school and on through college. This is why women’s rights are human rights. The benefits of empowering   can be felt all across the societies that choose to do so.  —   Leanne Harpin on The Times’s Facebook page, reacting to an article about American female athletes in the Rio Olympics, where they won 61 medals. Had the women been a separate country, they would have been third in the overall medal count. This comment received more than 550 likes. ",0
6285,"Netanyahu Calls Trump ‘True Friend Of Israel’, Likud Party Pols Call For U.S. Embassy Move To Jerusalem","  Netanyahu Calls Trump ‘True Friend Of Israel’, Likud Party Pols Call For U.S. Embassy Move To Jerusalem Politicians from Netanyahu's Likud party called for Trump to follow through on his promise to move the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, in a break with the policies of previous Republican and Democrat administrations   9, 2016 Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu congratulated Donald Trump on his election as US president on Wednesday and called him ‘a true friend of the state of Israel’. “For if thou altogether holdest thy peace at this time, then shall there enlargement and deliverance arise to the Jews from another place; but thou and thy father’s house shall be destroyed: and who knoweth whether thou art come to the kingdom for such a time as this?” Esther 4:14 (KJV) EDITOR’S NOTE: So where is the Bible in all this excitement surrounding this election? It’s right here – Jerusalem. God showed me well over a year ago that Donald Trump was “His man” for the White House for one reason, and one reason only. Because Donald Trump will move the US Embassy to Israel , an act which will declare Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, that will usher in an amazing time of fulfillment of prophecy on a scale that we have never seen. ‘I look forward to working with him to advance security, stability and peace in our region,’ Israeli leader Netanyahu said in a statement. He went on: ‘The ironclad bond between the United States and Israel is rooted in shared values, buttressed by shared interests and driven by a shared destiny. PM Netanyahu Congratulates US President-Elect Donald Trump: ‘I am confident that president-elect Trump and I will continue to strengthen the unique alliance between our two countries and bring it to ever greater heights.’ Netanyahu avoided controversial topics in his statement, unlike members of his government. Education Minister Naftali Bennett , who heads the hardline Jewish Home party , said Trump’s victory eradicated the idea of a Palestinian state. He said the unprecedented win was an ‘opportunity for Israel to immediately retract the notion of a Palestinian state in the centre of the country, which would hurt our security and just cause’. For such a time as this: The day I heard Donald Trump say that he will “move the US Embassy to Jerusalem as president”, the Lord tapped me on the shoulder and said “pay attention to that guy”. Glad I did. Listen to this 2-hour radio program on how Bible propehcy will likely be fulfilled. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said that he hopes ‘peace will be achieved’ during Trump’s term. Politicians from Netanyahu’s Likud party called for Trump to follow through on his promise to move the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, in a break with the policies of previous Republican and Democrat administrations.  ",0
6286,7 Chicago Officers Face Firing Over Laquan McDonald Cover-Up - The New York Times,"CHICAGO  —   Chicago’s police superintendent has called for the firing of seven officers for their response to a colleague’s fatal shooting of Laquan McDonald in 2014, a case that roiled the city and laid bare longstanding tensions between the police and black Chicagoans. Superintendent Eddie Johnson’s decision, announced Thursday by a Police Department spokesman, comes nearly two years after Officer Jason Van Dyke fired 16 shots at Mr. McDonald, a     . The dashboard camera video of the shooting that was released, under public pressure, in November incited widespread protests and exposed an entrenched “code of silence” among officers who had sworn to a far different account of the shooting from what the video captured. The case has led to increased scrutiny and skepticism of the department, including a Justice Department investigation into Chicago police practices and the firing of the previous police superintendent last year as protests intensified. Mayor Rahm Emanuel remains under pressure to provide more transparency and overhaul the police disciplinary system. The call to fire the officers broadened the departmental fallout as the force struggles to restore public trust. The seven officers recommended for firing were accused of making false reports. They had backed up Officer Van Dyke’s account that Mr. McDonald had moved menacingly toward him with a knife. But their story was contradicted by the video of the shooting while Mr. McDonald had a knife, he seemed to be veering away from the police when Officer Van Dyke shot him, and the gunfire continued after the teenager collapsed to the ground. Officer Van Dyke, the only officer who fired his gun that night, has been charged with murder and is awaiting trial. He has pleaded not guilty and said he feared for his life. To the department’s critics, the significance of the video of Mr. McDonald’s shooting was not just in showing how wanton and unnecessary his killing had been, but in starkly demonstrating how blatantly and casually police officers had lied about the circumstances of another officer shooting a man. Such “code of silence”   of misconduct, critics said, had rarely been made so plain as in the discrepancy between the officers’ accounts of the killing and what the video later showed. Craig B. Futterman, a University of Chicago law professor who directs a civil rights and police accountability project at the law school, said the move to fire the officers was a start. “This is an important and necessary step,” he said. “But it can’t be a  . It has to be a consistent practice that if you lie, you are fired. The sad fact is that lying has become a regular and entrenched practice when police misconduct occurs, and disciplining or firing officers for engaging in that practice has rarely happened. ” In an email to Chicago police employees announcing his decision, Superintendent Johnson said he believed “that through these challenges we can take the lessons learned to become a better department. ” “While I know that this type of action can come with many questions and varying opinions, please know that these decisions were not made lightly,” he said. “Each of these decisions was based on a methodical and substantive review of the facts by both internal and external counsel. Each officer will have their right to due process. ” Mr. Emanuel said in a statement that he supported the superintendent’s decision. “As the city takes these important steps to hold individuals accountable, we must also recommit ourselves to partnering together to rebuild trust between our police department and our residents,” Mr. Emanuel said. The president of the union representing    officers did not immediately respond to messages on Thursday seeking comment. Mr. Futterman said the discipline should not stop with the   . “The code of silence goes far higher than that, and goes far higher in this case,” Mr. Futterman said. “It’s even more important that those at top of the food chain are held accountable. ” He said it remained to be seen whether the department’s response is unique to the highly scrutinized McDonald case  —   or whether it signals that lying to investigators to protect another officer’s misconduct will no longer be tolerated. With   making up one third of the city, the question is critical to the department and the city. Public hearings this summer on the Justice Department’s investigation revealed deep rifts, as frustrated and angry minorities recounted tales of victimization. But many said getting dangerous and abusive police officers off the streets was only part of the issue. Equally significant, residents said, was fixing a broken, or nonexistent, disciplinary system so it would bring accountability after cases of police abuse. The seven officers Superintendent Johnson recommended firing were made to turn in their badges until the Police Board made its decision. But he cannot terminate them unilaterally. The officers, who were not named, will have a chance to contest the action before the city’s Police Board, whose members are appointed by Mr. Emanuel. The Police Board’s executive director, Max A. Caproni, said Thursday that his office had not yet received formal charges against the officers. Once those charges are filed, the officers will have the option to hire lawyers and contest the findings. The disciplinary process can take months to play out. Mr. Caproni said the median time for a hearing was about four months after charges are filed, and the median time for a disciplinary decision was about seven months. Without any lawsuit being filed, and long before criminal charges were filed and the video was made public, Chicago’s City Council approved a $5 million settlement for Mr. McDonald’s family. But his death is just one of several noteworthy police shootings here in recent years. Since 2004, Chicago has spent more than $500 million to settle cases of alleged police misconduct. Those payments, which have come as Chicago has struggled to fund its school system and meet its pension obligations, have frustrated residents. During protests last year after Officer Van Dyke was charged, demonstrators repeatedly chanted “16 shots and a ” and many urged Mr. Emanuel to resign. The Department of Justice investigation includes an examination of how the Chicago police treat minorities and punish misconduct in its ranks. It could eventually lead to a legally binding agreement with the city imposing significant changes in how the police operate. The City Council has also been holding hearings on the creation of a new agency to investigate police abuses community activists are waiting to see whether the proposal by the mayor and his Council allies has real teeth and independence, or whether the structure of the new agency would be as ineffective as the existing police review authority that it would replace. In the aftermath of the McDonald case, the city’s inspector general issued a report recommending the firing of eight officers, said Anthony Guglielmi, a police spokesman. The department “respectfully disagrees” with the recommendation to fire the eighth officer, Mr. Guglielmi said in an email, “and feels that there is insufficient evidence to prove those respective allegations. ” Two other officers cited by the inspector general have since retired, Mr. Guglielmi said. The inspector general’s report has not been published. Mr. Guglielmi also said the officers’ names would not be released until formal charges were filed with the Police Board. Both the Police Department and the Office of Inspector General said they could not release the report recommending the firings or Superintendent Johnson’s response. Federal investigators said they were also investigating Mr. McDonald’s shooting, and a special prosecutor has been appointed in state court to investigate whether officers who witnessed the shooting committed crimes.",0
6287,"As Calais ""Jungle"" Burns, Refugees Try To Storm Their Way Back In","As Calais ""Jungle"" Burns, Refugees Try To Storm Their Way Back In   Source: Zero Hedge 
It has been a harsh week for the 8,000 refugees inhabiting the Calais ""Jungle"" camp. 
Continuing an operation which began on Monday, workers ramped up demolition of France's notorious Calais ""Jungle"" on Wednesday after fierce blazes cut through a swathe of the camp overnight, sending migrants fleeing for safety. Fabienne Buccio, the prefect of Pas-de-Calais, said it was ""mission accomplished"" for the demolition. 
However his assessment may have been premature as charities said many unaccompanied minors had not been processed and BBC reporters at the camp said groups of adults remained. 
Wearing hardhats and orange overalls in the morning fog, a team of around 15 workers resumed tearing down tents and makeshift shelters at the camp that has become a symbol of Europe's migrant crisis. 
As recounted by AFP reporters, a new fire threw black smoke into the sky as several dozen wood shacks smouldered on a main thoroughfare of the sprawling slum. ""Someone burned our tents. Maybe they used petrol or something, I don't know, but the fires spread fast. We had to run out in the middle of the night,"" said Arman Khan, a 17-year-old Afghan. ""I left all my things behind, I have nothing now."" 
Riot police had cordoned off the demolition area while aid workers and government officials checked that the dwellings were empty. Others carted away the debris and abandoned belongings - mattresses, multi-coloured blankets, supermarket trollies and so on - in small earth-movers. Gas canisters, sinks, refrigerators and other metal objects lay scattered across the desolate scene. 
The fires spread just hours after workers moved in Tuesday to clear the squalid camp that has been home to an estimated 6,000-8,000 migrants, many with hopes of reaching Britain. 
A local official played down the blazes, telling AFP: ""It's a tradition among communities who set fire to their homes before leaving."" Located next to the port of Calais, the Jungle has for years been a launchpad for migrants attempting to make it to Britain by sneaking onto trucks or jumping onto trains heading across the Channel. 
Since Monday, 3,242 adults have been transferred to centres around France and 772 unaccompanied minors have been moved to shipping containers converted into temporary shelters in the Jungle, the interior ministry said. The numbers represent around half the camp's estimated population before the operation began, according to official figures. 
The authorities have said those who agree to be moved can seek asylum in France. Those who refuse risk deportation. The fate of more than 1,000 unaccompanied minors is of particular concern. 
Meanwhile, French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said Tuesday that all those ""with proven family links in Britain"" would eventually be transferred and that London had committed to reviewing all other cases where it was ""in the child's interest"" to settle across the Channel. 
* * * 
However, not all are seeking to rush back. Many inhabitants of the camp attempted to break through the police line and storm back into the camp, which is being demolished by the authorities, according to RT's reporter on the ground. Inhabitants break through police line to storm back into #Calais camp. pic.twitter.com/fb1aQSVh99 
— Harry Fear (@harryfear) October 26, 2016 
Sky News also said that migrants were returning to the “Jungle.” Migrants are returning to the 'Jungle' camp in Calais following fires during demolition at the site 
— Sky News Newsdesk (@SkyNewsBreak) October 26, 2016 
A migrant child, who was among those returning to the camp, waved a cricket bat and shouted: “Jungle is not dead! Jungle is not dead!” according to the British Express newspaper. “It’s chaos with these ongoing fires and plumes of smoke [across the camp],” Harry Fear reported from the scene. 
“The police line was broken by migrants wanting to enter back in,” he said, adding that it appears new fires have been set across the camp. 
According to the RT correspondent, the operation to clear Calais looks much like a failure, despite claims of its complete success by the French authorities. He said that fire brigades on site have been working “quite slowly” to put out the fires. The RT crew also noticed “uncontrolled gas canisters [at the camp’s territory], which haven’t yet been secured by the authorities,” Fear added. 
According to an unnamed regional official, the authorities will be able to shut down the processing center, which is dispersing migrants to different locations in France until the end of the day. Fires keep burning in many locations around the camp as some migrants set fire to the camp in response to government actions. 
— Jonathan RT France (@Jonathan_RTfr) October 26, 2016 
The demolition of tents and wooden structures, which the residents had used as shelter, started at the site on Tuesday. Violent clashes between the police and the inhabitants were reported, with tear gas deployed by officers. The camp was set ablaze last night by refugees displeased with the demolition. The flames caused several explosions of portable gas, with four migrants arrested over the incident. Cette partie de la #Jungle a été rasée au tractopelle #Calais pic.twitter.com/somJBNNkKy 
— Jonathan RT France (@Jonathan_RTfr) October 26, 2016 
Thousands of hopeful migrants, many of whom are now homeless, are looking to cross the English Channel to find asylum in the UK have been holed up at the camp for months. Britain, however, only agreed to take in around 1,000 migrant children from the camp who have relatives in the UK. 
On Wednesday, almost 40 councils in England refused to accept any of the child refugees evacuated from the camp. 
Meanwhile, with the UN warning that the recent attack on Mosul may unleash up to another million refugees in the coming weeks, Europe's migrant crisis is about to get even worse.  ",0
6288,"Just 11 Miles Off Coast, California’s Galápagos - The New York Times","“Look at that,” came the voice of our boat’s captain over a crackly intercom. “A wildlife sighting and we haven’t even left the harbor!” Toward the bow of the ship on the starboard side, a sleek, dark gray figure was cresting out of the water about 25 yards in front of us. It was a bottlenose dolphin, the playful and charismatic mammal found in oceans all over the world. I pulled out my rented binoculars to get a closer look, and a couple of fellow passengers clapped their hands in delight. We got another glimpse of the dolphin’s dorsal side and blowhole before it vanished with a quick flick of the tail. Nearby, a group of sea lions lazed on a buoy. I had been looking for an easy, casual day trip from Los Angeles, where I live, and I found it. Channel Islands National Park comprises five islands: an archipelago of four islands that hug the Santa Barbara Channel off the coast of Southern California, and the more remote Santa Barbara Island, further off toward Catalina to the southeast. The islands are remarkably close to the mainland  —   the closest is just 11 miles from shore  —   but seem like they’re a world away. During my visit to Santa Cruz Island, I felt connected to both land and sea. The breathtaking vistas, great hiking and dozens of flora and fauna unique to the islands made it clear why some refer to the Channel Islands as “the Galápagos Islands of North America. ” And unlike a pricey trip to the Galápagos Islands, I was able to explore Santa Cruz on a modest budget. Our      boat was chartered by Island Packers Cruises, the official concessionaire of the Channel Islands. The price, $29. 50 each way (I bought my ticket online) is reasonable considering there is no official entrance fee to the park. Tickets can be bought to all five islands in the park, depending on the season. Currently, tickets are only available to Anacapa and Santa Cruz, the largest of the islands. Buying ahead is recommended, and make sure to call the morning of to verify your boat is sailing sometimes there are cancellations because of the weather. You will need to bring supplies, as there is nothing available to buy on the island. (There is also no publicly usable electricity or transportation, and the cellphone service is spotty to nonexistent.) As I was only planning to be there for the day (camping overnight is also an option) I just needed food and water for a   trip. I would then follow the old scouting mantra of “pack it in, pack it out”  —   taking all my waste with me back to the mainland. After exiting the freeway in Ventura, I headed to the Royal Bakery and Cafe and bought a couple of items: a   scone ($2) and a much better croissant with turkey and cheese ($3. 95). Things like water ($1. 75 for one liter) and granola bars ($2. 50) are available at the office where the boat departs, and there is a variety of snacks on the boat, including popcorn ($3) and domestic beer ($4). You may also want to invest in some Dramamine (I didn’t see it for sale in the boat’s concession stand). Depending on the day, and how the winds are behaving, you could be in for a choppy ride. Ours was bad. “Sometimes it’s a mirror,” said Larry Driscoll, a volunteer with the Channel Islands Naturalist Corps, “and sometimes it’s even rougher than this. ” A couple of passengers had begun to turn a shade of green and quickly made their way to back of the boat. After 30 minutes of joyfully surfing the big swells at front of our craft, I joined them. Advice for the seasick: Go outside, on as low a deck as possible, and toward the rear of ship. It won’t make the nausea go away, but it will minimize your movement and the fresh air will help. Fortunately, rough seas aside, there was a lot to enjoy on the ride, which is very much a part of the entire experience, lasting over an hour each way. The highlight was when a pod of common dolphins began swimming next to our boat. Dozens of silvery fins, shimmering in the sun against a backdrop of deep blue water, cantered and crested as our captain slowed the boat. “Oh, they’re just playing now,” a woman next to me said as two of the creatures popped out of the water no more than 15 feet from us. Whales are also a common sight during voyages out to the islands  —   there are specific   tours  —   but unfortunately none appeared during our trip. After something of a rough arrival  —   thanks to the choppy waters, we had to dock at Prisoners Harbor, near the middle of the island, rather than our planned berth on its eastern side  —   we made it to Santa Cruz Island. (The island was named in the early 17th century it had been home to the Chumash tribe, before diseases from European settlers ravaged the population.) A few passengers set out on the 3.  hike to the campground and a couple others went off to hike on their own. The rest of us were given a choice of taking an “easy” hike up the Del Norte trail or a more difficult one toward Pelican Bay. I opted for the latter, joining a group with two of the Island Packers guides. The moderately difficult hike, which consists of some steep, rocky sections, is doable even for beginners. You will get your hands dirty, though, as some of the more arduous parts are closer to climbing than hiking, and require three points of contact. Leanne Kleinsmith, one of our guides and a native of Ventura County, was amazed by the effect the recent rain had had on the island. “It is so green right now,” she said. “It’s never this green. ” She was right. As we hiked along the coastal bluffs, the pine, oak and ironwood trees were remarkably lush, nothing like the yellows, browns and ochres that typically characterize Southern California. The hike to Pelican Bay goes into territory owned by the Nature Conservancy, which is based in Arlington, Va. The environmental organization owns most of the Santa Cruz Island, which was once the largest   island in the country, and the National Park Service manages the rest. Ms. Kleinsmith told me that what makes Santa Cruz Island so special, in her opinion, is its biodiversity. There are nearly a 1, 000 plant and animal species packed into less than a 100 square miles many animals are found exclusively, or nearly exclusively, on the Channel Islands, including the island spotted skunk, the island fence lizard, and the Townsend’s   bat. While lounging near the beach waiting for our return ferry back to the mainland, some of us saw an island fox, which is the only carnivore unique to California and is found only on the Channel Islands. The island fox, once at risk of extinction, now happily sidles up alongside tourists, as it has no natural predators on the island. I also got to see a couple of bald eagles soaring high above (using those rented binoculars, available for $6 at the harbor) as well as an island   a small bird with deep cobalt blue plumage that is found nowhere else in the world but Santa Cruz Island. Because of our late arrival at Prisoners Harbor, we weren’t able to complete the entire hike to Pelican Bay. What we managed, though, was well worth it: a challenging but doable path that offered beautiful views of the coastline and Pacific as well as opportunities to see wildlife. After we made it back to our starting point, there was still quite a bit of time before our ferry was to arrive. So I started the “easy” hike up the Del Norte trail: It looked alarmingly steep. After a   of walking directly uphill, I was getting winded. After another   I decided to turn back. The   easy hike was twice as difficult as the one to Pelican Bay. After an uneventful (and much less nauseating) ride back to shore, I was still feeling up for another quick adventure before heading home. Ojai, about 30 minutes from Ventura, was once a dusty ranch town but has become something of a New Age   for Los Angeles’s   . A drive down the main arcade on Ojai Avenue is worth it, but I ended up in a more modest section of town on El Roblar Drive looking for dinner. I found it at La Fuente Mexican restaurant, where I ordered an enormous pambazo sandwich: a white roll slathered in red pepper sauce and stuffed with chorizo and potatoes ($6). On the drive back to Los Angeles, I thought of the gorgeous sunset I’d just seen over Surfer’s Knoll, a small beach near the ferry dock in Ventura the spicy, filling sandwich I’d just had and, of course, the great day of hiking in one of the country’s most singular national parks. Even the traffic to Los Angeles was almost nonexistent. I couldn’t have wished for a better ending.",0
6289,Turning Point in Syria as Assad Regains All of Aleppo - The New York Times,"BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   The evacuation of civilians and fighters from the last   part of Aleppo concluded on Thursday after long delays because of frigid weather, putting all of Syria’s industrial capital back in the hands of President Bashar  ’s forces for the first time since 2012. The last buses carrying residents from eastern Aleppo left the city late Thursday night, according to the Syrian state news agency. Tens of thousands of people have been removed from eastern Aleppo since Dec. 15. Before the last buses left on Thursday, the Red Cross said that 34, 000 people had left the city, including 4, 000 fighters who had left in their own vehicles the previous night. A separate convoy was waiting to carry residents out of two   villages in neighboring Idlib Province that have been surrounded by rebels for years. It was unclear late Thursday whether the convoy had completed its trip. The seizure of all of Aleppo by Mr. Assad and his allies signals a turning point in the nearly   conflict. Mr. Assad’s army relied heavily on foreign military support from Russia, Iran and Shiite militias like Lebanon’s Hezbollah to surround the   area. Months of shelling and airstrikes that killed hundreds of people and reduced entire neighborhoods to rubble finally routed the rebels and pushed the area’s inhabitants to leave under an agreement brokered by Russia, Turkey and Iran. Throughout the conflict, Mr. Assad has characterized the rebels seeking his ouster as   terrorists, and he hailed the retaking of Aleppo on Thursday as a blow to those forces. He also thanked the international backers who helped. “Liberating Aleppo from terrorism is a victory not only for Syria, but also for those who really contributed to the fight against terrorism, especially Iran and Russia,” Mr. Assad said at a meeting with a visiting Iranian delegation, according to the Syrian state news service, SANA. Many in the   western part of Aleppo also celebrated the routing of the city’s rebels, who often fired improvised rockets at their neighborhoods, flooding hospitals with the dead and wounded. And as hundreds gathered on Tuesday to see the lighting of a Christmas tree, a bomb exploded in western Aleppo, wounding no one but sending residents fleeing. The evacuation was bitter for residents of the other half of the city, both rebel fighters seeking to topple Mr. Assad and the civilians who left their homes, unsure of when  —   if ever  —   they would return. Residents reached by phone and messaging apps after arriving in   areas described cold, disorderly conditions where many were struggling to find shelter. “People went from one hell to another,” said   Nadaf, a rebel fighter who had left eastern Aleppo for Idlib Province. “We are all tired, and the displacement was really tough. The snow and cold made things worse. ” Many people there had left their belongings behind and had arrived with no money, he said. The ordeal had changed his thinking about the rebel movement, and he criticized its commanders for the infighting that had long sapped their movement and for the Islamist agenda that some had adopted. “I might stop fighting. I lost the motivation,” Mr. Nadaf said. “The goals changed  —   the situation on the ground changed. ” Under the agreement, civilians removed from eastern Aleppo could remain in   areas or continue on to   areas elsewhere. Most have ended up in Idlib, which already held many people displaced from elsewhere in Syria, raising concerns about the humanitarian situation there. The evacuated fighters were allowed to keep light arms and had to go to other   areas. Aid workers fear that because of the concentration of rebel fighters in Idlib, it is only a matter of time before the government and its allies attack there, endangering civilians. Almost all of the province is held by rebel groups, including the Syrian affiliate of Al Qaeda and other extreme Islamist groups. Staffan de Mistura, the United Nations envoy to Syria, said on Thursday that only a deal to end the war could prevent a repeat of the carnage in Aleppo and protect the displaced. “Many of them have gone to Idlib, which could be in theory the next Aleppo,” Mr. de Mistura told reporters in Geneva. But the prospect of such a deal remained unclear. While the victory in Aleppo will bolster the morale of Mr. Assad’s troops, he is widely seen as lacking enough military capacity to both hold his ground and seize other territory held by rebels and by the jihadists of the Islamic State. This week, Russia and Iran, which support Mr. Assad, and Turkey, which has supported the rebels, met in Moscow and agreed to a framework for ending the conflict. Officials from the United States, the United Nations and the Syrian government were not included in the talks. For his part, Mr. de Mistura has announced a new round of United   peace talks in Geneva in February.",0
6290,‘This Election Changed My Mind About America’ - The New York Times,"Here are the top 10 comments of the week on our digital platforms, as selected by our readers and the journalists who moderate nearly every comment. 1. This is what unqualified looks like. [Trump] never expected to win and never planned to govern  —   he just loved the adulation he got from spreading his brand of hate. Now we have a completely unprepared administration trying desperately to do in 7 weeks what it should have been preparing for over the last 18 months. The disaster begins.  —   Mike K. in Santa Clara, Calif. reacting to an article about strife within Donald J. Trump’s transition team this week.  This comment received more than 4, 700 reader recommendations. 2. It seems that Billy Bush has been one of the few to be held accountable for his words and participation in the onslaught of racism and misogyny in the campaign and now   appointments. All others are ascending to the highest offices in the land. As a teacher I am already seeing the repercussions of having Teflon individuals in high office have no consequences for their bigoted remarks. When a student in my diverse classroom does not understand why it is hurtful to yell “build the wall” in the middle of class I can blame our leaders. The   racism, misogyny will continue if we do not hold people accountable.  —   Sarah in Santa Rosa, Calif. 3. Bravo! Someone who understands the threat that Islam poses to the West. Let’s avoid the mistakes of France, Belgium and other countries where the dominating instincts of the world’s most dangerous religion have been allowed to flourish.  —   Mark in Los Angeles, reacting to an article about   Trump’s choice of Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn as national security adviser.  4. Hey, I find it really ironic that all the groups that think they have a   mandate to enforce “tolerance” are so intolerant of controversial views and people that run counter to their own. Maybe the moral and ethical standards of Mr. Bannon are not that repugnant in the end, like Trump who has said some unfortunate things, as has everyone, that he regrets? If political correctness gets pushed to the maximum, business and progress grinds to a halt in fear of legal accusations that become paralyzing. How many lives have to be ruined by such enforced “correctness”? And what about the controversial manipulators on the other side like [George] Soros, who will hold them to account?  —   Nutmeg in Brookfield, Mass. reacting to an article about Stephen K. Bannon, the former head of Breitbart News, whom   Trump selected as his chief strategist. This comment received more than 100 reader responses. 5. Infrastructure spending, child tax credits, paid maternity leave and dismantling trade agreements. ...hmm, sounds a bit like some of Bernie’s platform. Slice and dice identity politics are all well and good but, in the end, it is all about the economy. And too many of our fellow citizens are hurting. Wake up, Dems, and return to the party’s FDR roots, or continue to lose.  —   Ellen Liversidge in San Diego. This comment received more than 390 reader recommendations. 6. This sad news hurts like the loss of a family member. Gwen Ifill’s clarity and moderate tone brought so much to the frantic Washington scene. This is the worst possible moment to lose her special gift for analyzing politics and bringing contending parties together in a civil conversation.  —   JL in Brooklyn, reacting to an article about the death of Gwen Ifill, the political reporter and PBS “NewsHour”   on Monday. This comment received more than 2, 200 reader recommendations. 7. I am considering many grad schools in the U. S. for my master course next fall. Before the election, I only looked at the ranking, the alumni’s feedback, the requirements and the fee and campus life. Now, I really have to think about the safety. As an Asian woman, I don’t expect anyone to stop me in the street and tell me to get back to China (which I am not from). So now, although I was so sure about some schools in Texas and Wisconsin, I have to sit down once again, and closely look at the cities, and hope that they are not too red. This election changed my mind about America.  —   Huyen Phuong Le on The Times’s Facebook page, responding to an article about foreign students questioning whether they should pursue a college education in the United States during the Trump administration.  This comment received more than 60 likes.  8. Imagine, for a moment, you are a white male somewhere in America who just lost his job at a factory. Your mortgage is in default, your car is being repossessed, and you wonder whether you’ll be able to find a job, much less one that pays a decent wage. You have no particular animosity towards blacks, gays, women, but you constantly hear the message that as a white, straight male, you are the paragon of privilege and that the hardships in your life are irrelevant or made up. You don’t feel so privileged. Are your struggles and fears really so different from those of the minority groups? It’s easy to see why that person voted for the candidate who acknowledged his fears and against the candidate (and party) who dismissed his concerns because he was not a minority.  —   Andy in Scottsdale, Ariz. reacting to an   essay about whether a focus on identity politics distorted the left’s message during the election. 9. I’m less patient with sexism and talking down and more likely to stand up for others.   the day after the election, all of the young women in my office dressed in head to toe black. No one coordinated, no one knew that the other women would be dressed similarly, but we all were sending a conscious (sartorial) message of mourning, and it was comforting to see and feel that kind of solidarity.  —   Katey Laubscher on The Times’s Facebook page, responding to an article about the small gestures in which women found comfort in the days after the election. 10. This is a what locker room talk should be.  —   Alexa Carey on The Times’s Facebook page, responding to an article about three University of Wisconsin basketball players who have used their status as college athletes to boost political causes. ",0
6291,A Conflicted Donald Trump Tries a New Tactic: Sticking to the Script - The New York Times,"After months of flailing attempts, Donald J. Trump has begun to recast his political message in more structured terms and wrestle with his temptation to go off script, as his campaign seeks to revive his fading candidacy and turn the focus this fall to Hillary Clinton’s honesty and integrity. Working off a script from his reshuffled team of advisers, Mr. Trump is also drastically tempering his language about the signature issue of his campaign: immigration. After winning the Republican nomination on a promise to deport all 11 million immigrants who are in the United States illegally, he indicated on Wednesday night that he was considering allowing some to stay if they had lived in the United States for many years, lacked criminal records and paid back taxes. “We are going to come out with a decision very soon,” he said on Fox News, signaling flexibility on an issue that sharply divides undecided voters. He is expected to deliver a speech on immigration next week in Phoenix. Mr. Trump is also spending far less time attacking his fellow Republicans and picking fights with people other than Mrs. Clinton, instead hammering away at her State Department tenure and her family’s charitable foundation. And he is aligning his stump speeches with his television advertising, vowing to crack down on violent crime and improve border security. Aware of his unpopularity with white moderate voters, especially women who have been turned off by his racially charged words, he is trying to show interest in the lives of   and Hispanics, too, even as he uses language that offends those groups. Many Republicans, weary of repeated promises of a reborn Mr. Trump, remain skeptical that he can stick to his message over the next 11 weeks, and some say it is too late to persuade most voters to see him anew. And the message he has delivered with fresh rigor, especially his emphasis on crime, still diverges widely from what most Republicans view as a winning pitch. Even Mr. Trump is not sure he can be  . He said in an interview that he still loved his freewheeling rallies of old, even when they got him in trouble, and that he would not always rely on prepared remarks or stop waging warfare with his Twitter account, even if he ended up overshadowing his advisers’ preferred arguments. Yet Mr. Trump seems to be confronting the reality that his political fortunes could rise or fall on his ability to show restraint. Over the last week, his new political team shared grim polling data with Mr. Trump and told him directly that he was in grave danger of losing if he did not sharpen and steadily prosecute strong arguments against Mrs. Clinton. He came away persuaded and has been heartened by upticks in some recent polls. “I have been staying on message more now because, ultimately, I’m finding that I do better with voters, do better in the polls, when I’m on message,” he said in a telephone interview on Tuesday. Mr. Trump ousted his chief strategist, Paul Manafort, last week and appointed two advisers who had more expertise with his brand of   public relations: Kellyanne Conway, a veteran pollster and cable news commentator, and Stephen K. Bannon, the chairman of Breitbart News, a conservative website. Mr. Trump sees Ms. Conway as a polished and energetic defender who can help him attract female voters and shape the message that he wants to deliver, rather than impose one on him. She, in turn, wanted him to have prepared remarks at rallies, and he decided to use teleprompters to help stick to those scripts. “Ultimately, I said I want to do this my way,” he said. “I had 80 days at the time, and I want to do it my way. ” Few presidential candidates have indulged their impulses and spoken    as much as Mr. Trump, a political outsider who is used to playing the tough guy in boardrooms and business negotiations. Assuming the role of party   has been a struggle for him, and even now, as he tries to follow a new script, he has not abandoned the caustic tone that has defined his candidacy. His evolving language on immigration reflects his conflicting desires: In the space of a few hours on Tuesday, he said he was open to “softening” his   policies toward some people who had entered the country illegally and then whipped up a rally in Austin, Tex. with promises to make Mexico pay for a border wall. His new pleas for support from black voters have also carried a hard edge, including last week in Wisconsin, when he questioned why they would not vote for him. Describing blacks as besieged by crime and bereft of economic opportunity, he asked, “What the hell do you have to lose?” In Ohio on Monday, he described American cities as more dangerous than war zones, and in Mississippi on Wednesday night, he called Mrs. Clinton a “bigot” who courted minorities only for their votes. And at a rally in Tampa, Fla. on Wednesday, Mr. Trump still showed a penchant for going off script, reading the word “premeditation” as “premedication” during an attack on Mrs. Clinton  —   and then, after a pause, saying he preferred “premedication,” an apparent nod to conspiracy theories that his allies have spread about her health. Several Republican leaders and strategists, including those critical of Mr. Trump, said they had noticed adjustments in his performance since Ms. Conway became his campaign manager last week. Where previous advisers have sought to recraft the basics of his message, the new team around him appears intent mainly on arranging his favorite themes in a more consistent, linear format. Still, with early voting set to begin in many states in late September and October, and given Mr. Trump’s history of popping off on Twitter, at rallies or in cable interviews at any moment, they said it was impossible to say whether his current message would endure and help turn the focus to Mrs. Clinton’s character. “Is what he’s doing enough for him to win? We’ve got to play the hand we’re dealt, so it will have to be enough, but it’s very hard to know,” said Matt Borges, the head of the Ohio Republican Party, who has urged Mr. Trump to adopt a more positive tone. “He just needs to focus on all of Hillary Clinton’s problems. But look, we’ve all been saying that for months. ” John Brabender, a Republican strategist who has worked extensively in swing states, said there was clearly an effort in progress to guide Mr. Trump toward a “more focused and more consistently delivered message,” within the limits of what comes naturally to him. But Mr. Brabender also suggested that Mr. Trump needed to do more. “He should be talking about: What is the vision of what America is going to look like after four years of Donald Trump, and what does that mean for people’s lives?” Mr. Brabender said, allowing that Mr. Trump had improved on his practice of “making it up at every campaign stop they have. ” Mr. Trump, in the interview, argued that it took “more talent to do freethinking rallies” than to stick to a script, noting that he had to remember to make points about jobs and immigration while also engaging his audiences. He said that he was adjusting to his latest style of communicating, and that it sometimes felt at odds with his desire to entertain the crowds at his rallies. Yet as he mulls important shifts on immigration, he is still making muddled statements and remains far from clear on policy details. There are signs of change. In an interview last month, shortly after the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, issued scathing comments about Mrs. Clinton’s email practices as secretary of state, Mr. Trump said he could not “spend more than five minutes talking about her emails at my rallies, because people will lose interest, and you have to talk about other things to keep their attention. ” But in the interview this week, he said he needed to “give people a mix of things at the rallies” and wanted “to be more on message. ” “Now we’re getting to Labor Day, and things will be different,” he said. Still, if aides have helped bring new focus to Mr. Trump’s stump speech, they have been unable to tame him on social media, where he continues to deliver outlandish attacks on all manner of adversaries, especially in the news media. He attacked the MSNBC hosts Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough on Monday in extraordinarily personal terms and threatened to “tell the real story” about them. Mr. Trump said he would not hesitate to do so again if they criticized him, or to consider taking on others  —   even if that meant stepping on his scripted message. “If people hit me, I will certainly hit back,” he said. “That will never change. ”",0
6292,Re: More Than 101 Million Working Age Americans Do Not Have A Job,"More Than 101 Million Working Age Americans Do Not Have A Job By Michael Snyder, on April 7th, 2013 
The jobs recovery is a complete and total myth. The percentage of the working age population in the United States that had a job in March 2013 was exactly the same as it was all the way back in March 2010. In addition, as you will see below, there are now more than 101 million working age Americans that do not have a job. But even though the employment level in the United States has consistently remained very low over the past three years, the Obama administration keeps telling us that unemployment is actually going down. In fact, they tell us that the unemployment rate has declined from a peak of 10.0% all the way down to 7.6%. And they tell us that in March the unemployment rate fell by 0.1% even though only 88,000 jobs were added to the U.S. economy. But it takes at least 125,000 new jobs a month just to keep up with population growth. So how in the world are they coming up with these numbers? Well, the reality is that the entire decline in the unemployment rate over the past three years can be accounted for by the reduction in size of the labor force. In other words, the Obama administration is getting unemployment to go down by pretending that millions upon millions of unemployed Americans simply do not want jobs anymore. We saw this once again in March. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, more than 600,000 Americans dropped out of the labor market during that month alone. That pushed the labor force participation rate down to 63.3%, which is the lowest it has been in more than 30 years. So please don’t believe the hype. The sad truth is that there has been no jobs recovery whatsoever. 
If things were getting better, there would not be more than 101 million working age Americans without a job. 
So exactly where does that statistic come from? Well, the following explains where I got that number… 
According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, there are 11,742,000 working age Americans that are officially unemployed. 
In addition, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics says that there are 89,967,000 working age Americans that are “not in the labor force”. That is a new all-time record, and that number increased by a whopping 663,000 during the month of March alone. 
When you add 11,742,000 working age Americans that are officially unemployed to the 89,967,000 working age Americans that are “not in the labor force”, you come up with a grand total of 101,709,000 working age Americans that do not have a job. 
When you stop and think about it, that is an absolutely staggering statistic. 
And anyone that tells you that “a higher percentage of Americans are working today” is telling you a complete and total lie. During the last recession the percentage of working age Americans with a job fell dramatically, and since then we have not seen that number bounce back at all. In fact, this is the very first time in the post-World War II era that we have not seen the employment-population ratio bounce back after a recession. At this point, the employment-population ratio has been under 60 percent for 49 months in a row… 
Since the end of 2009, the employment-population ratio has been remarkably steady. Just check out these numbers… 
March 2008: 62.7 percent 
March 2012: 58.5 percent 
March 2013: 58.5 percent 
We should be thankful that the percentage of working age Americans with a job did not continue to decline, but we should also be quite alarmed that it has not bounced back at all. 
If there was going to be a recovery, there would have been one by now. The next major economic downturn is rapidly approaching, and that is going to push the employment-population ratio down even farther. 
So why is the U.S. economy not producing as many jobs as it used to? Well, certainly the overall decline of the economy has a lot to do with it. We are a nation that is drowning in debt and that is getting poorer by the day. 
But since the end of the last recession, corporate profits have bounced back in a big way and are now at an all-time high . So you would figure that the big corporations should be able to hire a lot more workers by now. 
Unfortunately, that is not the way things work anymore. Big corporations are trying to minimize the number of expensive American workers that they have on their payrolls as much as possible these days. 
One way that they are doing this is through the use of technology. Thanks to robots, computers and other forms of technology, big corporations simply do not need as many human workers as they used to. In future years, this trend is only going to accelerate. I wrote about how this is changing the world of employment in one of my previous articles entitled “ Rise Of The Droids: Will Robots Eventually Steal All Of Our Jobs? ” 
Another way that big corporations are replacing expensive American workers is by shipping their jobs off to the other side of the globe. Big corporations know that they can make bigger profits by making stuff in foreign countries where they can pay workers less than a dollar an hour with no benefits. How in the world are American workers supposed to compete with that? 
For much more on how U.S. jobs are being killed by offshoring, please see this article: “ 55 Reasons Why You Should Buy Products That Are Made In America “. 
And of course immigration is having a dramatic impact on the labor market in some areas of the country as well. Cheap labor has dramatically driven down wages in a lot of professions. For example, once upon a time you could live a very nice middle class lifestyle as a roofer. But now many roofers really struggle to make a living. 
When you add everything up, it paints a very bleak picture for the future of the American worker. 
The cost of living keeps rising much faster than wages do, and the competition for good jobs has become incredibly fierce. 
Meanwhile, the government continues to make things even easier for those that are not working. This has caused some Americans to give up completely and to be content with letting the government take care of them. The following is from a recent article by Monty Pelerin … 
As we make it easier to get unemployment benefits for longer time periods, more people take advantage of the system. So too with food stamps and disability. All programs are at or near record levels in what is supposed to be four years into an economic recovery. For many, the benefits of becoming a government dependent exceed what they can earn. One study reported that a family of four, collecting all the benefits for which they were entitled, would have to earn $65,000 per annum to have the same after-tax purchasing power. 
If you are a product of the government schools and are legal to work (i.e., have skills enough that you are affordable at the minimum wage or higher), at what point do you realize that there is no need to go through the hassle of actual work. You can live pretty well by staying home and taking advantage of the entitlements available to you. That is exactly what a larger and larger percentage of the population are realizing. In many cases, it is economically irrational to work. 
This behavior creates a social pathology that only worsens over time. Kids learn from their parents that work is not necessary and the many ways to game the system. In this regard, look for this problem to become worse over time unless these programs are cut back. 
In some areas of the country, it actually pays not to work very hard. According to Gary Alexander , the Secretary of Public Welfare for the state of Pennsylvania, a “single mom is better off earnings gross income of $29,000 with $57,327 in net income & benefits than to earn gross income of $69,000 with net income and benefits of $57,045.” 
But the truth is that most Americans still want to work hard and would gladly take a good job if they could just find one. The following is one example that was featured in a recent Fox News article … 
After a full year of fruitless job hunting, Natasha Baebler just gave up. 
She’d already abandoned hope of getting work in her field, working with the disabled. But she couldn’t land anything else, either — not even a job interview at a telephone call center. 
Until she feels confident enough to send out resumes again, she’ll get by on food stamps and disability checks from Social Security and live with her parents in St. Louis. 
“I’m not proud of it,” says Baebler, who is in her mid-30s and is blind. “The only way I’m able to sustain any semblance of self-preservation is to rely on government programs that I have no desire to be on.” 
And that is how most Americans feel. 
Most Americans do not want to be dependent on the government . 
Most Americans want to work hard and take care of themselves. 
Unfortunately, our economy is not producing nearly enough jobs for everyone and it never will again. 
So there will continue to be millions upon millions of Americans that find that they cannot take care of themselves and their families without government assistance no matter how hard they try. 
And this is just the beginning – things are going to get much worse during the next major wave of the economic collapse. 
Yes, at the moment there are more than 101 million working age Americans that do not have a job, but that number is actually going to go much higher in the years ahead. The anger and frustration caused by a lack of employment opportunities is going to shake this nation. 
That is why it is important to try to become less dependent on your own job. In this economic environment, a job can disappear at literally any moment. Anything that you can do to become less dependent on the system would be a good thing. 21 Statistics About The Explosive Growth Of Poverty In America That Everyone Should Know » Rodster 
The best advice is to try and start your own business. It’s funny how just prior to the crash of 2008 I always felt at a disadvantage not earning a regular paycheck and was tempted to give up my business and get a full time job. 
After 2008 I thank my lucky stars I continued on with my business and now I feel i’m at an advantage because I can earn a living fixing cars. RICHARD 
Why would any one want to go out and get a job when they can sit on there duff and make more money drawing unemployment and food stamps, plus I am sure there working on the side to. Syrin 
This is EXACTLY the point. FunkYou FunkMe 
Heck yeah, why work full-time with a company that covers their part of taxes and might offer benefits further bettering my compensation when I can work for myself without a guarantee of getting anything tomorrow. I mean sure it works for some, but we all can’t run our own businesses. More power to the people that do, but again it isn’t for everyone. LifeandLiberty 
Obama’s transformation of America is working as planned. charlie 
This is WAY bigger than Obama. He’s pushing the agenda, but he’s not the one giving the ques. Look to the secretary General of the United Nations if you want a clear path to start from. Jack White 
No….. Even farther back… Think creation of Fed Reserve, then you are gettin to the root/heart of the problem… 
Well, Bernanke has no wiggle room to accommodate higher rates for savings. 
The Fed will have to quit printing $85 billion per month or finance such expansion through sales of treasuries if the fed rate is to rise and lift saving rates. The printing continues under the folly of needing to continue monetary expansion until unemployment gets down to a certain level. 
The next big delay in change will be based on “we gotta keep printing until the unemployment figures are solid”! Presently it just sticks an IOU in the drawer and waits for better times 
So, seniors are lured into risks of an inflated stock market. 
Start learning to earn online folks, go to EarnCashSecrets dot com to start your free training. 
I do not see the employment situation improving in the next 10 years. Cheap labor is available all over the place, both overseas, and inside the USA itself (imported from south of the border). Ralfine 
Yes, replace Obama with a white supremacist and everything will be well. Put the women back in the kitchen and you suddenly have zero unemployment. As you have now more jobs than workers, get in some mexican slaves, but without their families. Return them when they are worn out. Cut all welfare. But only the welfare to the poor. Cut all taxes to the rich. Force unemployed to work for free to get necessary work experience. Promote wars for American-style democracy and let the soldiers get their spoils directly on-site. Billy G 
Your ideas are intriguing to me, I’d like to subscribe to your newsletter. Ralfine 
History repeats itself. Read some books about the Third Reich. The BBC also has made some good documentaries. And dont forget to read Mein Kampf, which was mandatory reading, so every German should have known what was happening. 
Read some American history, maybe Howard Zinn: A people’s history of the United States. jaxon64 
You forget–Obama is a member of the party which created white supremacists in the USA, started the KKK, were the southern democrat slave holders, voted against the civil rights act 4 times from the 1860’s until the 1960’s and were even willing to die and have their sons die so that they could keep their slaves….etc. 
I think the most surreal moment of 2011 was watching Obama give such a moving eulogy at WV senator (D) Byrd’s funeral. I still can’t figure out which was more mind-boggling. Having a man who is 1/8th black/african as the honored speaker at a KKK Grand Dragon’s funeral or.. vice versa- that a man who stirs the racial pot every chance he gets saying such glowing things about an ignorant Dem who hated blacks…. 
PS: I’m not a supporter of the neo-cons like bush, mcCan’t or Obamney either so don’t waste your time with an attack as you defend “your blue team” Ralfine 
Yes, America is a strange place on earth. 
I also found this on wikipedia: 
“In 1997, Byrd told an interviewer he would encourage young people to become involved in politics but also: “Be sure you avoid the Ku Klux Klan. Don’t get that albatross around your neck. Once you’ve made that mistake, you inhibit your operations in the political arena.”[20] In his last autobiography, Byrd explained that he was a KKK member because he “was sorely afflicted with tunnel vision—a jejune and immature outlook—seeing only what I wanted to see because I thought the Klan could provide an outlet for my talents and ambitions.”[21] Byrd also said, in 2005, “I know now I was wrong. Intolerance had no place in America. I apologized a thousand times … and I don’t mind apologizing over and over again. I can’t erase what happened.”[10]” markthetruth 
Mr Bill : Mrs Obama is rich. Hope Your in DC Plenty of move where that one comes from. 
the end… 
Can we do worse than Bush? How about Carter? Yes we can! Paul 
Michael, I think it would be very interesting to see an article written by you discussing how the provisions of Obamacare kicking in 2014 will affect the U.S economy. I enjoy reading your articles. MichaelfromTheEconomicCollapse 
That is a good suggestion. Certainly Obamacare is not going to help things one bit. 
Michael Stacey 
Michael , alot of people are already feeling the effects of Obamacare. Workers are being reduced to part time. Under 30 hrs due to a provision in Obamacare which states employers have to provide health coverage to employees who work full time, 30 hours or more a week. 
Obamacare is already bending over the elderly even thou that was one of the arguements of the stupidcrats… They say it isn’t, but the boots on the ground say a different story…. markthetruth 
Only 1/3 of the 315 + 25(illegal) 340 million People in the U kfilly 
We know what it will look like. It will be ugly! markthetruth 
and it won’t be natural either, man made ugly! 
the end. 
Think 3rd world for a good idea of tomorrow in America. markthetruth 
Everything is a SCREEN . Try and Go a day with out seeing one. 
The: 
the end… Mondobeyondo 
The next time you see a teenager, make note of whether he or she is plugged into an Android, or iPhone, or MP3 player, or some other digital device. 
Then hand them an old fashioned book, and explain to them what it is. Heh! markthetruth 
Yep ! the Smart Andriods are making humans FAT, LAZY and DUMB. 
the end… FunkYou FunkMe 
Meanwhile you’re using a computer, tablet, laptop, phone, etc. Hmmmm. These devices aren’t making humans fat, lazy, and dumb. It’s our society that does that. If our society geared these technological advances to be mainly the pathway to higher knowledge and productivity then we would be in a better position. In some ways it’s an individual thing for different people. I know some people that grew up loathing to read, but found joy in reading once they discovered eBooks. There are so many apps and potential apps that can help better organization and motivate people better, but it does no good if people don’t care. Simple fact is people just don’t care. This isn’t to generalize everyone. Some people care, but the majority of people don’t care. James 
How many of those people are stay at home moms or people in college etc… MichaelfromTheEconomicCollapse 
James: 
Yes, those are certainly included in the working age population, so we will never have a time when all of them are working. 
But what is alarming is that the percentage of the working age population that is working has not gone back up at all after falling so dramatically during the last recession. 
Michael razorbacks 
Its easy to get caught up in keeping up with the Jones’ and chasing the dollar. I struggle with how far to go in preparing for the next wave of economic problems. I live on a small farm (paid for) and have a garden spot, springs on the farm, nickels, ammo and guns…Problem is my work requires being gone for months at a time. My biggest concern is getting home if it gets very bad. So how much money stashed away is enough? That’s the million dollar question. K 
Michael, once again you have touched on every major point. I believe you are totally correct. It is just another case of the numbers being rigged. Whether it is unemployment or the stock market, or the cost of living. All the numbers are rigged anymore. If more people were capable of critical thinking, the rigging of numbers, would have stopped working a long time ago. Remember, what is now called normalcy bias. We used to call, not being in contact with reality. And it was considered a mental disability. Jodi 
Things are about to get much, much worse for those counting on unemployment benefits. This morning I logged onto my unemployment account & noticed a message saying that after April 1st unemployment benefits will be reduced to a certain percentage due to sequestration. Luckily, I found a job in November but anybody else who hasn’t been fortunate enough to find a job yet is going to feel the pain even more now. But interestingly enough no reduction in Obama’s golf outings & he doesn’t seem to care much. Mondobeyondo 
Yes Jodi, things are about to get very bad. Obamacare is going to be a job killer, for those who are still employed. For the long term unemployed, like moi… well… Jodi 
Mondo, I’m sorry you’ve been unemployed for a long time. It took me 14 mos to find work after I lost my good paying job for 13 years. God Bless you, I hope you find work soon. 
I feel fortunate to have found a job but I only work 30 hrs a week & $5.00 less per hour than my old job. The reason why I’m working 30hrs…Bingo, that’s right Obamacare. Annoynimus 
And because you continue to collect unemployment while working? Jodi 
I know longer collect unemployment, I still have an account with the unemployment office. JackWms 
She didn’t say she was still collecting, prehaps you need to learn to read. Alika Nganuma Toshihiko Cripe 
Ive bee tirelessly on my bicycle looking for job North and sout of Melbourne FL. I cant get a job no matter how hard I try. They dont even count those who are trying reimburse their past crimes to better themselves. I have a felony and i cant find a job no matter how hard i try. 
Im about to go homeless, loose my phone, my fiance, and my future. I cant even goto school i feel so helpless. El Pollo de Oro 
“Obamacare is the perfection of crony capitalism that’s being sold as something that’s wonderful for the people. Insanely expensive care provided by crony capitalist cartels that have totally opaque pricing and are in cahoots with the central state that supposedly regulates them.”—Charles Hugh Smith 
“Obamacare is essentially forcing us to buy a defective corporate product.”—Chris Hedges 
“I share the right wing’s critique of Obamacare. It’s a disastrous bill. It was written by corporate lobbyists.”—Chris Hedges 
“You need some health insurance? We’re going to privatize it. We’re going to make you buy from our pals that sell insurance. That’s what they call Obamacare.”—Gerald Celente Handog 
Disturbing. Jodi 
It is very disturbing. I logged in for the heck of it yesterday to see if there has been any changes to unemployment & I couldn’t believe it. I don’t know how much of a percentage they will be reducing it too but it’s already barley enough to make ends meet. LazyIke 
When a person runs out of unemployment, unless they register with the useless unemployment off, they are considered by the BLS as not looking for a job. Not necessarily true! charlie 
Things are far worse than many know. We live in the rural area’s & we are being attacked at every turn by Agenda 21 AKA: Corporate farmers & others. Had 2 UN soldiers on our property. animals poisoned and slaughter as early as yesterday 2 calves killed in the same night, They have tried to burn down our place & attempted to kill us by running us off the road. We are very much on our own, as it is apparent the law enforcement is protecting them. It is very sad that people think this is a thing to save the environment because if they were out here in the war zone they would see it is exactly the opposite. Fact is it is a HUGE reason everyone’s standard of living is dropping and America is falling into a very dark abyss. Unless people wake up and get the UN out of the US it is going to get even worse real fast. I have been fighting these monsters for many years. AMERICA! WAKE UP! They are NOT your friends! If you have a problem, you isolate it and then resolve it. Everytime people isolate it, they push out a distraction to get minds on something else, but fact is Agenda 21 IS the problem & Americans need to get focused and stop them. Tex May 
charlie… make an appointment to see your Doctor. You need help man! charlie 
You do realize that those involved in this agenda all do the same things & say the same things, right, TEX? For the past 40 years it has been repetitious. The crazy card has been played to death to cover all this up. Fact is when people educate themselves on the happenings you are all very easy to spot. I find it amazing that so many Americans are willing to assist in the overthrow of their own country on a premise of a Utopia that will never exist the way you all think it will. charlie 
Hey Tex, I woke up to DEAD ANIMALS all over my farm this morning along with a bunch stolen again. I wake up EVERY DAY with trucks reving their engines all the way around my house, now let me tell you something if I wasn’t TRAUMA BASED RAISED BY SATANISTS & COMMUNISDTS this would drive me absolutely in sane, but FACT IS it is just another day for me because it is the ONLY LIFE I personally know. I am a CHRISTIAN. I KNOW why I am being stalked and tormented. These people have killed everything I love my entire life. I grew up in your so called Utopia and used to just watch your lives and became happy in doing so. My point is the actions happening in my life is NORMAL so though I may cry and be sad about what’s happening, being trauma based raised it’s not as traumatizing to ,me any longer what is sad for me is watching so many others enduring what I had screamed my bloody head off for years warning about and being called crazy which hurt my feelings at first but now I see what so called sane is and being crazy is an honor. Well, I have more dead animals to bury, so here I go again. Just another day, same thing over and over again. Euhill 
Agenda 21 is just the tip of the ice berge. What is happening is a whole lot worse than that. What is happening is in the Book of Revelation. charlie 
I also believe it is bigger than Agenda 21 ,I also believe they are a huge “player”… but do NOT believe this is the book of Revelations (yes, I am VERY familiar with my Bible),I admire the walk of CHRIST like no other…I can see why the world would be so jealous of him….. I believe this is one huge ((HOAX)) by the whore of Babylon played on the world & a great theft of the people. NONE of this is new to me as it is to many others, I have seen all this before. These monsters enjoy ” Crossing the centerline” when they drive….. over and over again. Euhill 
You’re the one that needs help if you can not see what is happening as a whole in the US, Europe, and UK. But then again you’re probably the type of person who would tell the Argentines what they went through in 2001 was a figment of their imaginations. What did happen in Argentina in 2001 is our future and when that time comes, may you get all you have coming to you, Tex May. seth datta 
Secrets are kept in plain sight. Did you know Obama is the puppet that heads the UN? 
So he has to make a choice. Is he truly the leader of the free United States, or is he the leader of an anti-freedom, anti-US communitarian government? 
And do we trust a leader who lies about his birth certificate and lies about his religion. Two basic things. What else is he lying about? 
It only takes one true ideal, one real direction and even just one person to change the nation. Unfortunately, we have the wrong one. Roger Smith 
Some call him President….I call him a one-man sleeper cell. Tex May 
I call you NUTS! Makati1 
Didn’t mention that those 101 million also do not have money to spend to increase demand so that corporations need to hire. And the others that are employed are getting shrinking paychecks and buy less and less. No corporation is going to hire and increase production when there is no market for their product. That is the ‘Catch 22′ of the current situation. But, then the other mentioned reasons also fed the collapse in jobs. Welcome to ‘for profit’ capitalism. Do you have your food stamps card? You soon may. quercus454 
I have talked that same point over and over again with my more liberal family members. Some 30 plus years ago corporate American found it was cheaper and easier to cut labor, rather then build a better mouse trap. They pushed the idea of free trade to increase profits and because of that today we have lost millions of well paying jobs. At first the effect was not so noticeable. Families with declining incomes borrowed on their homes and credit cards to try to keep their standard of living at the same level it was. Now the effects are really kicking in. Those who tried to keep up their standard of living by increasing their debt, lost on that gamble, the economy never picked up. 
By essentially destroying most of the middle class, corporate America killed the goose that laid the golden egg. As more and more people lost their jobs or had their wages decline because of foreign competition, their ability to purchase good and services also declined. Credit is no longer viable for many. Factor in Obamacare cutting employee hours and inflation and it is no surprise that many of America’s biggest and oldest retailers are closing stores. In order to prosper and be successful businesses need customers. If you remove a large segment of your customer base either by unemploying them, reducing their wages or displacing them with low wage foreign labor, you are going to fail. 
Corporate American brought this on themselves by being greedy and short sighted. Congress hasn’t a clue as they still think increasing the population thru immigration will some how solve or negate their previous bad decisions. Adding more low income consumers will not replace the millions of middle class incomes that have been lost. Fred Montgomery 
People want to work for a living; a man does not want a handout. The problem is there are no jobs and the few jobs out there don’t pay anything. No one can live off of nothing. Now, we are now promoting welfare and food stamps over hard work and perserverance. Meanwhile, the robber barons who started all of the economic misery keep robbing us blind. Syrin 
To quote Monty Perelin, “If you are a product of the government schools and are legal to work (i.e., have skills enough that you are affordable at the minimum wage or higher), at what point do you realize that there is no need to go through the hassle of actual work. You can live pretty well by staying home and taking advantage of the entitlements available to you. That is exactly what a larger and larger percentage of the population are realizing. In many cases, it is economically irrational to work. 
This behavior creates a social pathology that only worsens over time. Kids learn from their parents that work is not necessary and the many ways to game the system. In this regard, look for this problem to become worse over time unless these programs are cut back.” Syrin 
From zerohedge, ” Now we finally know that the very bottom of the entitlement food chain also makes out like a bandit compared to that idiot American who actually works and pays their taxes. One can only also hope that in addition to seeing their disposable income be eaten away by a kleptocratic entitlement state, that the disappearing middle class is also selling off its weaponry. Because if it isn’t, and if it finally decides it has had enough, the outcome will not be surprising at all: it will be the same old that has occurred in virtually every revolution in the history of the world to date.” Syrin 
Michael, why do you say most people don’t want to be dependent on gov’t? This is the age of the GARYs. Back in the 30’s, one would get gov’t assistance as a last resort with one’s head hung low in shame. Now it’s a career decision. People “work” to find the best way to milk the system for all they can. 
Want to fix the problem? If you receive gov’t assistance in the form of welfare, food stamps or medicaid, YOU LOSE THE RIGHT TO VOTE BECAUSE IT’S A CONFLICT OF INTEREST. That way those who PAY for all these leeches get to decide how much they are willing to surrender. Two YEARS of unemployment? I don’t think so. Hank Kingsley 
So anyone who works for these parasitic Wall Street scumbanks shouldn’t be allowed to vote? I quite agree. Not American 
I love your profile picture, it fits you! FunkYou FunkMe 
Conflict of interest?! We vote so that our voices (THE PEOPLE) are heard. Whether you like it or not, they are just as much part of the people as you are. Colin 
I am reading Aristotle. He speaks of a continuum. On one end, there is excess, and,. on the other, there is deficiency. In the middle, there is the intermediate. Now applying this to the job market – there are people who are unemployed (the deficiency), who aren’t fully unemployed nor employed (the intermediate), and who are fully employed (the excess). For many on government dependence, they are attempting to reach the intermediate, but are not succeeding. 
My mother is deficient – she has no job. She wants to be employed, she wants to be on the other side of the continuum. She receives unemployment assistance. The state says, “You want money from us, look for a job.” She does, but hasn’t got a job. 
There was a belief in Aristotle’s time that the wealthy had an obligation to the city-state (the polis). They paid for the city’s defenses, for the construction of public works, and so on. It seems to me that we as a nation have failed to persuade the wealthy that they have an obligation to their homeland. I am not speaking of taxes solely, as Gary2 does; I am thinking of construction projects that could rebuild this country’s infrastructure and get people to work. 
Aristotle considered munificence to be a intermediate between vulgarity and shabbiness. Far too many of our wealthy are shabby. 
There are Senators and Representatives in the Congress who recognize that this country’s poor have become “Invisible”. However, they are few in numbers, and the majority opinion dominates the political discussion. Mondobeyondo 
A sad commentary of America, circa 2013. 
The ONLY reason why the “unemployment rate”dropped one tenth of a percentage point for March, is that so many people have given up looking for work. 
Obamacare will certainly not help matters. It makes an already bad business environment downright horrific. kfilly 
Obamacare might help with the unemployment numbers as every full-time job is likely to become 2 part-time jobs. Boy, those job number will be looking better once it goes into full effect. Sigh! chilller 
It was all Obama’s hope to change us into a subservient nation under the thumb of big gov…without all of the extensive entitlements, the masses of unemployed would have overthrown the system by now, hence the gub-mint has bought time to put itself into a defensive posture for when the music stops and there’s 101M+ people trying to find 10 chairs. Mondobeyondo 
101 million working age Americans, are 101 million working age Americans who are not able to contribute to the economy. 
They can not buy furniture. They can’t afford cable TV, so they’re stuck watching “The Voice” on network television. They can’t afford new clothes, a new car, jewelry, or a professional sports game. What are these people concerned about the most? Food. A roof over their heads. Keeping their children (if they have children) educated and healthy, and keeping themselves sane in spite of the Mess we’re all stuck in. 
There will be NO real economic recovery, unless and until our nation’s manufacturing base is rebuilt and restored – and there are serious doubts about that happening soon, if ever. Everything else – the stock market, low wage service jobs, etc – is just chasing after rainbows. El Pollo de Oro 
Mondobeyondo: Excellent points. There will be no economic recovery in the BRA if the only jobs being created are crap service jobs. When millions and millions of people are working 50 or 60 hours a week and still cannot make ends meet, what you have is a Third World economy. There are plenty of low-paying jobs in Guatemala and Bolivia, but not nearly enough jobs that pay a decent wage. And good luck starting a small business in the BRA. The deck is totally stacked against legal small businesses in this banana republic. 
So what happens when you have millions of people who have a strong work ethic, realize that the game is totally rigged and are sick of their miserable, desperate, hopeless circumstances? They join the underground economy, which (as we’ve seen in México) can have horrifying consequences. Unless this country rejects corporatism, returns to true capitalism and free enterprise, rebuilds its manufacturing base and becomes friendly to small businesses, the only growth areas will be: (1) dead-end crap service jobs, and (2) crime and the underground economy. I’m not optimistic. Mondobeyondo 
One final observation, before having my fourth can of “Red Bull” energy enhancing beverage: 
Illegal immigration. It has a huge affect of the legal working American. It’s a huge topic here in Arizona (and frankly I’m sick of hearing about it every day, but nevertheless…) 
If you’re unemployed, you are competing with illegal immigrants who are willing to work for $3, $4/day. They don’t mind a bit. It’s far more money than they made in their homeland. Perhaps YOU can’t live on that, but they’re fine with it. 
So your professional American roofer guy who maybe earns $20 or $25 an hour, is getting replaced by some guy from Michoacan or Guadalajara, maybe Honduras, who’s willing to work for $5/hour. His employer does not have to pay licence/bonding fees, nor insurance, nor health care, nor Social Security, nor TAXES!! 
Don’t get me wrong – I’m all for LEGAL immigration. But not ILLEGAL immigration! quiet_forest 
Uh, I wouldn’t be so keen on legal immigration anymore either. The Federal government runs four work visa programs. Three of those programs do not require the employer to pay any taxes or benefits. 
So, who do you think businesses hire first? The American that the government makes them pay taxes on, or the foreign worker who, because of his status, can’t quit? They can treat him like an indentured servant, cheat him on wages, pay no taxes for him, and it’s (mostly) legal. 
Everything that is happening now is deliberate, top down bottom up. Government regulation crushes small business and stifles competition, while welfare programs demolish the work ethic, creating a defeated, compliant population. We are literally being turned into sharecrop tenants in our own country. If this next amnesty goes through, we are finished. The future of the whole country is already being showcased in California. We were never the land of fruits and nuts. It only looks that way. The reality is that, thanks to the machinations of people such as George Soros, California was the first state to become the land of rigged elections. FounderChurch 
DEMOCRAT GOVERNMENT TRAINED BUMS: 
Where we started to go wrong was back in the Great Depression. Our moral center broke and we put everyone on welfare that whined for it, and it ruined the country permanently. 
It taught the people they didn’t need to fend for themselves and that the government would provide for them, if they would just sit on their rear ends and yelp like dogs waiting to be fed. 
What those unemployed workers needed in the depression was to be kicked in the rear end, and told to “root hog, or die.” 
At the same time we were putting these bums on relief, we had millions of acres of good land laying unplanted, and people’s yards surrounding their houses just laying there. Why should people even plant a garden in their backyard when the government will feed them? CitizenS 
Things are starting to really hit here in WV. My misses was laid off 2 weeks ago and she was the person that put miners for certain coal companies to work. Guess if they don’t need miners, they don’t need someone to call them in. but I met a friend the other evening (Friday night) to drop some things off to him @ the local movie house. The place was a ghost town! The entire strip was near vacant. This included multiple resteraunts, the big box stores, and multiple small shops. Batten down the hatches because when the poor state starts to see it, its gettin rough. Lucy Goldstein 
Coal mining is such a source of contamination to our planet it needs to be eliminated! CitizenS 
Lucy I won’t argue that coal is dirty. However, the power plants in our area have upgraded to the point that the only byproduct of firing with coal is gypsum, which they make drywall mud with and water vapor. Done correctly most of the land mined is reclaimed into something useful instead of an area that was previously all but inaccessible. That being said, yes its dangerous and dirty, but its a livelyhood for the men that work in the coal fields. billy 
Homeless Bill lives in Anchorage, AK. He has an apartment, and is a professional panhandler. I don’t feel sorry for people like Homeless Bill, because he is a fraud. I do feel sorry for the millions of others not like homeless bill. Harold 
The nation of sheeples will continue to support this WH incompetent fool Tim 
This article is on Zero Hedge! Congratulations. none 
Thank God President Obama has expanded the immigration numbers! 
Also now, they will be able to get government guaranteed loans to buy up all the small business that they own! This is why you always see foreigners running the gas stations and small convenience stores. 
And I was about to start off with GOOD NEWS: Michael. Jagrick 
Stuff like this tells me that a lot more (deemed) illegal activity will go on in the future. Euhill 
Yes it will until the end game has been achieved. And when that has happened, things will not be like they once were. 2Gary2 
Michael=–are you still pretending to be named Bill and holding that sign? 2Gary2 
Michael–you are correct in what you say in this post. By any definition Obama is an abject failure. His problem is that he is a moderate republican posing as a dem. Before everyone starts calling me names stop and think of what Obama has done and compare it to Nixon/Ford. Robert (qslv) 
Gary, are you getting gun-shy? Oops, politically incorrect choice of words, lol…….I actually agree with you that Nixon Ford was a bad choice …off the silver standard, dollar devaluation, stagflation, the phony oil crisis. Republicrat or Demmican, they all suck equally….Where you err is to take sides in the phony two party illusion. You refuse to see those behind the curtain. Mondobeyondo 
Another job fair coming up this Thursday. Maybe THIS will finally be the one… Zaboomafoo 
economic recovery is a house of cards; illusory. Craig Stacy 
Like the pic of the bum above… he says it all – 
101 Million Working Age Americans are too lazy to work or even look for jobs Fred Sheetz 
I agree Craig… Here in PA there are tons of high paying jobs in the gas drilling industry, from skilled truck drivers to folks with no experience… People are just too lazy to work. Bruce 
I have read all the comments and it is obvious that NO PRESIDENT is responsible. NO MATTER who is in office or gets into office they are nothing but puppets. Listen, the economy has NO way of recovering, PERIOD!!! Manufacturing is in shambles, wages have dropped to slave levels for many. What company wants to pay 10-15 bucks an hour when they can get the assembly or machining done for pennies on the dollar? Not to mention not having to pay unemployment taxes, matching Social Security, holiday pay, sick pay or vacation plus higher corporate taxes within the US. Employment will NEVER come back. It can’t come back. Unless and until we place significant tariffs on all overseas products we are DONE. No other way will we ever be competitive or even hope to be. Who amongst you will work for 1.25 an hour with no benefits? Now is the time to prepare seriously to avoid hungry bellies in your family. I don’t think ANY commentator, politician, or genius can dispute the fact that we are in a perfect storm. The truth in the matter is Clinton started all this with NAFTA and other free trade agreements. We are screwed, with NO WAY OUT!!! 
Bruce, Bush Sr allowed NAFTA to go through, but it was a Democrat strictly sponsored bill. Clinton unleashed the real monster. The WTO. Mondobeyondo 
This is a brief excerpt from Jon Talton’s excellent blog (he was a former economic columnist for the “Arizona Republic” newspaper, until management forced him out. He now lives in Seattle.) 
“…Some macro realities will not go away: most Americans are much poorer after the recession; wages are stagnant and have been falling on average for years; unemployment remains high and many may never find work again; “consumers” are still carrying more debt than historic norms; changing tastes and demographics, with talented young people and many boomers preferring real cities, not Sun City; Phoenix still has a low-wage economy…” 
The same thing can be said for the entire country. Don_in_Odessa 
Now, this is the way to write a story on the internet. References posted with links to the actual dot Gov web sites. Little good it does these days though. The “Revolution” took a little over two hundred years and it looks like we have laid down our pitch forks and rocks, and retired to the latest news about Lindsay Lohan. Oh,…….we lost! SalMoanella 
School maybe, retirement no. The age 55 plus group is actually increasing in the labor force. Make no mistake about it. It’s the obama non economy. Alasha Tim Mullins 
It’s good that somebody has the knowledge to mention the Third Reich. America is no longer the America of my youth. But any of the comments slamming capitalism, supremacism, or anything else from an earlier era is off base. 
Check the voting records of congress, as well as what was being passed, what it meant, and what riders were attached to the legislation. After that thoroughly confounds you, look up the definition of political far left, political far right, observe the real world results, and ask yourself why there is no real difference between the two. 
The problem is government period. We need less of it. Politicians need to learn that their job descriptions cover far more than simply passing laws. We don’t want our nation changed, we want it fixed. 
The American People have spoken, but President Obama has not listened. And who comes next? He bought MRAPS for DHS, what will the next person buy? Attack Helicopters? gary larson 
MICHAEL. Your article is misleading.. 
The 89,967,000 figure is the number of Americans “not in the labor force”. That includes those too young to work, the retired , those institutionalized and those in the military. 
Those numbers have always been high. 
Pease correct your mistake. gary larson 
MICHAEL. Your article is misleading.. 
The 89,967,000 figure is the number of Americans “not in the labor force”. That includes those too young to work, the retired , those institutionalized and those in the military. 
Those numbers have always been high. 
Pease correct your mistake Victoria 
Our total population is a little over 300 million according the Bureau of Labor Statistics. If you take out children and the elderly that aren’t working that only leaves a little over 210 million working age adults. It is not possible half of all working adults are unemployed or not in the workforce. This article is full of crap. priya 
Tired of Posting jobs in different websites? A great news for you. MyDeals247 introduces an unique model to find the right job which exactly matches your experience and expected salary. No nonsense of getting too many alerts. Most of the employer trust the judgement of MyDeals247’s new recruitment solution. If you have the right skills, you will get a call from the employer in no time. Just login and create your profile. Once in a day, you just login into the system, you will find the matched jobs right on your dashboard. Just submit them. Its a very different solution. Its fun! FunkYou FunkMe 
I honestly believe the government needs to create more jobs. You can nag and complain about it all you want, but let’s think about it. Sales Revenue in US soon will reach $5 trillion/year if it hasn’t already. I remember looking that up. I’m not sure if this is just in retail alone, but if it is then the numbers alone help my case. $50 billion plan to job 1.25 million Americans. This can be accomplished by a 1% federal sales tax. Pay could range from 30,000-50,000. 2% sales tax to extend the number of workers or including cost beyond labor. 
As a developed country we should pride ourselves in having a nation where a larger percentage of working age people are working, the community are clean, and advancements are made to better our communities. All my life I’ve gone up and down streets acknowledging trash littered throughout the sides of roads and even in creek/river areas. I never could understand how we let ourselves become so filthy. Growing up I was always told that people volunteer and serve community service through their probation officer after doing a crime. With that said I always remember seeing the same trash stay in specific spots for weeks. To this day I continue to see trash remain in spots for days. I never make an uproar about it because I know I could very well spend a day off from work to walk down my community and clean it up. Honestly I keep telling myself I’m going to do it, but after working a full week sometimes I don’t feel like doing anything. So I talk myself out of doing anything. 
This probably seems like a small insignificant task to consider a job, but it’s not much different than places that have janitor/maintenance workers/contractors. This is only one example. There are probably way more ideas to better our nation in multiple ways. I just know that creating that many jobs in a short period of time would be an immediate benefit to the economy and help it continue to grow. Now that we are working on getting out of a recession it is absolutely necessary that we figure ways to improve the economy. 1.25 million jobs added means 1.25 million potential more people to turn back around, pay taxes through income and sales, and contribute to businesses(big and small). The better business becomes for businesses the better their able to provide for their workers and themselves create more jobs. If I’m a small business owner gaining a lot of business with my one location open, eventually that would lead to opening more locations, this would involve creating more jobs. This problem with no jobs actually created is the result of many jobs disappearing. Tons of layoffs result in the image and reality of job growth not occurring. That is sadly the case of what we’ve experienced over these years. We need to let our voice be heard to move forward. 
BTW looking at federal sales tax wasn’t to necessarily say it’s the way to go. I’m a fan of the idea that our high sales in America can do wonderful things for our economy and our future. With that said I’m not naive enough to say it could replace the income (personal/corporate) altogether with what our current spending is. peggie gor 
Loan Application @ 2% (Serious Inquiry Only) 
Hello, do you need financial loan assistant, then your prayer has been answered, please contact us at: with Name,Amount,Duration and Phone Number. Reply Back",0
6293,No-Fly Zone Declared as Militarized Police Prep for Assault on ‘Front-Line Camp’ at Standing Rock,"Free Thought Project – by Jay Syrmopoulos 
Cannon Ball, ND – Pipeline opponents attempting to protect their water supply from the Dakota Access oil pipeline (DAPL), as well as prevent the continued destruction of burial grounds and cultural sites, are anticipating a confrontation with police today. This news come after “water protectors” refused law enforcement requests to vacate reoccupied land in the pipeline’s path, owned by Dallas-based Energy Transfer Partners. 
Last week, native activists took the bold action of declaring eminent domain over their traditional territory and set up a new camp “Front-Line” camp directly in the pipeline’s path. Pipeline opponents say they have simply reclaimed the land under the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1851, clearly noting the Sioux never ceded that territory. The new encampment lies across Highway 1806, where pipeline security guards armed with guard dogs and pepper spray attacked protestors attempting to stop the bulldozing of cultural sites and burial grounds on September 3. 
The impending crisis comes after nearly 200 water protectors set up the new camp on land that Energy Transfer Partners last month purchased from a local rancher in an effort to bolster strategic and tactical control of areas surrounding construction of the controversial pipeline. 
According to the AP , however, the Native Americans claim the land is theirs by way of an “1851 treaty and they won’t leave until the pipeline is stopped.” “We never ceded this land,” said protester Joye Braun. 
This latest flashpoint in the ongoing conflict is north of the larger and more permanent encampments, which have been constructed on federally owned land where over 200 Native American tribes have gathered to oppose the pipeline’s construction. 
On Wednesday, a heavily militarized law enforcement presence began mobilizing heavy equipment, including Humvees, armored personnel carriers, buses and demanded the protestors leave the occupied area. 
In an ominous sign, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has restricted flights , and banned the use of drones within a radius of about 4 ½ miles of Cannon Ball. The FAA declared that only aircraft affiliated with the North Dakota Tactical Operation Center are allowed within the restricted airspace. The flight restriction went into effect Wednesday and will last until November 5. 
Indian Country Today reports : 
What began with prayers and a single tipi alongside Highway 1806 quickly grew to more than a dozen tipis surrounded by tents, buses, cars and hundreds of water protectors. Some are calling it the “1851 Treaty Camp” to acknowledge their Treaty rights. 
Across the road is the encroaching pipeline and a heavily militarized police force with armored vehicles, helicopters, planes, ATVs and busloads of officers. Tensions are growing as unarmed citizens worry that police will use unnecessarily harsh tactics. 
In recent weeks, nearly 300 unarmed water protectors who were arrested have been subjected to pepper spray, strip-searches, delayed bail, exaggerated charges and physical violence, according to interviews with several who were taken into custody. The ACLU and National Lawyers Guild recently sent attorneys to Standing Rock to help the Red Owl Collective, a team of volunteer lawyers headed by attorney Bruce Ellison, who are representing many of those arrested. 
The massive law enforcement contingent, consisting of sheriff’s deputies and officers from numerous other states and counties, as well as National Guard, began staging near the encampment — with scores of Armored Personnel Carriers, buses and Humvees poised at the ready. 
“At some point the rule of law has to be enforced,” Cass County Sheriff Paul Laney said Wednesday. “We could go down there at any time. We’re trying not to.” 
Dakota Access LLC, the pipeline developer released a statement encouraging trespassers to “vacate the land immediately” or be “removed from the land.” 
“Alternatively and in coordination with local law enforcement and county/state officials, all trespassers will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law and removed from the land,” the company said. “Lawless behavior will not be tolerated.” 
Just days ago, sheriff’s officials had said earlier they didn’t have the resources to immediately remove activists from the private land, about 50 miles south of Bismarck. Subsequently, law enforcement officials put out a call for reinforcements, with hundreds of officers from out of state responding. 
On Wednesday, actor and environmental activist Mark Ruffalo and civil rights leader Rev. Jesse Jackson went to the new camp to speak and pray with the water protectors. Ruffalo had arrived the night before to speak on an anti-DAPL panel with Native activists at the Prairie Knights Casino and Hotel, according to Indian Country Today. 
After touring the camp Jackson spoke to the crowd, reminding people that nonviolence is key to winning the battle for justice. 
“With promises broken, land stolen, and sacred lands desecrated, the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe is standing up for their right to clean water. They have lost land for settlers to farm, more land for gold in the Black Hills, and then again even more land for the damn (sic) that was built for flood control and hydro power,” Jackson said. 
When will the taking stop? When will we start treating the first peoples of these lands with the respect and honor they deserve? 
The rerouting of the pipeline away from Bismarck to its current route is “the ripest case of environmental racism I’ve seen in a long time,” Jackson said. “Bismarck residents don’t want their water threatened, so why is it okay for North Dakota to react with guns and tanks when Native Americans ask for the same right?” 
The pipeline was originally scheduled to run north of Bismarck until local residents expressed displeasure with the plan, with the DAPL ultimately being rerouted to its current trajectory near the Oceti Sakowin Standing Rock Reservation. 
With an impending militarized police raid of the camp, Mekasi Camp-Horinek, one of the camp coordinators, told officers the protesters planned to stand their ground, saying “Do what you’ve got to do,” according to the Bismarck Tribune 
“I don’t have a crystal ball to know when it will happen, but we know it will happen,” said Mekasi Camp-Horinek, a member of the Ponca tribe in Oklahoma. “We’re going to hold this ground.” 
Water protectors could be heard chanting, “Stand in peace against the beast.” 
“I’m here to die if I have to. I don’t want to die but I will,” said Didi Banerji, who lives in Toronto but is originally from the Spirit Lake Sioux reservation in North Dakota. 
The protesters are simply trying to keep law enforcement from preventing their efforts to stop the pipeline said David Red Bear Jr., 30, from the South Dakota side of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. 
“If we don’t stop them here, they’re going to cut us off closer to the pipeline. We can’t let that happen,” Red Bear said. “We’re not trying to force anybody’s hand. We’re just trying to stand up for what we believe in.” 
The reality is that the citizens of North Dakota are funding a protection force, in the form of police, for a multi-billion dollar corporate entity. North Dakota’s Emergency Commission previously approved $6 million in emergency funding for law enforcement costs related to the protest — with almost all of those funds having been used already. The Department of Emergency Services plans to ask for more, spokeswoman Cecily Fong said. 
Do North Dakotans want their tax money spent on police acting as paid enforcers for Wall Street and big oil interests? 
While law enforcement claims they are just doing their job and enforcing the law, in reality, they are acting as enforcers for an unjust corporate oligarchy that consistently puts money over people. The financial elite are the ones who the police are truly protecting and serving — not the American people. Read more at http://thefreethoughtproject.com/militarized-police-mobilize-assault-standing-rock/#PSrb86pVTC4uQDzq.99 Share this:",0
6294,"A Polarized Supreme Court, Growing More So - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Viewed one way, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch’s confirmation will not do much to change the dynamics of the Supreme Court. His appointment is a    swap, a conservative replacing another conservative. But there is a more instructive way to think about what Judge Gorsuch’s impact will be after he is sworn in on Monday. It is to consider how the court would have been reshaped by President Barack Obama’s pick for the same seat, Judge Merrick B. Garland. The answer shows just how polarized the Supreme Court has become. The titanic struggle over who would replace Justice Antonin Scalia was nothing if not partisan, and for good reason  —   the Supreme Court is just as divided as the rest of the nation. Had Judge Garland replaced Justice Scalia, the court would have immediately shifted to the left. A majority of its members would have been Democratic appointees for the first time in almost 50 years. And, in a shift in recent years, partisan affiliation has become a very strong predictor of voting trends for all its members. All four of the court’s current Republican appointees are more conservative than all four of the Democratic ones, and that familiar dynamic seems very likely to hold when Judge Gorsuch joins the court. But it has not always been thus. As recently as 2009, two Republican appointees to the court, Justices John Paul Stevens and David H. Souter, were members of the court’s liberal wing. In losing the 2016 presidential election, Democrats may have given up the chance to change the balance of power on the Supreme Court for a generation. Judge Gorsuch is 49. If he serves as long as Justice Stevens, the last member of the court to retire, he will still be hearing cases in 2052. He would be 84, as old as Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is now. Actuarial realities suggest that President Trump will have additional chances to move the court to the right. The court’s three oldest members are Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, 80, a moderate conservative who holds the decisive vote in many closely divided cases, and the court’s two senior liberals, Justice Stephen G. Breyer, 78, and Justice Ginsburg. Were Mr. Trump to replace any of the three, a court that generally leans right would have a   conservative majority. Were Mr. Trump to replace all three, the court’s remaining liberals  —   Justices Sonia Sotomayor, 62, and Elena Kagan, 56  —   could find themselves writing lonely dissents for years to come. Until the Democrats’ surprise loss on Election Day in November, liberals had been anticipating something entirely different. “A Garland appointment would have swapped a centrist justice for a conservative one,” said Pamela S. Karlan, a law professor at Stanford University. “This means Garland would have been more likely to be a key vote on more issues than Gorsuch is likely to be, because Kennedy remains the critical vote for a   conservative bloc, while Kennedy or Garland could have been the fifth vote for a liberal result. ” Not only would Justice Kennedy have been ousted from his central role, but Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. would have been thrust into the ideological minority. That would have put the Roberts court’s least popular precedent in immediate peril, said Jamal Greene, a law professor at Columbia. “The biggest substantive change would probably have been in the area of campaign finance,” he said. “Citizens United would almost immediately have been on the chopping block with a liberal majority. ” That decision allowed corporations and unions to do what individuals had long been able to do: independently spend as much as they liked to support or oppose political candidates. “I can even imagine a court with Garland on it chipping away at the    rule that forbids limits on individual campaign expenditures,” Professor Greene said. A range of other liberal policy priorities could also have been preserved, even though Judge Garland is not especially liberal. “With a Justice Garland,” said Elizabeth Wydra, president of the Constitutional Accountability Center, “the right for women to choose an abortion and exercise equal citizenship would have been comfortably protected. The ability of agencies to safeguard clean air and water, civil rights and workplace safety would be less threatened. Gay men and lesbians would rest secure in their marriages and not feel vulnerable to discrimination based on who they love. ” On the other hand, some said that Mr. Trump delivered on his campaign promise and found a nominee whose views reflected, among other things, his hostility to the administrative state, a position Judge Garland does not share. “Garland has a record of deferring to the government on pretty much everything, be it labor regulation or law enforcement, while Gorsuch is much more skeptical both of government action and of judicial deference to executive agencies,” said Ilya Shapiro, a fellow at the Cato Institute, the libertarian group. Judge Gorsuch is very likely to be precisely the sort of conservative Mr. Trump promised his supporters. “The justices that I’m going to appoint will be ” Mr. Trump said at the third presidential debate in October. “They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the Second Amendment. ” Liberal despair over the future of the Supreme Court is compounded by hostility to Mr. Trump. “A president with unprecedented ignorance of, and contempt for, fundamental constitutional values has gotten the opportunity to fill Justice Scalia’s seat with a nominee who is likely to have a   career of moving the court to the right,” Professor Karlan said. In some ways, Judge Gorsuch’s impact in the short term will be modest. He will very likely vote much as Justice Scalia did. The court will thus be basically unchanged since 2006, when Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. ’s appointment moved it to the right. Justice Kennedy will remain at the court’s center, generally leaning right but occasionally joining the court’s liberal bloc, as he did in important decisions on gay rights, abortion and affirmative action. Those decisions are probably secure for now, but a newly empowered conservative majority is likely to continue the signature projects of the Roberts court: deregulating campaign finance law, allowing states to limit voting, expanding gun rights and viewing   decisions by the government with skepticism. A threat to public unions, averted by a    deadlock after Justice Scalia’s death, is likely to  . Justice Breyer’s campaign to do away with the death penalty will founder. Richard H. Pildes, a law professor at New York University, said the array of cases in which the actual Justice Gorsuch and the hypothetical Justice Garland might differ is vast, including on campaign finance, affirmative action, voting rights, religious freedom, class actions, and aspects of criminal and immigration law. But he cautioned in an email that the two judges should not be reduced to stereotypes. “Neither Gorsuch nor Garland has written opinions in most of these areas,” he wrote, “but if you treat them as place holders for ‘conservative’ or ‘liberal’ outcomes  —   which is too simplistic and unfair to both of them  —   these are where those fault lines have been in recent years. ”",0
6295,"Man Disguised in a Burka Allegedly Lured Boy from Mosque Before Raping, Murdering Him - Breitbart","A man disguised in a burka allegedly lured an    boy from a mosque before raping and murdering him. [Azan Majid Janjua was killed after being kidnapped from the mosque he visited in Abu Dhabi for afternoon prayers two weeks ago during Ramadan, the Daily Mail reported.  “He   as a woman because he knew that the boy would not go with a man without permission from his parents,” Major General Maktoum Al Sharifi of the Abu Dhabi Police Department said. Surveillance footage shows the suspect with a purse getting into an elevator with a young boy. Shortly after they reached the roof of the block of apartments, police allege the suspect raped and strangled the    to death. Police say they believe the suspect is a Pakistani immigrant. Gulf News reports that   technicians found the boy’s   body with a Quran May 31 on the roof of his residence. Azan’s father,    Dr. Majid Janjua, said he was “shocked” when he received the news of his son’s death. “He was fasting and he went to the mosque for Asr prayers and Quran recitation and then went missing,” Janjua said. Police arrested the suspect 48 hours after the workers found the body. Detectives say the suspect has confessed.",0
6296,"Donald Trump Challenges Media: ‘The Wall Is Going to Get Built, Folks’ - Breitbart","President Donald Trump reassured supporters that he was still planning to build a wall in his first term as president, despite reports that he was willing to drop wall funding during FY2017 budget negotiations. [“I don’t know what people are talking. I watch these shows, and the pundits in the morning. They don’t know what they’re talking about. The wall gets built, 100 percent,” Trump told reporters at the White House Tuesday.  Reporters asked Trump if he would sign a continuing budget resolution if it didn’t include funding for the wall. “The wall’s going to get built, folks. In case anybody has any questions, the wall is going to get built,” Trump replied. He added that construction for the wall would start “soon. ” “We’re already preparing. We’re doing plans, we’re doing specifications, we’re doing a lot of work on the wall, and the wall is going to get built,” he added. Democrats seized on reports that Trump said during a meeting with conservative media on Monday that he could get funding this week or in September budget negotiations for FY2018, as a sign that he was caving on his priorities. Senate Democrats insist that they will not support any budget that includes wall funding. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer insisted that nothing had changed in the president’s priorities. “No one said ‘delayed,’” Spicer said, when asked if the president was willing to delay wall funding. Behind the scenes, White House aides are reluctant to play “shutdown theater” with Democrats, telling reporters that they are not going to negotiate budget deals with the Democrats through the media. Spicer did not say whether funding for the wall was a firm requirement for the president’s budget, suggesting to his opponents that it was open to interpretation. “I don’t think anything has changed,” Spicer said, adding that discussions were ongoing with both houses of Congress. The wall, he insisted, would be built, but he did not offer a construction timetable. “It’s not a question of wait until the fall. I think that there’s a lot of things that have to happen,” Spicer said. “It’s like any construction   …     we will take the first steps now and we will continue to seek funding through the FY2018 and further budget to make sure that it’s completed. ”",0
6297,Is Your Workout Not Working? Maybe You’re a Non-Responder - The New York Times,"Is your workout getting you nowhere? Research and lived experience indicate that many people who begin a new exercise program see little if any improvement in their health and fitness even after weeks of studiously sticking with their new routine. Among fitness scientists, these people are known as “nonresponders. ” Their bodies simply don’t respond to the exercise they are doing. And once discouraged, they often return to being nonexercisers. But an inspiring and timely new study suggests that nonresponders to one form of exercise can probably switch to another exercise regimen to which their body will respond. And a simple test you can do at home will help you determine how well your workout is working for you. One of the first major studies to report the phenomenon of nonresponders appeared in 2001, when researchers parsed data from dozens of previously published studies of running, cycling and other endurance exercise. The studies showed that, on aggregate, endurance training increased people’s endurance. But when the researchers examined individual outcomes, the variations were staggering. Some people had improved their endurance by as much as 100 percent, while others had actually become less fit, even though they were following the same workout routine. Age, sex and ethnicity had not mattered, the researchers noted. Young people and old had been outliers, as had women and men, black volunteers and white. Interestingly, nonresponse to endurance training ran in families, the researchers discovered, suggesting that genetics probably plays a significant role in how people’s bodies react to exercise. Since then, other researchers have found that people can have extremely erratic reactions to weight training regimens, with some packing on power and mass and others losing both. And a study published last year concentrating on brief bouts of intense interval training concluded that some people barely gained endurance with this type of workout, while others flourished, greatly augmenting their fitness. These studies, however, were not generally designed to tell us whether someone who failed to benefit from one form of exercise might do well with another. So for the new experiment, which was published in December in the journal PLOS One, researchers from Queen’s University in Kingston, Ontario, and the University of Ottawa decided to focus intently on whether a nonresponder to one form of exercise could benefit by switching to another. They began by gathering 21 healthy men and women and determining their VO2 max, a measure of how much oxygen the lungs can deliver to the muscles heart rates and other physiological parameters related to aerobic fitness. Then they had each volunteer complete two very different types of workouts. Each training regimen lasted three weeks, and the researchers waited several months before starting the next regimen, so that volunteers could return to their baseline fitness. One   routine involved typical endurance training: riding a stationary bicycle four times a week for 30 minutes at a moderately strenuous pace. The second type of exercise revolved around   intervals. Each volunteer completed eight   intervals of very hard pedaling on a stationary bicycle, with 10 seconds of rest after each bout. The intervals were brutal but brief. At the end of each   session, the researchers again checked each volunteer’s VO2 max and other fitness measures. As a group, they had gained admirable amounts of fitness from both workouts and to about the same extent. But individually, the responses varied considerably. About a third of the people had failed to show much if any improvement in one of the measures of fitness after three weeks of endurance training. Similarly, about a third had not improved their fitness much with interval training. And after each type of workout, some participants were found to be in worse shape. A majority of the participants, in other words, had failed to respond as expected after one of the workouts. But, importantly, no one had failed to respond at all. Every man and woman had measurably improved his or her fitness in some way after one of the sessions, if not the other. Those who had shown little response to endurance training generally showed a robust improvement after the interval sessions, and vice versa. These data suggest that “there is no     approach to exercise,” says Brendon Gurd, an associate professor of kinesiology at Queen’s University who oversaw the study. “But it does seem as if there is some size that fits everyone. ” The question is how to determine which form of exercise best fits you. The answer, Dr. Gurd says, is simple trial and error. Before beginning a new exercise routine, he says, measure your fitness. You can do this by briskly walking up several flights of stairs or quickly stepping onto and off a box three or four times. Then check your pulse. This is your baseline number. Now start working out. Walk. Jog. Attend interval training or spin classes. After about a month, Dr. Gurd says, repeat the stair or step test. Your pulse rate should be slower now. Your workout sessions should also be feeling easier. If not, you may be a nonresponder to your current exercise routine. In that case, switch things up, Dr. Gurd recommends. If you have primarily been walking, maybe try sprinting up a few flights of stairs and walking back down, which is a simple form of interval training. Or if you have been exercising with intervals and feeling no fitter, perhaps jog for a month or two. The message he hopes people will glean from his and other studies of exercise nonresponders “is not that you shouldn’t bother exercising because exercise might not help you,” Dr. Gurd says. “It does help everyone, once you find your own best exercise. ”",0
6298,Why First Aid Is Often Lacking in the Moments After a Police Shooting - The New York Times,"After the police in Tulsa, Okla. released video footage of an officer fatally shooting an unarmed man, and then standing back rather than tending to the man’s wounds, many people had the same reaction as a local activist, Marq Lewis, who voiced outrage that “they let him lay there   minutes, bleeding. ” Anger at the treatment of the man, Terence Crutcher  —   not only his shooting last Friday, but also how officers behaved afterward  —   echoed concerns over other recent cases, mostly involving black males who died at the hands of the police. Notably, when Tamir Rice, a    boy with a pellet gun, was shot to death in 2014 in a park in Cleveland, officers stood around for several minutes, waiting for an emergency medical team and offering no first aid. So what should officers do? Experts in policing agree that the way officers respond, or fail to, is often a problem, but they say that such failures are not necessarily the fault of the officers, and that law enforcement agencies are starting to address them. “It is reasonable for people to assume that when it is safe for the officers to do so, that they would render first aid to somebody they’ve just shot,” said Jim Bueermann, a former police chief who is president of the Police Foundation, a research group that advises law enforcement agencies. “But a lot of departments do not have policies that clearly articulate the officer’s responsibilities in that situation, and some have no policy at all. ” This year, the Police Executive Research Forum, another research group, issued a list of 30    policies that police departments should adopt, including a requirement that officers render first aid when they can. Officials and    officers have raised objections to other recommendations on the list, but not to that one, said Chuck Wexler, the group’s executive director. “Cops have to be able to pivot immediately from using deadly force to trying to save a life,” said Mr. Wexler, a former police officer. “That is tough, we know that, but it’s what’s needed, and it’s not happening. ” Officers get   training at police academies, but experts say it is often rudimentary, and not reinforced through their careers. A New York City officer, Peter Liang, who was convicted of manslaughter for fatally shooting a man in an apartment house stairwell, said he did not give the man CPR because he had not been properly trained in the procedure, a claim the department upheld. Even when agencies do instruct officers to give first aid, as many police departments in large cities do, officers often lack the training or equipment to handle gunshot wounds. “It’s typically geared toward, you come across an auto accident, or someone is having a heart attack or choking,” said William Johnson, executive director of the National Association of Police Organizations, a coalition of police officer unions. “If there’s a gunshot wound, the typical training is for the officer to call for medical help. ” Some agencies have increased medical training in recent years, and others, like the police departments in Cleveland and Los Angeles, have equipped officers with trauma kits that contain items such as tourniquets, bandages and sterile gloves. “In my 20 years in the Newark Police Department, not once did we ever have the equipment to deal with something as serious as a gunshot,” said Jon Shane, an assistant professor at John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York City. Mr. Shane questioned the wisdom of adding yet another set of responsibilities to officers he said were already overburdened. “The more you spread yourself thin like that, the worse you become at your job,” he said. But Brigitt Keller, executive director of the National Police Accountability Project of the National Lawyers Guild, said that when officers fail to aid someone who is dying, something far worse than poor policies, training and equipment may be at work. “I’m appalled that someone can stand there and watch somebody die without the impulse and the humanity to render aid,” she said. “It’s an indication of how far removed some police officers are from the communities they serve, that you can watch someone die in front of your eyes and remain detached. ” Yet others say that what looks like disregard for life may just reflect human nature. A person who has just shot someone is flooded with adrenaline, sometimes traumatized, and often not thinking clearly. What seems like callousness could also be a product of training. Officers are taught, above all, to secure the scene when force is used  —   to make sure the person, a suspect, is unarmed and that there is no one else around who can pose a threat. In some places, department policy calls for handcuffing the shooting victim. “There’s a difference between officers just standing around while somebody is bleeding to death, and being sure you can safely approach the individual who’s been shot,” Mr. Bueermann, the Police Foundation president, said.",0
6299,Failed Investigations of JFK’s Murder,"Failed Investigations of JFK’s Murder November 21, 2016 
More than a half century later, John F. Kennedy’s assassination still resonates not only because of its historical importance but because the investigation was more a cover-up than a pursuit of truth, says researcher Gary Aguilar. 
By Gary Aguilar 
November 22 marks the 53 rd anniversary of John F. Kennedy’s assassination. If history is any guide, it’s likely some mainstream outlet will commemorate that dark day with reassurances that the Warren Commission was right that Lee Harvey Oswald did it alone, and that most doubters, who have been in the majority since the mid-1960s, are randy conspiracy theorists. That is the essential message by one of the experts likely to be cited this year, attorney Howard Willens. President John F. Kennedy in the motorcade through Dallas shortly before his assassination on Nov. 22, 1963. (Photo credit: Walt Cisco, Dallas Morning News) 
One of the few still-living Warren Commission staffers, Willens followed up his 2013 book, History Will Prove Us Right, with a spirited defense of the Commission in the summer, 2016 issue of the journal, The American Scholar , which he co-wrote with another Commission staffer, attorney Richard Mosk. The piece , “The Truth About Dallas, ” is a celebration of the work and conclusions of the original investigation. 
But Willens’s and Mosk’s defense of the work of the Warren Commission they served on is more notable for what they omit from the official record than what they include. “What the critics often forget or ignore,” they write, “is that since 1964, several government agencies have also looked at aspects of our work,” (p. 59) as if the Church Committee and the House Select Committee on Assassinations (HSCA) had reviewed and applauded the Commission’s work. 
Indeed, they did look at it. But rather than plaudits, they issued stinging rebukes, principally for the Commission’s having been rolled by FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover, and to a lesser extent, by the CIA and the Secret Service. 
“It must be said that the FBI generally exhausted its resources in confirming its case against Oswald as the lone assassin,” the HSCA concluded, “a case that Director J. Edgar Hoover, at least, seemed determined to make within 24 hours of the of the assassination.” 
In essence, the experienced investigators concluded that Hoover had divined the solution to the crime before starting the inquiry, and then his agents confirmed the boss’s epiphany. The intimidated Warren Commission went right along. FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover 
And with good reason, only part of which Willens and Mosk tell. They admit that the “FBI had originally opposed the creation of the Warren Commission” and that Hoover “ordered investigations of commission staff members.” But they don’t tell that Hoover deployed one of his favorite dirty tricks to deal not only with support staffers, such as Willens and Mosk, but also with the commissioners themselves. 
“[D]erogatory information pertaining to both Commission members and staff was brought to Mr. Hoover’s attention,” the Church Committee reported . (emphasis added) 
Hoover’s Spy 
Willens and Mosk also forgot to mention that Hoover had a personal spy on the Warren Commission, then Rep. Gerald Ford, who tattled on Commissioners who were (justifiably) skeptical of the Bureau’s work. 
“Ford indicated he would keep me thoroughly advised as to the activities of the Commission,” FBI Agent Cartha DeLoach wrote in a once secret memo. “He stated this would have to be done on a confidential basis, however he thought it should be done.” Autopsy photo of President John F. Kennedy. 
At the bottom of the memo, Hoover scrawled , “Well handled.” The success of Hoover’s machinations was obvious to subsequent government investigators. (Ford, of course, later became President upon the resignation of Richard Nixon in 1974.) 
The HSCA’s chief counsel, Notre Dame Law Professor Robert Blakey, a criminal investigator and prosecutor with vastly better credentials than either Willens or Mosk, was impressed with neither the Commission’s vigor nor its independence. 
“What was significant,” Blakey determined, “was the ability of the FBI to intimidate the Commission, in light of the Bureau’s predisposition on the questions of Oswald’s guilt and whether there had been a conspiracy. At a January 27 [1964] Commission meeting, there was another dialogue [among Warren Commissioners]: 
“John McCloy: ‘… the time is almost overdue for us to have a better perspective of the FBI investigation than we now have … We are so dependent on them for our facts … .’ 
“Commission counsel J. Lee Rankin: ‘Part of our difficulty in regard to it is that they have no problem. They have decided that no one else is involved … .’ 
“Senator Richard Russell: ‘They have tried the case and reached a verdict on every aspect.’ 
“Senator Hale Boggs: ‘You have put your finger on it.’ (Closed Warren Commission meeting.)” [Blakey & Billings, Fatal Hour– The Assassination of President . See also: North, Act of Treason ] 
Testifying before the HSCA, the Warren Commission’s chief counsel J. Lee Rankin shamefully admitted , “Who could protest against what Mr. Hoover did back in those days?” Apparently not President Lyndon Johnson’s blue-ribbon commissioners. 
The HSCA’s Blakey also reported that “When asked if he was satisfied with the (Commission’s) investigation that led to the (no conspiracy) conclusion, Judge Burt Griffin (a Commission staff member) said he was not.” [Blakey & Billings, Ibid.] 
And author Gus Russo reported that Judge Griffin also admitted, “We spent virtually no time investigating the possibility of conspiracy. I wish we had.” [Russo, Live by the Sword ] 
Clear Misgivings 
Thus, despite their clear misgivings, the Commissioners bowed to the imperious FBI chief rather than conduct a thorough investigation. Notably, the Commission never once employed a rudimentary investigative tool . “The Commission,” the HSCA reported, “failed to utilize the instruments of immunity from prosecution and prosecution for perjury with respect to witnesses whose veracity it doubted.” [US Cong. House of Reps. Report of Comm. on Assassinations, 1979] Lee Harvey Oswald, the accused assassin of President John F. Kennedy. 
This policy had serious repercussions when the Commission confronted two key issues: published claims that Lee Harvey Oswald had been an FBI informant, and the possibility that Jack Ruby was mobbed up. 
“The Commission did not investigate Hoover or the FBI, and managed to avoid the appearance of doing so,” the HSCA determined . “It ended up doing what the members had agreed they would not do: Rely mainly on the FBI’s denial of the allegations (that Oswald had been a Bureau informant).” 
Hoover merely sent the Commission his signed affidavit declaring that Oswald was not an informant and also “sent over 10 additional affidavits from each FBI agent who had had contact with Oswald.” And with that, case closed. 
Regarding Jack Ruby, the FBI had his phone records, yet failed to spot Ruby’s obvious, and atypical, pattern of calls to known Mafiosi in the weeks leading up to the assassination. After performing the simple, obvious task of actually analyzing those calls, the HSCA determined that, if not a sworn member of La Cosa Nostra, Ruby had ongoing, close links to numerous Mafiosi. 
Thus the HSCA roundly rejected the Warren Commission’s conclusion that, “the evidence does not establish a significant link between Ruby and organized crime.” 
The list of Warren Commission shortcomings that the HSCA assembled is not short. A brief summary of them runs some 47 pages in the Bantam Books version of the report (p. 289–336), which outlines what required much of the 500 pages of HSCA volume XI to cover ( available on-line ). 
“The evidence indicates that facts which may have been relevant to, and would have substantially affected, the Warren Commission’s investigation were not provided by the agencies (FBI and the CIA). Hence, the Warren Commission’s findings may have been formulated without all of the relevant information.” 
The Church Committee said that the problem was that “the Commission was perceived as an adversary by both Hoover and senior FBI officials.” “Such a relationship,” the Committee dryly observed , “was not conductive to the cooperation necessary for a thorough and exhaustive investigation.” 
But the FBI did more than just withhold evidence from the Commission. Although they admit that the FBI destroyed a note Oswald wrote to Agent Hosty, and withheld that information from the Commission, Willens and Mosk don’t mention that Agent Hosty reported that his own personnel file, and other FBI files, had been falsified. [Hosty, Jr. Assignment: Oswald ] 
Nor that author Curt Gentry learned from assistant FBI director William Sullivan that there were other JFK documents at the Bureau that had been destroyed. [Gentry, J. Edgar Hoover– The Man and His Secrets ] 
Perhaps one of the reasons the public has remained mistrustful of the government’s conclusions, and the mainstream media reassurances, is the sort of selective presentation of evidence by ax grinders like Willens and Mosk who get heralded by our “responsible” media. 
Gary Aguilar is one of the few physicians outside the government ever allowed to see the still-restricted JFK autopsy photos and X-rays. He has published and lectured on the topic of the JFK assassination for many years.",0
6300,"Caitlyn Jenner Warns Trump: You ’Mess’ with LGBT Community, ’I’m Coming After You’","Caitlyn Jenner has issued a warning to President Donald Trump and the Republican Party: treat the LGBT community unfairly, and you’ll have to deal with me. [The former Olympic gold    TV star, formerly known as Bruce Jenner, challenged the president in a   interview with Diane Sawyer set to air Friday night.  “Yes, I did vote for Trump, but here’s the deal breaker with the Republican party,” Jenner told Sawyer, according to a preview clip of the interview released Friday. “And the deal breaker is, you mess with my community, you do the wrong thing with our community, you don’t give us equality and a fair shot, I’m coming after you. ” Jenner told Sawyer that what the LGBT community needs from Republican legislators is “federal guidance,” including on transgender service in the military. “Just like the previous administration said that it was ok to serve as a trans person in the military,” Jenner said. “We have frontline people, ok? I’m talking Marines, trans guys, on the frontline, fighting for our country. I’m trying to get, especially the Republican party, to make a change. ” Friday night’s interview with Sawyer comes nearly two years to the day after Jenner first came out as a transgender woman in a 2015 interview with Sawyer. During that interview, Jenner said he had always leaned more conservative in his politics, identified as a Republican, and said he believed in the Constitution. Jenner spoke out in support of Trump during the 2016 presidential campaign, telling Stat magazine in June that the Republican candidate was better on LGBT issues than his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. “Everybody looks at the Democrats as being better with these issues. But Trump seems to be very much for women,” Jenner said at the time. Jenner also attended Trump’s inauguration. But In February, the Keeping Up with the Kardashians and I Am Cait star criticized Trump for lifting federal guidelines concerning transgender bathroom use, calling the decision a “disaster. ” “You made a promise to protect the LGBTQ community. Call me,” Jenner said in a video posted to Twitter. Jenner is set to release a book of memoirs, Secrets of My Life, next month. In an excerpt from the book published earlier this month, the reality star claimed to have undergone successful gender reassignment surgery in January, nearly a year and a half after first coming out as transgender. Jenner’s interview with Sawyer airs Friday night at 10ET on ABC.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
6301,Economic Breadth Is Significantly Deteriorating in the US,"Economic Breadth Is Significantly Deteriorating in the US   
by CHRIS PUPLAVA 
Philly Fed state coincident data came out today and more states across the country are starting to contract (shown in red). Looking at the snapshot below, positively growing states still dominate the map (and don’t give much of an alarming picture), but a different story emerges when we look at the trend. 
Here’s a look at how this data has trended over the past 36 years compared to the S&P 500. As you can see, states showing positive growth tend to rollover prior to economic recessions (red bars) with corresponding declines in the S&P 500. The latest data puts us near the weakest levels during this entire economic cycle and matches prior market tops. 
There was a strong increase in the number of states with negative monthly changes this year. As shown below, this data typically leads US initial unemployment claims and suggests we could see a pickup in jobless claims (layoffs) in the near future. 
M&A deal activity (shown inverted below) tends to exhibit a euphoric peak and mark the end of an economic/bull market cycle. In terms of transaction values, M&A activity peaked earlier this year and also argues for a pickup in layoffs ahead.",0
6302,'D**k-Waving Berlusconi Knockoff': Late-Night Host's Nasty Trump Attack Dismantled by Steven Crowder,"Share on Twitter 
During the third and final presidential debate, Donald Trump gave a fairly graphic description of what happens during a partial-birth abortion. Hillary Clinton was quick to say that — basically — Trump was full of it, and that procedure “isn't what happens at all.” 
But the National Right to Life describes the procedure in vivid detail: 
Partial-Birth Abortion is a procedure in which the abortionist pulls a living baby feet-first out of the womb and into the birth canal (vagina), except for the head, which the abortionist purposely keeps lodged just inside the cervix (the opening to the womb). The abortionist punctures the base of the baby’s skull with a surgical instrument, such as a long surgical scissors or a pointed hollow metal tube called a trochar. He then inserts a catheter (tube) into the wound, and removes the baby's brain with a powerful suction machine. This causes the skull to collapse, after which the abortionist completes the delivery of the now-dead baby. 
And the exact same procedure was detailed in the 1996 ban on partial-birth abortion that was vetoed by Bill Clinton. A similar ban was later passed again by Congress, and was signed into law by President George W. Bush in 2003. 
Following the debate, in defense of Hillary Clinton, late-night host Samantha Bee (“Full Frontal with Samantha Bee”) doubled down on Clinton's position, saying that partial-birth abortion “isn't a thing”: Image Credit: YouTube 
But just a few seconds later, she offers a back-handed admission that partial-birth abortion is a thing after all, it's just a thing that was banned in 2003: Image Credit: YouTube 
Bee went on to cheer Hillary for being the...: 
“...passionate and unapologetic feminist we haven't seen since the 90s. One who stood in a shower of sh*t and managed to do what 16 primary candidates and the GOP establishment couldn't: Namely, beat this d**k-waving, Berlusconi knock-off like a little bitch.” 
Enter radio host Steven Crowder (“Louder with Crowder”)... 
In a video response to Bee's post-debate diatribe, Crowder pointed out that not only does the procedure exist [warning: his descriptions are exceptionally graphic], but that Hillary Clinton did, in fact, vote against banning it in the Senate in 2003: 
Crowder deftly took on Bee's argument with a jab: 
“Oh, this is the part where we condemn white men for having an opinion on murder...” 
A cross: 
“A 'fatal birth defect.' Does that mean a baby who would be dead on arrival, or does it mean any baby that might have a disability and so the parents don't want to go through the trouble of raising that child?” 
And a Chuck Norris-caliber roundhouse kick: 
“Health of the mother? Anything can be filed under 'health.' And they have — including anxiety disorders, slight irritability, or not wanting to go to prom [pregnant].” 
Crowder also went on to examine the typical liberal defense of abortion, systematically dismantling arguments that protect abortion in the name of “freedom” and “women's health.” ",0
6303,Calexit Yes,David Swanson,0
6304,California Today: The Debate Over Indian Mascots and Imagery - The New York Times,"Good morning. Welcome to California Today, a morning update on the stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Tell us about the issues that matter to you  —   and what you’d like to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. Want to receive California Today by email? Sign up. Insults are just part of life in California, according to many Native Americans in the state. Last year, for example, there was the Senate candidate caught on video making a “whooping” gesture in reference to an American Indian, and then there was the pope’s canonization of the Rev. Junípero Serra, viewed by prominent Native Americans as a far from saintly figure. Then there are the mascots. Pressure to eliminate Native   nicknames and mascots from California’s schools has been around since at least the 1960s. Scores of schools have gotten rid of them, and last year the state banned the use of “Redskins” as a team name or mascot. Yet, according to a survey out of the California Indian Culture and Sovereignty Center at Cal State San Marcos, more than 140 of the state’s public   schools were still using such mascots as of 2015, a great many accompanied by imagery of Indians in feathered headdress. They have names like the Durfee School Warriors, the Washington Elementary Little Aztecs, the Ripon High Indians and the Cherrylee School Chiefs. Native American leaders say such mascots perpetuate ethnic stereotyping that goes back centuries. “My big issue is, if you dehumanize us, then you’re never going to make policies for us,” said Joely Proudfit, who leads the Cal State center. “You’re never going to give us a seat at the table. You’re never going to see us as human beings. ” Dr. Proudfit said she hoped the survey, published as a map showing the mascots peppered across California, would draw attention to how widespread the practice remains. School leaders who have refused to budge on the mascot issue talk about deeply felt pride, sporting legacies that date back decades, and support from individual Native Americans who see them as a tribute. Racism, they say, plays no part in it. At Chowchilla High School, outside Merced, one of four schools across the state affected by the Redskins ban, officials said their intentions in using the mascot were misunderstood. “Here, the Chowchilla Redskins emboldens the spirit of strength, honor and respect,” said Marty Piepenbrok, a community relations spokesman. “There is nothing disparaging about it whatsoever. ” At the high school’s graduation ceremony in June, the biggest cheer rose up at the mention of “Redskins,” The Fresno Bee reported. The school has until January to drop the mascot. Even without a broader ban, however, many schools have responded voluntarily to the concerns of Indian tribes by swapping out their Native American mascots. Others have tried to sidestep the issue by dropping just the imagery associated with the names. For Winters High School, home of the Warriors, that has meant a   phasing out of the school symbol depicting an Indian man in headdress. The name will stay, said Todd Cutler, the superintendent of the district outside Sacramento. But when it comes time to replace the gym floor and the sign in front of the school, the Indian imagery that adorns them will become, simply, “W. ” “It’s really a delicate, careful road we are moving down,” Dr. Cutler said. • A battle has broken out in Los Angeles over the fundamental nature of the distinctively   and   city, writes Los Angeles bureau chief Adam Nagourney. [The New York Times] • A    firefighter was killed while heading to a blaze near Vandenberg Air Force Base. [Ventura County Star] • An illegal shelter in Lunada Bay built by the   Bay Boys, a group of surfers, will be demolished. [Los Angeles Times] • A stretch of winding highway in Orange County has killed six motorcyclists in seven weeks. [Orange County Register] • Victor Scheinman, a pioneer in robotics, died in Petrolia. He was 73. [The New York Times] • An oil spill was discovered in San Pablo Bay after a mystery odor sent dozens of people to the hospital. [East Bay Times] • The release of police footage in the fatal shooting of a homeless man set off protests in North Sacramento. [Sacramento Bee] • California farmer: “We have to raise the price of goods and people have to be O. K. with it. ” [The Guardian] • Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan pledged $3 billion to fighting disease. The effort will involve a “biohub” in San Francisco. [The New York Times] • Google will be opening a technology lab in Oakland to mentor black and Latino computer scientists. [USA Today] • Apple is said to have discussed a partnership with McLaren, the racecar builder. [The New York Times] • Check out this aerial view of the recent Dragon Boat festival in Oakland. [  High Oakland] Capital punishment has long been one of the most contentious issues in California. In November, voters will decide between two competing ballot measures: Proposition 62, which would end the death penalty, and Proposition 66, which would speed up the executions. Jennifer Medina, a national correspondent for The New York Times in Los Angeles, takes a close look at both propositions. A group devoted to creating play areas has awarded $1 million to spur 50 new projects that create opportunities for urban children to play at places like bus stops, barber shops and Laundromats. The winning projects were announced this week by KaBoom, a   nonprofit group that has built 2, 700 playgrounds across the country since it was founded in 1996. Four of the winners hail from California. McFarland, north of Bakersfield, proposed adding a play space to a bus stop. In Kerman, outside Fresno, city officials said they would enliven sidewalks and crosswalks with interactive designs like hot lava and hopscotch squares. Richmond proposed a “play street” in a   neighborhood. And Family Friendly Oakland said it would make the city’s drab, cement trash cans into canvases for colorful murals. “By adding art and whimsy we’ll provide surprising moments of wonder where children and adults least expect,” wrote Tiffany Eng, the group’s founder. You can see more of the winning designs.  —   Gail Cornwall and Mike McPhate California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a   Californian  —   born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano. He lives in Davis. Follow him on Twitter. California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley.",0
6305,Watch: Cowboys’ Zeke Elliott Exposes Woman’s Breast During St. Patrick’s Day Parade - Breitbart,"On Saturday, Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekial Elliott was caught on camera at a Dallas St. Patrick’s Day parade exposing a woman’s breast.  The woman was interacting with paradegoers and pointing at her chest when the running back reached over and pulled her shirt down. TMZ Sports reported that, according to Elliott’s representative, the woman is not upset with Elliott over the incident, and hung out with him and a group of friends shortly after the incident. The incident is not a good look for Elliott because he is currently under investigation for domestic violence allegations made against him last year. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo",0
6306,’Footy McFooty Face’ Was a Prank Pushed by Los Angeles FC Fans - Breitbart,"On March 27, Breitbart News reported that “Footy McFoot Face” was leading all other possible names for San Diego’s Major League Soccer team by a wide margin. [On April 1, KGTV reported the name’s surging popularity was the result of Los Angeles FC fans who had trolled the poll to decide what to name the new team.  KGTV previously reported that other possible names for the team included “San Diego Bad Hombres,” “San Diego Surf,” “Mission San Diego FC,” “San Diego Football Club (SDFC),” and “San Diego Armada. ” Votes for the various names were being cast and tallied on SoccerCity SD’s Facebook page. On April 1 —  after voting had ended —  SoccerCity SD posted a video announcing “Footy McFooty Face” as the winner, only to follow the announcement by admitting it was an April Fool’s joke.  SoccerCity SD’s Landon Donovan said, “Alright guys, calm down, ‘Footy McFooty Face’ is not going to be our team name. ” FS investors’ Nick Stone explained that LA soccer fans found the San Diego poll “and voted thousands of thousands of times for Footy. ” Donovan said, “We appreciate your voting, even if you’re trolling us. Fortunately for us and San Diego, our fans here are much classier than that, so Footy will unfortunately not be the team name. ” The actual name for the team has not been decided. SoccerCity SD social media coordinator Andy Altman said the top 10   names will be submitted to MLS for approval and “Footy” will be included because it leads the pack. The Washington Post announced the mournful news: “RIP Footy McFooty Face: San Diego soccer team will be called something less awesome. ” AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.  ",0
6307,Comment on Jeff Rovin: Clintons paid me to ‘fix’ their sex scandals by Christian Zionist,"It’s all old news to those of us who, unlike Democrat LIVs (low information voters), pay attention to the Alternative Media. But it’s still significant because the information made it to Fox News’ Hannity Show . 
His name is Jeff Rovin . 
After decades as one of Bill and Hillary Clintons’ many retainers, Rovin is outing himself as the Clintons’“ fixer ”— defined by Oxford Dictionaries as “ A person who makes arrangements for other people, especially of an illicit or devious kind. ” In Rovin’s case, he claims to have been employed by the Clintons to suppress and remove from the media any scandalous news of their sexual affairs. Note: For a few of the Clintons’ other retainers, see “ Hillary Clinton’s medical handler, cleaner, & prompter were all at the last presidential debate ”. 
Rovin says he was paid $4,000 a month to keep the Clintons’ open marriage and their respective adulteries from the news. In Hillary’s case, she had “affairs” with Vincent Foster and with a female Hollywood honcho. Note: On July 20, 1993, Foster — who was Bill Clinton’s deputy White House counsel at the time — was found dead on a park bench in D.C.’s Ft. Marcy Park, supposedly from a self-inflicted gun shot. See “ FBI files linking Hillary Clinton to Vince Foster suicide vanished from National Archives “. Note: According to the Clintons’ former assassin Larry Nichols, when she was First Lady, Hillary regularly went to California on weekends to be with Hollywood producer Linda Bloodworth-Thomason and other women to “worship” Satan at “a church”. See “ Clinton friend and assassin Larry Nichols: Hillary is a satanist ”. Linda Bloodworth-Thomason , 69, is a television producer who, with her husband Harry Thomason, is best known for creating, writing, and producing the TV series, Designing Women . The couple are notable for their friendship with Bill and Hillary Clinton, which dates back to Bill’s days as governor of Arkansas. The Thomasons created several short-subject political propaganda films for Bill, the most famous of which was The Man from Hope that introduced Bill at the 1992 Democratic Convention. The Thomasons did similar propaganda films for Hillary’s run for the U.S. Senate and for other candidates, such as General Wesley Clark’s presidential bid. Clark has endorsed Hillary for president. (See “ Obama-supporter Gen. Wesley Clarke: Disloyal Americans should be put in concentration camps ”) 
Here’s Rovin on Hannity , on Oct. 24, 2016: 
The National Enquirer first broke Jeff Rovin’s story. Here’s what Rovin told the Enquirer : 
During the 1980s and 1990s, I was working in Hollywood as a reporter for several national magazines and newspapers. Because of my good relationship with stars, publicists and the press I became “a fixer”: someone who helps stars keep embarrassing stories out of the press. I helped keep secrets safe for some of Hollywood’s leading men. 
In 1991, my reputation was such that I was asked to work on behalf of a fast-rising figure on the national stage: Arkansas Gov. William Jefferson Clinton. I attended a meeting in Hollywood where I was told by an intermediary: “There will be a lot of stories coming out in the tabloid press. We want them buried.” 
I was informed that these stories would involve rumors of Bill Clinton‘s many sexual dalliances and an alleged ongoing affair of Hillary Clinton with a male member of her law firm, Vince Foster, as well as a female mover-and-shaker in Hollywood. 
For a retainer of $4,000 a month — paid by a third party, not the campaign — I was told to keep these stories hush-hush in one of two ways: by trading access to the Clintons for “positive” interviews, or by paying the reporters. 
The payments were always cash, usually delivered in a movie theater or restaurant on Sunset Boulevard, and came in two denominations: $100 for a heads-up that a bad story was coming; or considerably more to kill the piece. 
It did not appear that the job would be terribly time-consuming: After all, Hillary reportedly had just one lover, and Bill’s girlfriends were all in the past. 
Not so. The sexual dalliances were ongoing — and so my communications with the West Wing, Air Force One and Camp David continued through 1998 — a stunning length of time when one considers that both the president and the first lady were supposed to be devoting their full energies to the business of the people of the United States! 
The gravest example of a Clintonian lack of judgment occurred in March 1994. Presidential brother Roger Clinton was marrying his eight-months-pregnant bride Molly. There was a bachelor party. Prostitutes were involved. Recordings were made. Recordings involving Bill Clinton. 
Arrangements for a meeting between Bill and a 26-year-old brunette were discussed when the president was to arrive in Dallas for the ceremony. 
The tape recording was offered, for sale, to The National Enquirer . Before the publication and its then-editor could publish a transcript, I swooped in and negotiated for the White House to give this paper exclusive access to the ceremony itself. Not even The Washington Post or The New York Times had that. The Enquirer was given leave to publish exclusive White House photographs. 
At the reception, while Bill Clinton sang with the piano player, Hillary was introduced to The Enquirer reporter. Her expression fierce, voice tight, she took and tightly held the reporter’s hand and demanded, “Are we done now?” The reporter replied, “Madam First Lady, with this incident, yes.” 
Of course, we were not done. This was one of many in an endless string of sexual stories arising from what effectively was the Clintons’ open, polyamorous marriage. 
I have kept these secrets for a quarter-century because Bill Clinton had become an elder statesman with heart trouble and Hillary Clinton seemed to be focused, at last, on the business of doing her job — for better or for worse. 
I am coming forward now because of the endless attention the alleged indiscretions of Donald Trump have received. Nothing I have heard comes close to the sexual and moral corruption of the Clintons — many of which have yet to be revealed. 
Predictably, the liberal media is focusing on one man’s alleged misdeeds and ignoring another’s proven sins. 
I mention some of these here and now because we have only two serious candidates for the presidency. In the few weeks remaining until the election, we should not be weighing whose corruption is worse (the Clintons win by a landslide, if all were to be told), but who has the best ideas and leadership skills to become president of the United States. Hillary Clinton is transfixed by Christina Aguilera’s boobs, confirmed by the singer on the Ellen Degeneres Show in May 2016. 
See also:",0
6308,Here Are The Heartbreaking Reasons #WhyWomenDontReport Sexual Assault,"As the allegations of sexual assault against Donald Trump rack up, the question of how often women face this horrible tragedy is being raised to a national level. One of the biggest questions these... ",0
6309,Somali Home Invasions!,"Migrant Crisis Disclaimer 
We here at the Daily Stormer are opposed to violence. We seek revolution through the education of the masses. When the information is available to the people, systemic change will be inevitable and unavoidable. 
Anyone suggesting or promoting violence in the comments section will be immediately banned, permanently. Daily Stormer Presents: Dr. David Duke ÂŠ Copyright Daily Stormer 2016, All Rights Reserved",0
6310,Re: How is that Cancer Moonshot Progressing?,"Email 
Recognizing, as I’m sure we all do, that every speech Barack Obama has ever given is a work of oratory genius and each monologue is more memorable than the last, I ask that you think back to his final State of the Union speech. 
Amongst the ramblings from one statist government giveaway to the next was a segment on what the President classified as the White House Cancer Moonshot. Obama stated on January 12, 2016 that, “last year Vice President Biden said that with a new moonshot, America can cure cancer.” 
I’m not making light of this statement, and certainly not of Biden, for he lost his son Beau Biden to brain cancer in May of 2015. 
Obama continued by saying that, “last month he [Biden] worked with Congress to give scientists at the National Institutes of Health, the strongest resources they’ve had in over a decade.” He received a standing ovation from virtually ever member in the chamber. 
This is my problem. Not that Biden lost his son to cancer and wishes for no one else to suffer the way his son and family did. I get that. It’s the way almost everyone in government proposes to solve the problem. It’s always the same. The federal government ponies up billions of dollars of our money to fund quasi-government science projects, which rarely if ever accomplish anything. 
However laudable this particular goal may be, it is not in the federal government’s job description to be funding medical research. And to me, knowing the feds as I do – this seems to me to be another case of not letting a good crisis go to waste. 
Some may say this is a jaded opinion and that Obama and Biden are trying to help cure cancer. How could I possibly be against that? I’m not, of course – but I am jaded, and for good reason. I would love to see a cure for all cancers, but government involvement in everything invariably creates more problems than it ever solves. Not to mention that it is just another unconstitutional function. 
Obama then stated that because Biden has ""gone to the mat for all of us on so many issues over the past forty years, I’m puttin’ Joe in charge of mission control.” Really. Name three things ole-Joe has “gone to mat” for us on. Okay – how about two. 
So uncle Joe Biden, with his forty years in politics, and zero years in science or medicine, is heading the White House Cancer Moonshot Task Force. Other members of the “Task Force” are from the Department of Defense, Department of Commerce, Health and Human Services, Energy, Veteran Affairs, the OMB, National Economic Council, Domestic Policy Council. Others include the National Cancer Institute, Institutes of Health, and the National Science Foundation. 
Okay – I get the science institutes – but why the Departments of Commerce, Energy, and others? What do they have to do with curing cancer? Answer – nothing – of course, but government task forces need lots of important people. They won’t contribute anything useful, but it looks impressive. 
So, almost a year into the five year Task Force plan – how are things going? Have they made any progress – any breakthroughs? Nope. Joe is out making more speeches, as he did in June, exclaiming that “there is clear sense of – let’s get it done now. We can do it now.” That’s a great sentiment, but having endless meetings and simply exclaiming the urgency will do absolutely nothing. 
And then ole-Joe said something telling in his speech – something Joe does quite often. He said to the scientists in the audience: “We call for help and you all answer. You didn’t need us to call. You were already doin it.” 
So, if this is the case – and it is – why do we need this behemoth, billion dollar government taskforce? Why then do we need this collaboration between actual cancer research and government hacks like Biden and other bureaucrats? The answer is that this is what statists do. No matter what the cause, government always must inject itself and eventually take it over. 
That was June – six months in. A week ago, closing in on a year after the Moonshot announcement, Obama and Biden held a sit down to report on their progress. Obama stated that Joe has traveled the country and had multiple meetings “in order to really figure out how we get this thing to achieve serious liftoff.” Yes – almost a year in and they are still trying to figure how to begin the Moonshot. 
Obama then stated that, although they would be leaving office soon, what they leave behind is the framework for organizing these efforts. And that in a nutshell, is what the statist government progressive’s goal always is – to build the framework for continual governmental meddling. Later on, they can get down to picking winners and losers, thus hindering real cancer research for those who would rather not play ball and tow the government line, just as it has done with climate science, energy, and many other disciplines. 
Want to never cure another cancer? The best way to achieve this is to announce that we are from the government and are here to help, support and organize you. Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .",0
6311,Hillary’s health: Candidate stumbles again boarding campaign plane,"Hillary Clinton appeared to stumble or nearly miss a step as she boarded her campaign plane on Thursday. 
Clinton was flying to a rally in Winston Salem, North Carolina when she boarded in rainy weather. 
From the time she departed her motorcade van, which was positioned right at the bottom of the stairs, all the way to the top of the steps, she appeared to be wobbly and unsteady, and laboring during the trek. 
Maybe it was because she had the extra — arduous — task of carrying an umbrella? 
Live Satellite News, which posted the video, noted she was “mumbling to herself.” 
Yesterday, she required assistance going up one step onto a riser to greet supporters in Lake Worth, Florida. 
She needed assistance to get onto it as she could be seen reaching her hand out for a boost or some added steadiness.",0
6313,"Public Schools? To Kansas Conservatives, They’re ‘Government Schools’ - The New York Times","LEAWOOD, Kansas  —   Erica Massman, a moderate Kansas Republican, refers to the building where her daughter attends fourth grade as a public school. Ms. Massman’s mother, whose politics tilt further to the right, calls it something else: a government school. “My mother, who is a Tea Party person, started saying ‘government schools’ all the time,” said Ms. Massman, recalling when she first heard the phrase around 2010. “I remember thinking, ‘Wow. ’” Kansas has for years been the stage for a messy school funding fight that has shaken the Legislature and reached the State Supreme Court. Gov. Sam Brownback, a Republican, and his political allies threatened to defy the court on education spending and slashed income taxes in their effort to make the state a model of conservatism. Somewhere along the way, the term “government schools” entered the lexicon in place of references to the public school system. “Our local grade school is now the government school,” State Senator Forrest Knox wrote in an   article last year, echoing conservative concerns that the government had inserted itself unnecessarily into education. The intent was obvious to her, Ms. Massman said. “They are trying to rebrand public education,” she said. The use of the term has set off alarms even among some Republicans, who fear that it signals still less support, financially and otherwise, for the public schools in a state that had long felt pride over the quality of its education system. The recent adoption of a school finance plan that was acceptable to Mr. Brownback, the Legislature and the Kansas Supreme Court has not entirely assuaged those concerns. Davis Merritt, a columnist for The Wichita Eagle, said in a column in May that state legislators’ “deaf and blind” ideology was threatening public schools. “Some have begun to call public schools ‘government schools,’ a calculated pejorative scorning both education and anything related to government,” he wrote. That elicited a response from Bob Weeks, the host of “WichitaLiberty. TV,” a show about Kansas politics and public affairs. “It is surprising to me that liberals and progressives object to the term ‘government schools,’” he said on the show. “They like government, don’t they? These people want more taxation and government spending, don’t they? Well, when we think about our public schools, we find they have all the characteristics of government programs. ” Dave Trabert, the president of the Kansas Policy Institute, which advocates limited government, said in an interview: “It’s certainly something that some people use to kind of separate between what’s government and what’s not. Technically, it’s accurate. ” It would not be the first time that conservatives have used semantics to sway public opinion, experts said. George Lakoff, a linguistics professor at the University of California, Berkeley, has been tracking the trend for decades. He pointed out that the right has been more successful than the left at framing issues related to abortion, health care, labor unions and the concept of government itself, among other issues, with carefully contrived catchphrases: “Tax relief. ” “ . ” “The Democrat Party. ” “Death panels. ” (“Obamacare” was originally an attempt by the right to saddle President Obama with the repercussions of the Affordable Care Act, until he embraced the term himself.) Besides coining phrases, Dr. Lakoff said, the right has   certain words  —   a practice that was demonstrated, he said, in President George W. Bush’s second inaugural address, which used “freedom,” “free” or “liberty” 49 times in 20 minutes. “The right has taken over the words ‘freedom’ and ‘liberty,’” Dr. Lakoff said. Deborah Tannen, a professor of linguistics at Georgetown University, recalled the 1986 speech in which President Ronald Reagan framed perceptions of “government,” to great effect. “The nine most terrifying words in the English language are, ‘I’m from the government, and I’m here to help,’” he said. “People tend to trace the demonization of government to Reagan,” Dr. Tannen said. “That’s kind of iconic, how he was using it. He set the government up as the enemy. ” Conservatives in Kansas have extended the semantical positioning of “government” to education, conveying the message that public schools are a form of government imposition, Dr. Lakoff said. The phrase “government schools,” a common reference overseas to national school systems, has been around for decades as a way to differentiate them from privately financed schools. It has also been a label for schools on Native American reservations, and long used to influence debate. Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York used the phrase in 1978 to make the case for federal aid to private schools. “We have succeeded in providing equality only to those who enroll in government schools,” he said in a speech in New York. “We have failed the parents who prefer to send their children to the schools that are descended from the older, private school systems. ” The Libertarian Party borrowed that for its party platform in 1980. “Government schools lead to the indoctrination of children and interfere with the free choice of individuals,” the platform said. But only recently  —   and mostly in reliably conservative Kansas  —   has the term been used regularly and clearly as a political wedge. Education advocates in Kansas said they had heard it in conversations with state legislators (though few use it in public statements) in discussions about public schools on Facebook and on some conservative news sites. The use of the term “government schools” is part of a broad education agenda that includes restraining costs. The   and libertarian wings of the Republican Party are pushing the state to loosen its laws to allow more charter schools. They oppose programs that offer free or   breakfasts and lunches, believing that schools have become part of the “nanny state”  —   another politically charged term  —   and are usurping the role of parents. Last year, Mr. Knox lamented in his   article, published in a southern Kansas newspaper, that the government had become too intrusive in education. “Our children have become government children,” he wrote. John Locke, a professor of linguistics at the City University of New York, said that in some contexts the use of the word government had a positive connotation: government bonds and   programs, for example. “But among those archconservatives who, by nature or disposition, want less government, it can have a negative effect,” he said. He suggested, somewhat tongue in cheek, that swapping “government” for “public” could become a trend, with references to “government libraries,” “government parks”  —   even “government universities. ” “It’s austere,” Dr. Locke said. “It has an oppressive ring to it. It sounds rigid, the opposite of open or friendly or charming or congenial. The people who use that term are hoping those words will come to mind. ”",0
6314,"Your Evening Briefing: Bernie Sanders, Donald Trump, Zika - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Kentucky’s Democratic primary is underway, and both parties are voting in Oregon. Bernie Sanders is under pressure from Democratic leaders after his supporters caused an uproar at the Nevada Democratic Party’s convention over the weekend, above, and unleashed a torrent of threats at the state party chairwoman. Mr. Sanders condemned violence but defended his supporters, accusing the state’s “Democratic leadership” of misusing its power. _____ 2. The Fox anchor Megyn Kelly launched her first   special on Fox with a special guest: Donald Trump. It was a convivial, easygoing interview that was taped more than two weeks ago. _____ 3. The National Transportation Safety Board announced its findings in last year’s Amtrak crash in Philadelphia, which killed eight. The engineer, distracted by reports of damage to another train, sped into a dangerous curve, thinking he was on a straightaway, with a speed limit of 110 m. p. h. The board’s chairman called for the installation of a system that automatically slows speeding trains, “because humans make mistakes. ” _____ 4. The Justice Department is investigating allegations of   doping involving many top Russian top athletes, following a buildup of accusations. One former Russian official, above, has described a broad and intricately managed doping scheme that he said culminated at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, which Russia dominated. _____ 5. The Senate unanimously passed a bill that would allow the families of those killed on Sept. 11, 2001, to sue Saudi Arabia over suspicions that its officials played a supporting role in the attacks. If the bill passes the House, President Obama has promised a veto, but some in Congress believe they could pull off a rare override. _____ 6. “It is sad and embarrassing for the Australian government. ” That’s a NASA scientist adding his voice to the international uproar over the layoff of one the world’s most authoritative experts on sea levels. John Church is one of 275 experts who are losing their jobs as Australia reorients its national science agency toward more commercial enterprises. _____ 7. The U. S. military has said that its lethal airstrikes on a hospital in the Afghan city of Kunduz last year were a mistake. But a Times special report finds that Afghan forces’ distrust of the hospital’s operator, Doctors Without Borders, might have played a central role. Some in the Afghan military see the group’s focus on treating the injured as helping and sometimes hiding the enemy. _____ 8. The Senate passed a measure calling for $1. 1 billion in emergency funds  to combat a feared U. S. outbreak of the Zika virus. That sets up a confrontation with House Republicans, who have agreed on just $622 million reallocated from other programs. Neither measure is anywhere near President Obama’s request of $1. 9 billion. _____ 9. A comprehensive analysis by an influential national scientific group concluded that genetic engineering does not make crops unsafe to grow or eat. But the findings had caveats, and the report is unlikely to end the debate over what are known widely as G. M. O. s, for genetically modified organisms. _____ 10. Finally, TV networks are going retro. The upfronts  —   presentations to advertisers on coming offerings  —   include new versions of old hits like “Twin Peaks,” “MacGyver,” “Tales From the Crypt” and “Gilmore Girls. ” As a TV executive put it, “Where you have a title that people recognize, value and appreciate, that’s something we want to take advantage of. ” _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
6315,Former Vanderbilt Football Player Found Guilty in Campus Rape - The New York Times,"A Tennessee jury convicted a former Vanderbilt University football player of rape charges on Saturday after weighing evidence that he invited three teammates to sexually assault an unconscious woman in his dorm room. Over five days of testimony in a Nashville courtroom, prosecutors portrayed Brandon Vandenburg, 23, as encouraging the 2013 attack, passing out condoms and recording video that he sent to friends. Reporters in the courtroom said Mr. Vandenburg shook his head as the jury foreman read the verdict: guilty on all counts, five of aggravated rape, two of aggravated sexual battery and one of unlawful photography. In a front row, his mother sobbed. “It’s impossible to not to be emotional about this case,” Jan Norman, an assistant district attorney, said after the verdict. “The facts of it are horrific. ” Prosecutors say three other men were present in Mr. Vandenburg’s room during the attack in June 2013. One, Cory Batey, was convicted along with Mr. Vandenburg last year during a joint trial. Those verdicts were thrown out after it was revealed that one of the jurors had not disclosed during the trial that he had once been a victim of statutory rape. During a retrial in April, Mr. Batey was again found guilty of aggravated rape and other charges. The two other men, Jaborian McKenzie and Brandon Banks, have pleaded not guilty and are awaiting trial. The trial, conducted against the backdrop of a national discussion about sexual assaults on college campuses and the conduct of   gained intense public scrutiny because of the accusations against the defendants, who were Division I athletes at Vanderbilt, a private university. It also drew comparisons to another recent trial. In that case, Brock Turner, a former swimmer at Stanford, was sentenced to six months in jail after being convicted of sexually assaulting an unconscious woman in 2015. The punishment, which many critics denounced as lenient, set off protests that echoed across the country and, on Wednesday, in Congress, where members of the House took turns reading a letter written by the victim. Mr. Vandenburg and Mr. Batey are both facing minimum sentences of 15 years. The law also provided a mandatory minimum in Mr. Turner’s case  —   two years  —   but the judge had discretion to deviate from it. The victim in Nashville, at the time a    neuroscience major, testified that she had been drinking with Mr. Vandenburg at a bar. The next thing she recalled, she said, was waking up alone in his bed, in pain. Questioned by the police four days later, Mr. Vandenburg acknowledged that he had watched the attack. “She got sexually assaulted right in front of me. And I didn’t do anything,” he said during the interrogation, according to The Tennessean. “I should’ve called someone. ” Mr. Vandenburg’s defense argued that he was intoxicated and could not be held responsible for his teammates’ actions. While the state did not accuse Mr. Vandenburg of touching the woman, it argued that he coaxed others to do so. In that regard, said Tom Thurman, the deputy district attorney general, the videos taken by Mr. Vandenburg, some of which were recovered by investigators and shown during the trial, established his culpability beyond any doubt. Randall Reagan, a lawyer for Mr. Vandenburg, said he would appeal.",0
6316,ITT Educational Services Closes Campuses - The New York Times,"Just days before the start of a new school term, ITT Educational Services, one of the nation’s largest   educational companies, closed nearly all its campuses on Tuesday. The company cited the Education Department’s recent decision to bar the chain of colleges from using federal financial aid to enroll new students as the reason for the sudden shutdown. Except for a small school that operates under a different name, the move puts an end to an operation that has been accused of widespread fraud and abuse, leaving roughly 35, 000 students and 8, 000 employees in the lurch. ITT Educational Services, whose recruitment, lending practices and educational quality have been under scrutiny by federal regulators and state prosecutors for years, said in a news release that it had “exhausted the exploration of alternatives, including transfer of the schools to a nonprofit or public institution. ” It denounced the Education Department’s decision to restrict the use of federal funds, calling it “inappropriate and unconstitutional” and “taken without proving a single allegation. ” Nicole Elam, an ITT spokeswoman, declined to make any further comment. Ted Mitchell, the under secretary for the Education Department, denied assertions that ITT was being targeted for political reasons, saying that the issues surrounding its educational programs and financial stability gave the federal government little choice. “The risk presented by ITT to both students and taxpayers made it irresponsible for us to allow them to enroll new students and not have additional oversight,” Mr. Mitchell said. He also noted ITT’s independent accreditor had concluded that the schools were unlikely to be able to comply with the accreditor’s standards. Current ITT students and those who withdrew in the last 120 days essentially have two options, neither of them particularly appealing, Mr. Mitchell said. Students can try to transfer their credits to another school in a bid to finish their education. Few quality schools may be willing to accept those credits, but Mr. Mitchell said education officials were encouraging community colleges to reach out to former ITT students and to be flexible in transferring credits. Students who are successful in continuing their studies would still be obligated to pay off their student loans. The other alternative would be for students to apply for a loan discharge. That would essentially wipe out their federal student debt, but also deny the students any of their educational credits. If everyone at ITT who was eligible took that route, the cost could run as high as $500 million, Mr. Mitchell said, though about $90 million of the final bill to taxpayers is expected to be defrayed by a surety bond ITT had to post with the government. Any borrowers who believe they have been defrauded can also apply under a separate loan forgiveness program. Chris Blank, a former Marine who used the G. I. Bill to complete three years of a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering at ITT’s Vista campus in California, said he did not know what he was going to do. “I’m still trying to take it all in,” said Mr. Blank, who attended school at night while working full time as an engineering aide at an aeronautical company. “I can’t get promoted until I get my bachelor’s degree. ” He worried not only about the lost time and possibly useless credits, but also the potential exhaustion of his veteran’s educational benefits. “This is something I worked so hard on, and it’s basically all gone,” Mr. Blank said. The department has set up a website, studentaid.  and a telephone number,     (  ) for ITT students to obtain more information. After Corinthian Colleges, a giant   educational company accused of widespread fraud, was suspended from the federal student aid program in 2014, education officials helped broker the sale of dozens of its campuses and online programs to the Zenith Education Group, a nonprofit. Corinthian later filed for bankruptcy. Since then, Zenith has lost money, students and staff members. Mr. Mitchell said that the circumstances surrounding ITT were different. Despite informal conversations with company officials and potential buyers, he said, the Education Department “never saw a path forward. ” The actions against Corinthian and ITT are part of a wider push by education officials to hold the   education industry more accountable after growing complaints about unwieldy student debt, deceptive advertising and feeble graduation and job placement rates. The Obama administration has adopted a series of regulations aimed at protecting students as well as taxpayers, who will end up being stuck with the bill for unpaid student loans. The crackdown has elicited protests from the industry and its supporters, who say the government has overreached. Last week, the owner of a chain of colleges, the Center for Excellence in Higher Education, filed a lawsuit in federal court, accusing the Education Department of pursuing a political agenda and trying to put the chain of formerly   colleges out of business. Student and consumer advocates said they were encouraged by the end of ITT Technical Institutes. (Daniel Webster College in New Hampshire, also owned by the ITT parent company, is still open and enrolling students, according to a receptionist who answered the phone there. The college’s president did not respond to repeated messages.) At the same time, critics of the industry expressed concern that some unscrupulous   colleges would be working hard to persuade former ITT students to enroll, enlarging their student debt and offering poor training. “There’s nothing to celebrate,” Barmak Nassirian, director of federal relations and policy analysis at the American Association of State Colleges and Universities, said of the closings. “It’s a good thing in the sense that it was a real terrible performer and it won’t be around to victimize others,” Mr. Nassirian said. But he noted that many faculty members and employees were going to lose their jobs and many former students were stuck with unmanageable debts. “It would have been better to have better oversight and decent gatekeeping,” he said, “so that we don’t reach the point where you have to wish for an operation to go under. ”",0
6317,Trump Needs Two Of These Three States To Win And He Has A Commanding Lead: “Polls Show Your Neighbor Is Voting For Trump”,"
According to Reuters , Hillary Clinton has a 90% chance of winning the election unless Donald Trump can win two of the key swing states of Michigan, Florida or Pennsylvania. This, of course, explains why Clinton held a star studded concert in Philadelphia last night in an attempt to attract audience members who would have otherwise stayed home had Bruce Springsteen not been the real headliner.
Trump, on the other hand, continued to fill venues to capacity across the country with miles-long lines and standing room only.
And though many national and electoral polls have Hillary ahead, the odd mainstream polling data showing a Clinton win despite a massive response from Trump supporters appears to be easily explained by what senior strategist Robert Cahaly of the Trafalgar Group calls the “neighbor ballot test.”
It’s a sign Trump’s share of the vote is being underestimated, Robert Cahaly, senior strategist for the Trafalgar Group of Atlanta that conducted the unorthodox survey, told LifeZette.
…
Cahaly says the “neighbors” numbers back up the “shy Tory” theory — that respondents are shy about saying they will vote for a candidate or cause that has been tagged as racist or distasteful by the media and popular culture. The most recent case was the British exit from the European Union, or “Brexit,” as it is called.
Source: LifeZette 
According to that ‘neighbor’ ballot test, Trump is destroying Clinton.
Provided that the vote counting in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Florida is legitimate and not plagued with illegal or dead voters , it appears that Trump is set to take not just two of these states, but all three of them:
Pennsylvania 
Clinton: 46.51%
Trump: 48.43% 
Johnson: 2.30%
Stein: 1.08%
Other/Undecided: 1.69%
(1300+ Respondents, MOE +/- 2.68)
Florida 
Clinton: 46.13%
Trump: 49.72% 
Johnson: 2.43%
Stein: 0.62%
Other/Undecided: 1.09%
(1100+ Respondents, MOE +/- 2.89)
Michigan 
Clinton: 46.82%
Trump: 48.52% 
Johnson: 2.89%
Stein: 0.90%
Other/Undecided: 0.87%
(1200+ Respondents, MOE +/- 2.77)
Commenting on the survey, TFG Senior Strategist Robert Cahaly said, “Though the results vary from state to state, these four surveys have one thing in common: question 2 points to where we think ‘hidden Trump voters’ are.”
Cahaly continued, “We have believed for weeks that the actual Clinton/Trump final numbers will fall between the ballot test and the neighbors ballot test.”
Cahaly concluded, “We expect Trump to have an overwhelming victory in Georgia, an outside the margin of error win in Florida, as well as close wins in Pennsylvania and Michigan.”
Source: Trafalgar Group Press Release, Nov 7 
In short, one of the reasons that this years polls have been widely skewed from one candidate to the other is that there are a lot of voters out there who have not honestly answered the question of who they will vote for if they are a Trump supporter. This is due in part to the fact that a large swath of Hillary Supporters, and even Clinton herself, have referred to Trump leaning voters as racists, bigots and misogynists. 
Those “shy” voters will have no such problems inside a private voting booth, which suggests, based on Trafalgar’s survey results, that they will overwhelmingly lean towards Trump in key swing states.
If the vote counting is on the up-and-up, these surveys show a hands-down Trump win.
Watch: The 5 States Hillary Must Steal To Win The Election 

Related: “Trump Will Be ALLOWED To Win,” Only to Be Blamed For The Coming Financial Crash ",0
6318,“I’ve Always Been An Admirer Of Donald Trump” – Taoiseach,"We Use Cookies: Our policy [X] “I’ve Always Been An Admirer Of Donald Trump”– Taoiseach November 9, 2016 - BREAKING NEWS , POLITICS Share 0 Add Comment 
TAOISEACH Enda Kenny has congratulated US president-elect Donald Trump, after he beat Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton in a dramatic election count result this morning. 
Mr. Kenny said the people of the United States have made a very clear choice and that he always knew Trump would win the presidency, stating he looks forward to meeting him soon. 
“I’ve always been an admirer of Donald Trump,” Mr. Kenny opened up, scratching his nose, “Such a lovely man and a deserving president. I was rooting for him from the very beginning of this campaign, and I hope to meet him and his beautiful first lady very soon”. 
However, sources in Leinster House confirmed that an emergency Government meeting was called early this morning in a bid to decide who goes to the US for St. Patrick’s Day 2017. 
“The Taoiseach requested a box of straws and a scissors,” one insider said, “I think Leo Varadkar picked the short straw and may have to meet Mr. Trump with a bowl of Shamrock in the White House next year”. 
Asked about his comments about Mr. Trump being ‘racist and sexist’ earlier this year, the Taoiseach claimed he was only messing at the time and that he was only poking fun at the future president of the United States. 
“Donald will know I was only blaggarding with him,” Kenny stated, “we’re always messing and joking like that in politics. I look forward to playing a round of golf with him in Clare,” adding, “I’m more concerned about making the Irish recovery great again”.",0
6319,5K Charity Walk To Stamp Out Hunger In L.A. Totally Works!,"Thursday, 27 October 2016 She's not hungry! No one in L.A. is hungry anymore! Yeah! 
Los Angeles, CA - A 5K charity walk to end hunger in Los Angeles has done the job. 100% problem solved! There are now no more hungry people anywhere in the entire city of L.A.! Go look for yourself. Head Walk Organizer, Debbie Zimmerfeet, explained how it all happened in front of a small crowd of revved-up walkers. ""It finally worked! It's amazing! You could really feel all of our hard walking start to eliminate hunger right around the 2 kilometer marker. People all over the streets of L.A. weren't hungry anymore. And by the time we finished about twenty minutes later, we had completely taken care of hunger in the 2nd biggest city in America! High five! "" 
Indeed, by some miracle, the 65 participants in the walk, not to mention the $233.84 they raised, seems to have miraculously done the trick. We looked all over the place, and we couldn't find any hungry people at all--except for the people in line at fast food restaurants. But that doesn't really count, does it? 
Following in Ms. Zimmerfeet's giant footprints, The city of Los Angeles is avidly planning many more charity walks like this, to eradicate homelessness and end gang violence, and to put a stop to people throwing refrigerators into the L.A. River. Make Paul Blake's  ",0
6320,"Trump accuses Obama, Hillary Clinton of founding Daesh","Email US President Barack Obama and former secretary of state Hillary Clinton “founded” the Daesh (ISIL) terrorist group in the Middle East region, according to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. Addressing supporters at a rally in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, on Wednesday, Trump said Daesh is ""honoring President Obama."" “He’s the founder of ISIS. He's the founder! He founded ISIS,” the real estate tycoon said, using an alternative acronym for the terrorist group. “I would say the co-founder would be ‘Crooked’ Hillary Clinton,” Trump added. He went on to criticize Obama’s decision to withdraw American military forces from Iraq and leaving behind a void for Daesh terrorists to fill. “We should never have gotten out the way we got out,” he said. “We unleashed terrible fury all over the Middle East."" “Instead of allowing some small forces behind to maybe, just maybe, keep it under control, we pulled it out,” he continued. Daesh terrorists, many of whom were initially trained by the CIA in Jordan in 2012 to destabilize the Syrian government, still control parts of Iraq and Syria. They have been engaged in crimes against humanity in areas under their control. They have been carrying out horrific acts of violence such as public decapitations and crucifixions against all communities, including Shia and Sunni Muslims, Kurds, and Christians. In a statement last week, Mike Pence, Trump’s vice presidential candidate, also said that the policies of Obama and Clinton led to the rise of Daesh. He blamed Obama and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for the “disastrous decisions” that led to the death of Captain Humayun Khan in Iraq. On July 28, Captain Khan’s father, Khizr Khan, addressed the Democratic National Convention, denouncing Trump as unpatriotic and selfish over his statements against immigrants and Muslims.",0
6321,Turkish Military Deploy Tanks And Equipment To Iraqi Border,"Posted on November 1, 2016 by Edmondo Burr in Middle East , News // 0 Comments The Turkish military have begun deploying tanks and military hardware to towns in the Sirnak province bordering Iraq, according to military sources on Tuesday. 
Reuters reports: 
The sources did not give a reason for the deployment, but President Tayyip Erdogan said on Saturday Turkey was aiming to reinforce its troops there, saying Ankara would have a “different response” for Shi’ite militia groups if they “cause terror” in the Iraqi city of Tal Afar. RELATED CONTENT India Deploys 100 Tanks In Remote Border Region With China 
Photos from the military sources showed a long column of vehicles, including tanks, tank rescue vehicles and construction vehicles in single file on a dual carriageway. 
The deployment coincides with an Iraqi operation to drive Islamic State from the northern Iraqi city of Mosul and after Iraqi Shi’ite militias launched a related offensive to push the jihadists out of the town of Tal Afar further west. 
Ankara has warned against such a move toward Tal Afar, which is some 170 km (106 miles) from Silopi and home to a sizeable ethnic Turkmen population with historic and cultural ties to Turkey. 
Sirnak province, where Silopi is located, is also one of the main areas of conflict between the Turkish military and Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militants, who have bases in northern Iraq.",0
6322,"Trey Gowdy Makes Game Changing Move, Brings Hillary Down For Rigged Elections… This Is A Whole New Case","VIA American News “I didn’t share them when the Democrats were complaining about election results and I don’t share them when the Republicans are either,” Gowdy commented. “I have confidence in the integrity of South Carolina officials that are in charge of voting.” “I’ve just always kind of felt like if you do your job then people will decide whether or not they want to hire you for another two-year contract,” he continued. “The day is spent doing the things you’re supposed to do as a member of Congress as opposed to trying to get another gig.” “You have to know what you’re good at and what you’re not good at,” Gowdy asserted. “I enjoy the committee work. I enjoy coming home on weekends and seeing my 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
6323,Artists and Critics Call for Culture ‘Strike’ on Inauguration Day - The New York Times,"More than 130 artists and critics have signed a petition calling for cultural institutions to close on Friday, Jan. 20, the day of   Donald J. Trump’s inauguration. Cindy Sherman, Richard Serra, Louise Lawler, Joan Jonas and Julie Mehretu were among the art stars signing the invitation for a “J20 Art Strike,” which urges museums, galleries, concert halls, art schools and nonprofit institutions to close to protest “the normalization of Trumpism,” according to a statement. “It is not a strike against art, theater or any other cultural form. It is an invitation to motivate these activities anew, to reimagine these spaces as places where resistant forms of thinking, seeing, feeling and acting can be produced. ” Ms. Jonas, who represented the United States at the 2015 Venice Biennale, said in an interview that she hoped people would attend protests on Jan. 20. “I’m interested in action and protest and people expressing their feelings about this situation that we’re in,” she said. “I’m concerned about minorities, immigrants, corruption and security. ” Cultural institutions around the country are still mulling their moves, with some, including the Museum of Modern Art, MoMA PS1 and the Los Angeles County Museum of Art (Lacma) pledging to maintain their regular hours that day. “Our entire program and mission, every day, is an expression of inclusion and appreciation of every culture,” Miranda Carroll, Lacma’s director of communications, wrote in an email. The Whitney Museum will also remain open, but will implement     admission for the day, hoping to encourage discussion. “The museum will offer programming that reflects our commitment to open dialogue, civic engagement and the diversity of American art and culture,” Danielle Bias, its senior communications manager, said in a statement. Melissa Parsoff, director of communications for the nonprofit Dia Art Foundation, said, “We plan to be open but we are continuing to discuss this and to see how the situation unfolds in the coming days. ” She added, “We are giving our staff the opportunity to take the time off if they want to attend the protest. ” Many universities will be closed anyway on Jan. 20  —   it’s winter break. “If your school is open and relevant, you should go to school,” said Tom Eccles, the executive director of Bard College’s Center for Curatorial Studies. “Inauguration Day is symbolic but let’s not just make it a day of symbolism. What we have to worry about is the next four years. At a certain moment in history, one has to retrench and consider the forms of resistance one is promoting. The struggle is long, and I would say it is not our role to close. It is our role to watch, to listen, to encourage. ”",0
6324,GOP Sen Collins: It’s a ‘Mistake to Defund Planned Parenthood’ - Breitbart,"Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while discussing the American Health Care Act, Sen. Susan Collins ( ) said it would be “a mistake” to defund Planned Parenthood.  Collins said, “That is an important issue to me because I don’t think that   women should be denied their choice of health care providers, for family planning, cancer screenings, for well, women care. It’s not the only issue in this huge bill. But I certainly think it’s not fair and it is a mistake to defund Planned Parenthood. It’s one of many issues. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
6325,The Electric Universe: What They Do Not Want You to Know,"By Pao Chang
Is the Universe electric in nature? Many researchers and scientists are arguing that mainstream science’s current understanding of the Universe is not accurate, because it does not acknowledge that electricity plays a very important role in the creation of the Universe. Does the Electric Universe theory have all the answers to explaining how the Universe works? I do not think it does but it does have a lot of essential information for helping us innerstand how the Universe works.
As described on ElectricUniverse.info :
The Electric Universe theory argues that electricity plays a more important role in the Universe, than is generally accepted (see also “ Electricity throughout the Universe “).
As a theory, it offers explanations of various natural and astrophysical phenomena, some of which it claims are better understood without the need for various ad hoc explanations. As with any theory, the Electric Universe makes predictions that have been tested, and is published in both peer-reviewed papers, and popular books.
The Electric Universe theory is interdisciplinary, integrating and supporting subject as diverse as the science (astronomy, geology, physics), with the soft sciences such as ancient history and comparative mythology.
Here is another excerpt from the same website :
The Electric Universe theory highlights the importance of electricity throughout the Universe . It is based on the recognition of existing natural electrical phenomena (eg. lightning, St Elmo’s Fire), and the known properties of plasmas (ionized “gases”) which make up 99.999% of the visible universe, and react strongly to electro-magnetic fields. Much of the material considered by the Electric Universe is peer-reviewed , but not all (see Speculative Theories, below).
The Electric Universe – Information They Don’t Want You to Know About 
Source: Energy Fanatics 
",0
6326,Why Are So Many People Popping Vitamin D? - The New York Times,"There was no reason for the patients to receive vitamin D tests. They did not have osteoporosis their bones were not cracking from a lack of the vitamin. They did not have diseases that interfere with vitamin D absorption. Yet in a recent sample of 800, 000 patients in Maine, nearly one in five had had at least one test for blood levels of the vitamin over a   period. More than a third got two or more tests, often to evaluate such   complaints as malaise or fatigue. The researchers who gathered the data, Dr. Kathleen Fairfield and Kim Murray of the Maine Medical Center, were surprised. Perhaps they shouldn’t have been. Millions of people are popping supplements in the belief that vitamin D can help turn back depression, fatigue, muscle weakness, even heart disease or cancer. In fact, there has never been widely accepted evidence that vitamin D is helpful in preventing or treating any of those conditions. But so firm is this belief that vitamin D has become popular even among people with no particular medical complaints or disease risks. And they are being tested for vitamin D “deficiency” in ever greater numbers. The number of blood tests for vitamin D levels among Medicare beneficiaries, mostly people 65 and older, increased   from 2000 to 2010, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Among patients with commercial insurance, testing rates rose 2.  from 2009 to 2014. Labs performing these tests are reporting perfectly normal levels of vitamin D  —   20 to 30 nanograms per milliliter of blood  —   as “insufficient. ” As a consequence, millions of healthy people think they have a deficiency, and some are taking supplemental doses so high they can be dangerous, causing poor appetite, nausea and vomiting. Vitamin D overdoses also can lead to weakness, frequent urination and kidney problems. “A lot of clinicians are acting like there is a pandemic” of vitamin D deficiency, said Dr. JoAnn E. Manson, a preventive medicine researcher at Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston who helped write an Institute of Medicine report on vitamin D. “That gives them justification to screen everyone and get everyone well above what the Institute of Medicine recommends. ” In fact, the institute committee on which Dr. Manson served concluded in 2010 that very few people were vitamin D deficient and noted that randomized trials had found no particular benefit for healthy people to have blood levels above 20 nanograms per milliliter. Medical organizations, too, have repeatedly found that there is no reason to assess vitamin D levels in healthy adults, and recently two rigorous studies failed to find that high doses of the vitamin protect against heart disease or cancer. Still, vitamin D has become “a religion,” said Dr. Clifford J. Rosen, an osteoporosis researcher at the Maine Medical Center Research Institute and a member of the Institute of Medicine’s committee. Vitamin D is a   nutrient needed to absorb calcium and phosphorus, and therefore to make bones strong. People do not make their own: We need sunlight to synthesize vitamin D. The vitamin also is found in oily fish and in a few other foods, including milk, which is fortified with the vitamin. Because many people have little exposure to sunlight, especially those living in northern climates in winter, some investigators became concerned more than a decade ago that large swaths of the population were not getting enough vitamin D. One is Dr. Michael F. Holick, a professor of medicine, physiology and biophysics at Boston University School of Medicine and a leading proponent of the idea that just about everyone needs a vitamin D supplement. He points to studies that suggest an association between low vitamin D levels and higher rates of various diseases. While these observational reports do not prove cause and effect, he is persuaded by the fact that many point in the same direction, hinting that low blood levels of vitamin D are hazardous. Doctors, he believes, must take action. The recommended daily allowance is 600 international units up to age 70, and 800 I. U. for people who are older, Dr. Holick said. Diet cannot provide that much of the vitamin, he notes. And it would require nearly constant exposure to sunlight to reach the levels he recommends. Over the years, he acknowledged, studies in which people were randomly assigned to take a vitamin D pill or a placebo have failed to support claims for the vitamin’s benefits. But those studies tended to be too small to be definitive, he said. Yet recent trials, larger and more rigorous, also have not produced the   results. One study with 5, 108 participants, published this month in JAMA Cardiology, found that vitamin D did not prevent heart attacks. Another study, published at the end of March, included 2, 303 healthy postmenopausal women randomly assigned to take vitamin D and calcium supplements or a placebo. The supplements did not protect the women against cancer, the researchers concluded. Other, more ambitious studies are underway, including a   randomized study of almost 26, 000 healthy men and women directed by Dr. Manson and Julie Buring, who hope to answer once and for all whether taking vitamin D can prevent cancer, heart disease and strokes. The frenzy for vitamin D began not in natural food stores but in medical journals. Beginning around 2000, a series of research papers linked vitamin D levels that are lower, but considered normal, to multiple sclerosis and mental illness, then to cancer risk and bone health. Blood testing for the vitamin took off. “Patients began asking for it,” said Dr. Fairfield, the researcher in Maine. “A lot of people thought that if they were fatigued or sad or they did not feel well, they might be vitamin D deficient. ” In 2007, Dr. Holick published a paper in The New England Journal of Medicine asserting that vitamin D levels now considered normal  —   21 to 29 nanograms per milliliter of blood  —   were linked to an increased risk of cancer, autoimmune disease, diabetes, schizophrenia, depression, poor lung capacity and wheezing. He also published books promoting the idea that vitamin D levels in that range were insufficient to promote good health. In 2011, a committee of the Endocrine Society, headed by Dr. Holick, came out with a recommendation that vitamin D levels be at least 30 nanograms per milliliter, which meant that most people were vitamin D deficient. The group recommended the taking of supplements but not widespread testing, on the grounds that this would not be  . The new guideline had an immediate effect: Commercial labs began describing levels of 20 to 30 nanograms per milliliter as insufficient. Many continue to do so today. “There was a vitamin D bandwagon,” said Dr. Sundeep Khosla, an osteoporosis expert at the Mayo Clinic. Vitamin D tests “became incorporated into the general evaluation of patients,” he added. Ravinder J. Singh, who runs a testing lab at the Mayo Clinic, was taken aback by the sudden deluge. “Demand for vitamin D testing went through the sky,” he said. “It was almost as though there was nothing else serious in clinical practice. ” Dr. Fairfield, like many other general practitioners, began testing patients, trying to make sure they raised their vitamin D levels above 29 and became concerned that she and other doctors had been too cavalier about the vitamin. “We were worried that there was a lot we were missing,” she said. But when the Institute of Medicine report proved critical of the vitamin D craze, she started telling healthy patients there was no reason for them to be tested. Many did not want to hear that advice. “People were used to vitamin D monitoring, like with cholesterol,” Dr. Fairfield said. “They wanted to know what their number is. ” Although Dr. Fairfield stopped routine vitamin D testing, many others have not. Becky Rosen, 64, a nurse who is director of clinical services at a home health agency in Brunswick, Me. had a physical exam four years ago and was told she needed a vitamin D test. She declined. Her next physical exam was in February, with a different doctor. Once again, the doctor wanted to test her vitamin D level. “I said, ‘I don’t think I need it,’” Ms. Rosen said. The doctor persisted, explaining that Maine is so far north that people may not be exposed to much sunlight. Once again, Ms. Rosen politely but firmly declined. But she is a special patient: Her husband, Dr. Rosen, helped write the Institute of Medicine report that was critical of vitamin D supplements. “I can see other people getting persuaded,” Ms. Rosen said.",0
6327,"NSA Whistleblower Says DNC Email Hack Was Not by Russia, but by US Intelligence | Alternative","(Before It's News)
An NSA Whistleblower says that Hillary Clinton’s deleted emails are easily accessible by the NSA and FBI should they desire to look at them, and he suggests that the hacks on the Democratic National Committee’s server was not done by Russia, as many pundits are claiming, but possibly by a disgruntled U.S. intelligence worker.
William Binney, the architect of the NSA’s surveillance program, resigned on October 31, 2001, after working for the agency for more than 30 years. He thinks that an intelligence worker may have hacked into the DNC emails due to concern about Hillary Clinton’s disregard of national security in her use of a personal email server and her continued lies about her activity. Once accessed, there’s no telling where the information could have gone.
The “Putin did it” story is a fable used to sway voters towards Clinton’s war-driven agenda.
On a talk radio show, he mentioned that there are numerous questions that are not being answered about the hacked DNC emails and the network log available to the NSA.
Binney explains that there was no evidence tying the alleged Russian hacks to Wikileaks, and he says that they would have access to this information through the network logs. “So, if the FBI really wanted them, they can go into that database and get them right now,” he said.
He finds their reluctance to speak to this matter highly suspicious.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ).",0
6328,"Turkey, Nice, Presidential Race: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Turkey declared martial law as military factions attempted a coup. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, whose whereabouts was previously unclear, flew back to Istanbul. It was a sign that the coup was failing as factions fought for control. “There is no power higher than the power of the people,” Mr. Erdogan said earlier, using an iPhone to broadcast messages. Our live coverage is here. _____ 2. World leaders expressed solidarity and outrage as France reeled from its third major terrorist attack in 19 months. “The times have changed,” Prime Minister Manuel Valls said, “and France is going to have to live with terrorism. ” The weapon was chillingly mundane: a   refrigerator truck, driven into a crowd of people watching holiday fireworks in the Mediterranean city of Nice. At least 84 people were killed  —   including children  —   and more than 200 injured in a   trail of carnage. _____ 3. The police shot and killed the   driver. He was identified as Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel, a    Tunisian who moved to France about 10 years ago. _____ 4. In the U. S. the attack prompted Donald Trump to pledge to seek a declaration of war from Congress against Islamic terrorists. He also delayed an appearance with his newly named running mate, Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana, above. Newt Gingrich, whom Mr. Trump passed over for vice president, stirred controversy by saying that American Muslims who believed in Shariah law should be deported. _____ 5. Plans for the Republican National Convention, which starts Monday, were still taking shape. The football player Tim Tebow denied reports that he would be speaking, and the rabbi of Mr. Trump’s daughter Ivanka backed out of delivering the invocation. More than a dozen senators also say they have better things to do next week. (Jeff Flake of Arizona said he would be “mowing my lawn. ”) _____ 6. Congress released 28   pages of its 2002 inquiry into the Sept. 11 attacks, which list possible links between Saudi officials and Qaeda operatives. Lawmakers and families of victims fought for years to declassify the pages, which were kept secret to protect U. S.  relations. Repeated investigations failed to confirm any official Saudi role, and Saudi officials welcomed the release as a way to “clear up, once and for all, any lingering questions or suspicions. ” _____ 7. In theaters this weekend: “Ghostbusters. ”  Our reviewer calls it cheerfully silly  —   and a lot like the 1984 comedy hit, “except that it stars four funny women instead of, you know, four funny men. ” The   Paul Feig, she writes, is “one of the best things to happen to American   comedy. ” And here are more recommendations from our entertainment experts on TV and streaming options. _____ 8. Herbalife, the supplements company, avoided being classified as a pyramid scheme by the Federal Trade Commission but agreed to pay $200 million to resolve accusations of deception. Herbalife’s stock rose 11. 7 percent, to $66. 15. _____ 9. Researchers made inroads on understanding just how much harsher the misery of jet lag is going east than west. The team’s mathematical model of the body’s   cells shows that a westward trip across nine time zones can take eight days of recovery, because lengthening a day is easier to handle. The eastward parallel may take a person 13 days to bounce back from. _____ 10. Finally, China’s farmers think they can offer customers something even better than organic. They are adapting the herbal elixirs in traditional Chinese medicine for  their cows, pigs and ducks. One farmer said that what’s good for the goose is good for those dining on the goose. “In the old days, we used traditional methods to feed the animals,” one farmer said. “People’s longevity was very long. ” Have a good weekend. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
6329,James Comey’s Opening Remarks: It’s All About Him - Breitbart,"Former FBI director James Comey opened his testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday by complaining about “shifting explanations” for why he had been fired, and by attacking the Trump administration. [Comey said that he had originally intended to accept his firing quietly, but then found that the administration’s statements about the matter “confused me and increasingly concerned me. ” He said that President Donald Trump had assured him that he was doing a good job, and that he had assured the president in return that he intended to stay.  “I was extremely   by the FBI workforce,” Comey said. “So it confused me when I saw on television the president saying that he actually fired me because of the Russia investigation. ” Under questioning, Comey would later admit that the president did not ask him to stop the Russia investigation, an admission already contained in Comey’s prepared written testimony. Comey continued: “I was also confused by the initial explanation that was offered publicly: that I was fired because of the decisions I had made during the election year. ” He had assumed that was “water   …     under the bridge,” he said. “The administration then chose to defame me, and more importantly the FBI, by saying that the organization was in disarray, that it was poorly led, that the workforce had lost confidence in its leader. Those were lies, plain and simple, and I am so sorry that the FBI workforce had to hear them, and I’m so sorry that the American people were told them. ” Comey closed his remarks by offering words of praise for his former colleagues at the FBI. But his remarks left little doubt that his motivations for testifying were deeply personal. And they created an impression that he intended to exact a political price from the president for doing what he acknowledged the president had every right to do. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
6330,Physical Gold Buying Soars In Asia,"Financial Markets , Gold , Housing Market , Market Manipulation , U.S. Economy Comex , LBMA , Shanghai Gold Exchange , silver eagles admin 
Gold was pushing $1230/oz overnight, as the methodical take-down of gold and silver in the NYC and London paper markets has triggered an avalanche of demand for physical gold in the eastern hemisphere. 
Last night ex-duty import premiums in India were $14 over spot gold. In Shanghai the premium to world gold was $9.76. Delivery volume into the Shanghai Gold Exchange rocketed to an extraordinary 86.55 tonnes (it was 35.9 tonnes on Wednesday). The open interest on the SGE was 807 tonnes. To one observer’s recollection, John Brimelow of John Brimelow’s Gold Jottings, this is the first time the open interest has been over 800 tonnes. 
In Viet Nam the premium paid by the public was $90 over world gold. The spread has been wider over the last 15 years, but not much and only during times when there’s been high “backwardation” between the physical delivery bullion markets in the east vs. the fraudulent paper gold markets in London and NYC. 
To reinforce this nebulous idea of gold flowing from west to east, and unusually high amount of gold was shipped out of the Comex kilo bar vaults yesterday. 320,434 ozs left the Comex. Over 12,000 kilobars have left JP Morgan’s kilobar vault account in the last two days. This is being attributed as evidence of Asia’s voracious demand right now, as NY and London – when those two conduits actually clear real metal – trade 400oz LBMA grade bars whereas Asia prefers kilobars. 
The price of gold is being attacked right now in a manner that is quite reminiscent of the way it was attacked in the summer of 2008, right before the global financial markets collapsed, led by the fall of Lehman. 
Something really ugly is coming toward the global economic and financial system. The dollar index soared from 72 to 86 between June 2008 and October 2008, while gold and silver were systematically taken a lot lower. We know how that played. 
Similarly, the dollar has gone parabolic in the last week without any visible news or events that would have triggered this move. Too be sure, if Trump implements his borrow and spend program for infrastructure projects, the Fed will have to print a lot of money to monetize the avalanche of Treasury debt issuance, given that the rest of the world is now dumping their Treasuries. 
Both of those factors should be dollar-bearish and gold-bullish. In good time that’s how this will play out. 
In the latest episode of the Shadow of Truth, we discuss the extraordinary “backwardation” that has developed in the price of gold between the west and the east. We also discuss evidence of the ongoing collapse in the U.S. economy. Share this:",0
6331,J.F.K. Computer Glitch Wreaks Havoc on Air Passengers - The New York Times,"A Verizon service disruption unleashed travel chaos at a terminal at Kennedy International Airport on Sunday night, grinding the   process to a near halt and forcing airline employees to   boarding passes for thousands of unhappy passengers. Large numbers of travelers were affected by the disruption, which began around 4 p. m. in Terminal 7, which is operated by British Airways, said Neal Buccino, a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates the airport. The   line stretched to an estimated 1, 500 people at one point, he said. Mr. Buccino said the server that provided wireless Internet and other computer services for the terminal had “some kind of problem. ” An airport official said the services were provided by Verizon, which did not offer a comment when reached on Sunday night. “We apologize for any inconvenience caused as a result of a system outage,” a spokeswoman for British Airways wrote in an email. “Our colleagues are working as quickly as they can to assist all customers traveling tonight. ” A line of frustrated   passengers could be seen stretching out the terminal doors, snaking up the sidewalk all the way back onto the elevated roadway that leads to the terminal. Inside, airline employees were writing boarding passes by hand, sometimes in pencil. Terminal 7 is operated by British Airways, not the Port Authority, but Mr. Buccino said Port Authority police officers had been dispatched there to help control the crowd. He described the scene as “orderly,” but said tensions had sometimes flared.",0
6332,"Companies Ignoring Trump, Moving Jobs to Mexico - Breitbart","Despite President Donald Trump’s promise to stop companies from outsourcing production to Mexico by imposing a significant border tax on goods sold in America, some businesses ignore this threat. [Following his election in November, the Trump administration assembled a group of 28 business and labor leaders to advise on “on how best to promote job growth and get Americans back to work again,” as well as launching a Manufacturing Jobs Initiative.   The Wall Street Journal published a report on Wednesday on some of the companies planning to outsource production. Here is what they found: Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 3, 2016,  Despite these apparent failures to persuade companies to remain in America, Trump has had some significant successes in ensuring the continuation, or even creation, of jobs in America. As well as assurances from Ford and General Motors to expand production, companies such as Apple, Intel and Amazon have all told the administration they will continue to invest in America. Since Donald Trump’s election in November, Department of Labor figures show the economy has gained 227, 00 jobs, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average has eclipsed 20, 000. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
6333,2:00PM Water Cooler 11/10/2016,"Corrente. 
TPP/TTIP/TISA/NAFTA 
“[Trump] has many tools to reverse the post World War II consensus on liberalizing U.S. trade without needing congressional approval. For instance, he can withdraw from the North American Free Trade Agreement, as he has threatened to do, by simply notifying the U.S.’ Nafta partners, Mexico and Canada, and waiting six months. Withdrawing from the World Trade Organization, which sets rules for global trading and enforces tariffs, has a similar provision” [ Wall Street Journal , “Donald Trump Will Need to Leverage Size, Power of U.S. Economy to Remake Global Trading System”]. “‘Our major trading partners are far more likely to cooperate with an America resolute about balancing its trade than they are likely to provoke a trade war,’ wrote Trump economic advisers Peter Navarro [ here ] of the University of California-Irvine and investor Wilbur Ross in September. ‘This is true for one very simple reason: America’s major trading partners are far more dependent on American markets than America is on their markets.'” 
TPP: “To take effect, TPP must be ratified by February 2018 by at least six countries that account for 85 percent of the 12 members’ aggregate economic output. This effectively means that the U.S. and Japan, the world’s third-largest economy and the second-largest that is a signatory nation, must both be on board” [ DC Velocity ]. 
TPP: “Mr. Trump’s win also seals the fate of President Barack Obama’s 12-nation trade agreement, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP. The president-elect blamed the TPP on special interests who want to “rape” the country” [ Wall Street Journal , “Donald Trump Win to Upend Trade Policy”]. “Mr. Obama had hoped to work with Republican lawmakers to pass the TPP during the ‘lame duck’ session of Congress after the election, where they faced an uphill battle even if Tuesday’s vote had favored Hillary Clinton, who previously backed the TPP negotiations. Now Republicans have little incentive to bring the TPP to a vote, since Mr. Trump could easily threaten to unravel the deal when he takes office and block its implementation, as well as punish lawmakers who vote for it.” 
TPP: “Donald Trump’s historic victory Tuesday has killed any chance of Congress voting on President Barack Obama’s signature Asia-Pacific trade agreement while raising the odds of a damaging trade confrontation with China — just two ways a Trump presidency could upend the global trading system and usher in a new era of U.S. protectionism, analysts say” [ Politico ]. “‘This is the end of globalization is we knew it … because what the U.S. is going to do is certainly going to impact other countries’ and their decisions on negotiations,’ Gary Hufbauer, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, told Politico. ‘TPP is now in the history dustbin for sure,’ Hufbauer said.” 
TPP: “House GOP election outcomes will be key as House Speaker Paul Ryan decides whether to bring the TPP to a vote in the lame-duck session with GOP voters strongly against and the GOP ‘s high-donor base demanding action. With an eye to conservative GOP threats to withhold support for his speakership and a possible 2020 presidential run, Ryan’s decision is complicated. Whether the TPP will get a lame-duck vote is his call. Beyond whether he can muster the votes of representatives who weathered the wrath of trade voters in this cycle and worry about the 2018 primaries lies the longer-term implications of his even trying to do so with the GOP voter base so intensely against the pact” [Lori Wallach, Eyes on Trade ]. 
2016 
The Rending of Garments and Gnashing of Teeth 
“People’s net worth has been crippled, if you were directly, in a 401K, through a mutual fund, or through a pension, invested in capital markets” [TeacherKen, Daily Kos ]. Bathos. 
Money 
“Allies on the ground complained for weeks that they weren’t getting the resources they needed” [ The Hill ]. “‘The big question is ‘How much money did you spend? And what’s left in the bank?’ said one Clinton surrogate. ‘Because there were states like Michigan that kept sounding the alarm and no one was taking it seriously until the very end. They never really got everything they wanted.’…“Russ Feingold sent a flare up and said ‘I need help,’ [Democratic strategist Jim Manley] said, but it went largely ignored.” Huh? Clinton spent the month of August fundraising. The Clinton Victory Fund scam turned the state parties into a money laundries for cash passed through to the Clinton campaign. Clinton raised $154 million in September for her campaign and the party. And people “getting the resources they needed”? Seems odd. 
Policy 
“Majority Leader Mitch McConnell signaled the Senate would move swiftly to repeal Obamacare now that the GOP Congress will have a Republican president next year” [ Politico ]. 
Polling Debacle 
“While the [Trump] campaign had expressed confidence in public, their own data showed only a narrow path to the 270 electorates needed to win the White House” [ NBC ]. And: “RNC staffers thought Trump would win 240 Electoral College votes, 30 short of the 270 needed to win. They cautioned reporters that these numbers could change. And it was noteworthy that their projections were more optimistic than much of the public polling. But Trump was down 2 points in Florida, down 2 points in Iowa, down 2 points in New Hampshire and down 3 points in Wisconsin. Trump won Florida, won Iowa, won Wisconsin, and as of the publishing of this story was in a tight race for New Hampshire” [ Yahoo News ]. Which, interestingly, is what I kept saying. When I cut through the triumphalism and looked at the polling, and threw those numbers against the “paths to victory,” it was always (except for one week) a horse race. So I seem to have channeled the Trump team’s thinking on the data. It’s been an interesting year, and I’ll critique my approach tomorrow. An interesting data point: “The best data inside the Trump campaign was just as pessimistic. Even the most optimistic models run by Cambridge Analytica for Trump showed him losing. But as Cambridge’s Matt Oczkowski tweeted late Tuesday, Trump’s support and turnout among rural voters was 10 percentage points higher than they had expected .” Ten points is rather a lot. 
“Donald Trump’s win was predicted by Allan Lichtman — the US election expert who has called every result since 1984” [ Independent ]. “‘[The 13 keys method] is a historically based prediction system. I derived the system by looking at every American presidential election from 1860 to 1980,’ Professor Lichtman has said.” And: “Lichtman believes election analysts err by studying campaign as a series of battlefields — northern versus southern Florida, western versus eastern Pennsylvania, and so on. He prefers likening it to dominoes, toppling one way or the other. He says U.S. campaigns are contests of momentum. In the early 1980s, he and a colleague examined election results dating back to the Civil War and found a pattern. They drew up 13 true-false statements, and if the answer to six or more was ”False,” the incumbent party always lost the White House” [ HuffPo ]. And: “LICHTMAN: I don’t call [the 13 keys] data-driven. I have no problem with data. My prediction system is based on a huge amount of data, you know. But I do object to poll-and-pundit-driven analysis, which is not meaningful because it’s not based on any kind of systematic assessment of how elections work” [ NPR ]. 
“I Answer Your Questions About Predicting President Trump” [ Scott Adams Blog ]. “Clinton’s team of cognitive scientists and professional persuaders did a terrific job of framing Trump as scary. The illusion will wear off – albeit slowly – as you observe Trump going about the job of President and taking it seriously. You can expect him to adjust his tone and language going forward. You can expect foreign leaders to say they can work with him. You can expect him to focus on unifying an exhausted and nervous country. And you can expect him to succeed in doing so. (He’s persuasive.) Watch as Trump turns to healing. You’re going to be surprised how well he does it. But give it time.” Scott Adams is looking pretty good right now. But is he only as good as his last trade? 
“Silver is just guessing. And, in the run-up to this election, he made so many guesses that at least one of them has to be correct” [ WaPo ]. 
Downballot 
“The 2018 election cycle has started and Republicans find themselves in an interesting place. On the one hand, the tables are turned as they will get to play offense. There are 33 races in 2018 and Democrats will defend 25 of those seats while Republicans will defend just eight of them” [ Cook Political Report ]. 
The Voters 
Anecdotes but well-chosen: “It was never enough to say that the Trump phenomenon rested only on whites without a college degree. They were part of Trump’s surprise, but not all of it. The real shocks were the fence-sitters, the late-breakers, the Bush-family types, and the suburban women. They would, we were so often told, recoil from Trump. Outside the Silverbrook Elementary School, a polling station in the affluent community of Fairfax Station, I encountered Jaclyn Miller, a genial tax accountant in her mid-thirties. I asked how she voted. She winced and laughed. ‘I voted for Trump, begrudgingly,’ she said” [ The New Yorker ]. “‘It was the lesser of two evils, in my mind. I’m definitely a fiscal conservative, and the corruption and everything from Hillary, just, I couldn’t do it,’ she said. “She’s not trustworthy.’ The ‘Access Hollywood’ tape did not matter much to her. After all, she said, Bill Clinton was ‘with an intern in the Oval Office.; Of Trump, she added, ‘I’m sure there’s things that I’ve said that I would never want public.’ Miller went on, ‘A couple weeks ago, I had decided, at that moment, that I was going third party. And I really wish that there was a valid third-party option. I think a lot of Americans don’t fall into one category.'” Amen to that last comment. 
“The Democratic Party Deserved To Die” [Krystal Ball, HuffPo ]. “Well, those jobs are actually gone for good, we knowingly told them. And we offered a fantastical non-solution. We will retrain you for good jobs! Never mind that these ‘good jobs’ didn’t exist in East Kentucky or Cleveland. And as a final insult, we lectured a struggling people watching their kids die of drug overdoses about their white privilege. Can you blame them for calling bullshit? ” 
“The ‘Deplorables’ Got the Last Laugh” [David Dayen, The New Republic ]. “[T]he lesson for Democrats is ultimately clear enough: You cannot write off half the country, much less spend an election cycle deriding it, and expect success.” 
“Despite the unexpected triumph of Donald Trump, Democratic state legislative candidates held their own Tuesday in their efforts to close the gap on Republicans in the nation’s statehouses” [ RealClearPolitics ]. But: “Overall, after netting more than 800 state legislative seats during the Obama years, Republicans are hugely dominant in the nation’s statehouses, controlling 66 of the nation’s 98 partisan legislative chambers. Democrats control 30. There are two ties, pending the outcome in the New York Senate. (Nebraska has a nominally non-partisan unicameral legislature.) ” 
Our Famously Free Press 
“But I’ve come to think that the rise of fake news — and of the cheap-to-run, ideologically driven aggregator sites that are only a few steps up from fake — has weaponized those filter bubbles. There were just too many people voting in this election because they were infuriated by made-up things they read online” [ Nieman Labs ]. Dunno about that (see below). But this rings true: “One thread running through the countless profiles of Trump voters this cycle was the loss of community institutions. The factories shut down; the church pews were emptier than they used to be; the braided fabric of their towns had unraveled. Don’t forget that, particularly in smaller communities, the local newspaper was one of those key institutions — the daily or weekly package of stories that connected you to your neighbors.” 
“Facebook’s algorithm and whatever ‘echo chamber’ or ‘filter bubble’ or whatever it may have created did not lead to this result. This was the result of a very large group of people who are quite clearly — and reasonably — pissed off at the status quo…. This was a “throw the bums out” vote, and many of the bums deserved to be thrown out” [ Tech Dirt ]. “But that’s not Facebook’s fault. And the idea that a better or different algorithm on Facebook would have made the results any different is just as ridiculous as the idea that newspaper endorsements or ‘fact checking’ mattered one bit. People are angry because the system has failed them in many, many ways, and it’s not because they’re idiots who believed all the fake news Facebook pushed on them (even if some of them did believe it). Many people don’t think Trump will be any good, but they voted for him anyway, because the status quo is broken.” 
Legitimacy 
Trump meets with Obama: “‘We discussed a lot of different situations, some wonderful and some difficulties. I very much look forward to dealing with the president in the future, including counsel,’ Trump said. ‘Mr. President, it was a great honor meeting with you. And I look forward to meeting with you many, many more times in the future'” [Olivier Knox, Yahoo News ]. 
Sanders: “To the degree that Mr. Trump is serious about pursuing policies that improve the lives of working families in this country, I and other progressives are prepared to work with him. To the degree that he pursues racist, sexist, xenophobic, and anti-environment policies, we will vigorously oppose him” [ Variety ]. 
“Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg appeared to be wearing her infamous “dissent jabot” on the bench Wednesday morning. The move is being widely interpreted as a repudiation of Donald Trump’s victory in the presidential election a night earlier” [ The Hill ]. “Ginsburg typically wears the collar when issuing dissenting opinions in the court, as she explained to Yahoo News in 2014. But no opinions were read Wednesday.” This isn’t like Kremlinology. It is Kremlinology. 
“The audience for our glib analysis and contempt for much of the electorate, it turned out, was rather limited. This was particularly true when it came to voters, the ones who turned out by the millions to deliver not only a rebuke to the political system but also the people who cover it. Trump knew what he was doing when he invited his crowds to jeer and hiss the reporters covering him. They hate us, and have for some time” [ CBS ]. “What’s worse, we don’t make much of an effort to really understand, and with too few exceptions, treat the economic grievances of Middle America like they’re some sort of punchline. Sometimes quite literally so, such as when reporters tweet out a photo of racist-looking Trump supporters and jokingly suggest that they must be upset about free trade or low wages.” Yglesias being a prime offender. 
“My mom-in-law was watching CBS all night, so that’s what we watched. All the pundits/anchors spoke in the hushed tones of a funeral. For two hours, the only images of campaign workers shown were the sad faces of Clinton supporters; not one image of jubilant Trump supporters was broadcast until Trump gave his acceptance speech” [ Of Two Minds ]. “When one of the talking heads noted that Hillary never generated the enthusiasm of the Sanders or Trump campaigns, his comment was followed by a stony silence. That he had given voice to a self-evident truth was not welcome. 
“The White House on Wednesday refused to rule out the possibility that Obama would pardon Clinton to prevent Trump from prosecuting her when he takes office” [ The Hill ]. And: “‘There are deep and disturbing issues there,’ [Rudy] Giuliani, a top Donald Trump adviser and former federal prosecutor, said Thursday on Fox News’s “Fox & Friends,’ citing the Clinton Foundation. ‘That’s why I don’t think President Obama should pardon her,’ Giuliani added. ‘I think President Obama should leave it to the system that we all believe in to determine is she innocent or is she guilty?'” 
“Within a few weeks of winning the White House, President-elect Donald Trump could face another group of U.S. citizens, a federal jury in California, courtesy of a lawsuit by former students of his now-defunct Trump University who claim they were defrauded by a series of real-estate seminars” [ Reuters ]. 
Stats Watch 
Jobless Claims, week of November 5, 2016: “Employers are holding tightly onto their employees as jobless claims remain steady at or near record lows” [ Econoday ]. And: “lower than the consensus forecast” [ Calculated Risk ]. But: “The trend of the 4 week moving average is continuing to marginally worsened – and catch up to the rolling averages of a year ago – and this trend historically indicates a weakening GDP” [ Econintersect ]. 
Employment Situation: “Despite largescale hiring announcements from numerous major retailers, the number of October employment gains in the sector declined 21 percent from a year ago to 154,600. That was the fewest job gains to kick off the holiday hiring season since 2012” [ Econintersect ]. 
Bloomberg Consumer Comfort Index, week of November 6, 2016: “The consumer comfort index, at 45.1 in the November 6 week, is accelerating” [ Econoday ]. “Strength in consumer confidence is tied closely to strength in the labor market. ” 
Shipping: “[“Smart containers”] can be tracked, managed and monitored remotely using special hardware such as relay antennas which allows the lines to collect, store and analyse data even while the ship is in high seas.. Based on this data, lines can take relevant remedial action where required, especially with regards to reefer cargo” [ Shipping & Freight Resource ]. “In a lot of the cases digital technology has become a USP (Unique Selling Proposition) and shipping lines while competing on price have also started competing on ease of UX (User Experience) and through this have managed to transfer a lot of the work from their desks to the customers desks…. Of course there are humans involved in these processes in the background, but the fact remains that in a lot of the cases you don’t have any visible human interaction as the system takes care of everything.” 
Shipping: “Cargo transportation by sea in 2015 saw its slowest rate of growth since 2009 amid the prolonged slowdown in global trade.Figures from the UN Conference on Trade and Development indicated that seaborne shipping had risen 2.1% year on year to exceed 10bn tons” [ Lloyd’s List ]. 
The Bezzle: ” Yahoo describes massive data breach, doesn’t explain two-year disclosure gap” [ FCPA Blog ]. “Yahoo said in a securities filing Wednesday that employees knew in late 2014 a state-sponsored hacker entered its network and stole names, birth dates, and encrypted passwords for more than 500 million accounts… Wednesday’s disclosure didn’t say which employees knew about the attack or who they informed. Yahoo first disclosed the 2014 data breach in September this year. The board is now investigating the attack with the help of forensic experts, Yahoo said Wednesday. The company didn’t say when the board first learned about the attack or which executives, if any, knew about the attack when it happened. Yahoo disclosed the attack in September, two months after entering into an agreement to sell itself to Verizon for $4.8 billion.” 
The Bezzle: “̌Republican Donald Trump’s victory in the U.S. presidential race puts a new rule on retirement advice in limbo, even after Wall Street’s biggest wealth management firms have spent millions preparing for it, lawyers and analysts said this week. The U.S. Department of Labor fiduciary rule, which is set to start taking effect in April, is meant to promote the best interests of retirement savers by eliminating conflicts of interest for brokers” [ Reuters ]. “On the campaign trail, Trump has said that ’70 percent of regulations can go,’ and an adviser, Anthony Scaramucci [ here ], told Reuters the fiduciary rule ‘would likely be stopped.'” 
The Bezzle: “We decided to examine the descriptions of [thousands of companies that received venture capital investment since 2010] to get a better look into the ever-changing startup landscape. We used natural language processing to identify trends by looking at which words are more or less common today than at the beginning of the decade” [ Priceonomics ]. “We found that social media, mobile apps, and email startups are on their way out, while messaging, healthcare, tools, and artificial intelligence are gaining momentum. By and large, startup descriptions are tech-heavy, featuring words like ‘app,’‘cloud,’ and ‘network.’ Our data also shows that no word has seen a bigger jump in usage than ‘virtual reality’ and no word a bigger decline than ‘electronics.'” 
Political Risk: “‘The rapid rise of political and social populism and accelerating global migration are causes of concern,’ [AG CEO Joe] Kaeser said. [ Wall Street Journal , “Siemens Warns of Populist Threat to Business as Profit Jumps”]. 
Political Risk: “The global shipping industry is bracing for a Donald Trump presidency, fearing the antitrade rhetoric in the campaign could turn into international showdowns that cripple the flow of goods” [ Wall Street Journal ]. “The betting in Mr. Trump’s camp is that trading partners will believe that access to the U.S. market is too precious to give up without negotiating new deals. Until that happens, however, ocean carriers will have to watch the political winds.” 
Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 40 Fear (previous close: 30, Fear) [ CNN ]. One week ago: 18 (Extreme Fear). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed). Last updated Nov 9 at 11:38am. Life goes on. 
Gaia 
“Sex is far from a perfect way to reproduce. It imposes a huge cost on a species, and that cost is called “males.” If roughly 50 percent of a species is made up of males who are incapable of producing babies, it is at a serious reproductive disadvantage relative to another species made up mostly of females capable of reproducing on their own” [ Nautilus ]. “Despite its drawbacks, sex does seem to offer a species an incontrovertible advantage. It recombines individuals’ genes so that the species as a whole can maintain the diversity of traits it needs to survive whatever challenges—faster predators, changing climate, giant comet impacts—the future may throw at it…. By this logic, parthenogenesis is an evolutionary cul-de-sac.” But: “Earlier this year, a team from the American Museum of Natural History compared easily measurable traits such as scales along the belly, or pores on the right leg, from seven generations of one line of parthenogenic whiptails with a sexually reproducing species. The parthenogens showed just as much physical variability as sexually reproducing whiptails, even though the parthenogens all had identical DNA.” Hoo boy. 
News of the Wired 
“A life in ruins” [ New Criterion ]. “On the architectural vision of John Soane.” Random quote: “Around 1850, Baudelaire was the first to use modernité in the sense of a unique aesthetic sensibility.” 
“How Japan Prepares Its Children for Independence” [ Savvy Tokyo ]. “By five and six, Japanese children often take public transit or walk to school without their parents.” 
* * * 
Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here . And here’s today’s plant (ChiGal): 
ChiGal writes: “[A] hornbeam tree, never seen in the Chi but all over Carrboro, the ‘Paris of the South.’ If croissants were biscuits…” 
Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the very successful Naked Capitalism fundraiser just past. Now, I understand you may feel tapped out, but when and if you are able, please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate 
* * * 
Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here . And here’s today’s plant (ChiGal): 
ChiGal writes: “[A] hornbeam tree, never seen in the Chi but all over Carrboro, the ‘Paris of the South.’ If croissants were biscuits…” 
Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the very successful Naked Capitalism fundraiser just past. Now, I understand you may feel tapped out, but when and if you are able, please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate 0 0 0 0 0 0 This entry was posted in Water Cooler on by Lambert Strether . About Lambert Strether 
Lambert Strether has been blogging, managing online communities, and doing system administration 24/7 since 2003, in Drupal and WordPress. Besides political economy and the political scene, he blogs about rhetoric, software engineering, permaculture, history, literature, local politics, international travel, food, and fixing stuff around the house. The nom de plume “Lambert Strether” comes from Henry James’s The Ambassadors: “Live all you can. It’s a mistake not to.” You can follow him on Twitter at @lambertstrether. http://www.correntewire.com",0
6334,Chips ‘do not need to be cooked three times’,"Chips ‘do not need to be cooked three times’ 03-11-16 ONCE-COOKED chips are perfectly fine, it has been confirmed. Researchers at the Institute for Studies decided to forego the now-standard ‘triple-cooking’ of chips and found that potatoes only need to be fried once to produce the desired result. Professor Henry Brubaker said: “If you slice potatoes and fry them a single time, you get chips. Perfectly delicious chips. “I have no idea why you’d do it twice more, unless you are some sort of imbecile.” Professory Brubaker confirmed that even if you were deep-frying a horse you would only need to do it once. He added: “Get oil, make hot, put thing in oil, take thing out, eat thing. “If Heston Blumenthal told you to punch yourself in the ear would you do that too?” 
Share:",0
6335,Donald Trump: China Effort on North Korea ‘Has Not Worked Out’ - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump appears disappointed in China’s efforts to stop continued aggression from North Korea. [“While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi  China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out,” he wrote on Twitter on Tuesday afternoon. “At least I know China tried!”  After meeting with President Xi Jinping in April, Trump appeared optimistic that China would help   North Korea’s actions in the region, even stalling some of his aggressive actions on trade. “Look, I’ve been talking about China for years,” he told Fox News host Martha MacCallum during an interview. “Now, I speak nicely about China because I really do believe they’re trying to help out with respect to North Korea. ” Trump also addressed reports of North Korea launching missiles in May, asserting that China was “trying hard” to get them to stop. Trump’s new focus on North Korea might have been sparked by the death of Otto Warmbier  —   an American student who died, despite coming home to the United States after spending more than a year in a coma in a North Korean prison. “It’s a total disgrace what happened to Otto,” Trump said on Tuesday. “It should never, ever be allowed to happen. And frankly, if he were brought home sooner, I think the results would have been a lot different. ”",0
6336,"While You Were Watching the World Series Some Very, Very Big News Broke","at 11:11 am 5 Comments 
While most Americans were captivated by last night’s World Series Game 7, some very, very big news broke. Normally, I’d summarize the news and provide my perspective before highlighting source text, but in this case I want to provide the information first. 
The real blockbuster came from Fox News’ Bret Baier, who released some serious information courtesy of two sources at the FBI. Real Clear Politics summarized Bret’s primary conclusions based on his conversations: 
1. The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far and has been going on for more than a year. 
2. The laptops of Clinton aides Cherryl Mills and Heather Samuelson have not been destroyed, and agents are currently combing through them. The investigation has interviewed several people twice, and plans to interview some for a third time. 
3. Agents have found emails believed to have originated on Hillary Clinton’s secret server on Anthony Weiner’s laptop. They say the emails are not duplicates and could potentially be classified in nature. 
4. Sources within the FBI have told him that an indictment is “likely” in the case of pay-for-play at the Clinton Foundation, “barring some obstruction in some way” from the Justice Department. 
5. FBI sources say with 99% accuracy that Hillary Clinton’s server has been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and that information had been taken from it. 
Here’s Bret Baier saying it in his own words: 
While Friday’s bombshell alerted the American public to the reopening of Hillary Clinton’s private email server probe, the Clinton Foundation investigation is a totally separate beast. It’s now clear that Hillary Clinton, and much of her close circle, are subject to two very serious ongoing investigations. As I explained in the post, Another Black Swan Hits the U.S. Presidential Election , this is very material to the Presidential election for the following reason: 
The problems with Hillary Clinton will never go away. They will always resurface or new problems will emerge, and it has nothing to do with a “vast rightwing conspiracy” (or Putin). It has to do with her. It has to do with the fact that her and her husband are career crooks, warmongers, and shameless looters of the American public. This re-opening of the FBI investigation just hammers all of that home for everyone. We know what 4 years of Hillary will look like. It’ll be Obama cronyism on steroids, plus endless investigations with a side of World War 3. I don’t think people want that, and so more Americans than the pundits realize will take a gamble on Trump. 
The latest revelations about the Clinton Foundation investigation just further hammers home the above point. 
Moreover, it’s becoming increasingly clear that political appointees at the Injustice Department like Loretta Lynch and Peter Kadzik (John Podesta’s close friend since the 1970s) have been trying to thwart probes into the dirtiness of the Clinton Foundation. I covered this earlier in the week in the post, The Story of How the DOJ Tried to Thwart an FBI Investigation Into the Clinton Foundation , but additional details have started to emerge. 
As we learned from yesterday’s CNN article, Turmoil in the FBI : 
Behind the scenes over the past 15 months, infighting among some agents and officials has exposed some parts of the storied bureau to be buffeted by some of the same bitter divisions as the rest of American society. 
This account is based on interviews with more than a dozen officials close to the matter who spoke anonymously because they’ve been ordered not to speak to the news media. 
Tensions have built in particular over the handling of matters related to Hillary Clinton. Some of the sharpest divides have emerged between some agents in the FBI’s New York field office, the bureau’s largest and highest-profile, and officials at FBI headquarters in Washington and at the Justice Department. 
Some rank-and-file agents interpreted cautious steps taken by the Justice Department and FBI headquarters as being done for political reasons or to protect a powerful political figure. At headquarters, some have viewed the actions and complaints of some agents in the field as driven by the common desire of investigators to get a big case or, perhaps worst, because of partisan views. 
Much of the turmoil centers not only on the handling of the probe into Clinton’s use of a private server while secretary of state, but also another case some FBI agents wanted to pursue into the Clinton Foundation and whether there was any impropriety in dealings with donors. 
In both cases, some FBI investigators felt stymied by headquarters and Justice Department officials and they interpreted roadblocks as politically partisan. 
During the Clinton email server investigation, investigators and prosecutors debated whether to issue subpoenas to Clinton’s aides, officials say. Leaders at the FBI and at the Justice Department thought it would be faster to come to voluntary agreements with aides. Subpoenas could cause delays, particularly if litigation is necessary, officials said. And the FBI and Justice Department wanted to try to complete the probe and get out of the way of the 2016 election. 
Now here’s where the Clinton Foundation probe comes into focus… 
In the Clinton Foundation probe, at least one FBI field office also received notification of a possible suspicious bank transaction. The transaction involving a Clinton Foundation donor was flagged in what is known as a suspicious activity report, routine notices sent through the Treasury Department’s financial enforcement arm. 
By early this year, FBI agents from four field offices — Los Angeles, Little Rock, Arkansas, Washington, D.C., and New York — had open files on the Clinton Foundation and were seeking to get permission to formally conduct investigations of the Clinton Foundation. 
In February, as CNN first reported, FBI criminal division leaders and lawyers met with the lawyers from the Justice Department’s public integrity section to present what was known so far and to seek permission to conduct full-blown investigations, including the ability to subpoena records. 
At that time, the Justice officials in the meeting advised FBI officials that there wasn’t sufficient evidence to move forward and declined to give the authorization for overt investigative techniques. Some officials described a contentious meeting with strong disagreement on both sides. 
Officials leading the meeting told the FBI that investigators hadn’t turned up much more evidence beyond that contained in “Clinton Cash.” 
FBI lawyers at headquarters concurred with the Justice Department’s view that agents be allowed to continue their work with the option to return if they found more evidence. 
In July, Comey made his announcement to recommend no charges against Clinton. 
At a Capitol Hill hearing days later, Comey told members of Congress that he was proud there had been no leaks of his decision. 
But blowback from some current and former agents was immediate. As Comey made his rounds of visits to field offices around the country, he heard stinging criticism, particularly from retired agents. 
At one meeting in Kansas City, Comey was confronted with stinging criticism of the probe. He pushed back, saying the career agents who knew the most of the case arrived at the conclusion that the case against Clinton wasn’t even a close call. 
FBI agents again pressed to take more overt steps in the Clinton Foundation probe, including possibly issuing subpoenas. 
Justice Department officials again opposed such moves. They cited, again, a lack of evidence to warrant more investigative steps. And they expressed concerns that with the election close, any overt actions shouldn’t be made until after Election Day. 
“It’s just a (message of) ‘hold right now until after the elections — no subpoenas issued, no interviews,” one law enforcement official familiar with the July decision said. 
So what conclusions can we draw from the above? First, it seems to confirm some of what Fox reported, namely that there is an ongoing investigation into the Clinton Foundation. That’s important in its own right for the reasons I explained earlier. The second bit of information is new. We learned that Justice Department officials “ expressed concerns that with the election close, any overt actions shouldn’t be made until after Election Day.” The pieces are finally coming together… 
Specifically, one of the more interesting aspects of last night’s news is the increased willingness of FBI agents to break protocol and speak to the media about ongoing investigations. Why would they do that? They seem to be doing it due to continued concerns over political interference from the Justice Department (and possibly FBI headquarters) into various investigations into the workings of an extremely powerful political-oligarch family. They are rightly troubled by what a President Clinton could do to any investigation if she’s elected. As such, they are trying to get their concerns out to the public ahead of time. 
I’ve been watching all of this develop for some time, and I wrote two prior articles on the topic. Here they are in case you missed them: 
October 18, 2016: Internal Anger at the FBI Over Clinton Investigation Continues to Grow 
So what’s going on is extremely serious, and many within the FBI appear to be acutely concerned that the perception of the rule of law will be permanently destroyed if Clinton gets into the White House and shuts down all investigations into her and her inner circle. Martin Armstrong summarized the situation perfectly in a blog post earlier today: 
The Department of Justice is so compromised with Lynch at the head it is getting to be absurd. Peter J. Kadzik is the Assistant Attorney General for Legislative Affairs at the Department of Justice (DOJ). Clearly, there is an internal war going on as I reported. Now that the FBI has over the 650,000 emails uncovered in Anthony Weiner’s notebook, which Huma Abedin failed to turnover to Congress claiming she had no idea how they got there. The US Justice Department announced it is now also joining the probe to dedicate all necessary resources to quickly clear Hillary, up pops the conflict of interest. In the letter to Congress, the DOJ person to aid this investigation to clear Hillary by the election, is Assistant Attorney General Peter J. Kadzik who wrote to the House and Senate lawmakers. 
This is Podesta’s friend for dinner who goes to his house. Plus, Peter Kadzik donated $250 to Hillary also noted in Podesta’s spreadsheet . Kadzik and Podesta were classmates at Georgetown Law School back in the 1970s and have been good friends ever since. In fact, Kadzik represented Podesta during the Monica Lewinsky investigation and Podesta wrote that Kadzik was a “fantastic lawyer” who “kept me out of jail.” It was also Kadzik who lobbied Podesta for Marc Rich to obtain a pardon for a fugitive when you have to show remorse to get a pardon. Never has a Pardon been granted to a fugitive in this manner. Then Kadzik’s wife, Amy Weiss of Weiss Public Affairs, worked on the 1992 Clinton/Gore Campaign as a Press Secretary. She was the Communications Director for the Democratic National Committee, and on top of that, she was White House Deputy Assistant to the President Bill Clinton. It gets better. Another email sent on May 5, 2015 , Kadzik’s son asked Podesta for a job on the Clinton campaign. This is the independent person appointed by Lynch to clear Hillary? Come on! This is outright in your face corruption. 
Why would the DOJ pick such a conflicted person? The answer is obvious. They want to CLEAR Hillary no matter what. Kadzik is there to now counteract anything Comey does because there is really an internal war waging in Washington. The screams from behind the curtain are getting deafening. It is so disgusting that we are witnessing the complete collapse of anything pretended to be the rule of law. The status quo, including George Bush Sr, are all backing Hillary so there is NOTHING that will change and they all live fat and happy off of our taxes and legal oppression. This is really becoming a battle to save the country from the privileged establishment. They milk us like cows and send our boys into battle with lies and propaganda to enrich themselves. I lost half my school friends to Vietnam when Lyndon Johnson even said in 1965 the Vietnamese never attacked us; “For all I know, our navy was shooting at whales out there.” ( source ) 
I also covered the disturbing crony relationships between the DOJ/FBI and Clinton’s inner circle in recent weeks. For more on that, see:",0
6337,Eisenhower's Meetings With Extraterrestrials Are Only The Tip Of The Iceberg,"Eisenhower's Meetings With Extraterrestrials Are Only The Tip Of The Iceberg Please scroll down for video 
On December the 11th 1984, a television producer and UFO researcher called Jamie Shandera was surprised to find an envelope left anonymously for him to find. The envelope would prove to be a revelation for Shandera who found that it contained copies of top secret documents intended for the former President Dwight Eisenhower. These documents referred to the presence of extra-terrestrials here on Earth and strongly suggested that the president had been dealing with them. President Eisenhower’s great-granddaughter speaks out about the secret alien meetings 
The FBI took it upon themselves to investigate the documents but following a thorough investigation they claimed that the documents were nothing more than an elaborate hoax. Most people accepted the FBI’s explanation at face value and it might have been the case that nothing more would have been said about these unusual documents. However, this story has remained prominent for ufologists over the years because of the regularity in which other credible individuals have elaborated on Shandera’s story and furnished it with important details. 
One of these individuals is Timothy Good – a former government consultant in the United States. 
President Eisenhower suddenly went missing on the evening of February 20th 1954. In order to dispel the rumours that he was taken ill or that he had died, his official staff said that the president was undergoing emergency dental work. But according to Good, this story is nonsense. Eisenhower had actually been hurried away to an emergency meeting with delegates from an alien race from the Pleiades star cluster. These aliens, whose vivid blue eyes, pale skin and blonde hair has earned them the sobriquet of the ‘Nordics’ are believed to be a peace loving species. They offered humanity assistance with technology and medical knowledge so long as human beings agreed to turn away from fossil fuels and nuclear weapons technology. Their terms were not agreed to at this meeting. 
Following the refusal of the Nordics proposals, a second alien race is said to have made contact with humanity and offered their own deal. This race, known as the Tall Greys (or simply the Greys) offered Eisenhower access to highly advanced technology on the proviso that the United States would give the Greys leeway to abduct and perform experiments on civilians before wiping their memories and returning them to Earth. It is said that Eisenhower grudging accepted this deal . 
While it might seem extraordinarily callous for a sitting president to put his civilians in such danger, others have been sympathetic to Eisenhower’s dilemma. The deal came as the Cold War was growing tenser and it is assumed that if Eisenhower had refused the offer from the Greys that they would have contacted his counter-part in the Soviet Union and gifted them with extraordinarily advanced technology instead. 
The Nordics continued their contact with human beings despite the fact that the government of the United States had entered into a pact with the Greys, an alien species the Nordics distrust. One such Nordic alien is referred to as ‘Valiant Thor’ who first appeared in 1957 in a quiet field, where he found a policeman and demanded to be taken to the president. Over the next three years, he attended meetings of high political importance in the United States and met with various other private individuals, including the creator of Star Trek, Gene Roddenberry. 
Perhaps most compellingly of all is the testimony from Eisenhower’s own great-granddaughter, Laura who says that she has no doubt that the meetings between her great-grandfather and the two alien races took place. “It’s like there is this whole other reality going on that we don’t hear about!” she said, “These timelines and the deeper history connected to secret societies, connected to these deeper ET agendas that have been around for thousands of years!” According to Laura Eisenhower, the deal with the Greys has led the United States into a number of bizarre and highly dangerous secret space programs. She says that the actions of her great-grandfather should now serve as a warning about the dangers of the power and influence of the military industrial complex. 
This article (Eisenhower's Meetings With Extraterrestrials Are Only The Tip Of The Iceberg) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv 136316",0
6338,BREAKING: Hillary’s State Department Spent $9.2 Million Hiring the Terrorists Who Attacked Americans in Benghazi,"“What difference, at this point, does it make?” 
Remember those infamous and wretched words? Of course you do. We all do. Those were the words uttered by Hillary Clinton when she was desperately trying to spin her way through a committee hearing on Benghazi.
And as anyone not named Hillary Clinton or anyone not on her corrupt payroll knows, it makes a lot of difference . This because Americans died. They died at the hands of terrorists on Hillary’s watch.
New information is now out about some of the individuals who were paid to guard/protect state department employees at the special missions compound where the terrorist attack occurred and it’s not pretty. Turns out Hillary’s state department spent $9.2 million on a contract for guards, many of whom turned out to be the very terrorists who attacked the compound, killing our ambassador and other Americans in the process.
Via Fox News .
“Many of the local Libyans who attacked the consulate on the night of Sept. 11, 2012, were the actual guards that the State Department under Hillary Clinton hired to protect the Consulate in Benghazi,” Tiegen told Fox News. “The guards were unvetted and were locals with basically no background at all in providing security. Most of them never had held a job in security in the past.
“Blue Mountain Libya, at the time of being awarded the contract by our State Department, had no employees so they quickly had to find people to work, regardless of their backgrounds,” he said.
One former guard who witnessed the attack, Weeam Mohamed, confirmed in an email sent to the Citizens Commission on Benghazi and obtained by Fox News, that at least four of the guards hired by Blue Mountain took part in the attack after opening doors to allow their confederates in.
“In the U.S. Mission, there were four people [who] belonged to the battalion February 17,” Mohamed wrote to the Commission, an independent body formed with Accuracy in Media to investigate the attack and the administration’s handling of it.
Again, it makes a lot of difference.
",0
6339,Trump: I’m Reopening 9/11 Investigation,"Trump: I’m Reopening 9/11 Investigation
If this account is true–unless Trump merely intends to blame the Saudis which would be a continuation of the cover-up in different clothes–the CIA, Mossad, and the neocon nazis will kill him before he is inaugerated. 
http://investmentwatchblog.com/trump-im-reopening-911-investigation/ 
The post Trump: I’m Reopening 9/11 Investigation appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
6340,ESPN Gives Tim Tebow a Contract Extension - Breitbart,"During a time when sports journalists seem to be getting laid off left and right, Tim Tebow, between playing minor league baseball, analyzing college football for the SEC Network, and writing books, has established himself as perhaps the most   man in sports media. [On Monday, Tebow received news that he will stay busy for the foreseeable future.  According to Pro Football Talk, “ESPN announced (Monday) that it has extended Tebow’s contract, and he’ll keep working on the SEC Network as a college football studio commentator, and also work on the college football playoff. ” ESPN Senior VP of Event and Studio Production, Stephanie Druley explained the network’s decision to extend Tebow, “Tim brings a wealth of knowledge and passion to his analysis of college football and surprised many fans with his strong opinions and engaging presence on SEC Nation. His unique experiences within the SEC and his broad national fan base are huge assets to SEC Nation and ESPN’s larger CFP coverage. ” Tebow, understandably, approves of ESPN’s decision. The former Heisman winner said, “Over the last three years, ESPN and the SEC Nation crew have become like family. I love the passion that SEC fans bring to our set every Saturday morning, and I look forward to continuing to share my own love of the game with fans on ESPN and SEC Network. ” ESPN laid off a lot of good people over the last couple weeks, while retaining too many of the personalities who gave the network a dirty name. However, in this case, they got it right. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn",0
6341,Russian Spacecraft Carrying Supplies Burns Up in Flight - The New York Times,"A Russian spacecraft carrying 2. 6 tons of food, fuel and supplies  —   but no astronauts  —   to the International Space Station failed to reach orbit on Thursday and largely burned up in the atmosphere as it fell back down. Roscosmos, the Russian space agency, reported that a Soyuz rocket carrying the Progress 65 cargo ship successfully lifted off from Kazakhstan. The first six minutes and 22 seconds of the flight proceeded normally. But shortly after the upper stage separated from the core booster, flight telemetry stopped, leaving ground controllers confused about what had happened. Roscosmos later confirmed that the Progress 65 and its cargo had been destroyed, with the failure occurring about 120 miles over Tuva, a Russian republic in southern Siberia. The six astronauts at the space station  —   three Russian, two American and one French  —   are safe and have adequate supplies, Roscosmos and NASA said. The cargo included 1, 400 pounds of propellant, 112 pounds of oxygen, 925 pounds of water, and 2, 750 pounds of spare parts, supplies and scientific experiment hardware. NASA said the Progress was not carrying any supplies crucial for the United States side of the space station. A Japanese cargo ship is scheduled to launch and head to the space station on Dec. 9. Space station managers will have to do some juggling of plans and adjust coming cargo flights. This is the fourth loss of a spacecraft carrying cargo to the space station in the past 25 months. In October 2014, an Antares rocket built by Orbital ATK exploded six seconds after it lifted off in Virginia. Six months later, a Russian Progress cargo ship spun out of control. Then, a Falcon 9 rocket built by SpaceX disintegrated during flight. Before that, the space station program had experienced the loss of only one cargo ship  —   another Progress, in August 2011  —   in nearly 16 years. This fall, President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia called for accelerated construction at a new launch site to replace the current Cosmodrome, which Russia leases from Kazakhstan. The financially ailing Russian space program will temporarily reduce the number of crew members to two from three at the space station next year. In recent months, the flow of supplies to the space station appeared to be getting back on track. An Antares rocket with different engines successfully reached the space station in October. Several Progress ships successfully ferried cargo to the space station before Thursday’s failure. SpaceX’s Falcon 9 also resumed flights but then was grounded again after one of the Falcon 9 rockets exploded on the launchpad during fueling for an engine test. SpaceX is now aiming to resume the launching of commercial satellites this month, and its next cargo flight is planned for January 2017. NASA officials now seem prescient in asking Orbital ATK to launch its next cargo mission with an Atlas 5 rocket, built by United Launch Alliance, rather than an Antares rocket. Although the redesigned Antares worked well, the Atlas 5 has a long, successful track record and it can lift a heavier payload, allowing NASA to pack in more supplies. That mission is to take off in the spring.",0
6342,"Blame Government, Not Markets for Monopoly","Email 
When Time-Warner announced it planned to merge with another major communications firm, many feared the new company would exercise near-total monopoly power. These concerns led some to call for government action to block the merger in order to protect both Time-Warner's competitors and consumers. 
No, I am not talking about Time-Warner’s recent announced plan to merge with AT&T, but the reaction to Time-Warner’s merger with (then) Internet giant AOL in 2000. Far from creating an untouchable leviathan crushing all competitors, the AOL-Time-Warner merger fell apart in under a decade. 
The failure of AOL-Time-Warner demonstrates that even the biggest companies are vulnerable to competition if there is open entry into the marketplace. AOL-Time-Warner failed because consumers left them for competitors offering lower prices and/or better quality. 
Corporate mergers and “hostile” takeovers can promote economic efficiency by removing inefficient management and boards of directors. These managers and board members often work together to promote their own interests instead of generating maximum returns for investors by providing consumers with affordable, quality products. Thus, laws making it difficult to launch a ""hostile"" takeover promote inefficient use of resources and harm investors, workers, and consumers. 
Monopolies and cartels are creations of government, not markets. For example, the reason the media is dominated by a few large companies is that no one can operate a television or radio station unless they obtain federal approval and pay federal licensing fees. Similarly, anyone wishing to operate a cable company must not only comply with federal regulations, they must sign a “franchise” agreement with their local government. Fortunately, the Internet has given Americans greater access to news and ideas shut out by the government-licensed lapdogs of the ""mainstream"" media. This may be why so many politicians are anxious to regulate the web. 
Government taxes and regulations are effective means of limiting competition in an industry. Large companies can afford the costs of complying with government regulations, costs which cripple their smaller competitors. Big business can also afford to hire lobbyists to ensure that new laws and regulations favor big business. 
Examples of regulations that benefit large corporations include the Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) regulations that raise costs of developing a new drug, as well as limit consumers ability to learn about natural alternatives to pharmaceuticals. Another example is the Dodd-Frank legislation, which has strengthened large financial intuitions while harming their weaker competitors. 
Legislation forcing consumers to pay out-of-state sales tax on their online purchases is a classic case of business seeking to use government to harm less politically-powerful competitors. This legislation is being pushed by large brick-and-mortar stores and Internet retailers who are seeking a government-granted advantage over smaller competitors. 
Many failed mergers and acquisitions result from the distorted signals sent to business and investors by the Federal Reserve’s inflationary monetary policy. Perhaps the most famous example of this is the AOL-Time-Warner fiasco, which was a direct result of the Fed-created dot.com bubble. 
In a free market , mergers between businesses enable consumers to benefit from new products and reduced prices. Any businesses that charge high prices or offer substandard products will soon face competition from businesses offering consumers lower prices and/or higher quality. Monopolies only exist when government tilts the playing field in favor of well-connected crony capitalists. Therefore those concerned about excessive corporate power should join supporters of the free market in repudiating the regulations, taxes, and subsides that benefit politically-powerful businesses. The most important step is to end the boom-bust business cycle by ending the Federal Reserve . 
Article reposted with permission from The Ron Paul Institute Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .",0
6343,Leaked Audio Of Hillary Clinton Proposing ‘Rigging Election’,"Posted on October 29, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in News , US // 0 Comments 
Hillary Clinton proposed rigging a foreign election in a 2006 meeting with Jewish Press editors, and now the leaked audio has been posted on the web to prove it. 
Speaking to the editorial board of the Jewish Press at their office in Brooklyn, Clinton also said it was a mistake to allow Palestinians to hold a democratic election. 
“ I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake ,” said Senator Clinton. “ And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win. ” 
The audio tape was never released and has only been heard by the small handful of Jewish Press staffers in the room. According to Eli Chomsky, an editor and writer, his audiocassette is the only recording of the meeting. 
Nobody had heard it since 2006 – until today when he released it to the world. However mainstream media have attempted to blacklist the story, and Control The Record employees have been actively working to remove it from internet forums and social media. 
The tape is 45 minutes and contains much that is no longer relevant, but Clinton’s casually delivered comments about denying Palestinians democratic elections – stating that if they must have them, they should be rigged – has taken on new relevance in the midst of persistent allegations from Republicans that the Clinton camp is attempting to rig the Nov. 8 election. 
Fixing foreign elections 
Recalling the 2006 meeting, Chomsky says he was taken aback that “ anyone could support the idea—offered by a national political leader, no less—that the U.S. should be in the business of fixing foreign elections .” 
Clinton also discussed the problem of global terror, and articulated phrases that Trump has accused her being reluctant to use publicly. 
“ I think you can make the case that whether you call it ‘Islamic terrorism’ or ‘Islamo-fascism,’ whatever the label is we’re going to give to this phenomenon, it’s a threat. It’s a global threat. To Europe, to Israel, to the United States…Therefore we need a global response. It’s a global threat and it needs a global response. 
Chomsky is then heard asking Clinton a question about potential conflict in Syria – and Clinton gives him an entirely different answer to the public position she is pushing now. In fact, she sounds just like Donald Trump does in 2016. 
“ Do you think it’s worth talking to Syria—both from the U.S. point [of view] and Israel’s point [of view]? ” 
Clinton replied, “ You know, I’m pretty much of the mind that I don’t see what it hurts to talk to people. As long as you’re not stupid and giving things away. I mean, we talked to the Soviet Union for 40 years. They invaded Hungary, they invaded Czechoslovakia, they persecuted the Jews, they invaded Afghanistan, they destabilized governments, they put missiles 90 miles from our shores, we never stopped talking to them.” 
The conversation moves on, but then Clinton returns to the topic. “ But if you say, ‘they’re evil, we’re good, [and] we’re never dealing with them,’ I think you give up a lot of the tools that you need to have in order to defeat them…So I would like to talk to you [the enemy] because I want to know more about you. Because if I want to defeat you, I’ve got to know something more about you. I need different tools to use in my campaign against you. That’s my take on it. ” 
Chomsky said that he held onto the tapes for all of these years due the Jewish Press’s reluctance to “ say anything offensive about anybody, ” but in the current election rigging climate he considered the contents of the tape to be in the national interest. 
“ I went to my bosses at the time, ” Chomsky said. “ The Jewish Press had this mindset that they would not want to say anything offensive about anybody—even a direct quote from anyone—in a position of influence because they might need them down the road. My bosses didn’t think it was newsworthy at the time. I was convinced that it was and I held onto it all these years .”",0
6344,Worst Of Saudi Economic Slump Yet To Come,"Worst Of Saudi Economic Slump Yet To Come 11/07/2016 
PRESS TV 
Experts say the outlook for Saudi economic recovery will remain murky for many months to come with some even warning that the worst of the economic slump for the kingdom is yet to come. 
Reuters in a report quoted several Riyadh-based experts as saying that there would be a high degree of uncertainty over the status of the Saudi economy in 2017. That would mainly be a result of the remaining challenges from the private sector. 
The Saudi economy may appear to have escaped a fiscal and currency crisis that loomed at the start of 2016. However, experts said, threats from certain basic problems still remain and will haunt the kingdom next year. 
The government owes its success to temporarily escape crisis to unpaid bills rather than sustainable spending cuts. 
The government has reduced or suspended payments that it owed to construction firms, medical establishments and even some of the foreign consultants who helped to design the economic reforms, Reuters added quoting the experts. The estimated unpaid dues for construction firms alone totaled 80 billion riyals. 
Experts further warned that this could store up obligations for Riyadh in the future. 
Reuters elsewhere emphasized that signs of the economic slump could be seen in Riyadh and other major cities, where discounts of 50 percent or more are offered by stores selling clothes and consumer electronics, and there is a surge in people offering second-hand cars for sale. 
The biggest uncertainty may be how authorities can push through a key part of their reform drive, added the report. The most important issue for the Saudis may be determining how they plan to foster a vibrant private sector that does not depend on oil revenues while at the same pushing ahead austerity policies that are suppressing private demand. 
Experts also warned that the status of the Saudi job market over the next few years. Between 1 million and 2 million of Saudi Arabia’s 10 million foreign workers may leave over the next couple of years as the economic slowdown causes lay-offs and the government seeks to steer Saudi citizens into jobs previously held by foreigners, Reuters added.",0
6346,NFL Support of Colin Kaepernick Tanked 2016 TV Ratings - Breitbart,"A large share of fans responded to the NFL’s tacit endorsement of Colin Kaepernick’s   message by refusing to   to games, prompting a huge decline in TV ratings. [Aside from his disrespect for the national anthem, the San Francisco 49ers quarterback also sparked outrage by donning socks embroidered with pigs wearing police uniforms.  Early in the season, ESPN and network broadcasts never missed an opportunity to spotlight Kaepernick and his followers taking a knee during the   ritual. Fans, though, saw Kaepernick’s protest as thumbing his nose at America. As a result, regular season ratings for 2016 dropped 8% to 16. 5 million viewers per game from the 17. 9 million who watched games during the 2015 NFL campaign. The NFL and its associate broadcasters preferred to blame the decline in this year’s viewership on the presidential election, but the data doesn’t support their claim. Although a pickup in ratings occurred after the election ended, viewership compared to the same duration in 2015 still showed a drop. As Breitbart News reported last week, “When you compare viewership numbers after this year’s election against last year’s 2015 NFL season numbers during the same period of time, per game viewership declined by approximately 4 percent from 19. 24 million viewers in 2015 to this year’s 18. 43 million. Quick arithmetic calculates the NFL lost over 800, 000 viewers since last year during the same period. ” Nevertheless, the Daily Caller reports that despite the steep decline in viewership the NFL takes in more revenue  than any other professional sports league thanks to   dollar TV contracts. NBC, CBS, Fox and ESPN coughed up a stunning $7. 3 billion to broadcast the gridiron gladiators in 2014 alone.",0
6348,REPORT: ICE Failures Under Obama Leave 2.2 Million ’Supervised’ Aliens on Streets,"A new report from U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s (ICE) Office of Inspector General (OIG) reveals startling failures during the Obama Administration that allowed 2. 2 million deportable aliens to remain on the streets in a “supervised” status. Aliens with criminal convictions accounted for nearly 400, 000 of that total. [The report (attached below) issued by ICE Inspector General (IG) John Roth last week details several failures under the previous administration that built a tremendous backlog for deportation officers (DO). Those failures include imbalanced workloads for DOs, unachievable goals, a lack of clear policies and procedures, and insufficient training.  ICE deportation officers work on deporting aliens who are in a detained or   status. This report focuses on the efforts by ICE DOs working with the immigration court’s   docket. The   aliens are considered to be under “supervision,” Roth states in his memorandum dated April 13. His report covers the period where massive numbers of Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) and Family Unit Aliens (FMUA) began crossing the borders in 2014. During FY 2014, Border Patrol agents apprehended nearly a   illegal border crossers, a 16 percent increase over the previous year and a 34 percent increase over FY 2012, the report states. The surge led to a tremendous increase in workload for ICE DOs charged with detaining, deporting, and supervising these aliens. As a result, the Obama Administration announced its “Priority Enforcement Program” (PEP) in November 2014 claiming to focus on the removal of certain criminal aliens including those convicted of felonies, multiple misdemeanors, and “significant” misdemeanors (e. g. domestic violence, sexual abuse, and sexual exploitation). It also prioritized aliens who entered, or   the country illegally and could not prove continuous presence since January 1, 2014. Breitbart Texas    Brandon Darby reported on the PEP, calling it “catch and release 2. 0. ”  Border Patrol agents and sheriff’s across the southwest complained that the Obama Administration placed handcuffs on law enforcement instead of the criminals. As a result of this failed program, ICE DOs are now supervising more than 2. 2 million aliens as of the end of August 2016. Of that number, 368, 574 of the aliens are convicted criminals. During FY 2015, the first year of the PEP, ICE DOs removed or returned only 235, 413 aliens  —   including 139, 368 convicted criminals. The ICE OIG report details systematic failures within the organization that creates inefficiencies in capturing and removing “supervised” aliens. ICE does not collect and analyze data about employee workloads to determine where resources should be applied and apply reasonably achievable caseloads for DOs, the report concludes. Roth continues, stating that ICE failed to provide “  policies and procedures” to its employees. The agency also neglected to communicate the department’s priorities for deportation to its officers. “These management deficiencies and unresolved obstacles make it difficult for ICE to deport aliens expeditiously,” Roth stated. “ICE is almost certainly not deporting all the aliens who could be deported and will likely not be able to keep up with growing numbers of deportable aliens. ” Case Workload Disparity, Roth cites an imbalance between caseloads assigned to DOs working   aliens and those assigned to supervise detained aliens. He said that despite the different requirements for supervising the two classifications of aliens, ICE could not explain the reasons for manpower assignments in the locations visited during the inspection. “Many of those working with   aliens reported they had difficulty fulfilling all their responsibilities, such as working with embassies and consulates to obtain travel documents necessary for deportation, interviewing aliens under their supervision, and running criminal checks on aliens in their docket,” Roth wrote in the report. “Yet, ICE has not collected or analyzed workload data to determine the time and effort DOs need to adequately supervise and facilitate the deportation of   aliens. Without workload data, ICE cannot ensure its caseload distribution is balanced and that   workloads are achievable. ICE also cannot measure performance and apply lessons learned to ensure effective and efficient supervision and deportation of aliens. ” “ICE personnel at all four field offices agreed that the workloads of DOs supervising   aliens are unmanageable, yet ICE has not tried to determine what is achievable and what would alleviate the burden,” the IG continued. The OIG report supports this, stating that DOs are frequently asked to perform “collateral” duties including: Across the board, Roth reported that DOs report they do not have the time necessary to obtain required travel documents to deport the aliens under their supervision. “According to the DOs, their collateral duties leave them time only to deal with daily scheduled   appointments and unscheduled visits by aliens, answer phone calls from aliens, and input new cases into the electronic system,” the report explains. “One DO also reported that because of competing work responsibilities criminal background checks are not conducted every time a   alien checks in with the field office. ” Roth states in the report that ICE management fails to adequately collect data to determine how much staff is needed to handle the   aliens under their supervision.  He continues explaining that in 2009, ICE did develop a staffing model to reorganize the DOs throughout filed offices. However, the staffing model “has never been used to allocate human resources at field offices. ” Unclear Policies and Procedures Combines with Insufficient Training, Roth’s report points out the agencies failure to adequately communicate its policies or to provide DOs with readily accessible guidelines to assist the DOs in supervising and deporting aliens. “Guidance is often communicated to field office personnel orally or by email, rather than through formal, documented policies and procedures,” the IG report states. “These deficiencies hinder proper supervision of   aliens, including those who may be fugitives or who commit crimes. Field office staff confirmed that ICE’s available policies and procedures did not help them properly manage their   cases. ” The report confirms that the ICE deportation policies and procedures are “outdated and unclear. ” “Officials we interviewed said ICE considers the 2003 Detention and Removal Operations Policy and Procedure Manual (manual) ‘the official guide’ to operations,” Roth explained, “but ICE has not periodically reviewed the manual or revised it since 2008. ” He said that rather than properly amend and update the manual, ICE officials would simply “affix a memo to the front of the appropriate chapter” to indicate changes in policies. Because of the failure to properly manage and communicate policies and changes, ICE field office policies and procedures tended to vary widely from office to office. The report accuses management providing inadequate training and incomplete documentation of training for DOs. “From July to September 2016, ICE headquarters scheduled   training for all 24 field offices but did not plan for recurring training nor document training attendance to ensure all required staff attended,” Roth stated. “In our opinion, the training did not fully cover all necessary information. ” Complicated Deportations, The report explains complications in attempting to deport aliens to certain countries. It states that for some nations, it is nearly impossible to repatriate foreign nationals. The report stipulates: For ICE to deport an alien to his or her home country, the country must agree to repatriation. As of August 2016, ICE had identified 23 “uncooperative” countries to which it generally cannot deport aliens. To help deport aliens to these countries ICE may request diplomatic intervention by the Department of State, which determines whether and what action to take against the country. ICE officials also said that some countries, such as China, Bangladesh, and India, restrict the number of aliens for whom they will issue travel documents and accept for repatriation. Finally, ICE has identified 62 countries that are cooperative, but with which it has experienced delays in obtaining required travel documents. Deporting aliens to these 62 countries also requires more time and effort working with embassies and consulates to obtain travel documents and approval for alien repatriation. In July 2016, Senator John Cornyn ( ) introduced a bill to provide remedies for countries that refuse to accept the deportation of their citizens, Breitbart Texas’ Lana Shadwick reported. The measure is similar to legislation filed by Representative Ted Poe ( ) that called for restricting diplomatic visas to countries that deny or unreasonably delay the repatriation of their citizens subject to deportation from the U. S. “The bill would require that the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) establish procedures to determine whether a foreign country systematically and unreasonably refuses or delays the repatriation of nationals who are in the United States, and have been convicted of a felony or crime of violence, or are a threat to national security or public safety,” a statement from the Senator Cornyn’s office reported. “Once it has been established that a country meets this criteria, DHS and the State Department would then notify their government that the United States may deny visas to their citizens. ” That same month, the Center for Immigration Studies’ Jessica Vaughn reported that nearly 1, 000, 000 illegal aliens ignored deportation orders from an immigration judge, including nearly 200, 000 criminal aliens. Her report confirms the refusal of countries to accept repatriation as one of the primary causes contributing to the hi number of   by ICE. Report Conclusions: Roth’s report concludes with a statement indicating inadequacies in ICE’s management of the agency’s deportation operations. “These weaknesses are hampering ICE’s ability to adequately supervise aliens awaiting immigration hearings, as well as efforts to deport those who should be deported, including some convicted criminals,” the IG concluded. “Factors beyond ICE’s control may virtually prohibit www. oig. dhs. gov 9    OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL Department of Homeland Security deportation to some countries. In general, however, a more organized, diligent, and complete approach to management would help ICE deport aliens expeditiously and keep up with growing numbers of aliens who should be deported. ” The report, attached below, lists a series of recommendations: Recommendation 1: Comprehensively review, revise, update, and maintain ICE Enforcement and Removal Operations policies, procedures, and guidance to address gaps and outdated information. Recommendation 2: Comprehensively review Deportation Officer functions at field offices to determine staffing allocations for   units and identify appropriately sized caseloads for Deportation Officers working with nondetained aliens. Recommendation 3: Based on a completed comprehensive review, develop a plan to identify and implement appropriate staffing of Deportation Officers. Recommendation 4: Develop a standardized training curriculum for all current and future Deportation Officers, including recurrent refresher training courses for docket review and detained and   case management. Recommendation 5: Collaborate with the Department of State to identify potential mechanisms to address issues that hinder deportation efforts. ICE officials concurred with all five recommendations contained in the report, Roth stated. Management states they have begun implementing changes to correct the identified weaknesses. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook. ICE OIG Report on Deportation Operations  —   13APR17,  ",0
6349,Poland Exhumes Ex-President’s Body in Inquiry of 2010 Plane Crash - The New York Times,"WARSAW  —   The bodies of Poland’s former president and his wife were exhumed Monday evening as part of an investigation into an April 2010 plane crash in Russia that killed the couple  —   after years of speculation, backed by little evidence, that the crash was not an accident. Over the next two months, prosecutors appointed by Poland’s   governing party plan to examine the remains of 83 of the 96 people who died in the crash, starting with the former president, Lech Kaczynski, and his wife, Maria. The couple’s bodies were interred in a crypt in a cathedral in Krakow, near the tombs of Poland’s kings and heroes like the military commander Thaddeus Kosciuszko and the poet Adam Mickiewicz. Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the former president’s twin brother and the leader of the ruling Law and Justice Party, was on hand for the ceremony, at the Wawel Cathedral. The party has long insisted that investigations by Poland’s former government and the Russian authorities failed to unearth the true cause of the crash. Reopening the investigation was one of the first acts of the new government after assuming power a year ago. So far, the party has offered little more than speculation about what might have caused the crash, pointing to discrepancies in paperwork and supposed missing seconds on flight data recordings to hint that something nefarious must have occurred. Two previous investigations  —   one by the Polish authorities under the previous government and one by the Russian authorities  —   found that the crash was an accident. But supporters of the Law and Justice Party have offered other potential theories. Some believe that Russians caused the plane to crash in heavy fog at a disused military airfield near Smolensk as the Polish leaders were arriving to join a commemoration of a   massacre of thousands of members of Poland’s military and political elite in the Katyn Forest in 1940. Others suspect that a bomb was hidden on the plane, and still others say the crash resulted from negligence by the former Polish government. So far, though, no credible evidence has been released to support those theories. A film called “Smolensk,” based on the bomb theory, was released this year in Poland and given a gala premiere at Warsaw’s opera house, attended by President Andrzej Duda. And some Law and Justice officials have talked about putting the former Prime Minister Donald Tusk  —   now the president of the European Council, which comprises the leaders of the 28 member states of the European Union  —   on trial for what they say is his role in the crash. One of Mr. Tusk’s top aides is already on trial over claims of negligence in preparations for the visit. The aide faces up to three years in prison. The Kaczynskis were exhumed in the presence of prosecutors, priests and family members. Marek Pasionek, the deputy prosecutor general of Poland, said the autopsies were crucial because of “numerous violations” found in medical documents prepared by the Russian authorities six years ago. Despite initial claims made by Mr. Tusk’s   government that Polish representatives had participated in the initial autopsies in Russia, Mr. Pasionek said that only Russian officials had conducted the examinations. He also said the coffins were sealed before the bodies were returned to Poland. Mr. Pasionek, who is responsible for the investigation, said that court medical experts had found mistakes in 90 percent of the medical records sent by Russia. Further, he said, when nine bodies were exhumed by prosecutors under the previous government, it turned out that six had been misidentified. The decision to exhume the bodies has been vigorously opposed by many of the victims’ families. More than 200 relatives of 17 victims wrote an open letter last month to the Roman Catholic Church, which holds significant influence over Poland’s   government, to join them in opposing the exhumations. “Six years after those tragic days, we are standing alone and helpless against a ruthless and cruel act,” they wrote. “Our loved ones are to be taken out of their graves, in spite of a sacred taboo that forbids disturbing the peace of the dead. ” Pawel Deresz, a journalist whose wife, a leading   politician, died in the crash, was one of the signers of the letter. He said he had also complained to the Mr. Pasionek’s boss, Justice Minister Zbigniew Ziobro. If that complaint is denied, he said, he plans to sue. “I think it would be fair to exhume bodies of those victims whose relatives support this action, but the rest of us should be left alone,” Mr. Deresz said. Mr. Pasionek said there would always be doubt in some minds until every stone is turned. “If we don’t examine and gather all the evidence that is possible to retrieve at this stage, there will always be some doubts,” he said. “We will look for possible traces of explosives, but if we don’t find them, we will eliminate the possibility of an attack on the plane. ” Magdalena Merta  —   whose husband, Tomasz Merta, a Culture Ministry official, died in the crash  —   said that she wanted to know if “it is my husband who lies in our family vault. ” “Six years ago, the previous government blatantly lied to us when they claimed that they had witnessed the autopsies performed by Russians,” Ms. Merta said. “I don’t know why they lied, but it is clear that they defended Russian interests. They acted as an ally of Russians, not Poles. ” In the years after the crash, a team of experts led by Antoni Macierewicz, who is now the defense minister, claimed that the plane had been brought down by explosives brought on board. Experts working with Mr. Macierewicz even suggested that Russia had pumped artificial fog over the runway. They tried to prove their theories, in one instance, by boiling sausages and noting that the split along the length of a cooked sausage matched a gash in the plane’s fuselage, indicating that high heat was involved. Independent experts found this evidence dubious at best. And while Mr. Macierewicz claimed over the years to have “irrefutable evidence” of explosives, his experts have yet to produce it. Since 2010, Law and Justice supporters have gathered outside Poland’s presidential palace every month to commemorate the crash and remember its victims. At the most recent gathering, last Thursday, Mr. Kaczynski told the crowd that “Poland will not be truly free without learning the truth” about the crash. “We want our fight for the truth to be revealed, for the victims of the Smolensk tragedy to be venerated, for monuments to be put up,” he said. Critics of Mr. Kaczynski’s inquiry into his brother’s death say it has been used by the governing party to rally its base, divert the public’s attention and discredit opposition politicians. Mr. Deresz said Mr. Kaczynski’s party had won parliamentary elections by “dividing the Polish people and promising to find the truth” about the crash. “They claim that it was a terrorist attack” orchestrated by President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and Mr. Tusk, he said. “I mean this is madness. This is true Smolensk insanity. ”",0
6350,Dow higher as Boeing gains offset Apple's fall,"Dow higher as Boeing gains offset Apple's fall 'The fact of the matter is the oil market is rebalancing itself' Published: 58 mins ago 
(CNBC) — U.S. stock closed mostly lower on Wednesday as earnings season continued, while solid economic data helped financials and oil extended its losing streak despite bullish supply data. 
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 21 points after briefly dropping more than 100 points, with Boeing contributing gains to the tune of 38 points, offsetting sharp losses in Apple, which took about 20 points off the index. 
The S&P 500 momentarily eked above breakeven before holding 0.22 percent lower, with real estate falling 1.32 percent to lead decliners while industrials and financials outperformed. The Nasdaq lagged, falling 0.64 percent as Apple shed about 2.7 percent.",0
6351,Texas Parents Accused of Child Abuse but Claim Medical Evidence Overlooked,"Michelle Wallace kisses her baby. Photo source: Love Eva Rose Facebook page . 
by Health Impact News/MedicalKidnap.com Staff 
A couple in West Texas was devastated when they were accused of abusing their 6 week old daughter. Michelle and Elliot Wallace began seeking answers after the explanations given by doctors placed the blame on the parents and landed their baby in foster care. They have since learned that baby Eva sustained injuries at birth, injuries which are known complications of the kind of difficult birth that their baby had. These injuries were overlooked at the time of her birth, but are now the very injuries that doctors are claiming are caused by Shaken Baby Syndrome. 
Here is their story: 
On Jan 29, 2016, Michelle came home from the grocery store when Elliot met her at the door with their six-week-old daughter Eva, who was crying—a high-pitched, wailing type of cry. Her eyelids were fluttering, and her eyes were pointed left and upward, not focusing on anything. 
Suddenly, Eva’s body went limp, and she passed out. 
When they placed Eva on the bed to examine her, she woke up crying but quickly passed out. While lying there, the baby woke up crying, and passed out again. The couple loaded Eva in the car and took her to the Shannon Medical Center emergency room in San Angelo, Texas. 
The hospital staff ran tests, took x-rays, and did a CT scan. While waiting for the results, Michelle fed Eva a bottle. But, Eva could not keep it down. She projectile vomited. 
The hospital staff began a round of antibiotics, which is standard protocol in an infant presenting with a fever. Also, a CT scan showed she had a blood clot in her brain. The hospital staff determined that Eva needed a specialist, so they airlifted her and Michelle to Cook’s Children’s Medical Center in Fort Worth. Elliot drove the 4 and 1/2 hours to join them. Hospital Staff Stopped Looking for Cause of Injuries 
That night Eva suffered from intermittent fevers. A lumbar puncture was done to check for meningitis. However, it failed—no fluid was drawn. The staff said that they would hydrate Eva for up to 24 hours and try again. However, when Michelle inquired about it later, she was told that they were not going to try the lumbar puncture again because they had ruled out meningitis as the cause of Eva’s injuries. 
Afterwards, an MRI was done which showed a ligament injury to her upper neck. The staff believed that it was also a result of abuse. 
Reportedly, the consensus among hospital staff was that Eva’s injuries were trauma-related, and they stopped looking for other causes. 
While waiting on the neurologist, Eva had another seizure and was moved to the intensive care unit. There, she was sedated and given anti-seizure medication. Throughout the night Michelle never left Eva’s side, and she looked on as Eva was inundated with hospital staff handling her. 
During the night, a CPS worker approached Michelle and pointed at a light-colored bruise on Eva’s cheekbone that Michelle had not seen before. Michelle’s thoughts went immediately to the hospital staff checking on the thrush in Eva’s mouth, and that their fingers were placed in the exact location of the bruise on Eva’s cheekbone. Michelle wondered if the bruise had come from the hospital staff handling her face. 
While the family awaited Eva’s diagnosis, Child Protective Services (CPS) separated everyone present, including their guests, and interrogated them. Then they asked for information to run background tests, as well as names of people with whom they could place Eva. Michelle approached a CPS worker, saying that this was premature and uncalled for, since they had yet to receive a diagnosis. But, Michelle said that she was told that this was to get “ahead of the game.” Michelle holding baby Eva. Photo source: Wallace family. 
Michelle requested a conference with the Child Advocacy Resources and Evaluation (CARE) team to ask questions. In the meeting, Neurologist Dr. Adrian Lacy said the staff would look at the birth records the following day. He said that Eva had “bilateral subdurals, areas of stroke, bruising on her head, [and] retinal hemorrhaging,” but that the skeletal survey showed no broken bones. He informed them that the ophthalmology department said that the bruising was “consistent with shaken baby or child abuse.” 
He said that Eva had multiple bleeds of different ages in her brain, alleging that Eva had been abused repeatedly over time. 
Michelle asked if Eva’s injuries could have been caused by vacuum extraction delivery. Dr. Lacy said, “Talking to neurosurgery [department]…they don’t believe that it’s from any kind of vacuum delivery.” He said that this is because “retinal hemorrhages” could not possibly be result of vacuum extraction. Dr. Lacy went on to say that Eva had undergone “a significant trauma.” 
His assertion is contradicted in the medical literature regarding vacuum extraction. Many medical journals and medical resources mention that retinal hemorrhaging is a known complication of birth via vacuum extraction. An article in Reviews in Obstetrics & Gynecology lists retinal hemorrhaging in the list of neonatal complications: 
Vacuum-assisted vaginal deliveries can cause significant fetal morbidity, including scalp lacerations, cephalohematomas, subgaleal hematomas, intracranial hemorrhage, facial nerve palsies, hyperbilirubinemia, and retinal hemorrhage. 
As Michelle pondered the possible events that could have occurred to cause Eva’s injuries, Dr. Lacy interjected, “These are things that are severe enough [that] you would have told me. You know, [like] she was in a bad car wreck.” He went on to say that, the children who come to the hospital emergency room who were in car wrecks “don’t have the degree of retinal hemorrhages” that Eva had. He and the hospital staff suspected that Eva had been repeatedly shaken. Michelle said that they equated it with “the force equivalent to being in a car crash at 40 mph.” 
Dr. Lacy concluded, “There’s nothing in the story, as far as the history, her history, that explains the history that we see.” He said that there was no other explanation but Shaken Baby Syndrome. 
Not long after that, Cook’s Children’s Medical Center Child Abuse Specialist Dr. Sophia Grant said that Eva’s injuries must be non-accidental trauma. She said that she found the “classic Shaken Baby Syndrome triad.” The accusation of abuse came despite Michelle informing the hospital staff that Eva had been born via vacuum extraction. Further, reportedly, Dr. Grant expressed concern over the scratches on Eva’s face, and said that a child at six weeks old was not capable of inflicting them upon him or herself. 
It was at that point that the staff stopped looking for other causes, Michelle said. CPS arrived and served her and Elliot an order for emergency removal. The couple was then escorted out of the hospital by security guards. 
Afterwards, Eva was discharged from the hospital wearing a c-collar. It left a large dent in the back of her head, and she had to wear a helmet for a couple of months to reshape her skull. 
Eva now suffers from dysphasia and is at risk of choking. She also only has 20% of her peripheral vision. Currently, Eva is in therapy and is walking and crawling. Eva still faces challenges today. Photo source: Wallace family. Difficult Birth 
During pregnancy, Michelle experienced excessive fatigue, swelling, discomfort, nausea, etc., but she was told it was normal. Also, under doctor’s orders, Michelle received the Tdap and flu shots while pregnant. 
On December 13, 2015, the OB/GYN, reportedly “roughed up” her cervix in an attempt to bring on labor. Two days later, at 8:30 pm, Michelle was admitted to Shannon Medical Center Women and Children’s Labor and Delivery Unit with excessive bleeding. The next day, around 2:00 am her doctor administered Pitocin and an epidural. 
During labor Michelle was shaking a lot, and Eva’s heartrate kept dropping. About ¾ of the way in, Michelle was given an oxygen mask and was told to keep it on because the baby was not getting enough oxygen. Eva’s medical records indicate that she had hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy, which meant that she was oxygen deprived. There was no mention of staff attempting to change the mother’s position in order to help facilitate oxygen flow to the baby. 
After about eight hours, the placenta began detaching prematurely. She had a 30% placental abruption. The doctor opted for vacuum extraction instead of an emergency C-section. Eva was born at 7:00 am, after about eight hours of labor and 15 minutes of pushing, weighing 5 lbs. 11 oz. 
Birth records indicate that Eva’s hands and feet were blue, and her coloring was gray. Eva’s pathology reports indicated infection, as well as inflammation of the fetal membranes and connective tissue of the umbilical cord. 
Photos taken after her birth indicate a red, bruised and molded head with vacuum marks. They also reveal swollen eyes with cuts on and above them, as well as bruising that started over her right eye. Also, at birth Eva received Hepatitis B and Vitamin K shots and erythromycin eye drops. Pattern of Medical Concerns 
When Eva’s pediatrician, Dr. Elizabeth Young, came by during her rounds, Michelle mentioned that Eva slept poorly the night before. However, reportedly, Dr. Young dismissed it and said that “it was normal for a newborn to do that.” 
Michelle attempted to breastfeed Eva for three days, but it was unsuccessful. As a result, Eva was put on formula. 
At Eva’s one-week checkup, everything seemed normal. Eva had been sleeping well, as well as feeding every two to three hours. That day she received the standard vaccines. Afterwards, Eva’s fussiness escalated. She had a lot of gas and was sleeping poorly. Eva with sunglasses during a visit. Photo source: Wallace family. 
Michelle suspected an allergy to formula, so she changed brands—to one that was for sensitive digestive systems. However, it did not seem to make a difference. Eva began sleeping poorly and crying excessively, as if she was in pain. Even talking and soft noises were waking her. 
Michelle called Medical Exchange Hotline and was told by the nurse that it sounded like constipation. The nurse advised Michelle to add a bit of Karo Syrup to her bottle and use glycerin suppositories when needed, and then follow-up with the doctor the next business day. 
The nurse’s suggestions helped some. Once Eva would have a bowel movement, she would settle down some. But, within few hours, she would begin crying again. She seemed to be in pain. Michelle also gave Eva gripe water, which sometimes brought some temporary relief. 
At the follow-up appointment with Dr. Young, Michelle was told to try putting Eva on soy formula with an extra ounce or two of water to help with constipation. The doctor also showed Michelle how to lay Eva down on her stomach to help ease gas pain. 
The soy formula helped for a few days, and then the colic-like symptoms returned “as bad as ever.” 
At Eva’s one month checkup, Michelle told the doctor that Eva was not sleeping and had inconsolable crying spells, severe constipation, and gas. Also, she told the doctor that she had seen Eva making “jerky, circular arm movements,” and that she had seen Eva’s chin quivering. When Michelle expressed concern, the doctor said that there was nothing to worry about. 
Eva was prescribed Zantac for possible acid reflux. The doctor sent them home with a sample of another formula that was hypoallergenic. After about five bottles of it, Michelle discontinued using it because it gave Eva “explosive diarrhea” and worsened her gas problem. 
Michelle tried other formulas, in hopes that she would find one that agreed with Eva’s system, but the problems only worsened. Eva’s sleeping deteriorated, as well. Even the slightest sound would wake her, and she rarely slept for more than an hour at a time. 
Michelle and Elliot continued giving Eva gas drops, gripe water, glycerin suppositories, and adding water to her formula. They tried giving her Zantac, but they could not get Eva to swallow it. Eva began spitting up with more frequency. 
The morning of January 29, 2016, Eva started getting very fussy and crying inconsolably. Michelle got her to settle down for a nap. But, within half an hour, she awoke. When Michelle went to pick her up, she noticed that Eva had two little scratches on her face, with a bruise behind each of them. She figured that Eva had scratched herself. 
Later that day, Michelle went to the grocery store to get formula. She returned to find Elliot trying unsuccessfully to comfort Eva, and that’s when they saw her go limp with the strange cry and fluttering eyelids. Father Charged but Not Indicted 
Because Elliot was the last person to be around Eva when the symptoms occurred, he was arrested in April and charged with first degree felony assault on an infant with a $75,000 bond. Though he has been charged, there has been no indictment. A no-contact order has been issued against him. Elliot adores his daughter, but he can no longer see her. Photo source: Wallace family. 
Elliot has been out on bond. He would like to meet with his court-appointed attorney to make a plan to fight the charges and to challenge the no-contact order. However, since there is no indictment and no case file opened by the district attorney, his attorney will not meet with him. 
Meanwhile, he is banned from seeing his daughter. Foster Care Placement Is Five Hours Away 
When Eva was discharged from the hospital, she was placed with family friends, who live five hours away from her home. Michelle and Elliot have been trying to get Eva placed with blood relatives instead who live closer to them. It has been a difficult road for the Wallaces because of Eva’s special needs. Since coming off the anti-seizure medication, under doctor’s orders, the baby must have 24/7 care for a year. 
Because Eva’s placement is five hours away, and visitation must be supervised with a CPS staff, the only time available for visits has been during the week, when Michelle was working. She is only able to go once a month for a three hour supervised visit. Michelle has to abide by strict attendance guidelines by her employer. She would readily visit Eva more often if it were possible. Missing and missed by her parents. Photo source: Wallace family. 
Additionally, Michelle has had to be the breadwinner since Elliot’s ability to find work has been hindered by the criminal charges against him. He has been working as a contractor laying cable, and his last contract finished at the end of August. 
At their recent hearing, on November 2, 2016, the Wallaces were given a reprieve, and the judge removed the supervised visit requirement and approved visits with a caregiver. This was met with opposition from CPS. However, the Guardian ad Litem (GAL) and Court-Appointed Special Advocate (CASA) volunteers recommended it, stating that it was in the child’s best interests to have the opportunity to bond with her mother. This means that Michelle is not restricted to weekday visits and can be with Eva on her birthday and Christmas. CPS Seeks to Terminate Parental Rights 
Despite the fact that Elliot and Michelle have faithfully worked their service plan, last July CPS notified the couple that they are seeking to terminate their parental rights. This is allegedly because they believe that Elliot is guilty. Additionally, the couple had agreed to separate, if it meant bringing Eva home to live with Michelle. However, CPS will not consider the option, since Michelle still believes that Elliot is innocent and that Eva has been misdiagnosed. 
Further, the Guardian ad Litem and CASA volunteer are parroting CPS’ recommendation of termination of parental rights because the “medical professionals” say that Eva was shaken. This is especially concerning to the Wallaces because neither the GAL nor the CASA volunteer has met with Elliot and Michelle to interview them or discuss their daughter. Medical Expert Says This is a Birth Injury 
Eva was born via vacuum extraction, which is the use of a cup that attaches to the baby’s head and creates suction. According to Healthline , the risks of vacuum extraction or vacuum-assisted delivery, “range from minor scalp injuries to more serious problems, such as bleeding in the skull.” It lists the following injuries: 
hematoma, cephalohematoma, subgaleal hematoma, intracranial hemorrhage, retinal hemorrhage, and neonatal jaundice. 
Eva suffered from a retinal hemorrhage, something that Dr. Adrian Lacy said could not be a result of vacuum extraction. She also had intracranial hemorrhaging as well as a subgaleal hematoma. 
According to Medical Child Abuse Investigator Anne Renk-Bernardo of Ohana Advocacy Center , who was obtained by the parents to look at this case: 
“This is a birth injury case, plain and simple,” and “vacuum extraction could’ve easily caused the injury.” 
She said that the cup is required to be in a “very specific position,” and as a result, “any excessive or repetitive pressure” or incorrect position could easily cause injury to the infant. Michelle holding newborn Eva. Photo source: Wallace family. 
Renk-Bernardo said that the Pitocin that Michelle was given caused the baby’s oxygen levels to drop, and then go back up again, making it difficult for the baby to regulate the oxygen going back into its system. She said that amount of Pitocin was “too much, too fast,” causing hyper stimulation. As a result, she said that it produces a “constant squeezing,” which can cause complications while the baby’s head is engaged in the birth canal using vacuum extraction. Additionally, medical records show that Eva experienced a couple of episodes of severe bradycardia, which is a slowing of the heartbeat caused by a deficiency of oxygen. 
Another contributing factor to the complications is the placental abruption. According to the Mayo Clinic : 
Placental abruption can deprive the baby of oxygen and nutrients and cause heavy bleeding in the mother. 
With regards to the scratches on Eva’s face, she said that Eva could have done that herself, and that they are “not significant enough” to warrant abuse. She said that Dr. Sofia Grant said in her affidavit that Eva had bruising on her forehead, two 0.5 cm bruises, and a small scratch, which were a result of abuse. 
Renk-Bernardo said that Dr. Grant’s opinion was issued without reviewing Eva’s records. Further, she said that the bruising she is referring to is actually on Eva’s cheek. Further, she describes it as “superficial” and “over the fatty part” of her cheek, not on Eva’s head. She said that Eva, at the time, “was moving her extremities,” and that she could have easily scratched herself. 
Renk-Bernardo said that the wide fluctuations in autonomic functions during labor and significant feeding intolerances correlate with those types of complications, indicating that she was in pain. Additionally, her eyes were swollen. 
She said that hematomas are not atypical with vacuum extraction, including progressive bleeds. It is possible that Eva had a bleed that could have been slowly bleeding since birth. She pointed out that Eva was irritable and had trouble feeding from birth, including choking episodes. Renk-Bernardo said that the choking episodes are a result of the hypoxia from the subdural hemorrhages and cerebral edema. 
Renk-Bernardo believes that Eva’s ligament injury was probably a result of the vacuum extraction. She referred to the fact that the baby was “high up” in the pelvis and “never progressed” out of the birth canal. As a result, she said that the baby had to be forcefully pulled out. According to American Family Physician , this is a risk factor for complications while giving birth. 
Lastly, with regards to the multiple bleeds on Eva’s brain, Renk-Bernardo said that they are a result of “probably a bleed from birth that re-bled.” She pointed out that there are several things that can cause a re-bleed, such as choking, coughing, and illness. She said that vacuum extraction injuries can manifest up to three months after birth. If This is Abuse, “How Did They Shake the Baby?” 
After examining Eva’s medical records, Renk-Bernardo said that the accusation of Shaken Baby Syndrome begs the question, “How did they shake the baby?” She pointed out that Eva had no fractures or bruising on the arms, chest, etc., that would be evidence of such abuse. She also said that, to her knowledge, there was no soft tissue damage. Further, Renk-Bernardo said that if there were blunt force trauma, then there would have been evidence, such as significant bruising. “Miniscule bruising is not from impact,” she said. 
Lastly, in her expert opinion, there is no evidence that Eva has been violently shaken. She pointed out that when the Wallaces took Eva to the emergency room, both the trauma and neurology department refused to admit Eva because they said that the cause of her injuries was not trauma-related. “Problems All Along, but Nobody Paid Attention” 
According to Michelle, about a month after Eva’s release from the hospital, new bleeding was found in a follow-up MRI that the doctor ignored. Further, he did not relay the information to anyone, not even the foster mother. 
Further, nowhere in the medical records from Cook’s Children’s Medical Center does it say anything about a chronic bleed. However, during the CARE team meeting, Dr. Adrian Lacy told the family that Eva had multiple bleeds. 
Michelle had expressed concerns since Eva’s birth, but they were dismissed. She said, “There had been problems all along, but nobody paid attention.” For instance, Eva was born with meconium in the amniotic fluid, which means that she is at risk for developing Meconium Aspiration Syndrome (MAS). MAS is associated with neonatal seizures and chronic seizure disorders. Renk-Bernardo said, “Normally, it’s a concern. But, they [medical professionals] didn’t seem concerned.” Further, Eva’s family history includes heart problems, bleeding and bruising disorders, as well as nephrotic syndrome, which involves seizures. 
Now, Elliot and Michelle want to share their story to “help spread awareness of the plague of false allegations based on junk science that destroys innocent families.” Eva – her parents’ little Superhero. Photo source: Wallace family. 
At the November 2, 2016, hearing, the CPS attorney told the Wallaces that she had contacted the district attorney about Elliot’s criminal charges and that his case is to go before a grand jury in the next month or two. She went on to say that CPS had secured their own medical expert to testify against the Wallaces. Elliot and Michelle plan to request assistance from the court for securing their own medical expert testimony. 
There is a pretrial hearing on December 12, 2016, and a permanency hearing on February 15, 2017. There is a family court bench trial date set for March 23-24, 2017. However, the Wallaces are considering requesting a jury trial instead. If granted, it will take place in late April of 2017. How You Can Help 
There is a Facebook page set up for the family called Love Eva Rose where supporters can follow the Wallaces’ story and help. 
Supporters are asked to contact legislators on behalf of the family. 
Texas Governor Greg Abbott may be reached at (512) 463-2000 or contacted here . His Facebook page is here , and here is a link to his Twitter page. 
The Texas state representative for the Wallaces’ district is Rep. Drew Darby. He may be reached at (512) 463-0331, or contacted here . 
The US representative for the Wallaces’ district is Rep. Mike Conway. He may be reached at (325) 659-4010, or contacted here . 
Charles Perry is the Senator for their district. He may be reached at (512) 463-0128, or contacted here . 
Courts and judges across the U.S. are increasingly overturning Shaken Baby abuse convictions, as most of these cases do not present the science against “Shaken Baby Syndrome,” and the medical evidence that can support injuries apart from parental abuse. 
Comment on this article at MedicalKidnap.com. 
See:",0
6352,"Shame to waste Corbyn on a snap election, says May","Shame to waste Corbyn on a snap election, says May 04-11-16 
THERESA May does not want a snap general election because it would be a waste of Jeremy Corbyn, she has confirmed. 
The Conservative leader still has lots of policies she wants to pursue while she has an entirely ineffectual opposition and has no intention of rushing anything. 
She said: “You don’t throw away your Get Out of Jail Free card at the first opportunity. You save it for when you really need it. 
“And when it’s cast-iron bolted-on that you’ll win the next election at a walk, no matter what you do to the NHS or the public finances or whatever, then you take your time. 
“The Brexit court thing is annoying – I have dinner plans for April 2019 I don’t want to change – but the last thing I need is the Labour party coming to their senses and getting in my way. 
“I’ve got free licence to do whatever I want to Britain for the next nine years and I can’t do any of it without Jeremy. He’s not going anywhere until 2020.” 
Corbyn said: “Thank Christ for that, I thought I was going to be out of a job.” 
Share:",0
6353,The Cannon Ball Saga: An Epic Story From The American Heartland,"License DMCA 
There is an epic clash of two cultures -- one with a guiding ethic of harmony between people and nature, the other driven by an ethos that encourages the exploitation of both. Yet, for months, our clueless media gave this match-up little coverage. 
For the face-off is between Energy Transfer Partners, one of the world's largest pipeline corporations, and the Standing Rock Lakota Sioux Tribe. It's not merely big news, but the panoramic story of America itself. It's a real reality show -- a cultural, political and moral drama featuring raw greed, grassroots courage, class war, ancient rites, human rights, defenders of the common good, the most nefarious Texas oilman since J. R. Ewing, a historic gathering of Native tribes and a Bull-Connor-style sheriff -- all on location near a North Dakota town named Cannon Ball! 
The Dakota Access Pipeline is a massive 1,172-mile-long pipeline being constructed by EPT. It will cut through North Dakota, South Dakota, Iowa and Illinois. This pipeline, owned by oilman Kelcy Warren, crosses 200 rivers and countless farms, and it cuts through the ancestral lands and burial grounds of the Tribe. 
DAPL risks economic and environmental disaster. The corporation plans to bury its oil pipeline under the Missouri, beneath the Lakota people's main source of water for drinking, bathing, irrigation, fishing, and recreation. As a Lakota phrase says -- water is life -- and one rupture could be ruinous. 
In April, the Standing Rock Sioux made their stand. Some 35 tribal leaders established Sacred Stone Camp, just off their reservation and near where ETP's engineers intend to tunnel under the river. After the tribe's social media network spread word of the rebellion, a spontaneous migration of Native people -- not coordinated by anyone -- began arriving at the camp to stand in solidarity against ETP. - Advertisement - 
They came in cars, campers, and caravans -- some even paddled down the Missouri in traditional canoes. By August, representatives of 280 Native American tribes had joined, making this the largest, most diverse, cross-tribal action in U.S. history. Sacred Stone Camp pulsated with a sense of rediscovered power, ancestral duty, and indigenous culture. Not only were spirits high, but the extraordinary unity of so many diverse Native cultures -- boldly gathering in a show of strength and shouting ""NO"" to yet another arrogant act of gross injustice -- seemed to herald a reawakening. 
As the protest gained strength -- and was joined by thousands of progressives and covered by independent media -- ETP and its political minions responded predictably: with panic, whining, lies, and brute force. 
North Dakota's governor, Jack Dalrymple falsely wailed that ""unlawful acts associated with the protest near Cannon Ball have led to serious public safety concerns and property damage."" He declared a state of emergency, set up road blocks to seal off the reservation, brought in riot-clad troopers, removed state water and health services from the protest area, and used his state PR machine to demonize the activists as a violent threat to surrounding towns of white people. 
ETP's legal beagles have attempted to silence protesters by filing hokey lawsuits against several tribal leaders and activists that may be aimed at bankrupting defendants with legal fees; seeking a federal injunction against anyone interfering with pipeline construction; and threatening to prosecute Native Americans for -- Oh, the irony! -- trespassing on land that was theirs before it was stolen from them. 
On Labor Day weekend, a DAPL crew suddenly started construction on the under-river tunnel, reportedly damaging tribal burial sites. When unarmed protesters put their bodies in front of the machinery, a line of private ""pipeline guards"" showed up and blasted at least 30 protesters with pepper spray and sicced a pack of attack dogs on them. At least six people were bitten, including a child and a pregnant woman. - Advertisement - 
At least four reporters have been charged with everything from criminal trespass to conspiracy for trying to cover what the mainstream media won't touch. Charges are still pending for some of these journalists. 
Standing Rock tribe's chair, Dave Archambault has made clear that the Native people are committed to the higher values of ""our lands, people, water, and sacred sites."" As they have been for millennia, the tribe's actions today must be based on the common good of their grandchildren and their grandchildren-generations into the future. The Standing Rock Sioux are in this fight for the long haul: ""Our fight isn't over until there is permanent protection of our people and resources from the pipeline. We won't stop until they [EPT] stop."" To find out more and join the fight, go to www.SacredStoneCamp.org .",0
6354,Volatility Returns to Oil Market After OPEC Deal Fails - The New York Times,"It’s back to Square 1 for the oil markets. The failure of major producers to agree on an output freeze at a highly anticipated meeting in Doha, Qatar, this weekend underscored the still long and painful road to stabilize energy markets. The news pushed down oil prices as traders were caught   by the lack of agreement. The markets had assumed that a deal was close when energy ministers from members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries as well as Russia met on Sunday. But the   absence of Iran, one of OPEC’s biggest producers, helped scuttle any deal after Saudi Arabia insisted that the entire group participate in an agreement. Eager to increase oil output to its   levels, Iran had ruled out a production freeze and on the eve of the meeting decided not attend the Doha gathering. While the Doha meeting might have helped set the stage for a smooth recovery in energy markets, the road ahead promises to be much more bumpy, given the glut of oil in the system. Energy analysts now expect oil markets to take longer to rebalance, as production ebbs more slowly and demand growth eventually catches up. Without a deal, uncertainty weighed on the markets on Monday. Crude oil futures in New York fell 1. 4 percent to $39. 78 a barrel. In London, Brent crude futures fell almost 7 percent in early trading but recovered most of their losses by the end of the day. Monday’s declines were limited because of an oil workers’ strike in Kuwait that significantly crimped production there. The failure of the Doha meeting highlighted once again that energy markets  —   and particularly oil  —   remained largely hostage to the rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran for leadership and influence in the Middle East. In what might be seen as a warning shot, the Saudi deputy crown prince, Mohammed Bin Salman, said ahead of the meeting on Friday that Saudi Arabia could raise its crude output by more than a million barrels a day immediately. “If this is the starting shot of a new price war, then we will not get the inventory draw we were projecting this summer, and we will have building inventory in the fall instead, and then that will invite the risk of new price lows,” said Jan Stuart, global energy economist at Credit Suisse. Oil prices collapsed over the last year after major producers, led by Saudi Arabia, decided to flood the market and pump flat out to secure more market share. Ostensibly, the policy was aimed at pushing   producers in the United States out of the market. But by producing full out, Saudi Arabia was also hurting other oil producers within OPEC, including Iran and also Russia, which is not an OPEC member. Both need higher prices to balance their budgets. But the strategy backfired, and it led to a glut in the oil markets that has pushed prices to their lowest levels in years. The idea of a freeze in production came up in February, as prices fell below $30 a barrel, and initially helped provoke a rebound in the market. At the time, Saudi Arabia, Russia, Qatar and Venezuela had agreed in principle on a freeze but made it contingent on participation by other major producers. After the meeting, officials from   countries said they would work on a new agreement for the next OPEC meeting, to be held in Vienna in June. At the same time, lower prices are beginning to bite. Last week, the International Energy Agency said that global oil markets would “move close to balance” in the second half of the year as lower prices hurt producers outside of OPEC. The global oil glut is expected to drop to 200, 000 barrels a day in the last six months of the year, from 1. 5 million in the first half, the agency said in its monthly oil report released on Thursday. The group found that outside of OPEC, output will decline by the most since 1992 as the American shale oil boom falters. “There is no doubt as to the direction of travel for the   balance,” according to the energy adviser to industrialized nations. “There are signs that the   slide in production of light, tight oil in the U. S. is gathering pace. ” For that reason, the outcome of the Doha meeting might be moot, according to a report by HSBC titled “Much   about nothing. ” “The agreement would only have been of symbolic significance, in our view, and would not have altered the supply fundamentals,” according to the report. “We continue to see clear evidence that the market rebalancing is drawing near and expect prices to trend higher as the market tightens in the second half of the year. ” Still, much uncertainty remains, particularly what happens with Saudi Arabia and Iran. Prince Mohammed’s comments on Friday suggested that the current standoff between Saudi Arabia and Iran could last for several more months, posing renewed uncertainty on the direction of energy markets. “I don’t suggest that we should produce more, but we can produce more,” Prince Mohammed  who is the country’s defense minister and chairman of the Supreme Council of the Saudi Arabian Oil Company, which sets the country’s oil policy, said in an interview with Bloomberg News. Saudi Arabia produced about 10 million barrels a day in the first three months of the year. Analysts doubt how long the kingdom could be able to ramp up production in a sustainable manner and pump 11 million barrels a day, something it has never done before. “The weekend headlines will further support the already high level of price volatility,” analysts with Goldman Sachs wrote in a report.",0
6355,Retired Bishop Explains Why The Catholic Church Invented Hell,"According to a retired Episcopal bishop, the Catholic church invented hell to control the populace through fear. What are your thoughts? 
Via TrueActivist 

Without a doubt, religion is one of the more difficult topics to discuss. After all, the majority of wars that have taken place on this planet stem from religious differences. But when a retired bishop speaks out about practices conducted and condoned by the world’s largest religious institution, his thoughts on the matter are worth hearing and considering.
Video Below. Regardless of your opinion on religion, spirituality, and the Catholic church, we implore you to keep an open mind as you listen to the interview between retired Episcopal Bishop John Shelby Spong and Keith Morrison of Dateline NBC. Originally recorded in August of 2006, the clip has gone viral numerous times because it features Spong explaining that the Catholic church invented Hell in order to control the populace through fear.
During a nationally televised interview, Spong explains why ‘Hell’ is essential for the church’s survival. He says,
“Religion is always in the control business, and that’s something people don’t really understand. It’s in a guilt-producing control business. And if you have Heaven as a place where you’re rewarded for your goodness, and Hell is a place where you’re punished for your evil, then you sort of have control of the population. And so they create this fiery place which has quite literally scared the Hell out of a lot of people, throughout Christian history. And it’s part of a control tactic.”
“The church doesn’t like for people to grow up, because you can’t control grown-ups. That’s why we talk about being born again. When you’re born again, you’re still a child. People don’t need to be born again. They need to grow up. They need to accept their responsibility for themselves and the world,” Spong adds.
A partial transcript of the interview follows: Spong: I don’t think Hell exists. I happen to believe in life after death, but I don’t think it’s got a thing to do with reward and punishment. Religion is always in the control business, and that’s something people don’t really understand. It’s in a guilt-producing control business. And if you have Heaven as a place where you’re rewarded for you goodness, and Hell is a place where you’re punished for your evil, then you sort of have control of the population. And so they create this fiery place which has quite literally scared the Hell out of a lot of people, throughout Christian history. And it’s part of a control tactic .
Morrison: But wait a minute. You’re saying that Hell, the idea of a place under the earth or somewhere you’re tormented for an eternity – is actually an invention of the church?
Spong: I think the church fired its furnaces hotter than anybody else. But I think there’s a sense in most religious life of reward and punishment in some form. The church doesn’t like for people to grow up, because you can’t control grown-ups. That’s why we talk about being born again. When you’re born again, you’re still a child. People don’t need to be born again. They need to grow up. They need to accept their responsibility for themselves and the world.
Morrison: What do you make of the theology which is pretty quite prominent these days in America, which is there is one guaranteed way not to go to hell; and that is to accept Jesus as your personal savior.
Spong: Yeah, I grew up in that tradition. Every church I know claims that ‘we are the true church’ – that they have some ultimate authority, ‘We have the infallible Pope,’ ‘We have the Bible.’… The idea that the truth of God can be bound in any human system, by any human creed, by any human book, is almost beyond imagination for me.
I mean, God is not a Christian. God is not a Jew or a Muslim or a Hindi or Buddhist. All of those are human systems, which human beings have created to try to help us walk into the mystery of God. I honor my tradition. I walk through my tradition. But I don’t think my tradition defines God. It only points me to God.
",0
6356,"Maher: When GOP Goes Low, Democrats Should ’Kick Them in the Nuts’ - Breitbart","WARNING: ADULT CONTENT]  Friday night during his “New Rules” segment of  HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher urged Democrats to go low against the Republicans and “kick them in the nuts. ” Maher said, “‘When they go low, we go high,’ is a great applause line but as a tactic? What country do you think you live in now? Wake up and smell the asshole. Because it turns out when they go low they get reelected, they take the Congress, the  Supreme Court, the presidency. From now on the Democratic motto should be when they go low we kick them in the nuts. Democrats have to start winning elections. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
6357,Safety Pins Show Support for the Vulnerable - The New York Times,"The recent presidential election inspired a notable amount of accessorizing, with hats  and   as impassioned voters wore their positions on their sleeves (or head or chest). The postelection atmosphere suggests this trend is not slowing down any time soon. The latest political fashion statement? The safety pin, an object that’s been adopted in the past by   celebrities (remember Elizabeth Hurley’s Versace dress?) and the punk movement. After the election of Donald J. Trump, fears are growing that segments of his base may physically or emotionally abuse minorities, immigrants, women and members of the L. G. B. T. community. As a show of support, groups of people across America are attaching safety pins to their lapels, shirts and dresses to signify that they are linked, willing to stand up for the vulnerable. “It’s a matter of showing people who get it that I will always be a resource and an ally to anyone and everyone who wants to reach out,” said Kaye Kagaoan, 24, a graphic designer from the Philippines who lives in Brooklyn. “When I saw it on Facebook, it was so simple. It resonated with me. ” On Friday, the actor Patrick Stewart posted a photo of himself to Twitter wearing a pin on his jacket, and the photographer Cass Bird shared an Instagram post about why she’s wearing one that started with “If you wear a hijab, I’ll sit with you on the train” and ended with: “If you need me, I’ll be with you. All I ask is that you be with me, too. ” Between the two statements, sentences began with “If you’re a person of color   …     ” and “If you’re a refugee   …     ” and offered various forms of support. The actress Jaime King posted the same words to her Instagram account. In wearing the safety pin, participants are taking a page from protesters of the Brexit referendum results. After British citizens voted to leave the European Union in June, the nation experienced a 57 percent rise in reported xenophobic incidents. An American woman living in Britain tweeted a suggestion that people wear safety pins to show support to those experiencing abuse. Two days later, #safetypin was trending on Twitter. The woman, who used a Twitter account, @cheeahs, that has been deleted, had been inspired by the #illridewithyou movement in Australia, in which people offered to take public transportation with Muslims fearing a backlash after a Muslim gunman held people hostage in a cafe in 2014. Those who’ve donned the pin over the last week are quick to point out that their message isn’t necessarily in opposition to the  . “More than anything, it’s ” said Sabrina Krebs, 22, a Barnard student from Guatemala City. “I wouldn’t say it’s resistance towards Trump. It’s a form of resistance to hate and to negativity. ” It is also, Ms. Krebs noted, a readily accessible item. “Everyone has safety pins in their house,” she said. “It’s something everyone can join. ” (But in case someone wants a more haute kind of protest, fashion has already jumped on the movement, with Fashionista suggesting “13 Safety Pin Brooches to Wear Now and for the Next Four Years,” with items ranging from a   pin to one with crystal embellishments.) And it’s easy to put on. “It doesn’t take much to wear a safety pin,” said Robert Clarke, 52, a truck driver from Harrington Park, N. J. “I have them on several jackets, so I don’t have to think about it. ” Some Twitter users voiced criticisms of the   trend, calling it “slacktivism,” a word that blends “slacker” and “activism. ” They expressed concern that wearing something doesn’t equate to action. Christopher Keelty, an author and nonprofit   denounced the safety pins as something white people are wearing to assuage their guilt. “They’ll do little or nothing to reassure the marginalized populations they are allegedly there to reassure marginalized people know full well the long history of white people calling themselves allies while doing nothing to help, or even inflicting harm on,   Americans,” he wrote. Wearers responded by acknowledging the critique. “I recognize that wearing a #safetypin is not sufficient action and does not supplement provide active, constructive work,”  @OliviaHungers wrote. “Donate time. Donate money. Support people in your community with action. If you still wear the pin be sure to be ready to back it up. ” For his part, Mr. Clarke said that the pin isn’t just a signal of allegiance to those he encounters, but a constant reminder to himself. “A big part of wearing it is the mental preparation on my part,” he said. “If I do see something, I’ve thought it through, and I’ll stand up and say something and not be a silent witness. ”",0
6358,PINKERTON: Your Money or Your Life -- Fighting Over Obamacare vs. Fighting for Medical Cures,"Third of Four Parts  …      A Defining Event in Everyone’s Healthcare  Let’s start with the central moment of healthcare as experienced by most Americans.  The patient goes to a medical office and says, “Please, doctor, I have this ache, pain, or lump.  Is there anything you can do to help me?”  We can quickly see that this healthcare experience —  including, also, seeking advice for wellness and overall longevity, for oneself or for a loved one —  almost always comes prior to any consideration of paying the bill.   Instead, one’s instinctive and immediate focus is on health that is, we are more naturally interested in the fruits of medical science —  is there anything you can do? —  than in the    of accountancy finance. To put the issue another way, the patient regards his or her problem as, first and foremost, a health issue and then, and only then, a financial issue.  After all, the reason for going to the doctor in the first place is not to wrangle over the eventual bill that might come later.  In the here and now, the purpose of the visit, of course, is to get better.   We can observe that this is basic human nature: If you’re in a theater and someone yells “Fire!” your first instinct is flight, to survive worrying about getting a refund on your ticket can wait till you’ve escaped the danger.     Thus the implicit science of a medical situation —  can the doctor help me or not? —  is prior to the finance flesh, blood, and pain take priority over money, debt, and numbers on a ledger.   “Healthcare Policy Is a Loser for Whichever Party Is in Charge” The Value of Hanging Out with a Better Crowd, So is there hope that a Republican Cure Strategy will emerge?  We’ll have to wait and see, of course, but it certainly seems that the cures approach —  as highlighted by Trump and Cruz, and as legislated by Upton and Wicker —  offers Republicans more upside and less downside. In the meantime, we only know this much: The   fusion of science, technology, and vision has worked in the past to promote progress, and it can be made to work, yet again, in the future. Why so optimistic?  We’ll take up that question in the next installment.",0
6359,Al-Qaeda's Attack On West-Aleppo Continues Despite Lack Of Progress,"October 31, 2016 Al-Qaeda's Attack On West-Aleppo Continues Despite Lack Of Progress 
For four days now al-Qaeda in Syria (aka Jabhat al Nusra aka Fatah al-Sham) and assorted other ""rebel"" groups have tried to attack Aleppo from the west to break the siege on al-Qaeda associated groups in east-Aleppo. The New York Times in now openly admitting that CIA supported groups are acting under al-Qaeda's operational command. The piece though, which belonged on page one, was in the back of the paper. There is no public outcry over this disturbing fact. 
The attack on west-Aleppo had been talked about for over two weeks and the defenders are well prepared. bigger 
As can be seen on the map above the areas al-Qaeda and its allies managed to capture so far are only small rural outskirts. Every attempt to attack actual city estate under roof was repelled by the defenders. Small infiltrations like shown in the map were immediately cleaned up. The marked area is back in the hands of the Syrian army. It is estimated that the several thousand attackers have so far lost more than 500 men. A 1,000 more are likely injured. Every attack has to be carried over mostly open land and is received by heavy artillery fire. Air attacks ravage their supply and preparation ares. 
The attackers launched over 20 suicide-vehicle bombs so far but only a few reached their targets and their damage was limited. Yesterday one suicide vehicle bomb, ready to be launched for a new attack, was hit by a missile from a Syrian helicopter and exploded at its preparation and launching position. Over 60 ""rebels"" were killed by it and their attack had to be call off. 
The good news is that the defense is holding. The bad news is that the al-Qaeda ""rebels"" received huge amounts of artillery missiles and launchers from their ""western"" and Gulf sponsors. Several hundred have been launched at the densely populated areas of west-Aleppo. More than a 100 civilians have been killed by them and several hundred civilians were wounded. Some of the missiles contained gas and people had to be taken to hospital with extreme breathing difficulties. The UN envoy condemned these attacks as ""possible war crimes"". 
The whole attack operation was launched under the direct supervision of al-Qaeda in Syria leader Abu Muhammad al-Golani. He was shown in pictures at the ""rebel"" headquarter of the attack discussing further operations. 
Despite any progress on their part the al-Qaeda forces seem far from giving up. More attacks to break the siege are expected. We can be sure that some of their surprises are still in store. But the defenders are ready and the Syrian army is said to prepare for a large counter operation which may include a serious effort to liberate east-Aleppo of the al-Qaeda occupation. 
Other fronts in Syria are relatively quiet. The Turks have been told by Russia to stop all air attacks within Syria. The message has been received. The Turkish plan to occupy Al Bab east of Aleppo is unlikely to happen as it would be out of range of the Turkey based artillery and have no air support. The U.S. would like to go to Raqqa but has no proxy ground force to do that. Some Obama officials are now arguing for more U.S. boots on the ground in Syria. Will Obama agree to that mission creep? Posted by b on October 31, 2016 at 02:08 PM | Permalink",0
6360,Hillary Clinton tells host of show on Univision that Mexican food is her favorite,"No doubt she prefers it doused liberally with hot sauce from the bottle she carries in her purse at all times . 
It’s one thing to kiss up to different voting blocs when you’re running for elective office: It’s the currency of politics. But when you do it in as transparently crass a manner as Hillary Clinton, you have to wonder why the other guy isn’t beating her by 50 points . 
Here she is, making a guest appearance on the Univision show “El Gordo y La Flaca.” The title translates to “The Fat Man & The Thin Lady,” as the abuela-in-chief could on doubt tell you. See for yourself by watching the portion of the video below beginning at 2:18. As the Thin Lady addresses her audience in rápida e spañol , Clinton nods along as though she has the first clue what the woman is saying. 
Before the panderfest is over, Clinton also adds that her granddaughter is already learning Spanish , which is frankly quite an achievement since the child turned two at the end of September. 
Clinton’s stomach-turning hijinks know no limits. The day after her appearance on Univision, she joined black radio host Charlamagne Tha God live on air where she claimed that rappers had influenced her fashion sense . Tha God was apparently too gracious to ask, “What sense?”",0
6361,Report: President Trump Gives Priebus Independence Day Deadline to Fix White House Mess or Be Replaced with ‘Fresh Blood’ - Breitbart,"Politico is reporting late Sunday that White House chief of staff Reince Priebus has an Independence Day deadline to clean up the messes he is responsible for in the White House. [“President Donald Trump has set a deadline of July 4 for a shakeup of the White House that could include removing Reince Priebus as his chief of staff, according to two administration officials and three outside advisers familiar with the matter,” Politico’s Tara Palmeri wrote late Sunday night:  While Trump has set deadlines for staff changes before, only to let them pass without pulling the trigger, the president is under more scrutiny than ever regarding the sprawling Russia investigation, which is intensifying the pressure on his White House team. Days after his return from his first foreign trip late last month, Trump berated Priebus in the Oval Office in front of his former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski and deputy campaign manager David Bossie for the dysfunction in the White House, according to multiple sources familiar with the conversation. Palmeri joined Breitbart News Sunday on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 to discuss the breaking news on Priebus out of the White House. Palmeri wrote that Bossie has been considered for deputy White House chief of staff and Lewandowski has been considered for a White House senior adviser role with a “portfolio that includes Russia,” but Trump told Lewandowski and Bossie they would not be going into the White House just yet  —   that Priebus deserves one last chance to get things under control in there. “I’m giving you until July 4,” Trump told Priebus, Palmeri wrote, citing a source with knowledge of the conversation. “I don’t want them [Lewandowski and Bossie] to come into this mess. If I’m going to clean house, they will come in as fresh blood. ” White House press secretary Sean Spicer  —   a staunch ally of Priebus  —   denied this claim. “Whoever is saying that is either a liar or out of the loop,” Spicer told Palmeri. But Spicer has previously been wrong about Palmeri. Back in March, Spicer told Breitbart News that Palmeri was “an idiot with no real sources” when she previously reported accurately that Priebus was in jeopardy of losing his job then. It turns out that is not accurate as, the very next day, Palmeri quoted an   conversation she had with chief White House strategist Stephen K. Bannon. Palmeri added that Independence Day is hardly the first deadline that Priebus has faced  —   and he has succeeded in surviving for now. “The Independence Day timeframe is timed with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s deadline for passage of the health care bill through the chamber, which is also the start of the July 4th recess,” she wrote: Priebus took the brunt of the blame for the first failure to get a vote on the bill through the House, though the White House and Speaker Paul Ryan were ultimately able to secure its passage on a second try. Talk of Trump’s July 4th deadline has made the rounds in the White House, but insiders and those close to the president are not holding their breath, given the perpetual talk that Priebus and other senior staffers are on the way out. Trump’s first deadline for the firing of Priebus and many staffers that he brought on from the Republican National Committee was the   mark. The president then considered the idea of a Memorial Day shakeup when he returned from the foreign trip, and then most recently, July 4. People who have been considered as potential upgrades from Priebus, Palmeri wrote, include   campaign adviser David Urban and Blackstone executive Wayne Berman  —   among others who have been considered. Other names that have been floated publicly but are not mentioned in this piece include House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy and White House National Economic Council director Gary Cohn. McCarthy’s role in Congress, since Congress has not done much in the way of helping Trump succeed, could be an impediment to him getting the job. Cohn’s leftist tendencies, meanwhile  —   as exhibited by his comments bashing the coal industry while in Europe last month  —   are a sign that the selection of Cohn would be a setback to the administration. Cohn is reportedly interested in other positions, too, including Federal Reserve chairman. An adviser to the president mocked Priebus’s predicament in a statement to Palmeri. “It’s become comical that every holiday becomes a referendum on Reince,” the adviser said. Priebus has even joked about how bad his situation is, per Palmeri, telling one person recently, “I’ve got one foot on a banana peel and another out the door. ” Now, Trump is considering sending him to Greece as ambassador. “Trump has weighed the idea of moving Priebus to the role of ambassador to Greece, because of his Greek descent,” Palmeri wrote. “Trump told Bossie, ‘that Priebus will enjoy Greece,’ according to two people with knowledge of the comment. ” But at least two   advisers questioned    whether Priebus was indeed on his way out on July 4 if he does not fix the place soon. “The White House is different [than the Trump Organization],”   Sam Nunberg said. “You can’t make quick changes, it’s an institution. Once someone is gone from there, they’re gone. With that said, I think Reince will be there for the long haul. ” Roger Stone, another longtime confidante of the president, told Palmeri that two “drastic personnel decisions” that Trump made in his business career were when he fired Trump Organization CEO Edward Tracy and Trump Atlantic City Associates CEO Nicholas Ribis. “He likened the firings to Richard Nixon’s ‘Saturday Night Massacre’ and called it ‘sudden,’” Palmeri wrote of her conversation with Stone. “He suggested that if and when Trump removes Priebus, it will be at an opportune time and with a landing pad. ” Stone told Palmeri, too, that after the fallout from the president’s firing of now former FBI director James Comey, he will likely remove Priebus more carefully if he does end up doing so. “I think it would be fair to say, that with the entire Comey controversy, that’s a pretty good reason not to make a change at this exact moment,” Stone said. LISTEN TO POLITICO’S TARA PALMERI ON BREITBART NEWS SUNDAY: ",0
6362,A Presidency from Hell?,"By wmw_admin on October 29, 2016 Pat Buchanan — The Unz Review Oct 28, 2016 
Should Donald Trump surge from behind to win, he would likely bring in with him both houses of Congress. 
Much of his agenda — tax cuts, deregulation, border security, deportation of criminals here illegally, repeal of Obamacare, appointing justices like Scalia, unleashing the energy industry — could be readily enacted. 
On new trade treaties with China and Mexico, Trump might need economic nationalists in Bernie Sanders’ party to stand with him, as free-trade Republicans stood by their K-Street contributors. 
Still, compatible agendas and GOP self-interest could transcend personal animosities and make for a successful four years. 
But consider what a Hillary Clinton presidency would be like. 
She would enter office as the least-admired president in history, without a vision or a mandate. She would take office with two-thirds of the nation believing she is untruthful and untrustworthy. 
Reports of poor health and lack of stamina may be exaggerated. Yet she moves like a woman her age. Unlike Ronald Reagan, her husband, Bill, and President Obama, she is not a natural political athlete and lacks the personal and rhetorical skills to move people to action. 
She makes few mistakes as a debater, but she is often shrill — when she is not boring. Trump is right: Hillary Clinton is tough as a $2 steak. But save for those close to her, she appears not to be a terribly likable person. 
Still, such attributes, or the lack of them, do not assure a failed presidency. James Polk, no charmer, was a one-term president, but a great one, victorious in the Mexican War, annexing California and the Southwest, negotiating a fair division of the Oregon territory with the British. 
Yet the hostility Clinton would face the day she takes office would almost seem to ensure four years of pure hell. 
The reason: her credibility, or rather her transparent lack of it. 
Consider. Because the tapes revealed he did not tell the full truth about when he learned about Watergate, Richard Nixon was forced to resign. 
In the Iran-Contra affair, Reagan faced potential impeachment charges, until ex-security adviser John Poindexter testified that Reagan told the truth when he said he had not known of the secret transfer of funds to the Nicaraguan Contras. 
Bill Clinton was impeached — for lying. 
White House scandals, as Nixon said in Watergate, are almost always rooted in mendacity — not the misdeed, but the cover-up, the lies, the perjury, the obstruction of justice that follow. 
And here Hillary Clinton seems to have an almost insoluble problem. 
She has testified for hours to FBI agents investigating why and how her server was set up and whether secret information passed through it. 
Forty times during her FBI interrogation, Clinton said she could not or did not recall. This writer has friends who went to prison for telling a grand jury, “I can’t recall.” 
After studying her testimony and the contents of her emails, FBI Director James Comey virtually accused Clinton of lying. 
Moreover, thousands of emails were erased from her server, even after she had reportedly been sent a subpoena from Congress to retain them. 
During her first two years as secretary of state, half of her outside visitors were contributors to the Clinton Foundation. 
Yet there was not a single quid pro quo, Clinton tells us. 
Yesterday’s newspapers exploded with reports of how Bill Clinton aide Doug Band raised money for the Clinton Foundation, and then hit up the same corporate contributors to pay huge fees for Bill’s speeches. 
What were the corporations buying if not influence? What were the foreign contributors buying, if not influence with an ex-president, and a secretary of state and possible future president? 
Did none of the big donors receive any official favors? 
“There’s a lot of smoke and there’s no fire,” says Hillary Clinton. 
Perhaps, but there seems to be more smoke every day. 
If once or twice in her hours of testimony to the FBI, grand jury or before Congress, Clinton were proven to have lied, her Justice Department would be obligated to name a special prosecutor, as was Nixon’s. 
And, with the election over, the investigative reporters of the adversary press, Pulitzers beckoning, would be cut loose to go after her. 
The Republican House is already gearing up for investigations that could last deep into Clinton’s first term. 
There is a vast trove of public and sworn testimony from Hillary, about the server, the emails, the erasures, the Clinton Foundation. Now, thanks to WikiLeaks, there are tens of thousands of emails to sift through, and perhaps tens of thousands more to come. 
What are the odds that not one contains information that contradicts her sworn testimony? Cong. Jim Jordan contends that Clinton may already have perjured herself. 
And as the full-court press would begin with her inauguration, Clinton would have to deal with the Syrians, Russians, Taliban, North Koreans and Xi Jinping in the South China Sea — and with Bill Clinton wandering around the White House with nothing to do. 
This election is not over. But if Hillary Clinton wins, a truly hellish presidency could await her, and us. Patrick J. Buchanan is the author of the new book “The Greatest Comeback: How Richard Nixon Rose From Defeat to Create the New Majority.”",0
6363,FBI Officials: No Link Between Donald Trump and Putin…,"Now that washed up Democratic “Consultant” Carville is finding a “conspiracy” between Trump and the KGB…that was disbanded in 1991. 
“Time Traveling KGB” they were labeled at RT article. 
You know, maybe 2 years ago, I made a few comments about some Kevin Costner movies, where the plot was “Russians destroying our Dollar” in one of them, and another where he was a CIA operative “because someone has to do it” along with passages about the “Federal Reserve keeps our economy safe and sound” and a bunch of other obvious CIA-injected Narrative…everyone is aware that Hollywood has a CIA Liaison officer approving the scripts, and injecting lines in it, right? 
Kevin “Hollywood Rose” Costner…a paid propagandist. Working against America. For the younger generation, I am referring to “Tokyo Rose” of WW II. 
“When everything America believes is true, is a lie, I know we’ve done our job” A CIA Director William Colby a few days before he “drowned” in a canoeing accident. Too bad JFK wasn’t able to “break the CIA into a thousands pieces” and Eli-Min-ate it. Yes, that is where these words originated: in demonic/satanic behavior..and I am a confirmed atheist. 
Illu of Sais-On….be aware patriots. Illusion and Programming take vigilance to battle.",0
6364,A Year of Hate: 9 Times the Radicalized Left Engaged in Violence in the Trump Era - Breitbart,"Wednesday’s attempted baseball massacre by alleged shooter James Hodgkinson appears to be just the latest in a series of violent outbursts from the Left. Here’s a list of just some of those incidents to highlight a boiling climate of hate that has amplified dramatically during the 2016 election and Donald Trump’s presidency. [1. Protesters Attack Trump Supporters Outside a Rally in San Jose, California,   Above: A Trump supporter has eggs thrown at her (Noah   Associated Press)  NOW: #Trump supporter attacked and left bleeding in San Jose pic. twitter.   —   Tim Pool (@Timcast) June 3, 2016,  Above: A Trump supporter gets sucker punched   On June 2, 2016, extreme left groups converged on a Trump rally in San Jose, California with various messages including “America was Never Great” “Get off   soil” and “F*ck Donald Trump. ” Some of the protesters threw eggs at a Trump supporter. Others snuck up and punched Trump supporters leaving the rally. The ensuing havoc led to the victims of this assault to sue San Jose, the city mayor, and the city police chief over negligence in failing to prevent the chaos. 2. Trump Fundraiser Attacked,  Above: Protesters trying to stop Donald Trump’s motorcade after his Minneapolis fundraiser ( @EmmaSapong) Some protesters got aggressive at the end of the night as Trump supporters left Minneapolis fundraiser. @StarTribune pic. twitter.   —   Renee JonesSchneider (@reneejon) August 20, 2016,  Above: A video of the protesters, A group of Leftists assaulted Donald Trump’s motorcade and spat on his supporters in Minneapolis on August 19. The local media reported the raucous reception with the headline, “Donald Trump Fundraising Event in Minneapolis draws GOP Donors, Protesters to Convention Center. ” With no mention of the protesters, the report went on to claim, “Donald Trump roiled Minnesota politics for a few hours Friday night. ” 3. Terrorists Firebomb GOP HQ in North Carolina,  Above: The interior of the Republican Party office in Hillsborough, North Carolina after the attack (Dallas   Republican Party of North Carolina) “Nazi Republicans, leave town or else” was the message scrawled on a neighboring building to the   out GOP HQ.   Pat McCrory called the outburst “political terrorism. ” In response to the attack, Donald Trump tweeted out, Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP,  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016,  4.    Trump Supporter Punched and Kicked During High School   Protest,  Above:  @RamirezReports, “They jumped him and beat him up pretty bad,” a witness recounted to WTOP radio. The victim, wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat, was beaten during a walkout   protest from Montgomery High School in Rockville, Maryland. Police officers claimed the victim displayed no signs of aggression during the attack. 5. “F*ck Donald Trump, F*ck White People” WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT,  Above: A young, mentally disabled man had his torture live streamed as his captors shouted   and   epithets.  In what is perhaps the most sinister example on this list, a young    with schizophrenia was beaten and tortured in a Chicago home in January of 2017. His torturers live streamed the affair on Facebook Live. He was forced to drink toilet water and part of his head was scalped. While the young man’s political affiliation remains unknown, his attackers shouted, “F*ck Trump” and “F*ck white people. ” The whole episode was so horrendous that it drew significant mainstream media attention and condemnation from   Obama. 6. Antifa Rioters Lay Waste to DC in Response to Trump Inauguration,  Above: Antifa terrorism in Washington following Trump’s inauguration ( @nicknbcboston) Antifa’s representatives and members of   organizations such as BAMN, proudly engage in violence with the justification that any speech they do not like is, in fact,   against future violence. Their rage was on full display in Washington, DC in the days surrounding Trump’s inauguration. Rioters smashed the windows of cars and businesses. One Trump supporter was assaulted as he attempted to put out   fires. As Breitbart News reported:   protesters wearing black masks clashed with police officers in front of the National Press Club Thursday night, January 19, 2017. The   “DeploraBall” event inside drew the ire of the hundreds of anarchists and their associates. Many of the   protesters physically resisted police efforts to clear the sidewalk as others shot their middle fingers to the police officers. 7. Antifa Goes on Rampage in Berkeley to Protest Milo Yiannopoulos  Above: Burning Berkeley (The Associated Press) Above: A Trump supporter is pepper sprayed by while giving an interview at UC Berkeley, A student got pepper sprayed, fires raged across campus, windows got smashed and dozens of Milo fans were assaulted on February 1, 2017. Leftist responses to the Berkeley maelstrom (the first of many for 2017) ranged from praise, to conspiracy theories and to blaming Trump. Many were quick to point out that the iconic flashpoint of free speech protests had now become a symbol of suppression of free speech. 8. Antifa Assaults Trump Supporter with Bike Lock in Berkeley, WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT,  Above: A video depicting the assault of a Trump supporter, On April 15, an assailant later identified as a college professor, Eric Clanton, reportedly beat a Trump supporter with a bike lock. Clanton snuck up on him and quickly ran away after the blow to the head. He was later identified and arrested. He faces three counts of suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon that is not a firearm and assault causing bodily injury. 9. Antifa Throws Urine at   March,  Above: Scenes at an   march on June 10, 2017 ( @StarTribune) Above: Video of the attack, Members of Antifa threw urine on Libertarian blogger Lauren Southern and her friends as she was being interviewed during a march against Sharia law on June 10. She responded: I guess it makes sense the people throwing chemicals or bodily fluids at chicks faces would be protesting the #MarchAgainstsharia,  —   Lauren Southern (@Lauren_Southern) June 10, 2017,  This list is by no means exhaustive. Indeed, it does not even scratch the surface of calls for violence in rhetorical discourse. To give perspective, over 12, 000 tweets have called for Trump’s assassination since his inauguration. This list merely highlights significant incidents of Leftist violence to illustrate heightening divisions in a country increasingly fractured on political fault lines. These divisions have grown to the point where it is not improbable that Wednesday’s alleged shooter could have been influenced by partisan rhetoric to shoot up a Congressional baseball game after rationalizing that “It’s time to destroy Trump  Co. ” (His attempts were met with praise on the   corners of Twitter.) These events and others have led commentators on both the right and the left to postulate whether America is perhaps in the beginning stages of Civil War.",0
6365,Police Left Standing Rock And Refuse To Return. Here's Why,"Share on Facebook Widespread outrage over both the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline and violent police crackdowns rages on. That outrage is spreading even to police agencies now returning from deployment to the reservation. Two departments have already refused to return, citing personal and public objections. As if that wasn't enough, an army of sympathizers is re-purposing social media to combat police efforts in Standing Rock. Minnesota's Hennepin County Sheriff's Department is among that group. Lawmakers, according to MPR News , found police activities in Standing Rock “inappropriate.” It's to the point where they're considering rewriting legislation to avoid future deployments to incidents like the pipeline resistance. Police officials, of course, declined to comment on their return from North Dakota or their feelings on what's happening there. It's also made the task of rebuilding trust with the community an even loftier uphill battle. “I do not support Sheriff Stanek's decision to send his deputies to North Dakota,” says LT. Governor Tina Smith, “nor did we approve his decision to begin with. I do not have any control over the Sheriff's actions, which I think were wrong, and I believe he should bring his deputies home if he hasn't already.” Smith's comments split the state's government, however, and she was targeted. Minnesota State Rep. Tony Cornish condemned Smith for prioritizing “the rights of protesters over the needs of law enforcement,” saying she should apologize to the cops. Sheriffs from Wisconsin's Dane County were more empathetic, pulling out and refusing to return. According to the Bismarck Tribune , Sheriff Dave Mahoney made the decision after a “wide cross-section of the community” decried the deployment. “All share the opinion that our deputies should not be involved in this situation,” says Mahoney. Dane County's deputies were deployed to Standing Rock for around a week. Sources report Dane County wasn't involved in recent arrests, a string of which scooped up an alderwoman from Madison Wisconsin. Ald. Rebecca Kemble traveled to North Dakota as a “legal observer,” filming and participating in prayer ceremonies. When Morton County officers–if they cans till be called that–grabbed and arrested her for engaging in a riot. According to Kemble, no riot was happening. Other Wisconsin departments have been recalled, with at least one staying behind for a more couple weeks. Many other citizens have been charged for trespassing and participating in non-existent riots, including journalists. One of the most renowned reporters who's faced DAPL (Dakota Access Pipeline)- related charges was Amy Goodman of Democracy Now . Goodman's team filmed dog attacks by DAPL contractors who lacked proper K9 licenses. The contractors have also been accused of unethical surveillance, intimidation, and sabotaging the movement by attempting to make authorities believe the protesters have finally turned violent. Other journalists, including documentarian Deia Schlosberg, face decades in prison for filming climate activists at a separate oil project. Journalists from the independent outlet Unicorn Riot, who recently reported use of a sound cannon on water protectors, have also been arrested. Thousands of opponents to the pipeline have flooded Standing Rock to repel construction and police brutality. More still have taken to the internet, spreading information in the form of writing, video, photography, and art. Among the renegade tactics is using Facebook to “check-in” at Standing Rock. According the Guardian , over a million people–even people I know–have joined the action. It began with a Facebook post, disclosing that Morton County sheriffs are allegedly using Facebook check-ins to track protesters. “Checking in”– whether you're at a friend's, restaurant, or escalating resistance–pinpoints your location to a tee. Once you check in, a notification is sent out to, yes, your friends, but theoretically anyone who's capable of watching. It's yet another tool in the bag of tricks authorities have deployed against civilians, and are likely utilizing in Standing Rock. Some detractors have dismissed the social media action as a waste of time. An editor at The Fifth Column challenged these in a Facebook post, narrating a debate on the subject he'd had. Editor Justin King pointed out that even if the check-in's wasted two minutes of time, multiplied by hundreds of thousands, that equates to two months of wasted police work. Now imagine how ineffective the surveillance may be with millions continuously checking. Morton County Sheriff's, Guardian reports, called claims of police surveillance misguided “rumors.” Morton County, by their own account, isn't “ monitoring Facebook check-ins for the protest camp or any location for that matter .” Before you trust them, consider that Facebook access for water protectors was reported as “blocked’ during a military-style raid on a camp. Data Collection Nationwide Other police departments are similarly sketchy when pressured to speak on their surveillance technologies. Wisconsin's Milwaukee PD hid the use of cell site simulators , or Stingrays, from courts for months. Stingrays mimic cellphone towers, thus tricking phones into providing all manner of user information and data. Nearby, the Wauwatosa Police Department , despite having admitting to “collecting and analyzing cell phone data ” in its public reports, denied ever even coming close to a Stingray. It took the department 5 weeks to respond to that open records request, which is considered unusually long. It remains unknown how Wauwatosa PD, which has been blasted for lack of transparency before , collects cell phone data. The Hand's Fingers In Open Rebellion In addition to the general retreat of departments, two officers have already turned in their badges in support of the protesters. North Dakota water protector Redhawk, MintPress reports , disclosed the revelation. The individual also pointed out “you can see it in some of them, that they do not support the police actions.”“Some are waking up,” they continued, “we must keep reminding them that they are welcome to put down their weapons and badge and take a stand against the pipeline as well.” Hints of shame could be seen in the faces of officers who confronted protesters as they blocked them from prayer grounds. As the protesters condemned officers , some of whom looked down or off to the horizon in shame. The modern era of internet and technology gifts us with a plethora of ways to express ourselves, and help one another. Standing Rock is quickly becoming a stand out of that fact. Citizens, journalists, and activists are all using the internet to achieve their own goals. Whether that be spreading information being blocked, tracking police movements, sending food and rations or just voicing opinions. Standing Rock's resistance is spreading globally, with protests occurring in Europe and elsewhere. As long as construction doesn't stop, the movement won't rest. Related:",0
6366,"One Cookie, 2 Versions: Why Girl Scout S’mores Won’t All Be the Same - The New York Times","After 100 years of selling cookies, the Girl Scouts have come up with two new flavors. It may seem odd that it took a century when the inspiration was right under their noses: s’mores. The Girl Scouts first published a recipe for the quintessential campfire snack in 1927. The two newcomers share the same name, Girl Scout S’mores, but play separate variations on the theme of chocolate, marshmallow and graham cracker. In a bit of hairsplitting worthy of a merit badge for marketing, one is billed as “crispy” and the other as “crunchy. ” The crispy cookie is a thick slab of graham cracker coated with a fine layer of sweet white frosting and a much thicker one of chocolate, produced by ABC Bakers, of Richmond, Va. The crunchy cookie is a graham sandwich filled with a layer of chocolate and another of marshmallowlike icing, produced by Little Brownie Bakers, of Louisville, Ky. Why two versions? The Girl Scouts need two manufacturers to meet the demand for two million boxes of cookies a year presented with the idea for S’mores, each bakery took its own approach. As connoisseurs know, there are regional variations in the popular Thin Mint cookies, and strong similarities between Samoas and Caramel deLites. Neither of the S’mores has been seared over embers under the stars, as prescribed in that 1927 recipe for “Some More. ” But early taste tests online, and among The New York Times’s Food staff, showed a slight preference for the sandwich cookie, for its balanced sweetness and tender, fudgelike center. Girl Scout cookie season typically opens in January and ends in April, though each local council has its own traditions, which means that a lone council in Michigan and one in Maryland were selling cookies last fall. Timing and availability of the new offerings will vary, since councils in different parts of the country have contracts with different manufacturers. Councils in Los Angeles and New York will sell the sandwich cookies, while those in Philadelphia and Orange County, Calif. will sell the   grahams. This may not matter to Thin Mint purists, but not every council will have a S’mores cookie on the menu. In 1922, Florence E. Neil, a Girl Scout director in Chicago, published a recipe for sugar cookies flavored with vanilla, and many of the earliest Girl Scout cookies sold to raise funds for activities and community projects were baked in home kitchens, based on Ms. Neil’s recipe. But the first Girl Scout cookie sale took place even earlier, in 1917, in a high school cafeteria in Muskogee, Okla. Since then, this business has expanded to become a national phenomenon, with devoted fans buying cult flavors in bulk, or stashing extra boxes in the freezer to last until the next cookie season. This hoarding surely contributes to the average $800 million in cookie sales each season. Whether the cookies are   for home delivery, or picked up at booths in parking lots, fairgrounds and grocery stores, every council handles the process its own way. Finding the cookies doesn’t have to be a matter of luck: Plug a ZIP code into the Girl Scout website (girlscouts. org) for a list of local sales booths.",0
6367,"Inside the invisible government: War, Propaganda, Clinton & Trump","By John Pilger on October 31, 2016 John Pilger — Russia Today Oct 28, 2016 
The American journalist, Edward Bernays, is often described as the man who invented modern propaganda. 
The nephew of Sigmund Freud, the pioneer of psycho-analysis, it was Bernays who coined the term “public relations” as a euphemism for spin and its deceptions. 
In 1929, he persuaded feminists to promote cigarettes for women by smoking in the New York Easter Parade – behavior then considered outlandish. One feminist, Ruth Booth, declared, “Women! Light another torch of freedom! Fight another sex taboo!” 
Bernays’ influence extended far beyond advertising. His greatest success was his role in convincing the American public to join the slaughter of the First World War. The secret, he said, was “engineering the consent” of people in order to “control and regiment [them] according to our will without their knowing about it.” 
He described this as “the true ruling power in our society” and called it an “invisible government.” 
Today, the invisible government has never been more powerful and less understood. In my career as a journalist and film-maker, I have never known propaganda to insinuate our lives and as it does now and to go unchallenged. Imagine two cities. 
Both are under siege by the forces of the government of that country. Both cities are occupied by fanatics, who commit terrible atrocities, such as beheading people. 
But there is a vital difference. In one siege, the government soldiers are described as liberators by Western reporters embedded with them, who enthusiastically report their battles and air strikes. There are front page pictures of these heroic soldiers giving a V-sign for victory. There is scant mention of civilian casualties. 
In the second city – in another country nearby – almost exactly the same is happening. Government forces are laying siege to a city controlled by the same breed of fanatics. 
The difference is that these fanatics are supported, supplied and armed by “us” – by the United States and Britain. They even have a media center that is funded by Britain and America. 'US, UK sabotage any attempts at Syria settlement'– Political writer Dan Glazebrook https://t.co/diHrxk1wnG pic.twitter.com/ZXh3NAXFfg 
— RT (@RT_com) October 27, 2016 
Another difference is that the government soldiers laying siege to this city are the bad guys, condemned for assaulting and bombing the city – which is exactly what the good soldiers do in the first city. 
Confusing? Not really. Such is the basic double standard that is the essence of propaganda. I am referring, of course, to the current siege of the city of Mosul by the government forces of Iraq, who are backed by the United States and Britain and to the siege of Aleppo by the government forces of Syria, backed by Russia. One is good; the other is bad. 
What is seldom reported is that both cities would not be occupied by fanatics and ravaged by war if Britain and the United States had not invaded Iraq in 2003. That criminal enterprise was launched on lies strikingly similar to the propaganda that now distorts our understanding of the civil war in Syria. 
Without this drumbeat of propaganda dressed up as news, the monstrous ISIS and Al-Qaeda and al-Nusra and the rest of the jihadist gang might not exist, and the people of Syria might not be fighting for their lives today BREAKING: 6 children killed, over a dozen injured in rebel shelling of #Aleppo school (EXCLUSIVE) https://t.co/aw0a3f9ydn 
— RT (@RT_com) October 28, 2016 
Some may remember in 2003 a succession of BBC reporters turning to the camera and telling us that Blair was “vindicated” for what turned out to be the crime of the century. The US television networks produced the same validation for George W. Bush. Fox News brought on Henry Kissinger to effuse over Colin Powell’s fabrications. 
The same year, soon after the invasion, I filmed an interview in Washington with Charles Lewis, the renowned American investigative journalist. I asked him, “What would have happened if the freest media in the world had seriously challenged what turned out to be crude propaganda?” 
He replied that if journalists had done their job, “ there is a very, very good chance we would not have gone to war in Iraq.” 
It was a shocking statement, and one supported by other famous journalists to whom I put the same question – Dan Rather of CBS, David Rose of the Observer and journalists and producers in the BBC, who wished to remain anonymous. 
— RT America (@RT_America) October 27, 2016 
In other words, had journalists done their job, had they challenged and investigated the propaganda instead of amplifying it, hundreds of thousands of men, women and children would be alive today, and there would be no ISIS and no siege of Aleppo or Mosul. 
There would have been no atrocity on the London Underground on 7th July 2005. There would have been no flight of millions of refugees; there would be no miserable camps. 
When the terrorist atrocity happened in Paris last November, President Francoise Hollande immediately sent planes to bomb Syria – and more terrorism followed, predictably, the product of Hollande’s bombast about France being “at war” and “showing no mercy.” That state violence and jihadist violence feed off each other is the truth that no national leader has the courage to speak. 
“When the truth is replaced by silence,” said the Soviet dissident Yevtushenko, “the silence is a lie.” 
The attack on Iraq, the attack on Libya, the attack on Syria happened because the leader in each of these countries was not a puppet of the West. The human rights record of a Saddam or a Gaddafi was irrelevant. They did not obey orders and surrender control of their country. From ‘mad dog’ to ‘model’ and back: How West changed its mind on Gaddafi https://t.co/eAoKoxYdaW pic.twitter.com/IwaiToi8O3 
— RT (@RT_com) October 20, 2016 
The same fate awaited Slobodan Milosevic once he had refused to sign an “agreement” that demanded the occupation of Serbia and its conversion to a market economy. His people were bombed, and he was prosecuted in The Hague. Independence of this kind is intolerable. 
As WikiLeaks has revealed, it was only when the Syrian leader Bashar Assad in 2009 rejected an oil pipeline, running through his country from Qatar to Europe, that he was attacked. 
From that moment, the CIA planned to destroy the government of Syria with jihadist fanatics – the same fanatics currently holding the people of Mosul and eastern Aleppo hostage. 
Why is this not news? The former British Foreign Office official Carne Ross, who was responsible for operating sanctions against Iraq, told me: “We would feed journalists factoids of sanitized intelligence, or we would freeze them out. That is how it worked.” 
The West’s medieval client, Saudi Arabia – to which the US and Britain sell billions of dollars’ worth of arms – is at present destroying Yemen, a country so poor that in the best of times, half the children are malnourished. 
Look on YouTube and you will see the kind of massive bombs – “our” bombs – that the Saudis use against dirt-poor villages, and against weddings, and funerals. 
The explosions look like small atomic bombs. The bomb aimers in Saudi Arabia work side-by-side with British officers. This fact is not on the evening news. 
Propaganda is most effective when our consent is engineered by those with a fine education – Oxford, Cambridge, Harvard, Columbia – and with careers on the BBC, the Guardian, the New York Times, the Washington Post. 
These organizations are known as the liberal media. They present themselves as enlightened, progressive tribunes of the moral zeitgeist. They are anti-racist, pro-feminist and pro-LGBT. And they love war. 
While they speak up for feminism, they support rapacious wars that deny the rights of countless women, including the right to life. 
In 2011, Libya, then a modern state, was destroyed on the pretext that Muammar Gaddafi was about to commit genocide on his own people. That was the incessant news; and there was no evidence. It was a lie. 
In fact, Britain, Europe and the United States wanted what they like to call “regime change” in Libya, the biggest oil producer in Africa. Gaddafi’s influence in the continent and, above all, his independence were intolerable. 
So he was murdered with a knife in his rear by fanatics, backed by America, Britain and France. Hillary Clinton cheered his gruesome death for the camera, declaring, “We came, we saw, he died!” . 
The destruction of Libya was a media triumph. As the war drums were beaten, Jonathan Freedland wrote in the Guardian: “Though the risks are very real, the case for intervention remains strong.” 
Intervention – what a polite, benign, Guardian word, whose real meaning, for Libya, was death and destruction. 
According to its own records, NATO launched 9,700 “strike sorties” against Libya, of which more than a third were aimed at civilian targets. They included missiles with uranium warheads. Look at the photographs of the rubble of Misrata and Sirte, and the mass graves identified by the Red Cross. The UNICEF report on the children killed says, “most [of them] under the age of ten.” As a direct consequence, Sirte became the capital of ISIS. 
Ukraine is another media triumph. Respectable liberal newspapers such as the New York Times, the Washington Post and the Guardian, and mainstream broadcasters such as the BBC, NBC, CBS, CNN have played a critical role in conditioning their viewers to accept a new and dangerous cold war. 
All have misrepresented events in Ukraine as a malign act by Russia when, in fact, the coup in Ukraine in 2014 was the work of the United States, aided by Germany and NATO. 
This inversion of reality is so pervasive that Washington’s military intimidation of Russia is not news; it is suppressed behind a smear and scare campaign of the kind I grew up with during the first cold war. Once again, the ‘Ruskies’ are coming to get us, led by another Stalin, whom The Economist depicts as the devil. NATO’s ‘force projection’ on Russia’s doorstep undermines European security – Moscow https://t.co/7hjTJ0oIyv 
— RT (@RT_com) October 28, 2016 
The suppression of the truth about Ukraine is one of the most complete news blackouts I can remember. The fascists who engineered the coup in Kiev are the same breed that backed the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941. Of all the scares about the rise of fascist anti-Semitism in Europe, no leader ever mentions the fascists in Ukraine – except Vladimir Putin, but he does not count. 
Many in the Western media have worked hard to present the ethnic Russian-speaking population of Ukraine as outsiders in their own country, as agents of Moscow, almost never as Ukrainians seeking a federation within Ukraine and as Ukrainian citizens resisting a foreign-orchestrated coup against their elected government. 
There is almost the joie d’esprit of a class reunion of warmongers. The drum-beaters of the Washington Post inciting war with Russia are the very same editorial writers who published the lie that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction. 
To most of us, the American presidential campaign is a media freak show, in which Donald Trump is the arch villain. But Trump is loathed by those with power in the United States for reasons that have little to do with his obnoxious behavior and opinions. To the invisible government in Washington, the unpredictable Trump is an obstacle to America’s design for the 21st century. 
This is to maintain the dominance of the United States and to subjugate Russia, and, if possible, China. 
To the militarists in Washington, the real problem with Trump is that, in his lucid moments, he seems not to want a war with Russia; he wants to talk with the Russian president, not fight him; he says he wants to talk with the president of China. 
In the first debate with Hillary Clinton, Trump promised not to be the first to introduce nuclear weapons into a conflict. He said, “I would certainly not do first strike. Once the nuclear alternative happens, it’s over.” That was not news. 
Did he really mean it? Who knows? He often contradicts himself. But what is clear is that Trump is considered a serious threat to the status quo maintained by the vast national security machine that runs the United States, regardless of who is in the White House. 
The CIA wants him beaten. The Pentagon wants him beaten. The media wants him beaten. Even his own party wants him beaten. He is a threat to the rulers of the world – unlike Clinton who has left no doubt she is prepared to go to war with nuclear-armed Russia and China. 
Clinton has the form, as she often boasts. Indeed, her record is proven. As a senator, she backed the bloodbath in Iraq. When she ran against Obama in 2008, she threatened to “totally obliterate” Iran. As Secretary of State, she colluded in the destruction of governments in Libya and Honduras and set in train the baiting of China. 
She has now pledged to support a no-fly zone in Syria – a direct provocation for war with Russia. Clinton may well become the most dangerous president of the United States in my lifetime –a distinction for which the competition is fierce. 
Without a shred of evidence, she has accused Russia of supporting Trump and hacking her emails. Released by WikiLeaks, these emails tell us that what Clinton says in private, in speeches to the rich and powerful, is the opposite of what she says in public. 
That is why silencing and threatening Julian Assange is so important. As the editor of WikiLeaks, Assange knows the truth. And let me assure those who are concerned, he is well, and WikiLeaks is operating on all cylinders. 
Today, the greatest build-up of American-led forces since World War Two is under way – in the Caucasus and Eastern Europe, on the border with Russia, and in Asia and the Pacific, where China is the target. ‘US succeeded only in creating chaos in Syria, Iraq’ – Middle East expert Marwa Osman https://t.co/HpWwbpHS9G 
— RT (@RT_com) October 27, 2016 
Keep that in mind when the presidential election circus reaches its finale on November 8th, if the winner is Clinton, a Greek chorus of witless commentators will celebrate her coronation as a great step forward for women. None will mention Clinton’s victims: the women of Syria, the women of Iraq, the women of Libya. None will mention the civil defense drills being conducted in Russia. None will recall Edward Bernays’ “torches of freedom”. 
George Bush’s press spokesman once called the media “complicit enablers.” Coming from a senior official in an administration whose lies, enabled by the media, caused such suffering, that description is a warning from history. 
In 1946, the Nuremberg Tribunal prosecutor said of the German media: “Before every major aggression, they initiated a press campaign calculated to weaken their victims and to prepare the German people psychologically for the attack. In the propaganda system, it was the daily press and the radio that were the most important weapons.”",0
6368,"Christie Laughed When Told of 2013 Bridge Plot, Former Ally Testifies - The New York Times","NEWARK  —   Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey was told about the George Washington Bridge lane closings  —   and that they were done to punish a mayor who had declined to endorse him for    —   during a Sept. 11 memorial service two days after they began, a former ally who orchestrated the scheme testified in federal court here on Tuesday. Mr. Christie, the witness recalled, laughed at the news. The closings of the access lanes in September 2013 continued for two more days, creating a catastrophic traffic jam that created gridlock for emergency vehicles, school buses and commuters in Fort Lee, N. J. But Mr. Christie made no effort to reopen the lanes and end the gridlock. Instead, his former ally said, the governor was clearly delighted and seemed to savor the scheme. And after learning that the Fort Lee mayor’s persistent and urgent calls for help were being ignored, Mr. Christie said in a sarcastic tone, “I imagine he wouldn’t get his calls returned. ” The former ally, David Wildstein, who has pleaded guilty to being the culprit behind the lane closings, testified as prosecutors showed a series of photographs of him, Mr. Christie and Bill Baroni, then the governor’s top staff appointee at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which runs the bridge, at a service in Lower Manhattan on the 12th anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. The photos showed the three men in a loose huddle outside the governor’s official vehicle on a dirt roadway between the Sept. 11 memorial and the World Trade Center construction site. Mr. Christie, who has previously said he did not recall the conversation, appears engaged and animated, looking directly into Mr. Baroni’s eyes, raising his eyebrows and laughing in some of the frames and reaching out to touch the other men’s arms. “We were all very relaxed,” Mr. Wildstein testified. “Were you and Mr. Baroni bragging?” asked Lee Cortes, an assistant United States attorney. “Very much so,” Mr. Wildstein said. “This was our one constituent. I was pleasing my one constituent. I was rather happy that he was happy. ” Mr. Wildstein’s testimony narrating the set of photographs was the first detailed accounting of how the governor learned about the closings  —   which would ultimately become a scandal damaging his presidential ambitions. Mr. Christie is not charged in the case. Prosecutors have declined to explain their decisions on whom to charge, but the United States attorney for New Jersey, Paul J. Fishman, has said that simply knowing is not a federal crime. He noted that when Ms. Kelly and Mr. Baroni were charged that there were unindicted   but said his office had brought only charges it believed it could prove beyond a reasonable doubt. Mr. Baroni began, Mr. Wildstein testified on Tuesday, by telling Mr. Christie in a sardonic tone that there was a “tremendous amount of traffic” in Fort Lee and told Mr. Christie, a Republican, he would be “very pleased to know” that the mayor, a Democrat, was “very frustrated,” Mr. Wildstein testified. Mr. Christie joked about Mr. Wildstein’s role, he testified, using the name Mr. Wildstein had used in his past life as an anonymous political blogger, Wally Edge. “Mr. Baroni said to Governor Christie that I was monitoring the traffic, I was watching over everything,” he recalled. “Governor Christie said in the sarcastic tone of the conversation, ‘Well, I’m sure Mr. Edge would not be involved in anything that’s political. ’” Mr. Wildstein testified that Mr. Christie had not known about the lane closings before they happened. But the governor did know that the mayor, Mark Sokolich, had fallen out of favor with the Christie team for refusing to endorse him despite nearly three years of wooing with gifts and favors from the administration. And Mr. Christie did not signal disapproval. “From this conversation, were you concerned about continuing the lane reduction?” the prosecutor, Mr. Cortes asked. “No, not at all,” Mr. Wildstein said. Beginning with a marathon news conference in January 2014 after the lane closing scheme had become  public, Mr. Christie has insisted that he had nothing to do with planning or executing the shutdown of two of the three access lanes from Fort Lee to the bridge, the world’s busiest. At an event in Trenton on Tuesday, he denied Mr. Wildstein’s allegations that he knew about the closings as they were happening. “All kinds of stuff is going on up in a courtroom in Newark,” Mr. Christie said. “I want to be really clear: I have not and will not say anything different than I’ve been saying since January 2014. No matter what is said up there, I had no knowledge prior to or during these lane realignments. ” But here, where Mr. Baroni and Bridget Anne Kelly, a former deputy chief of staff to Mr. Christie, are on trial in United States District Court on charges including  fraud and conspiracy, prosecutors and defense lawyers alike have said Mr. Christie understood what was going on while the lanes were closed. Mr. Wildstein testified that he and Mr. Baroni had looked forward to telling the governor, seeing it as “a curtain call. ” Ms. Kelly, he said, had told him, “The governor is going to love this. ” “I remember the quote,” Mr. Wildstein added. “‘The governor is going to love this. ’” Mr. Wildstein also named other members of Mr. Christie’s inner circle who he said had known well before it became public that the lane closings had been intended as retaliation against the mayor. Among them was a confidant of the governor’s, David Samson, then the chairman of the Port Authority. He came later to the conversation at the Sept. 11 memorial, according to the testimony and photographs presented in court. As he did, Mr. Samson told Mr. Christie that another Democratic mayor, Steven Fulop of Jersey City, was pressing him to meet to discuss Port Authority business, Mr. Wildstein recalled. But the Christie administration was mad at Mayor Fulop as well, for not endorsing the governor. The governor, Mr. Wildstein said, had previously ordered his administration to cancel a day’s worth of meetings intended to help introduce the mayor to administration officials who could help him. “Governor Christie said no, no meetings with Mayor Fulop,” Mr. Wildstein testified. “He’s not getting any responses from the administration, just like Mayor Sokolich wasn’t. ” Two days later, Mr. Wildstein testified, Mr. Samson reassured Mr. Baroni that he would help “retaliate” against a New York official who had ordered the lanes reopened. Two months later, when Mr. Christie had won   but reporters were continuing to pose questions about the lane closings, Mr. Wildstein met with Michael DuHaime, the governor’s political strategist. Mr. Wildstein testified that he told Mr. DuHaime that he had directed the scheme, and that Mr. Baroni was involved, along with Ms. Kelly and Bill Stepien, the governor’s campaign manager. He also told Mr. DuHaime that he had told Mr. Christie about it on Sept. 11. “I told him that we had discussed it with Governor Christie and that Governor Christie seemed to be enjoying it,” Mr. Wildstein testified. “Mr. DuHaime was upset with me,” he added. “He thought this had been a very bad idea. ” He recalled Mr. DuHaime’s saying, “I wish you had spoken with me I would have told you not to do it. ” Mr. Wildstein said he told Mr. DuHaime that he was willing to resign “so the story might go away” and others would not get in trouble. “Mr. DuHaime did not think the story would reach that level,” Mr. Wildstein testified. “He did not think the story would go as bad as it did. ”",0
6369,"FBI Reopen Hillary Clinton Email Investigation, New Emails Found","  Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US // 0 Comments 
The FBI has announced it will reopen it’s investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server whilst serving as Secretary of State. 
The news was broken on Friday morning by Jason Chaffetz, Chairman of the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
In a tweet Chaffetz confirmed that the FBI had learned about the existence of additional emails that appear “pertinent to the investigation”. FBI Dir just informed me, ""The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation."" Case reopened 
— Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016 
FBI Director James Comey told members of Congress on Friday that new emails had been discovered and that he had instructed officers to reopen the case so they could investigate. 
Though Comey had previously recommended no criminal charges for the Democratic presidential candidate in July, the discovery of new emails opens up the possibility that Hillary Clinton could be indicted for mishandling classified information. 
Theguardian.com reports: 
“In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation,” Comey wrote. “I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.” 
Comey added: “Although the FBI cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant and I cannot predict how long it will take to complete this additional work, I believe it is important to update your Committees about our efforts in light of my previous testimony.” 
The letter comes 11 days before the presidential election and nearly four months after Comey announced the FBI would not recommend criminal charges against Clinton for her “extremely careless” use of a private email server while secretary of state. The FBI director said then: “Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes … our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case.” 
The controversy over Clinton’s use of a private email server while at the state department has loomed over her candidacy since before she even announced her intent to seek the White House in April. 
The Clinton campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment. BIG: The FBI is reopening its investigation into @HillaryClinton 's email server. Here's the letter from the FBI to Congress: pic.twitter.com/OKjipTeiJp",0
6370,"As She Fights Cancer, a Woman Strives for Normalcy - The New York Times","For decades, Patricia Lewis toiled as a security guard for NYC Health  Hospitals, a duty she performed along with a second, and sometimes a third, job. “I showered in the hospitals, I slept on gurneys and hardly came home,” Ms. Lewis, 68, recalled. All that work was to ensure her children’s potential would be realized. Ms. Lewis raised them by herself after a divorce in 1984, motivated by her vow to keep them safe and pay for their college educations. “These children, I cannot lose them to drugs, I cannot lose them to crime,” she said. “And today, my children, all three of them, are successful. But their success, the way the world is, they cannot help me. ” Ms. Lewis left her security guard job in 2009, a year and a half after tests showed she had cancer in her left breast. The disease has returned four times since, most recently in August, despite repeated treatments of chemotherapy, radiation and surgery to remove cancerous tissue. “It takes a whole lot of effort to psych yourself that you’re not going to die,” she said. Ms. Lewis must scrape together every dollar to cover medications, hospital bills and other expenses, including rent and groceries. She receives a combined $2, 089 a month from her Social Security and pension payments. “I can’t look to my kids to contribute and help me because they will go under,” she said. They have homes, responsibilities and children of their own, she said. Ms. Lewis’s two sons are police officers, one in Texas and the other in upstate New York. Her daughter is a teacher in New Jersey. Ms. Lewis tries to see them and her nine grandchildren whenever she can. “I’m fighting the cancer because it’s fighting me,” she said. “I know I want to live. I worked so hard. I want to enjoy my grandkids. ” In 2011, Ms. Lewis contacted Community Health Advocates, a program run by the Community Service Society of New York, one of the organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund. It helped Ms. Lewis buy medication at a lower price. This year, she sought its help again. The Community Service Society used $1, 380 in Neediest funds to pay an outstanding medical bill and back rent, and to buy a special mattress that allows Ms. Lewis to elevate her legs and sleep more comfortably. The yearslong fight against cancer has taken a toll on her body, if not her spirit. Her grip is so feeble she requires a neighbor’s help to open a can of tomato sauce. Part of a tooth broke off simply chewing a carrot. Even if the cancer goes away, she will need to wear a wig for the rest of her life because her hair has grown back in unsightly patches. “You never know how cold you are at night until you have no hair,” Ms. Lewis said. When it came time to select a wig, she balked at fancier ones because she worried they would make her look like Tina Turner or the Lion King. “I just want something where when my grandkids look at me, I’m still grandma,” she said. A desire for normalcy sealed her decision not to remove her left breast, especially after doctors told her the cancer could return anyway. She does not care what her reconstructed breast looks like now. “It looks distorted,” she said. “But it’s mine. ” She added: “I’m not looking for a husband, but I like to go swimming with my kids and grandkids. I want to be normal, as normal as I can be. ” She has covered the walls of her Harlem apartment, which she calls a cage, with photographs of her grandchildren, as well as artwork they have made for her, turning the sterile, austere space into a shrine to her family. Doctors have told Ms. Lewis that after her current radiation treatment, which will run through December, her condition could stabilize for five years. She absorbed the news with skeptical optimism, aware that her health has fluctuated and that she is unlikely to keep living on her own. “Eventually I’ll be in an assisted living home,” Ms. Lewis said. She has already started looking at options. “I’ve made peace with myself with the way I’m going. ” For now, Ms. Lewis, often tired and sick from treatments, leaves her apartment as often as she can. She visits her    mother once or twice a week, attends services at the Ephesus   Adventist Church in Harlem and is a regular at her neighborhood’s senior center. “I have my bad days,” Ms. Lewis said. “But I have my good days, too. I look at my bad days, the good days overrule. If I stay in this bed, I will surely die. If I get out of this bed, I can make myself do. ”",0
6371,3 Somali-Americans Found Guilty of Trying to Join Islamic State - The New York Times,"MINNEAPOLIS  —   Three   friends were found guilty on Friday of federal charges that they tried to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State, a plan that prosecutors said unfolded through propaganda videos and social media exchanges, and while they played basketball and paintball. The verdicts against the three men  —   Guled Omar, 21 Abdirahman Daud, 22 and Mohamed Farah, 22  —   came after an emotional   trial in which onetime friends from Minnesota’s large Somali community testified against one another, family members squabbled in the hallways and spectators were occasionally ejected from the courtroom. On Friday, the three defendants  —   who had all pleaded not guilty  —   sat impassively in dark suits as a court clerk began to read a litany of “guilty” verdicts, the most serious being conspiracy to commit murder overseas. They were also convicted of conspiring to provide material support to a terrorist organization. The sobs of family members broke the silence. One woman, weeping, rushed from the courtroom, and others used their colorful head scarves to wipe their eyes and cover their faces. As the three men were led from the courtroom, Mr. Farah waved to the relatives and supporters in the gallery. The convictions capped an investigation that began in 2014 and has led to six other young men pleading guilty to terrorism charges, and once again shined a harsh light on radicalization among young men in the country’s largest Somali community.   authorities have said that more than 20 young men from Minnesota have left to join the Shabab militant group in Somalia and that more than 15 have tried or succeeded in leaving to join the Islamic State. At a news conference, United States Attorney Andrew M. Luger called the case “one of the most important trials” in recent years, one that illuminated the problem of terrorism recruiting “in our own backyard. ” “They were not misled by a friend or tricked into becoming terrorists,” Mr. Luger said. “Rather, they made a deeply personal decision. They wanted to fight for a brutal terrorist organization, kill innocent people and destroy their families in the process. ” Federal officials also rejected criticisms of one of their witnesses, a friend of the men named Abdirahman Bashir, who worked as a paid informant for federal investigators and provided hours of audio recordings of the defendants. At one point, when they were planning to reach Syria by first crossing into Mexico, one defendant said he wanted to “spit on America” at the border crossing, according to Minnesota Public Radio. Some Somali community members and relatives of the defendants have criticized Mr. Bashir’s role, suggesting the defendants were entrapped. Prosecutors rejected that claim. “This conspiracy began back in 2014,” Mr. Luger said. “The informant Bashir did not work with the government until early 2015. These people have been long involved with this conspiracy. ” Prosecutors accused the men of being part of a larger group who met to plot ways to get to Syria. In his closing arguments, the assistant United States attorney, John Docherty, said the three were “exceptionally persistent” and “exceptionally violent. ” A lawyer for Mr. Daud, Bruce Nestor, suggested that an appeal could be filed. The verdict was not much of a surprise to Burhan Mohumed, 26, a friend of the defendants who had been banned from the courthouse by the judge. He called the process “purely political. ” “I left a little hope that they wouldn’t be convicted on a conspiracy to murder charge,” he said. “I didn’t think they had enough evidence to convict them on that. I think that was an overreach. ” During the trial, the defense argued that the three young men had been manipulated by the F. B. I. ’s informant, and attacked the credibility of the members of the group who earlier pleaded guilty and testified for the government. In addition to the six who have pleaded guilty to various charges, a seventh man charged is believed to be in Syria. Outside the courtroom, Omar Jamal, a Somali community activist, worried that the Somali community would find little solace or justice in guilty verdicts handed down by an   jury that was shown violent Islamic State propaganda videos. “This decision will reinforce the perception in the community that the system is rigged,” Mr. Jamal said. But after the verdicts were read, Judge Michael J. Davis thanked the jury, saying, “You have come back with a fair and just verdict. ” As the jurors left the courtroom, the three young men looked toward the gallery at a row of female relatives. He laid out the details for sentencing, engaging in a brief colloquy with each defendant. They would be able to read   reports, he said, before being sentenced. “Do you understand what the verdicts were?” Judge Davis asked Mr. Farah. “Yes sir,” Mr. Farah responded quietly. “Do you have any questions of me?” “Not at this time sir. ”",0
6373,Tillerson Leads From State Dept. Shadows as White House Steps In - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Henry A. Kissinger slipped into the State Department last week for a quiet lunch in his old office with Rex W. Tillerson, the former Exxon Mobil chief executive, who has all but covered himself in a cloak of invisibility in his first six weeks as secretary of state. Describing his impressions, Mr. Kissinger, perhaps America’s most famous diplomatic strategist, chose his words judiciously. “The normal tendency when you come into that job is to increase your visibility and to show that you are present and in charge,” he said in an interview. “He wanted to first inform himself of all the nuances. I was impressed by the confidence and   that he showed. ” But in the Washington of Donald J. Trump, where foreign policy proclamations often appear first on Twitter, and where White House advisers are still battling for dominance, this approach can be seen as brilliant, mystifying or a prescription for powerlessness. Mr. Tillerson has skipped every opportunity to define his views or give guidance to American diplomats abroad, limiting himself to terse, scripted statements, taking no questions from reporters and offering no public protest when the White House proposed cutting the State Department budget by 37 percent without first consulting him. He suffered in silence, State Department officials said, when President Trump called, in a    way, to reject Mr. Tillerson’s choice for deputy secretary of state. He has been absent from the White House meetings with key world leaders, and when the State Department issued its annual report on human rights  —   usually a major moment for the United States to stand up against repression around the world  —   he skipped the announcement. Defenders say Mr. Tillerson has been accomplishing far more behind the scenes, including arranging for the first trip of a Saudi foreign minister to Iraq in more than a    —   his first foray into the sinkhole of Middle East politics. “He’s already developing plans to begin ratcheting back Putin’s nefarious behavior,” Senator Bob Corker, the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said in an interview  —   steps that would represent the first known effort by the new administration to face off against President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia. “He’s won status and respect of the president, of McMaster, and talks all the time to Jared,” the senator said, referring to the national security adviser, Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, and Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s    who has emerged as a prominent voice on American foreign policy. “He doesn’t mind at all that these stories are being written about him being missing,” Mr. Corker, a Tennessee Republican, said about Mr. Tillerson. “When he’s ready to talk, you will be very highly impressed. ” On Tuesday, Mr. Tillerson will leave for his first truly fraught diplomatic mission: a trip to Japan, South Korea and China, at a moment when open conflict with North Korea is a growing possibility, and when the administration is planning Mr. Trump’s first meeting with President Xi Jinping of China. The trip is so vital that the “principals” committee of the National Security Council is set to convene on Monday to discuss the North Korean threat and how to deal with China, so that Mr. Tillerson speaks from a consensus strategy. But do not expect to hear much about that strategy from the secretary before he arrives in Asia: The State Department has told reporters that they cannot ride on the plane. The decision appears to be unprecedented for a major diplomatic trip  —   even four decades ago, when Mr. Kissinger was conducting shuttle diplomacy in the Middle East and opening up China, he was delivering spin to reporters on the plane and offering up diplomatic tutorials. “All his predecessors have traveled with press,” said R. Nicholas Burns, who served as spokesman, ambassador and under secretary of state in both Republican and Democratic administrations. Failing to do so, he noted, creates the risk that the secretary of state will be defined by the country he is visiting  —   especially a place like China. Within the State Department, Mr. Tillerson, 64, got off to a promising start with a warm, humble greeting to staff members in the drab headquarters’   foyer on his first day on the job. He talked about his upbringing and his wife’s belief that he had been preparing for this job his whole life, even if he had not known it. But few have heard from him since. Those who have say they regard him as an impressive manager who knows how to run a crisp meeting, take in a variety of views and give little away about his own. “He forces everyone to boil their memos down to a page or two, so they really have to think about what their message is,” said one official who has dealt with him frequently in recent weeks. “He’s already met with two of the most important Chinese officials. He knows a lot about some countries many secretaries don’t know about,” including Indonesia and others that have energy assets. He understands what embassies do, because Exxon Mobil often relied on them for help. But he is also introverted, a bit standoffish. He never met in person with John Kerry, his predecessor. “These guys came in to drain the swamp,” one career State Department official said, “and it’s clear that they are under orders not to cooperate or deal with swamp creatures. ” So, for thousands in the State Department, Mr. Tillerson has come to be viewed as the phantom of Foggy Bottom, scarcely glimpsed and known mostly for his directives to wipe out some of the department’s top jobs. Longtime career officials who expected to stay in their jobs or remain long enough to show their successors the ropes were ousted in Mr. Tillerson’s first two weeks. He is talking to members of Congress about further cuts, and while there are plenty of opportunities in a department that has not exactly embraced technological change, the major reductions proposed by the administration are a nonstarter with many lawmakers. The biggest concern among diplomats and many in Congress is that when Mr. Trump talks about bolstering America’s commitment to its national security, he does not have diplomacy in mind. Longtime diplomats often cite  —   or email to reporters  —   a line uttered four years ago by the new defense secretary, Jim Mattis, when he was in charge of Central Command. “If you don’t fund the State Department fully, then I need to buy more ammunition,” Mr. Mattis said at the time. As one diplomat who has met frequently with Mr. Tillerson since he took office noted recently, “Rex clearly agrees with that. He just won’t say it. ” (A senior State Department official said Mr. Tillerson did say it, to Mr. Trump, over dinner a little more than a week ago.) On his first trip, to Europe, Mr. Tillerson went out of his way to reassure allies of the United States’ commitment to NATO, doing little to repeat the “America First” notion that Mr. Trump has promoted. In Asia, Mr. Tillerson is scheduled to visit the Demilitarized Zone on the border with North Korea, and it seems almost unimaginable that he would repeat Mr. Trump’s warning as a candidate that the United States may pull back from the region. So why is the man many in the State Department call T. Rex so quiet? Secretaries of state from both parties have relished their role as chief spokesman for American values. Madeleine K. Albright made her name describing the United States as the “indispensable nation” that needed to intervene in the Balkans. Colin L. Powell took the lead in making the case for invading Iraq (words he later regretted). Hillary Clinton, under President Barack Obama, highlighted human and women’s rights in particular. Mr. Kerry narrated his own role as relentless negotiator, sometimes using background briefings to read aloud from copious handwritten notes he had taken while haggling over the Iran nuclear deal and the removal of chemical weapons from Syria. In indiscreet moments, he talked about his differences of view, mostly on Syria, with Mr. Obama. There are several theories about Mr. Tillerson’s reticence. One is that his silence is highly strategic: He wants to cement key relationships in private, make sure he is aligned with a mercurial president and let the policy process at the National Security Council play out before making any grand pronouncements. The second is that he is waiting for the battles at the White House to burn out. In short, he wants to sidestep Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s top strategist, who believes that China’s rise can be halted and that Iran should be vigorously confronted, and work with Mr. Mattis, Mr. Kushner and Mr. McMaster. Mr. Corker said that “he’s already reached an agreement with Mattis to come to agreement and present ideas together,” something that Condoleezza Rice and Mrs. Clinton often did with their defense counterpart, Robert M. Gates. The third is that he sees the job as more akin to what he did at Exxon Mobil: Cut your deals, say as little as possible and take the heat. One of the first tests may come in the arena of human rights, where he caused alarm during his confirmation hearings in January by declining to criticize the killings ordered by the Philippine president, Rodrigo Duterte, in an antidrug campaign. Speaking out against repression has always been fraught Mr. Kerry often danced around the topic when visiting Egypt. But Mr. Tillerson took up the issue on a recent call with Senator Benjamin L. Cardin, Democrat of Maryland, who was pressing him to link arms sales to Bahrain  —   home of the Fifth Fleet of the United States Navy  —   to measurable human rights improvements. “When we get the notifications of arms sales, it will be interesting to see if he has something to say on the issues we talked about,” Mr. Cardin said in an interview. He attributed some of Mr. Tillerson’s problems to the fact that “he doesn’t have his team in place. ” “Having a subcabinet to back up your views,” Mr. Cardin added, “gives you the confidence to be more direct. ” Clearly, Mr. Tillerson will not have much of a staff for a while not a single under secretary or assistant secretary  —   the people who make the policy wheels turn  —   has been nominated, and only a couple of ambassadors have been named. Some say the problem is not with Mr. Tillerson, but those he works for. “Rex Tillerson is off to a slow start, but the White House is partly to blame,” said Richard Haass, the president of the Council on Foreign Relations, whom the administration briefly considered for a top post. “The president needs to give the secretary the staff he wants protect, not decimate, his budget and make clear to the world that it is the secretary and no one else who speaks for the administration when it comes to foreign policy. ” Mr. Kissinger, at 93, is philosophical about most things, including Mr. Tillerson. “I would expect that as foreign policy evolves, Rex Tillerson will become an increasingly prominent exponent of it,” he said. “When I first came to Washington” as national security adviser to President Richard M. Nixon, “you would find me mentioned in The New York Times maybe 10 times. ” A computer index suggests that the actual number in his first year was around 228, but who’s counting? Mr. Tillerson, in a sign of progress, has already exceeded that figure this year.",0
6374,Can Immigration Hurt the Economy? An Old Prejudice Returns - The New York Times,"For a nation of immigrants, the United States has worked hard to keep foreigners out. The Statue of Liberty was less than 40 years old when President Calvin Coolidge signed the Immigration Act of 1924. It barred immigration from most of Asia. It cut the overall quota of immigration from countries outside the Americas in half. And it limited immigrants from other countries to 2 percent of the number of people of that country’s ancestry in the United States in 1890  —   restricting immigration mostly to people from Northern and Western Europe. Those from Eastern and Southern Europe, not to say Africans, brought too many “types of social inadequacy. ” “Physically, the bodies of recent immigrants are sounder than those of the average American stock,”  Harry H. Laughlin, appointed “expert eugenics agent” to the House Committee on Immigration and Naturalization, noted in 1922 testimony. “But with this sound body we have recently admitted inferior mental and social qualities of a constitutional nature which neither education nor better environment can be expected to raise above, or even to approximate, the average of the American descended from older immigrants. ” The quota system was overhauled in 1965, and immigration law today is more evenhanded. Still, the suspicion of immigrants as threats to society remains close to the surface. By claiming that people from Muslim nations threaten national security, that Mexicans are drug dealers and rapists, that immigrants take the jobs of Americans or burden taxpayers by reliance on welfare, President Trump has drawn it back to the center of political debate. This time, suspicion is being buttressed by some economists with a proposition not too dissimilar to Laughlin’s: that immigrants could sap America’s vitality by bringing inferior cultural traits from their dysfunctional home countries to erode American social norms. It’s an unsettling assertion. It is laid out with striking candor by Paul Collier, the noted British development economist from Oxford, in his 2013 book “Exodus: How Migration Is Changing Our World” (Oxford University Press). “Migrants bring their culture with them,” he wrote. Countries that receive them run the risk “that the social model will become blended in such a way that damagingly dilutes its functionality. ” This idea has gained more currency in Europe  —   which until the recent influx from North Africa and the Middle East had experienced comparatively little immigration from poorer nations. But it is getting a hearing in the United States, too, giving shape to an argument that immigration, by bringing inferior norms and culture from abroad, may be eroding American productivity. Not unlike Laughlin in his time, George J. Borjas, a prominent Harvard economist who has written innumerable publications making a case for stricter immigration policies, argues that the quality of immigrants has deteriorated since the old days. To him, however, the dividing line is set in 1965. In his recent book “We Wanted Workers: Unraveling the Immigration Narrative” (Norton) he argues that “the new and the old arrivals are different kinds of workers, with the new arrivals being less productive. ” Contagion by immigrants from the global South is top of mind: “Imagine that immigrants do carry some baggage with them, and that baggage, when unloaded in the new environment, dilutes some of the North’s productive edge. ” Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, architect of the administration’s turn against immigration, might be drawn to some of this scholarship. The proposition that immigrants hamper productivity in their newfound homes could make a case for far more restrictive immigration controls than the United States has in place today. “Analogous to climate change, we do not know how large an unabsorbed diaspora would need to be before it significantly weakened the mutual regard on which the   societies depend,” Professor Collier wrote. It is true that people from other countries sometimes carry sketchy norms with them. A 2006 study by the economists Raymond Fisman and Edward Miguel found that diplomats from more corrupt countries like Egypt and Pakistan were much more likely to park illegally in New York City than those from more   places like Australia and Norway. Many studies have found that ethnic and racial heterogeneity reduces support for public goods, like trash collection and public education. The sociologist Robert Putnam, while noting many   benefits from immigration, proposed that in the short to medium run, “immigration and ethnic diversity challenge social solidarity and inhibit social capital. ” And as Mr. Borjas points out, it is true that the gap between wages of immigrants and natives is larger than it was a few decades ago, and that immigrants take longer to catch up. This may suggest that their productivity may not match that of previous waves of immigrants. Still, the proposition that immigration weighs on productivity is in tension with many studies that show that immigration tends to raise productivity and increase economic output, mostly by multiplying the earnings of immigrants themselves. Immigration to the United States increases innovation, slows the aging of the work force and opens new opportunities for some domestic workers. The growing wage gap identified by Professor Borjas may relate to things other than the immigrants’ own qualities  —   like rising income inequality in the United States. Critically, those asserting that immigrants bring a contagious decline in productivity have yet to provide any evidence that this has happened, only conjecture. Is there a threshold where further immigration starts doing real damage? How close is the United States to it? What is the mechanism whereby productivity in the United States might be reduced by immigrants’ weaker attributes? If productivity growth comes from better technology or production capabilities, how could immigrants sap it? If immigrants’ culture affects American productivity  —   say, by reducing investment or undermining belief in private property  —   how big would immigration have to be to yield that effect? It doesn’t seem the United States is anywhere near the threshold. So far, empirical evidence suggests that countries with a larger variety of immigrants are richer, more productive and more innovative. Regions that receive more immigrants grow faster. And immigration may actually  improve the institutions of the countries immigrants go to. In a rebuttal of Mr. Collier’s and Mr. Borjas’s proposition, Michael A. Clemens of the Center for Global Development and Lant Pritchett from the Kennedy School at Harvard note that there is no meaningful relationship between the share of immigrants from poor countries and productivity growth in the rich countries they immigrated to. Even if unfettered immigration from, say, Mexico, were at some point to transmit low productivity to the United States, today the evidence suggests that restrictions on immigration are too tight, not too weak. This is not to say that there is no conceivable case to slow immigration down. But the case has nothing to do with contagion. If anything, the xenophobia that powered Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign suggests that the more problematic cultural consequence of immigration is the eruption of bigotry among the natives. That could well impose a hefty cost.",0
6375,Light Language Activation by Lightstar – Arcturus and Arcturian Starseed [VIDEO],"Click Here To Learn More About Alexandra's Personalized Essences Psychic Protection Click Here for More Information on Psychic Protection! Implant Removal Series Click here to listen to the IRP and SA/DNA Process Read The Testimonials Click Here To Read What Others Are Experiencing! Copyright © 2012 by Galactic Connection. All Rights Reserved. 
Excerpts may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Alexandra Meadors and www.galacticconnection.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of any material on this website without express and written permission from its author and owner is strictly prohibited. Thank you. 
Privacy Policy 
By subscribing to GalacticConnection.com you acknowledge that your name and e-mail address will be added to our database. As with all other personal information, only working affiliates of GalacticConnection.com have access to this data. We do not give GalacticConnection.com addresses to outside companies, nor will we ever rent or sell your email address. Any e-mail you send to GalacticConnection.com is completely confidential. Therefore, we will not add your name to our e-mail list without your permission. Continue reading... Galactic Connection 2016 | Design & Development by AA at Superluminal Systems Sign Up forOur Newsletter 
Join our newsletter to receive exclusive updates, interviews, discounts, and more. Join Us!",0
6376,"A Young Athlete’s World of Pain, and Where It Led - The New York Times","COLUMBUS, Ohio  —   Linda Mulligan set off from her home around lunchtime, pushing a grocery cart, with her grandson Marcine at her side. It was a quiet day, the Sunday after Thanksgiving, 2014. The end of a holiday weekend, it was a fruitful day to scrap for cans. They came upon an alley lined with trash receptacles stuffed full. Mulligan had mapped out a specific route that would take her past about 20 Dumpsters and 45 smaller bins. A few blocks away was the drag of shops and bars that represented the eastern edge of the Ohio State campus, on North High Street. For the last few days, a search team had been combing the area, knocking on doors and handing out fliers. Kosta Karageorge, an Ohio State wrestler and football player, had gone missing. Mulligan stopped at each of the Dumpsters, kicking them to make sure no animals were inside, before she got her footing, climbed in and sifted through the mess. Marcine, 8, mostly watched. They looped around to another alley and then a third, wedged between Courtland Avenue and Indianola Avenue. Karageorge had last been seen at his apartment at the end of the lane. At the Ohio   football game the day before, the administration had shown his picture on the scoreboard, hoping for leads. The only clue about his whereabouts had been a few text messages Karageorge had sent his mother the night he went missing. “im sorry i hope im not an embarrasment. ” “my heads been so [expletive] latly from a these concussioms i really am sorry. ” In the alley, Marcine wandered ahead of Mulligan and checked a receptacle. The green Dumpster, coated in graffiti, did not typically yield anything of value. Mulligan usually skipped it. Marcine lifted the lid, got on his tiptoes and peeked inside. He shut it immediately and ran to his grandmother with tears in his eyes. “Grandma,” he shouted, “there’s a body!” Mulligan peered inside. Next to three clear trash bags and a flattened cardboard box, a large man lay on his side, wearing all black, the hood of a sweatshirt pulled over his head. Kosta Karageorge, age 22. A gun rested next to his right hand, and blood dripping from his mouth had dried on his chin. Kostadinos Karageorge was born a hefty 10 pounds 13. 4 ounces, the second child and only son of George and Susan Karageorge. From early on, the Karageorges found their son to be a bundle of energy, physical and always moving. George and his brother, Jim, had grown up hooked on football and wrestling, the sport of their Greek ancestors. Jim cracked three helmets in high school, wrestled at Ohio University and withstood so many injuries that the trainer essentially had to beg him to quit. Once, George was knocked out while covering a punt and woke up in a hospital, disoriented. Someone had to pull off his leg hair to rouse him. He resumed playing two weeks later. Together, George and Jim Karageorge started young Kosta on the same path they took: contact sports at age 10,   at 12, weight lifting at 14. They taught him football and coached him through wrestling, always looking over his shoulder, giving advice. Family functions often ended with spontaneous wrestling matches in the living room, Kosta Karageorge trying to pin his uncle. In eighth grade, after Karageorge failed to qualify for the state wrestling tournament, he became motivated to lift and wrestle more and more. He wrote his weight class on his hand, between his thumb and index finger, right where he would grip the barbell. Around the same time, the family noticed Karageorge was developing small bald spots. He was so   that he kept his hair buzzed short to hide them. A doctor diagnosed   alopecia, attributed to all the   pressure he was experiencing. That pressure only intensified in high school, once Karageorge hit his growth spurt, showed big potential and started wrestling for Thomas Worthington High. He exercised   with his longtime wrestling coach, Jeremiah Webber, following   lifting sessions with hourlong runs, stopping only to vomit. After a knee operation, Karageorge showed up in the weight room in a wheelchair. “I can lift my arms, can’t I?” he told Webber. A growing force in football and wrestling, Karageorge obsessed over getting bigger. He snacked on grilled chicken during class for protein. He ate so much at lunch that he kept a trash can next to his table in case his gag reflex kicked in. Over four years of high school, he gained about 100 pounds, transforming himself from a short and stocky youth into a tall,   athlete, a legitimate heavyweight. For at least a few months, Karageorge and a friend, Mitch Crocker, tried taking prohormones, a testosterone booster they bought hoping it would help them achieve faster muscle growth. But, Crocker said, the substance made them “just angry at everything. ” Karageorge and his friends took out their aggression by starting a fight club, modeling it after the one in the 1999 movie. They gathered in backyards and had two people brawl with their bare knuckles until someone quit or was knocked out. Karageorge would not stop until his opponent squealed. “He could never find anyone big enough to fight him,” Crocker said. “He would always want to fight. He would take on two guys at once, and no one even wanted to do that because he was so big and strong and just mean. ” Karageorge eventually quit football to focus on wrestling. He dreamed of winning a state title and competing in the Olympics. One summer he trained in Russia with a renowned coach, wrestling against men. His senior year, Karageorge drew interest from two premier programs, Iowa and Oklahoma. Entering the state tournament, he was undefeated,  . “The matches were ridiculous,” Webber recalled. “He had at least 10 kids forfeit, not even willing to wrestle him because he was such a monster. He had to treat these other wrestlers like children. It was like watching a bear play with children. ” Karageorge lost twice in the state tournament. After the first loss, he said he was quitting and started walking home. After the second loss, he threw his   medal in the garbage. In the weeks prior, he had shown signs of mental instability. He was stressed about the tournament, choosing a college and raising his standardized test score so he could qualify academically to compete at a Division I program. Before one of the final wrestling practices, Webber noticed Karageorge was absent. Webber drove to Karageorge’s house, let himself in the back door and found Karageorge alone in the basement. He was sitting on his weight bench, cleaning two of his guns, a pistol and a rifle, with tears streaming down his face. “I don’t know if I can win the state title,” he said. Alarmed, Webber wanted an explanation. Karageorge said cleaning his guns helped him relax, and Webber persuaded him to return to practice. Webber later pulled Karageorge aside. “What’s going on in your head? Are you O. K.?” “I don’t know,” Karageorge said. “I’m just so nervous. I’m so scared. ” “Were you going to hurt yourself today?” “No. I don’t know. No. ” One of Karageorge’s first concussions  —   at least that his parents knew about  —   he sustained early in high school when he accidentally   his opponent, a fairly common occurrence when wrestlers grappled. “Got his bell rung pretty good,” his father said. Karageorge started his wrestling career at Oklahoma and then transferred to Ohio State, joining the team there without an athletic scholarship. He sustained more blows to the head as he faced opponents his own size. But he learned to hide his concussion symptoms from his parents and his coaches, partly because the stakes were higher and also because he believed it was important to always do what he deemed most manly. That became the general rule by which he lived his life. His senior year in college, he lived in an apartment with five other wrestlers and earned the title “alpha male of the house. ” He challenged his roommates to outlift him, to outeat him, to beat him in the video game Call of Duty. He had a weight bench installed on the porch and made his roommates lift in their downtime. He surprised them with wrestling moves, breaking furniture in the living room. Everything was a competition, so he kept a running score of everyone’s Man Points, awarding or deducting them as he saw fit. On the wall of his room, Karageorge hung a poster of Arnold Schwarzenegger, his idol. He also kept at least one of his guns, a .  pistol, safely tucked away in a case. He had become something of a gun connoisseur. Following his father’s and his uncle’s lead, he took his first gun safety course at 11 and went on his first hunting trip as a young teenager. He brought his friends skeet shooting and to the gun range for fun. He attended gun shows, built his gun collection and bought and sold guns on Craigslist. “He was very much into the machinery  —   the power behind them,” his sister, Sophia, said. Karageorge felt similarly about trucks and motorcycles. Around campus, he was instantly recognizable, riding his chopper, his hair long, wearing a leather jacket adorned with the American flag. And those tattoos. On his back he had Atlas holding up the globe because, he said, he had the weight of the world on his shoulders. He had an image of Zeus, and of Hades next to his   dog, Cerberus. Down the back of one arm, he had “Pain is temporary. ” On the other: “Pride is forever. ” On the inside of his lower lip he tattooed the word “Brutal. ” “If you didn’t know him, he looked scary,” said Bo Jordan, a roommate. “In my mind he was the manliest guy I knew, the toughest guy I knew. ” Karageorge joined the Ohio State football team as a   his senior year, almost as if he wanted to prove he could. At 6 feet 6 and 285 pounds, he had the requisite size. Those close to him also knew he felt ashamed that, as a senior, he was merely a backup on the wrestling team. After graduation, he planned to go into business with his uncle move to Athens, Ohio, into a house next to his sister and transition into a quieter life. He seemed to view playing football as perhaps his last chance to achieve the athletic glory he craved. But Karageorge had not played football in more than four years. On the defensive line, one of the deepest position groups on a team that eventually won the national championship, he was lost in the shuffle. He did not play a single snap all season. On the last night of Karageorge’s life, he went to a party with his girlfriend and a football teammate, Craig Fada. It was the Tuesday before the Michigan game, the night of the Mirror Lake Jump, an Ohio State tradition. Thousands of students would be leaping into the lake at midnight. Many of them would keep warm by drinking beforehand. Karageorge seemed upbeat. He kept talking about the game. First thing that morning, he had called Webber, his wrestling coach, wondering aloud whether he might finally play that weekend on Senior Day. “Maybe I’ll get a couple of snaps,” he had said brightly. Midway through the party, Karageorge and his girlfriend got into a heated argument. She locked herself in a bathroom. When she emerged, she said she was leaving and marched out the door. Karageorge, Fada and her friends trailed behind. The yelling continued outside. Suddenly, Karageorge’s girlfriend struck him in the head and left. “Man,” Karageorge said, turning to Fada, “she just hit me in the face really hard. ” “He shot himself here,” Karageorge’s father said, holding his right hand in the shape of a gun and pointing his finger at his forehead, between the eyes. “Was he leaning his head against the gun in the Dumpster because his headaches were so bad? You don’t know. ” After the coroner ruled Karageorge’s death a suicide and an Ohio State doctor examined his brain, the family had it shipped to a brain bank in Bedford, Mass. The brain bank  —   operated in partnership with Boston University, the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Concussion Legacy Foundation  —   had handled the brains of dozens of former football players. The Karageorges told the researchers that their son had sustained about 15 concussions. But they were not certain. He had rarely shared details of his injuries. He sustained his last known concussion during football practice about two months before he died. It kept him out for about three weeks, his parents said. Ohio State doctors handled his treatment. Dr. Andrew Thomas, the chief medical officer for the Ohio State Wexner Medical Center, declined to discuss Karageorge’s care specifically, saying that his family had not given proper authorization. But Thomas expressed confidence in Ohio State’s team of medical providers. He said they were required to follow a detailed procedure in evaluating a concussed athlete before allowing the athlete to return to action. “It’s really in the hands of the trainers and doctors to make that decision,” Thomas said in a telephone interview. After Karageorge died, Michael Bennett, a friend on the football team, told reporters he thought that Karageorge did not report more potential concussions because he wanted to keep practicing. At one point that fall, Karageorge had called Webber, apologizing for not being in touch. He explained that he had not been able to look at his phone’s bright screen because it gave him a headache and made him dizzy. He had to ask his girlfriend to dial the phone for him. Karageorge told Webber about the headaches, the vomiting, the symptoms that scared him. Once, while shopping with his girlfriend, he had broken down crying for no apparent reason. Around the house, he stopped playing video games as often as he had and spent more time in his room. His roommates said he seemed moody, fighting over small things like the cable bill. He told friends that he felt as if someone were following him. He told others about a buzzing noise in his head. He often stopped conversations midsentence, having lost his train of thought. “We raised our son to be a strong man, and maybe that was his downfall,” George Karageorge said. “He wasn’t complaining and crying. My wife coddled him, but I was more: ‘One of these days you’re going to be depended upon to step forward. ’” Rubbing his forehead, George said, “There’s a ton of guilt there. ” After the concussion in football practice, Kosta Karageorge seemed to understand the gravity of the situation. He asked his mother for a ride to the doctor because he knew he was not supposed to drive. She took him every day for a few weeks, she said. “They wanted him to come back sooner than he was ready,” Susan Karageorge said, referring to the football team, “and I remember telling him, ‘Do not go back. ’” Her voice trailed off, and she started crying. Mascara ran down her face. “I should’ve just told him not to play,” she said. “I should’ve just said, ‘You’re going to our doctor.’ I should’ve told him not to play. But I just told him, ‘Don’t play until you’re ready you’ll know when you’re ready.’ That’s what I told him. ‘No, mom, I’m fine.’ He could convince you of anything, you know? And hindsight’s   right? You go back, and you look at that, and that’s why this is so hard for us. What was there that we missed? I thought we were good parents. ” After his girlfriend stormed off, Karageorge, Fada and a few other friends sat on a hill overlooking Mirror Lake, watching their classmates jump in. Fada tried talking about the Michigan game, but Karageorge was clearly preoccupied. He returned to the apartment and found Jordan, one of his roommates, sitting on the couch. Karageorge proposed they go find his girlfriend. Karageorge hopped into the passenger seat of Jordan’s Pontiac Grand Am, his head brushing against the ceiling. He had shaved his hair again to hide five bald patches. He had confided in another friend that those spots were where his head throbbed. About a year later, the Karageorges received a report from Ann McKee, the neuropathologist who posthumously examined his brain. She said there were traces of past microhemorrhaging in Karageorge’s prefrontal cortex. Damage in that area, McKee explained, usually leads to cognitive issues involving “impulsivity,   poor judgment and maybe even suicidal ideation. ” She pointed out, though, that it was impossible to definitively link his suicide to any brain trauma he had sustained in sports. McKee also found a single focus of Tau  —   the protein associated with chronic traumatic encephalopathy, the degenerative brain disease found in dozens of former football players. She diagnosed Stage 1 C. T. E. on her scale of 1 to 4. The Karageorges interpreted the report as an explanation for their son’s erratic behavior. Several   players who had committed suicide were found to have had C. T. E. In those cases, though, the disease had usually progressed to more advanced stages. In the car, Kosta Karageorge directed Jordan to a house where he thought his girlfriend was. Karageorge paced across the porch, calling and texting her, but was unable to persuade her to come outside. As they drove back, Karageorge sounded defeated. That was it, he said his relationship was probably over. Jordan tried consoling him, but it did not seem to help. At home, they said good night, and Jordan retired to his room and went to sleep. In the living room, Karageorge retold the story to Mark Martin, another roommate. Martin tried comforting Karageorge, too, but Martin had never seen him like this. Karageorge was not acting angry or upset or aggressive. He sounded depressed. Karageorge excused himself, went to his room and emerged wearing black pants and a black hoodie, his hands stuffed in its pouch. He said he was going to see his girlfriend. Later, the police matched the pistol that Karageorge had with him in the Dumpster to the one he had kept in the case in his room. “I’ll see you, Mark,” Karageorge said, walking out the door. That was the last time anyone saw Karageorge alive. He had been texting his girlfriend all night, and around the time he left the apartment, he sent her a series of emotional messages. “i nvr felt this dark. ” “bc i got nothing eles” “i am gonna kill myself” “i deserve to die anyways” “all time low” Then Karageorge reached out to those closest to him, opening up about the pain he was experiencing in his head in a way he never had before and saying his goodbyes. “man im breakin my head isnt right,” he texted Webber around 1:25 a. m. Webber was asleep at home. He was still sleeping when Karageorge sent him another message about five minutes later: “love u man. ” Karageorge texted his mother, apologizing if he had been an embarrassment to the family, blaming the “concussioms” for messing with his head. Karageorge messaged Jordan, too, urging him to fulfill his dream and win four national championships, telling him he loved him. The last text that Karageorge received, before his phone went dark, came from his mother, Susan, who had been awakened by his message and had quickly typed a response in bed. “When did you get another concussion? Are you doing okay?”",0
6377,Tree Shaped Vertical Farms That Grow 24 Acres Of Crops,"By Amanda Froelich This tree-like skyscraper is capable of growing 24 acres-worth of crops and will be powered entirely by renewable resources. By 2050, the world’s population is estimated to reach... ",0
6378,Watches See a ‘Brexit’ Boom - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   The effect on the value of the pound of Britain’s vote to leave the European Union has rarely been out of the headlines since the June 23 referendum. But while the markets panicked  —   an estimated $2 trillion was wiped off world markets the day after the vote  —   the decline of the currency has proved a boon for Britain’s luxury watch retailers. With watches priced in pounds  —   particularly those at the high end  —   suddenly much more attractive to the international market, customers from all over the world have been buying in Britain. London has felt the biggest “Brexit” boom. According to the global market research company GfK, sales of watches priced at more than 10, 000 pounds, or about $12, 320, were up 67 percent in the British capital in September, compared with the same period last year. And the figure was almost as high outside London, up 56 percent. The Federation of the Swiss Watch Industry reported that exports to Britain were up 32. 4 percent year over year in September, making the country the world’s   importer of Swiss watches. In 2015, it was eighth. “Brexit has been hugely beneficial,” said Brian Duffy, chief executive of Aurum Group, which he said accounts for 46 percent of all British watch sales through its network of Watches of Switzerland, Mappin  Webb and Goldsmiths stores. “There are undoubtedly more tourists, and they’re looking to spend, because they’re confident in the value they’re getting. Luxury watch sales across the group are up by 40 percent, end of June to Week 1 of October. ” David Coleridge, chairman of The Watch Gallery, which operates showrooms in Selfridges on Oxford Street and in Manchester, as well as a Rolex boutique in the ultraluxury apartment building One Hyde Park in Knightsbridge, said Brexit had created “the perfect storm. ” “In July,   Arab customers arrived after Ramadan and discovered that London was almost free,” he said. “Then there was publicity around the world that the pound had slid and it was cheap to go to London, and visitor numbers leapt up. And then terrorism in Europe meant more people coming here. ” Sales by a rival retailer in Paris are down 50 percent, Mr. Coleridge noted, adding that even the highly publicized Oct. 2 robbery of Kim Kardashian West, in which jewelry worth millions was stolen while she was visiting Paris, has had an effect. Brands agree that Britain’s market has improved. Vacheron Constantin opened its Bond Street boutique in 2013 and while it had a slow start, the company’s brand manager in Britain, Celine Larose, said sales are picking up  . “Our clients are very ” she said. “But they are no longer waiting. ” And those sales increases have come despite what brands, including all the   houses such as Cartier and Montblanc, are calling inevitable price increases as they try to offset the global imbalance caused by the falling pound. “We put our prices up by 10 percent at the beginning of August,” said Mark Hearn, Patek Philippe’s managing director for Britain. “We try to ensure the playing field is level all around the world. If you have one market that is dramatically cheaper than everywhere else, there are customers who will gravitate to whichever market is significantly cheaper. ” In Britain, for example, Cartier announced a 10 percent rise after the June vote. Roger Dubuis followed an 8 percent price rise in August with a further 6 percent increase taking effect Nov. 1, the same day that Rolex, which had not increased prices in Britain for three years, announced a 10 percent rise. Now the challenge that brands face is convincing the domestic market that it is still a good time to buy. “While increasing U. K. retail prices will mean that a fine watch purchase needs to be even more considered by a domestic client than usual,” said Helen David, Harrods’s chief merchant, “generally, watch purchases, particularly at the higher end, are investment purchases, and as such we continue to see upward movement. ” She added that Harrods’s luxury watch division is experiencing high   growth this year. Richard Mille, whose watches frequently sell for six figures, takes a different approach. “We have a price list in Swiss francs, and we sell at the spot rate on the day,” said Peter Harrison, the company’s chief executive for Europe, the Middle East and Africa. “It’s the fairest way for our customers  —   that way, whether they’re spending in pounds, euros or dollars, it’s up to them when they spend. ” Not all brands are bowing to the pressures created by the weakening of the pound: Swatch Group and LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton brands such as TAG Heuer and Hublot have held prices stable, absorbing shrinking margins in a bid to protect local business. Retailers, however, are expecting LVMH’s watch division to raise prices in the new year. “Omega and Swatch Group are not opportunistic,” said Raynald Aeschlimann, Omega’s president and chief executive. “To increase sales would go against our domestic market. For British customers, nothing has changed and we want to keep momentum with those local customers. Raising prices would send a wrong signal. ” Mr. Hearn said Patek Philippe’s price increase had not affected local business and said that despite the increase, Britons would continue to buy at home. “If it’s cheaper in the U. K. for tourists, it’s also cheaper for U. K. customers to buy here, as opposed to buying abroad,” he said. “Certainly, there are Patek Philippe owners in the U. K. who would have been interested in shopping in Hong Kong, the U. S. or Switzerland who choose to buy in the U. K. now. ” The question that brands and retailers are asking themselves is how long the Brexit boom will last. Sales of luxury watches in Britain were on an upward curve before the vote, plumped up by London’s improved reputation as a tourist destination over the past decade and by investment by brands and retailers in retail experience in the city, as well as by redirected sales because of security issues on the Continent. GfK’s figures indicate British sales of watches that cost more than £1, 000 grew 19. 5 percent between January and August, with significant growth even before the departure vote. “Without considering Brexit, our business has dramatically increased in the U. K.,” said Ricardo Guadalupe, Hublot’s chief executive. “Brexit was the icing on the cake, but other geopolitical variables such as terrorist attacks and the current feeling of insecurity have more severely jeopardized business in Europe. ” London also benefits from the variety of its tourist customers. “Compare London to Hong Kong  —   it’s suffering because it’s so reliant on Chinese customers,” Mr. Coleridge said. “London has a mix. We’re even selling to Americans, now. Rolexes are 35 percent cheaper here than in New York. ” Many experts predict a further fall in the value of the pound, posing a continuing problem for brands looking to manage a balanced global pricing strategy. But confidence among British retailers is high. “The U. K. will remain advantaged for the future,” Mr. Duffy said. “We were doing well before Brexit, despite being disadvantaged by a strong pound and visa restrictions. The consumer has confidence in the U. K. market. ”",0
6379,Hillary’s “Big Tent” is Obama’s “Grand Bargain” on Steroids,"2016 presidential campaign by BAR executive editor Glen Ford 
Barack Obama tried to woo Republicans into a “Grand Bargain” that would have gutted Social Security. Bill Clinton let loose the banks. But Donald Trump’s destruction of the Republican Party will allow Hillary Clinton to “gather the whole of the ruling class under the same party banner, in one Big Tent, where the grandest of bargains can be conceived and achieved without crossing an aisle.” The rich are about to get their best deal yet. Hillary’s “Big Tent” is Obama’s “Grand Bargain” on Steroids by BAR executive editor Glen Ford 
“ The exodus from the GOP has suddenly transformed the Democratic Party into the primary political instrument of the ruling class.” 
When Donald Trump took a wrecking ball to the Republican Party he provided the unexpected catalyst for completion of the corporate project begun by Bill Clinton, Al Gore and other white Democrats in the 1980s, with the founding of the Democratic Leadership Council (DLC). To counter relentless attrition of whites to the GOP in their home states, these beleaguered, mostly southern Democrats sought national corporate funding to turn their party decisively to the right. They reckoned, correctly, that a steady stream of corporate capital would allow them to control the new wave of Black voters and politicians that had been mobilized by Rev. Jesse Jackson’s two presidential campaigns, while strengthening the hand of the South in national Democratic Party calculations. 
Bill Clinton became the first DLC president in 1992, and moved swiftly and methodically to narrow the ideological differences between the duopoly parties. He completed much of Ronald Reagan’s agenda, claiming it as his own; destroyed welfare “as we knew it”; vastly expanded the mass Black Incarceration regime; pushed NAFTA through Congress over the objections of majorities in his own party; engineered the corporate monopolization of broadcast media; and removed the last safety straps from Wall Street banks. 
“Clinton arranged the deployment of thousands of foreign jihadists to Bosnia and Kosovo.” 
In foreign affairs, Clinton initiated what was to become the doctrine of “humanitarian” military intervention, dismantling and partially occupying the socialist nation of Yugoslavia. In the process, Clinton arranged the deployment of thousands of foreign jihadists to Bosnia and Kosovo, thus keeping operational the network created by the U.S., Saudi Arabia and Pakistan during the previous decade in Afghanistan. In Africa, Clinton conspired with Uganda and exiled Tutsi rebels to overthrow the Hutu majority government in Rwanda, setting off a bloodbath in 1994, followed two years later by an invasion of Congo that has killed more than six million people -- and still counting. 
Barack Obama was the second DLC president (although he lies about his membership). He, too, moved with unseemly haste to reach a “Grand Bargain” with the GOP -- not of necessity, since he had won a huge electoral mandate with the overwhelming financial backing of Wall Street, but as a matter of ideological principle. In January of 2009, before even taking the oath of office, Obama told the editorial boards of the New York Times and the Washington Post that all “entitlements,” including Medicare and Social Security, would be “ on the table ” for cutting in his administration. Obama’s first project, now considered the centerpiece of his legacy, was to resurrect the rightwing Heritage Foundation’s corporate health insurance scheme, adopted by Republican presidential candidate Bob Dole in 1996, and made into state law by Republican Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney, in 2006. Obama’s Affordable Care Act was, literally, written by lobbyists for the insurance and drug industries, and is now collapsing like a poorly constructed house at the end of its mortgage. 
“For the better part of two years Obama debased himself, all but begging the Republicans to consummate his ‘Grand Bargain.’” 
With the Democratic majority in Congress in no mood to tamper with Social Security and Medicare, Obama tried to maneuver the targeted entitlements into a financial crisis trap. He named two dependable reactionaries, Alan Simpson and Erskine Bowles, as co-chairmen of his National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility, also called the Commission on Deficit Reduction. They dutifully recommended $4 trillion in budget cuts, mostly to social programs, including cuts to Social Security. Although the full commission did not endorse the chairs’ recommendations, and the Congress failed to pass bills modeled on the document, Obama used the Simpson-Bowles formula as a basis for negotiating what he hoped would be a “bipartisan” (GOP plus Obama and a minority of Democrats) massacre of entitlements. For the better part of two years Obama debased himself, all but begging the Republicans to consummate his “Grand Bargain.” Congressional Black Caucus chairman Emanuel Cleaver, of Kansas City, called the deal a “ Satan’s Sandwich ,” but Obama continued to pursue a political marriage made in hell until the 2012 reelection campaign clock called a halt to the spectacle. 
“A de facto super-party of the bourgeoisie.” 
The quest for a Grand Bargain was Barack Obama’s failed attempt to best Bill Clinton in erasing the distinctions between the two major parties – to create a de facto super-party of the bourgeoisie. It was the Republicans who ran away from the altar. And the Democrats did eat much of the Satan’s Sandwich, through sequestration and austerity that ravaged social programs by other means. 
Why did the Republicans reject the deal? Although both halves of the duopoly ultimately answer to Wall Street, the Republicans, like any other party, have an institutional interest in winning office. It is true that Obama had crafted a deal that any Republican would love, but it was still his deal, and he planned to run for reelection as an historical dealmaker. Probably just as importantly, the Republican Party is the White Man’s party, meaning, white supremacy is its organizing principle, central to its identity among much of the masses. To embrace Obama, no matter how advantageous to their big business patrons, was a hug too far for the GOP. Racism doomed the Grand Bargain – Hallelujah! 
A New, Bigger Bargain 
Recently released Wikileaks emails reveal Hillary Clinton speaking to bankers at Morgan Stanley in 2013, a year after the debacle. “The Simpson-Bowles framework and the big elements of it were right,” she said. 
Thanks to Donald Trump’s demolition of the Republican Party, the conditions have been created for Hillary Clinton, as DLC President #3, to achieve what #1 and #2 could not: gather the whole of the ruling class under the same party banner, in one Big Tent, where the grandest of bargains can be conceived and achieved without crossing an aisle. With most of the ruling class and its attendants having vacated the building, the Republican Party has been reduced to Donald Trump and his “deplorables,” as Hillary calls them. Trump’s opposition to corporate trade deals violated the Holy Grail against prohibiting capitalists from moving money and jobs around the world as they see fit, and his reluctance to support regime change as an inherent right of American exceptionalism has frightened and outraged the military industrial complex, the national security establishment, and all sectors dependent on the maintenance of empire. 
“An inherently unstable arrangement.” 
Clinton’s Big Tent is not a temporary, election season dwelling. It is how she plans to govern. The exodus from the GOP has suddenly transformed the Democratic Party into the primary political instrument of the ruling class, while at the same time the party nominally represents most of the folks who are abused and misused by that ruling class. It is an inherently unstable arrangement, and will soon be wracked by splits, as a post-Trump GOP attempts to lure its fat cats back and the darker and poorer constituencies consigned to the latrine area of Hillary’s high class tent break to the Left for air. 
But in the interim, Clinton will have a unique opportunity to cut grand austerity deals with all the “big elements” of Simpson-Bowles, to renege on her corporate trade promises, and to wage war with great gusto in the name of a “united” country. Ever since the Democratic National Convention it has been clear that the Clintonites are encouraged to consider everyone outside of their grand circle to be suspect, subversive, or depraved. Their inclusive rhetoric is really an invocation of a ruling class consensus, now that Trump has supposedly brought the ruling class together under one banner. In Hillary’s tent, the boardrooms are always in session. BAR executive editor Glen Ford can be contacted at [email protected] .",0
6380,"Nuclear Option: Forget RussiaGate, Rice Scandal Constitution Crisis - Breitbart","Well, that explains the deafening silence from President Obama. [All these months, it turns out, it was his   hatchet gal and exposed serial prevaricator Susan Rice who was behind the scenes in his administration working all the levers of the most powerful espionage machine on planet Earth to spy on Mr. Obama’s political enemies.  This is   bombshell information. Not because it exposed the Obama administration as the most nakedly partisan presidency in modern history, willing to use even the most sacred powers of the federal government for political purposes. We already knew that too. What is so astonishing about the revelation that Ms. Rice was the one unmasking Donald Trump and his campaign before, during and after he won the presidency is that it doesn’t get any closer to Barack Obama himself. Ms. Rice was Mr. Obama’s national security adviser, one of his closest aides. They spoke all the time. She worked directly for him. Here she was spying on Mr. Obama’s political enemies while in daily contact with him at the very height of the most contentious presidential election in memory. You don’t think she and the president discussed this? The revelation that Ms. Rice was the operator behind the spying answers just one question. But it raises a thousand more. When, exactly, did Ms. Rice start using the U. S. government’s spy operation as a weapon against Mr. Obama’s political opponents? What conversations did she have with the president about the intel gleaned about Mr. Trump and other political enemies of Mr. Obama? As was asked of an earlier president amid far smaller crimes: What did the president know, and when did he know it? What other opponents running for the Republican nomination was the Obama administration spying on? Were any of those political enemies “unmasked” and disseminated across government agencies? Was any of that intelligence leaked to the press? Did the Obama administration spy on Sen. Bernie Sanders during the long, messy Democratic primary, when the Vermont socialist refused to get out of the way for Hillary Clinton? Remember, we now know the lengths the entire Democratic National Committee went to rig that primary for Mrs. Clinton. If there was nothing wrong with “unmasking” the identities of Mr. Obama’s political opponents and disseminating the intel, Ms. Rice, why did you flat out lie about it on national television last month? “I know nothing about this” is not exactly a robust defense of one’s actions. Most of the media, of course, is so desperate to destroy Mr. Trump and cover up anything that might reflect poorly on Mr. Obama that they would rather talk about phantom “Russia” connections instead. Fine. Investigate Russia all you want. Even if that inquiry bears fruit, it will be about as scandalous as Richard Nixon going to China. But an administration actively spying on political opponents during a presidential election, unmasking U. S. citizens and then punishing them with selective leaks to the press? That is a real scandal. And a constitution crisis that raises dire questions about whether any American citizen is safe from the espionage thuggery of the politically powerful. • Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes. com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt.",0
6381,Чуркин: Россия против «технического продления» мандата миссии ООН и ОЗХО,"Короткая ссылка 27 октября 2016, 03:36 Постоянный представитель РФ при ООН Виталий Чуркин выступил против идеи «технического продления» мандата совместной миссии ООН и Организации по запрещению химического оружия (ОЗХО) по расследованию случаев применения химических веществ в военных целях в Сирии 
«Мы считаем, что рамки этого механизма были слишком узкими, и ценность их результата сомнительна, при всем уважении к тяжелой работе, которую они проделали. Необходимо серьезное обсуждение. Некое быстрое техническое продление не будет работать», — приводит РИА Новости заявление Чуркина. 
Ранее постпред Франции при ООН Франсуа Делаттр заявил, что Франция выступает за продление мандата миссии, срок которого истекает 31 октября. При этом глава миссии Виргиния Гамба сообщила, что не считает целесообразным продление мандата миссии. 
Ранее стало известно, что в четвёртом экспертном докладе механизма ООН и ОЗХО, который будет рассмотрен на заседании Совета Безопасности ООН 27 октября, признаётся ответственность властей Сирии за химическую атаку в провинции Идлиб 16 марта 2015 года. Подписывайтесь на наш Telegram , чтобы быть в курсе самых важных новостей. Для этого достаточно иметь Telegram на любом устройстве, пройти по ссылке и нажать кнопку Join.",0
6382,"With Odes to Military March, China Puts Nationalism Into Overdrive - The New York Times","BEIJING  —   It took all of five minutes for Wang Lei, a gruff veteran of the People’s Liberation Army, to start humming and stomping his feet. The curtain had just risen on “The Long March,” a new opera celebrating the early days of the Chinese Communist Party, and a   chorus of performers dressed as soldiers was rushing onstage at the National Center for the Performing Arts in Beijing. “We come from different places,” they sang as they took their places. “Some wear straw sandals. Some wear gowns. Some are barefoot. Some are hungry. We differ in status, but we have the same aspiration: to join the Red Army. To change the world!” Mr. Wang, 73, seated next to me in the upper balcony, closed his eyes in bliss. “These are the songs of our homeland,” he told me at intermission. “They might be lost now, but they reflect the true feelings of the Chinese people. ” These are triumphant times for the Communist Party. President Xi Jinping, the general secretary, governs with seemingly unobstructed authority. The balance of power in Asia and the Pacific appears to be shifting in China’s favor. Extreme poverty, especially in rural areas, is nearing eradication. And yet the Communist government seems intensely vulnerable at times as it confronts a slowing economy and a society in the throes of staggering change. In a country still working to find its place in the world, the party whips up nationalism as an elixir. Lately, it has gone into overdrive, inventing new forms of agitprop. Across China this fall, the party is turning the obscure anniversary of a cherished political touchstone into a cause for passionate celebration. It has been 80 years, we are told again and again, since the end of the Long March, the   retreat of Communist forces that established Mao’s   and gave the party its soul. More than 80, 000 people died in the march, which began in 1934, but the bravery of the soldiers inspired generations of Chinese people to rally behind the party and its leader. On television, Long March soap operas, documentaries and variety shows abound. Tour agencies offer packages retracing the soldiers’ routes. Students put on virtual reality goggles to relive famous battles. Joggers use a Long   fitness app to measure their steps against the Red Army’s. In Beijing, it is impossible to miss the patriotic fervor. Outside my office, a giant LED screen flashes every few minutes with scenes from “Red Star Over China,” a new   about the Long March. At home in Beijing on a recent Saturday night, I was bombarded with Long March coverage on nearly every TV channel. On one network, a troupe of child performers, dressed in gray military uniforms, sang of the power of the “bright red star to shine through the generations. ” On a financial channel, commentators offered analysis of the economic impact of the march. President Xi has been making the case for a “new long march,” using the anniversary to rally the public and warn against creeping complacency, especially among the young. “A nation that forgets its origins will find itself in a blind alley,” he said in a speech late last month. On the whole, the spirit of the propaganda campaign is unambiguous: Chinese citizens should seek to emulate the ideals of   and perseverance that the soldiers of the Long March embodied. Above all, the messaging makes clear, people should show unwavering loyalty to the Communist Party. The Long March allowed the Red Army to escape defeat at the hands of the Kuomintang forces of Chiang   in southern China. The Communists regrouped in the north before going on to victory in the civil war in 1949.   Brady, a professor at the University of Canterbury in New Zealand, has challenged the official narrative, which portrays the march as a victory for the Communists and a turning point in their efforts to win over the public. Pointing to testimonials of foreign missionaries captured by Communist soldiers, she argues that it was instead a humiliating moment in which Red Army soldiers ransacked villages and abused peasants. But by invoking the journey, she said, Mr. Xi is betting that the party’s idealized version of history will resonate across generations. “This is a heroic narrative that is meant to inspire young people in China,” Professor Brady said. “Xi wants to remind people what is unique and distinctive about China and to ask: ‘How did we get to where we are today? What is this journey that we’re on? What are we aiming toward?’ ” Mr. Xi has used the Long March more expansively than his predecessors, linking it to his signature slogan of a “China Dream,” a call to build a prosperous, more powerful nation with a deeper respect for traditional culture. The propaganda might help rally the public behind the party as it asserts Chinese military might abroad, in the disputed South China Sea and elsewhere. And the Chinese government has also tried to draw connections between the Long March and   social issues. A book released in conjunction with the anniversary promotes the Red Army’s support for gender equality. (“Women demand liberation! Who says they are inferior to men? ”) A concert to mark the anniversary showed the Red Army being greeted by an adoring crowd of ethnic minorities, a stark contrast to the ethnic tensions that plague parts of China today, including Tibet and Xinjiang. Some hope the Long March will become a call to arms that helps China overcome challenges such as a slowing economy and rampant social inequality. “Nowadays, the younger generation is very fickle and impetuous,” said Xie Haishan, 32, an employee at a social welfare organization in Beijing who attended the opera and a Long March museum exhibit. “Many people are shortsighted and lack the kind of commitment seen during the Long March. That’s what we need nowadays. ” “The Long March” opera, in development for four years, is a highlight of the government’s unfolding spectacle, featuring a cast of nearly 200 and a   score that blends Chinese folk songs with   arias. It is one of the grandest political operas to debut in Beijing since the Cultural Revolution, when Mao and his wife, Jiang Qing, made works celebrating the Communist Party a mandatory part of the repertoire at Chinese concert halls. Yan Weiwen, a prominent tenor who plays the leading role of Commissar Peng, a military official, said the tenacity of Red Army soldiers set an example for all Chinese people. “The Long March spirit will help Chinese people forge ahead,” he said in a telephone interview. “Our lives will only be better if we have conviction and dreams. ” Near the end of the opera, as Red Army soldiers confront the scourges of disease and starvation, eating tree bark to survive, a young soldier named Ping Yazi is poisoned by wild vegetables. He becomes lost in a swamp, firing a shot into the air to warn away his fellow troops. “I’m not afraid of death,” he sings, sinking underground. “I’m just reluctant to leave the Red Army. ” Soon after, red lights illuminate the theater, revolutionary flags fill the stage, and a    routine breaks out. “Long live the Red Army!” the soldiers sing. “Long live the Long March!” Mr. Wang, the P. L. A. veteran sitting next to me, rose to his feet. He looked to the stage, squinted his eyes and shouted, “Bravo!”",0
6383,"Mosul Is Being Destroyed By, as Well as ‘liberated' from, Isis","Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email => 
As the Iraqi army advanced further into east Mosul today, Isis fighters responded by firing mortar shells into the Gogjali district that had been freed earlier in the week. We met the families fleeing the mortar barrage crammed into their battered cars and pick-ups at an army checkpoint at Bartella a dozen miles down the road. We had been told we could not go any further because it was too dangerous and Isis fighters were firing at the road not far ahead between Bartella and Mosul. 
“We thought we had got rid of Daesh [Isis] and then they started firing mortars at us,” said one middle-aged woman in black robes. She added that a rocket had landed on her neighbour’s house in the morning and killed him and three women. She expressed hatred for Isis and said that when Iraqi soldiers had knocked at her door and asked for information about Isis positions, her small son Yusuf, who looked about eight, had gone to show them the nearest Isis headquarters. 
The people escaping from the eastern side of Mosul give a convincing picture of what is happening there as the army moves forward. Mehdi, a former metal worker but jobless since Isis captured Mosul in June 2014, said that the shelling had started at 8am and had gone on for an hour. He had put his wife and seven children into their car and driven out of the city without much idea of where they were going, so long as it was safe. 
Mehdi confirmed reports that Isis were withdrawing from the eastern side of Mosul, which is separated from the western side by the Tigris River. “They are leaving some two or three fighting positions behind in every district and the fighters there are being killed,” he said. All the local Iraqi fighters were leaving and those who stayed behind were foreign members of Isis. Asked about their nationality, Mehdi said he did not know because he never went near them. He pointed to a cigarette packet in his shirt pocket and said: “We cannot talk to the foreigners because as soon as they smell cigarette smoke from you, they send you off to be whipped.” 
There is no doubt that the great majority of people in Mosul will be glad to get rid of Isis with its cruelty, violence, subjugation of women and religious bigotry. But it is not at all clear what comes next. Isis is likely to lose Mosul, but it will not go wholly out of business in Iraq or anywhere else. It is already resorting to guerrilla raids such as one today when a group of Isis fighters took over a mosque and part of the town of Shirqat, 60 miles south of Mosul, and were resisting counter-attack. They did the same in Kirkuk last month when 100 Isis fighters mysteriously invaded the centre of the oil city. 
But the effect of the recapture of Mosul, the second largest city in Iraq, on the morale and war-making capacity of Isis should be great. Isis will no longer have the human and financial resources of the self-declared Caliphate, at its peak a powerful administrative machine, to support its campaign of slaughter at home and abroad. The very fact of defeat is likely to be damaging for a movement that claimed its victories were divinely inspired. 
Another point seldom noticed will make it difficult for Isis to revert to guerrilla warfare of the type that it has waged in the past. The secret network of supporters and helpers that once sustained al-Qaeda in Iraq, and Isis in its early days, no longer exists. When Isis became the ruler of the area where it had previously had a hidden presence, its local activists came out of hiding and became the new rulers. But with Isis on the retreat and losing its territory, its old guerrilla networks are paying a price for becoming too visible during their day of triumph. 
Isis may be weaker, but this does not mean that it is no longer to be feared. Security may be greater for the minorities living in the Nineveh Plain, the flat land east of Mosul city that was once home to half a million people who might be Christians, Sunni Arabs, Shabak (who speak their own language and mostly Shia), Yazidis or Kakai. The security for these people has improved, but only by comparison with what went before when they were persecuted and driven out by Isis. 
The television pictures since the anti-Isis offensive began on 17 October are deceptively similar to newsreel of French villagers greeting allied armies in France in 1944. “The media is full of talk of the ‘liberation’ of Mosul and the surrounding Nineveh villages,” comments one expert on the area. “I will not speak about ‘liberation’ until the displaced civilians, and especially the powerless minorities, are able to go back to their homes and live in peace and dignity, with a credible guarantee of security.” 
There were no signs of any such guarantee being given anywhere on the Nineveh Plain today. People who wanted to go back to Bartella, for the first time in two years, were being held back at army checkpoints and those who were hoping to welcome relatives trapped in Mosul for two years were left staring at an empty road. There were only a few vehicles with frightened drivers and poles bearing ragged white flags sticking out of the windows. 
Not far from Bartella, there is the empty Syrian Catholic town of Qaraqosh which once had a population of 44,000 who fled in 2014. Yohanna Towara, a local community leader, explains that when they come back they will find that their homes have been destroyed. He says that “my brother’s house was destroyed by an airstrike [by the US-led coalition] and my house was damaged. Daesh [Isis] burned the other houses before they left and they have all been looted a long time ago.” Even where houses are still standing, there is no water or electricity or likelihood of it being restored any time soon. Many of the former residents have already migrated to Australia, France and other parts of the world. 
The chances of restoring any form of security to the Nineveh Plain depends on first of all capturing Mosul from which Isis has destabilised the whole of northern Iraq. It will take time to discover if Mosul is going to be destroyed as well as “liberated”, as has already happened to the Syrian Kurdish city of Kobani in Syria and the Sunni Arab city of Ramadi in Iraq. It is also unclear if Isis will be able to revert to guerrilla warfare, to which its tactics of using suicide bombers alongside well-trained and fanatical infantry, are well-suited. 
It was difficult not to wonder today how soon the Sunni Arabs, who were fleeing Mosul because of a mortar barrage, would be able to go back. It may be that the conflict in Iraq is not going to end with any form of power-sharing, as so often recommended by foreign powers, but because the war has finally produced winners and losers – and the people of Mosul will be among the latter. (Reprinted from The Independent by permission of author or representative)",0
6384,"Donald Trump, Aleppo, Russia: Your Monday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Russia’s ambassador to Turkey was assassinated by a lone gunman who shouted “Don’t forget Syria!” at an art opening in Ankara. A photographer from The Associated Press who was attending the event captured the image above. Russian officials called it a terrorist attack. The gunman was killed by the Turkish police. Russia’s extensive military intervention in Syria has given President Bashar   the decisive upper hand against his opponents in the   civil war. _____ 2. Just hours earlier, the United Nations Security Council voted to monitor evacuations from Aleppo, with an adjustment to win Russian backing that means Syrian soldiers and allied Shiite militias may be able to block monitors’ access. Aid groups say about 50, 000 civilians may still be trapped in besieged areas of the city. Among those evacuated was Bana Alabed, the    girl whose Twitter feed about life in wartime has led some to call her a   Anne Frank. _____ 3. The 538 members of the Electoral College convened in every state and the District of Columbia and made the final determination of president and  . Amid protests, the votes piled up for Donald J. Trump and Mike Pence. Mr. Trump’s victory, despite his loss of the popular vote, has refocused attention on the complicated system America uses to select presidents. Former President Bill Clinton, above, was one of the electors. _____ 4. Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the International Monetary Fund, was found guilty of criminal charges linked to the misuse of public funds during her time as France’s finance minister. Ms. Lagarde will not face jail time. But the verdict could destabilize the fund at a crucial time. _____ 5. Nine people were killed when a truck plowed into a holiday market in Berlin. The authorities said they believed it was an attack. Germany has not seen a   terror attack in recent years. _____ 6. A new study found that pregnancy alters the size and shape of a woman’s brain. The changes may help the brain specialize in tasks tied to motherhood, like recognizing an infant’s needs, recognizing threats and   bonding. The study found no loss of memory, verbal skills or working memory, providing what one doctor called “evidence against the common myth of ‘mommy brain. ’” _____ 7. For the second year in a row, our   article (besides our election coverage) was about love. Specifically, about the messy parts of it. The essay “Why You Will Marry the Wrong Person” argues that everyone does just that. And what should be discarded, instead of the partner, is the notion that a perfect being exists who can satisfy every need and yearning. Here’s the full list. _____ 8. A scathing attack on global health advice to eat less sugar as “unscientific” set off a storm of criticism. The authors of the paper, published in a prominent medical journal, have ties to the food and sugar industries, and the review was paid for by a group funded by companies including   Hershey, General Mills, Kraft Foods, Kellogg’s and Monsanto. Critics said the episode recalled how the tobacco industry enlisted scientists for decades as “merchants of doubt” about the hazards of smoking. _____ 9. Snap away this holiday season. You can transform your pictures into   artwork. New online services offer printing on surfaces like burlap, wood boards, acrylic and    fabric. And for older prints, we include advice on digitizing services. _____ 10. Finally, we asked some notably avid readers  —   who also happen to be poets, musicians, diplomats, filmmakers, novelists, actors and artists  —   to share the books that accompanied them through 2016. Let Junot Díaz, Mary Oliver, Ava DuVernay and other inspiring minds help you build your next reading list. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s Friday’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
6386,Marvel Responds After Artist Allegedly Inserts Anti-Semitic and Christian References in X-Men Comic - Breitbart,"Marvel Comics was forced to issue an apology following the discovery of alleged   and   references in a recent issue of   by artist Ardian Syaf. [Indonesian artist Ardian Syaf allegedly inserted political and religious references in relation to the recent Indonesian election into the first issue of the new comic series   Gold. Syaf’s work on the comic reportedly featured a reference to the Koran verse Al Maidah 5:51 which urges Muslims not to take Christians and Jews as allies. The verse translates, “O you who have believed, do not take the Jews and the Christians as allies. They are, in fact, allies of one another. And whoever is an ally to them among you  —   then indeed, he is one of them. Indeed, Allah guides not the wrongdoing people. ”  The verse can be seen on the shirt of   character Colossus.  Hundreds of thousands of Muslims marched against the Christian governor of Jakarta, Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, after he criticized his political opponent’s reference to the verse. As a result, many Muslims saw this as an act of blasphemy and called for the prosecution of Purnama. The comic also referenced the number 212 which is a direct reference to the protests held against Purnama on the December 2 last year. The same panel that features the number 212 also features the Jewish   character Kitty Pryde standing in the foreground.  Marvel Comics was quick to respond to concerns raised by those that noticed Syaf’s messages within the issue, releasing a statement on the matter to Bleeding Cool. “The mentioned artwork in   Gold #1 was inserted without knowledge behind its reported meanings,” stated Marvel Comics. “These implied references do not reflect the views of the writer, editors or anyone else at Marvel and are in direct opposition of the inclusiveness of Marvel Comics and what the   have stood for since their creation. This artwork will be removed from subsequent printings, digital versions, and trade paperbacks and disciplinary action is being taken. ” Syaf declined to comment on the matter when questioned by Bleeding Cool but did reply to one fan who messaged him on Facebook. In the ensuing conversation, Syaf did confirm that the numbers included within the comic were references to the current Indonesian political situation.    G. Willow Wilson, a Muslim comic book writer and creator of Ms. Marvel character Kamala Khan, tweeted her opinion on Syaf: Yeah pardon my French but f**k this guy. Kiss your career goodbye. https:  .   —   G. Willow Wilson (@GWillowWilson) April 9, 2017,  Wilson later posted a further reflection on Syaf and his work in a longer Tumblr post: Here is What Quran 5:51 Actually Says  —   This has been a banner week for comics, my friends. A banner week  …    . https:  .   —   G. Willow Wilson (@GWillowWilson) April 9, 2017,  Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
6387,‘There’s No Law on the Amazon’: River Pirates Terrorize Ships by Night - The New York Times,"MACAPÁ, Brazil  —   The pirates of the Amazon River relish striking after nightfall. Wearing balaclavas, 15 of the marauders stormed Merinaldo Paiva’s riverboat as dozens of his passengers dozed in their hammocks. Suddenly, they woke to find rifles pointed at their heads. The gunmen took cash, jewelry, smartphones, fuel and even food, forcing everyone to lie facedown on the deck. Then they disappeared on speedboats into the Amazon, a waterway so vast that some in Brazil’s frontier call it the  . “Every riverboat captain knows they’re at the mercy of these bastards,” said the captain, Mr. Paiva, 41, who has been plying the rivers of Brazil’s rain forests since he was a teenager. “We’re lucky it wasn’t worse,” he added of the robbery in April, listing other attacks in which passengers had been raped, tortured or killed. Piracy has long been a fact of life on the rivers of Brazil’s anarchic wilderness. But as the population in the Amazon surges and drug gangs expand their sway over the region, hijacking opportunities have flourished. And police forces are struggling to keep up with the crime, culminating in a series of recent attacks that have terrorized riverboat crews and their passengers. In October, four masked pirates with rifles took over a fuel ship on the Solimões River and stole more than 2, 600 gallons of diesel fuel, along with the cash, watches and clothing of the crew. In September, 10 masked men stormed a passenger ship near the city of Belém, robbing 260 passengers at once. The attackers used one woman aboard as a human shield during the ordeal. The month before, the police released a video of men from one crew  —   the   Pirates of the Solimões River  —   interrogating a rival gangster next to a dead body, putting riverbank dwellers on edge throughout the Amazon Basin. In a previous case near the city of Manaus, Huederson Paulino, a pirate who used the nom de guerre Mohican, confessed to killing and dismembering two men on a boat selling ice and salt. He led a gang that stole cash and fuel from the victims, and said his aim was to get spending money for Christmas. “I needed the money, so I did what was best for me,” Mr. Paulino, 24, told reporters. The growing alarm over piracy dovetails with rapid changes in the region. Far from an empty expanse of rain forest dotted by tiny outposts, the Brazilian Amazon has nearly 25 million people, with about two million in Manaus alone. The region’s population surged 22 percent from 2000 to 2010, according to census figures  —   nearly double the rate of the country as a whole. But the Amazon is also one of the poorest parts of Brazil, and organized crime has spread, feeding a sense of lawlessness in the vast river basin. In remote riverbank villages, residents complain that police boats rarely venture into the waterways where many of the pirate attacks take place. The authorities say they are trying. Here in Macapá, a city of 370, 000 in northern Brazil, an elite squad of   police officers from the Environmental Battalion regularly patrol the Amazon River for pirates, often called water rats in local parlance. “Just as highwaymen prey on road travelers elsewhere in Brazil, pirates are the scourge we face here in the Amazon,” said Lt. Col. Protásio Barriga Caldas, 47, the commander of Amapá State’s   Environmental Battalion. Robbers have stalked these waterways for years. In one notorious case, pirates fatally shot Sir Peter Blake, the world champion yachtsman from New Zealand, in 2001. The gunmen boarded his vessel, the Seamaster, and robbed and attacked the crew. Mr. Blake managed to shoot one of the assailants in the hand, but died after being shot in the lung and heart. These days, with more targets on the rivers and more criminal groups involved, riverboat operators warn that the pirates are growing even more ruthless and sophisticated. In one case this year, the police in Amazonas State captured José Conceição de Souza, a pirate who confessed to killing two Colombian drug traffickers and stealing 573 pounds of cocaine the traffickers were taking by boat to Manaus. Galdino Alencar, the president of the Union of River Navigation Companies of Amazonas State, said that pirates were increasingly targeting ships carrying large cargoes for the growing population of the Amazon, including cooking gas, electronic devices, cement and dried beef. But the most coveted cargo for pirates, he said, is fuel. “It’s a product they can steal and go on to sell to gold miners operating illegally in the forest,” Mr. Alencar said. He added that pirates were also stepping up attacks on ships docked in large cities like Manaus, spurring calls by his organization to create a federal river police force. Colonel Caldas said the pirates usually traveled on speedboats, giving them a quickness and agility that bulkier riverboats lack. He added that they often came from impoverished urban areas or   riverbank villages, and preyed on forest dwellers who rely on riverboats to purchase food, visit relatives or obtain medical care in Amazon cities. Patrolling the Amazon’s colossal rivers for pirates can resemble a futile game of   . On one river mission in October, police officers questioned residents of a settlement near the Port of Santana who described living in constant fear of pirates. “There’s no law on the Amazon River,” said Odete Souza França, 49, whose family makes its living by fishing and cultivating açaí, the coveted purple fruit that is a staple here. She described a recent attack in which pirates boarded the canoe of her    son, tied him up, and stole his GPS device and a cylinder of cooking gas. Catching such culprits involves immense challenges. To start with, the rivers of the Amazon Basin course through a region almost the size of the contiguous United States. Ships on the main waterways can go days without seeing the police or navy boats. Pirates often know the rivers and surrounding terrain better than security forces, and can drop out of sight into   villages. Police officers here in Amapá State also complain that pirates often carry out their attacks in one state, only to dart over the border into a neighboring one with a different jurisdiction. “Catching pirates is like waging war against guerrilla fighters,” said Capt. Lúcio Lima, the chief of a special operations unit of the Amapá police force that hunts down river bandits. “They are elusive foes who make the most of their knowledge of river currents, geography and topography. ” When two Polish explorers  —   Dawid Andres, 41, and Hubert Kisinski, 33  —   traveled the length of the Amazon River this year on pontoons outfitted with mountain bikes, they faced challenges from   waters to whirlpools. Still, they said their scariest moments came when pirates in Brazil approached them on three occasions. Each time, they said, they were able to talk their way out of daunting situations. “It’s the stuff of a nightmare when a crew in   holding huge guns approaches you on the river,” Mr. Kisinski said. Recalling one episode, he said that he and Mr. Andres had calmly explained that they were traveling without valuable items, and then asked the pirates if they had any beer to relieve the stress of the situation. “That calmed them down a bit they even started to laugh,” Mr. Kisinski said. “One needs to keep a clear head when facing pirates in the Amazon. ”",0
6388,"Lisa Murkowski Camp Spends $240,000 on Steak Dinners for Special Interest Friends","Poll Released 36 Years Ago Today Had Reagan Down by 8… He Won in a Landslide 
Most of the money spent on these expensive steak dinners was spent outside Alaska, in an effort to butter up her special-interest friends. 
“The cavalier attitude Lisa Murkowski has used in spending contributors’ dollars reflects a Big Government mindset she has employed in spending taxpayers’ hard-earned dollars in Washington, D.C,” Joe Miller said. 
She is a typical liberal fat cat who cares more about upholding a failing establishment than spending taxpayer dollars on the issues her constituents voted for her to address. She cares more about keeping her job so she can hang out with her special-interest friends than she does about actually doing her job.   
If Alaskans really want a responsible government that is going to work for the people and not for the establishment, it’s time to let Murkowski go. 
It’s not just good for Republicans, it’s good for the country, because since Murkowski succeeded her father in the Senate in 2002, the national debt has increased by over $13 trillion. Now she spends nearly a quarter million on eating out. 
She is the most liberal Republican up for reelection and has voted with President Barack Obama over 72 percent of the time during the last Senate. With the possibility of Hillary Clinton taking office, do Americans really want Murkowski in that seat? 
“The 36-year Murkowski dynasty has led Alaska and helped lead the nation down a dead-end road,” Miller stated. “If we want to change the course of our state and nation, we must change the people we send to Washington, D.C.”  ",0
6389,No Deal on Health Care as Congress Goes into Recess - Breitbart,"The failure of Republicans’ recent health care reform bill to pass through Congress and win popular support means there will be no changes to America’s crumbling health care system as lawmakers head into a   recess. [The bill, the chief architect of which was Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, was dubbed Obamacare 2. 0, as it failed to fully repeal parts of Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act.  Some of the problems with the bill included persistent rising health care costs and maintaining certain health care provisions for illegal aliens, potentially leaving both Republicans in Congress and the Trump administration vulnerable to an electoral backlash. Throughout his presidential campaign, Donald Trump promised to fully repeal and replace Obamacare, making it a priority during his first months in office. Having taken office, Trump’s first executive order called on federal agencies to “ease the burden” of Obamacare by giving states “more flexibility and control to create a more free and open healthcare market. ” ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 25, 2017,  However, Trump supported the recent bill, stating that he was “100 percent” behind it and blaming the Republican Freedom Caucus for its failure. He has since said that when Obamacare “explodes,” a new healthcare plan will be put in place. On Wednesday evening, Paul Ryan was seen entering the White House to discuss redrafting the bill, which was called the American Health Care Act. One of the key issues of contention surrounding a redraft are regulations imposed on insurance companies, which opponents say are driving up the cost of healthcare for everyone, besides those with   conditions. The failure to secure a deal on health care has left both Trump’s and Republicans’s approval ratings at record lows just months into a new administration. With a crowded agenda of tax reform, immigration enforcement, as well as preventing a potential government shutdown, Republicans must prioritize securing a good healthcare deal if they are to hold onto both their House and Senate majorities.   You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
6390,"One in 6 American Adults Say They Have Taken Psychiatric Drugs, Report Says - The New York Times","About one in six American adults reported taking at least one psychiatric drug, usually an antidepressant or an   medication, and most had been doing so for a year or more, according to a new analysis. The report is based on 2013 government survey data on some 37, 421 adults and provides the   snapshot of prescription drug use for psychological and sleep problems to date. “I follow this area, so I knew the numbers would be high,” said Thomas J. Moore, a researcher at the Institute for Safe Medication Practices, a nonprofit in Alexandria, Va. and the lead author of the analysis, which was published Monday in JAMA Internal Medicine. “But in some populations, the rates are extraordinary. ” Mr. Moore and his   Donald R. Mattison of Risk Sciences International in Ottawa, combed household survey and insurance data compiled by the federal Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality. They found that one in five women had reported filling at least one prescription that year  —   about two times the number of men who had  —   and that whites were about twice as likely to have done so than blacks or Hispanics. Nearly 85 percent of those who had gotten at least one drug had filled multiple prescriptions for that drug over the course of the year studied, which the authors considered   use. “To discover that eight in 10 adults who have taken psychiatric drugs are using them long term raises safety concerns, given that there’s reason to believe some of this continued use is due to dependence and withdrawal symptoms,” Mr. Moore said. Dr. Mark Olfson, a professor of psychiatry at Columbia University, who was not involved in the study, said the new analysis provided a clear, detailed picture of current usage: “It reflects a growing acceptance of and reliance on prescription medications” to manage common emotional problems, he said. The most commonly used type of drug was an antidepressant like Zoloft and Celexa, followed by an   or sleeping pill like Xanax and Ambien. All of these drugs can have withdrawal effects, including panic attacks and sleep problems, for many people on them long term. The prescribing of most   pills is strongly regulated in this and other countries because the drugs can be habit forming. Usage rates were also higher with increased age, with one in four people of retirement age reporting at least one prescription. This is a growing concern among some doctors, as the incidence of diagnosable mental problems, with the exception of insomnia, tends to be much lower in elderly people than in young adults. The increased rates in this group are most likely due in part to the fact that most elderly people get psychiatric drugs from their primary care doctor, who often prescribe for episodic conditions like mild depression and insomnia. “Particularly for this group, we need to be mindful of the   in prescribing,” Dr. Olfson said. “These are not benign drugs. ”",0
6391,Post-truth age ‘a challenge’ for tabloids,"November 18, 2016 
An oily spokesman for MailOnline said that the post-truth age had left red-top journalists with nowhere to go: ‘They’ve got to be prepared to believe even more ridiculous things now, what with truth being such a fluid concept. Speaking of fluids, is it 10am yet? I make it a rule never to have a drink before then’ 
Taking a break from doorstepping a recently bereaved mother, a Sun reporter said that since the paper had never to his knowledge printed anything truthful, to find that we are now supposedly living in age in which truth was largely irrelevant left him confused and drunk: ‘What are we supposed to do now? Make stuff even more made up? Make up stuff about stuff we’ve already made up? Hang on, here she comes. Show us yer tits love and smile for fuck’s sake! Where was I?’",0
6392,Politicians to Skip Boston St. Patrick’s Day Parade After Gay Group Is Banned - The New York Times,"Some of Massachusetts’s top politicians said on Wednesday that they would not attend the St. Patrick’s Day Parade in South Boston after organizers told a group of gay and transgender military veterans that they would not be allowed to march on March 19 after two years of L. G. B. T. inclusion in the event. The governor, Charlie Baker, and the mayor of Boston, Martin J. Walsh, both announced their decision to skip the parade over its decision to bar the group, OutVets. In a statement, the mayor encouraged the public to do the same. “I will not tolerate discrimination in our city of any form,” Mr. Walsh said. “I will not be marching in the parade unless this is resolved. Anyone who values what our city stands for should do the same. ” Mr. Baker said it “doesn’t make any sense” to exclude the group. “If veterans’ groups aren’t allowed to march in that parade for whatever reason, then I’ll probably do something else,” he told reporters on Wednesday. The controversy began on Tuesday night when the parade organizers, the South Boston Allied War Veterans Council, voted 9 to 4 to exclude OutVets. Dan Magoon, the executive director of Massachusetts Fallen Heroes, resigned as the parade’s chief marshal over that decision. Mr. Magoon, who voted in favor of including OutVets, said there was “strong opposition” to the group’s participation. He said opponents cited the group’s late application as well as a past code of conduct violation. “They didn’t tell us anything detailed or specific about the incident, but it was enough to swing the vote,” Mr. Magoon said. According to the code of conduct published by the Allied War Veterans Council, the parade does not ban L. G. B. T. groups, but it also “will not allow the advertisement or display of one’s sexual orientation as a topic that should in any way be depicted as a theme of our parade. ” Bryan Bishop, the founder of OutVets, said parade organizers told him on Wednesday night that a small rainbow patch that has been part of the group’s logo since 2014 was found to be in violation of that rule. “My jaw just dropped on the floor,” he said. Marchers from his group wore jackets with the logo in 2015 and 2016 without incident, he said. Organizers told him Wednesday that they had violated the rules two years in a row. “They said people felt that rainbows represent the gay community,” Mr. Bishop said. “I told them if that’s the case, then every picture of a rainbow in the parade that leads to a pot of gold needs to be removed. ” Mr. Bishop said parade organizers told him they would allow his group to march only if it removed the rainbow patch or did not display its logo, which he refused. “They refuse to change their minds,” he said. “They are stuck in an arcane time in our history. ” He said parade organizers also complained that allowing OutVets to march had cost them support from the Roman Catholic Church. Leaders of the veterans council did not respond to emails or return phone calls on Wednesday evening seeking comment. “This is an issue that didn’t need to exist because OutVets has marched consecutively for the last two years with no incident,” Mr. Magoon said. It was the first L. G. B. T. group to march in the Boston parade. The decision in Boston represents a backsliding on gay and transgender rights in one of the most liberal cities in the country, and it appeared to take many there by surprise. Michael Flaherty, a Boston city councilor, said the decision was “disgusting,” adding, “Whoever voted for this is a nitwit. ” United States Senator Edward J. Markey said he would boycott the parade, too, unless the veterans council changed its decision, which he called “a stunning and inexplicable reversal. ” “We all believed we’d moved beyond a time when the St. Patrick’s Day Parade was used as an occasion to exclude people, in this case veterans, from our community just because of who they are or who they love,” he said in a statement. Sponsors of the parade began to drop out on Wednesday as well. The supermarket Stop  Shop said it would no longer sponsor the parade, and   said it was “evaluating” its continued participation in the event. As politicians and sponsors began to object, The Associated Press reported on Thursday that the veterans council would hold an emergency meeting on Friday to reconsider their decision. Gay and transgender groups campaigned for years to be included in St. Patrick’s Day parades in Boston, New York and other cities. Organizers historically told gay and transgender people they could not march under their own banner but could march with other groups in the parades, which celebrate Irish heritage and were traditionally organized by   groups often deeply influenced by the Roman Catholic Church. When an L. G. B. T. group marched in the New York parade with Mayor David N. Dinkins in 1991, spectators shouted epithets and threw beer bottles at them for nearly 40 blocks. The mayor told reporters the experience reminded him of marching in Birmingham, Ala. during the civil rights movement. “I knew there would be deep emotions, but I did not anticipate the cowards in the crowd,” he said. The conflict over the New York parade came to a head in 2014 when Mayor Bill de Blasio boycotted it  —   the first mayor since Mr. Dinkins to do so  —   over its ban on L. G. B. T. groups. Guinness, a leading sponsor of the parade, also cut ties that year. The first L. G. B. T. group marched in New York in 2015. Niall O’Dowd, the publisher of several   news media outlets, said some   in Boston objected to the participation of OutVets in 2015, but when the group returned in 2016 “there was no problem. ” He compared opponents of L. G. B. T. participation in the parades to Japanese soldiers who refused to surrender at the end of World War II and kept fighting for decades from isolated positions. “This is just insane. This fight has been won. There’s no question,” he said. “Everyone thought this would be part of the usual historical progression, but now they’ve banned them again, which is extraordinary. ”",0
6393,"1,000 Children Face Uncertain Future In Destroyed Calais Jungle","Videos 1,000 Children Face Uncertain Future In Destroyed Calais Jungle Volunteer refugee aid organizations report that children being housed in a shipping container park have inadequate access to food and water. | November 1, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! A migrant stands next to his tent burnt in the makeshift migrant camp known as “the jungle” near Calais, northern France, Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016. As French authorities finished demolishing Monday the embattled Calais refugee camp, known as the “Jungle,” the fate of over 1,000 children reportedly living in dismal conditions in shipping containers in the cleared camp remained unclear, while thousands of others have been forced into precarious living in the streets of Paris. 
French officials have said that the camp will be completely razed by Monday evening, according to AFP. The infamously-nicknamed “Jungle” previously housed some 6,000 refugees and migrants from Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia and other war-ravaged countries. 
But while authorities tear down the remaining make-shift shelters, it remains unclear what will happen to the more than 1,000 children that volunteer aid organizations claim are still living in the camp in shipping containers without access to proper food and water. 
“Once again it seems there were only volunteers on hand to look after the 1,500 residents of the shipping container camp most of whom are minors,” the organization Help Refugees wrote on Facebook Sunday. “Water and food seem not to have been provided by the state. Children have no idea what is happening to them and volunteers equally don’t know what to say and themselves are not allowed into the containers.” 
French authorities have also begun to crack down on other settlements where displaced refugees and migrants have flocked in the face of no formal options. Workers began evicting people Monday by clearing tents and mattresses from Paris’ Stalingrad district, where some 2,000 migrants had been seeking refuge under an overhead transit route, AFP reported. Police in riot gear guarded the area. 
Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo has urged federal authorities to take concrete steps to address the “dramatic humanitarian and sanitary situation” surging in parts of the city, especially the northeast, the extremity of the city closest to Calais. 
Meanwhile, President Francois Hollande has said that France will “no longer tolerate” make-shift refugee camps like the Calais Jungle, saying they are “unbecoming of what a French welcome should be.” 
The children housed in the shipping container park are reportedly awaiting relocation — the details of which remain unclear. Authorities say they will not demolish a church and mosque in the cleared camp as long as children remain housed in the area. 
Hundreds of refugees and migrants are still hoping to be transferred to the United Kingdom. Advocates have called on the U.K. government to restart and speed up the processes of transferring unaccompanied asylum seeking children from the Jungle in particular. 
U.K. authorities claim they are addressing the situation, but refugee advocated fear children are being lied to and placed on buses to be shipping elsewhere in France to uncertain conditions.",0
6395,"Comment on ‘Voting Is Rigged & Used To Pacify The Public’ Says Three-Time US Presidential Candidate Ron Paul by Anonymous: There Is No One Way To Live On This Planet, But We Can Be Harmonious – Collective Evolution","Share on Facebook Share on Twitter “This is the way the system works, it’s a rotten system, and I see elections as so much of a charade. So much deceit goes on. . . . whether it’s a Republican or a Democrat president, the people who want to keep the status quo seems to have their finger in the pot and can control things. They just get so nervous so, if they have an independent thinker out there, whether it’s Sanders, or Trump, or Ron Paul, they’re going to be very desperate to try to change things. . . . More people are discovering that the system is all rigged, and that voting is just pacification for the voters and it really doesn’t count.” advertisement - learn more Above are the words of Dr. Ron Paul, three-time presidential candidate and a former member of the U.S. House of Representatives. Similar to Bernie Sanders, Dr. Paul attracted significant attention while he was in the running, appealing to the intellect of the masses and helping to wake people up to the realities of the U.S. electoral system. U.S. presidential elections are rigged. This is the truth that he, and Sanders, and so many others, hope to make clear. Voting only provides the illusion of democracy, it does not actually serve democracy. In the video below, Dr. Paul goes on to describe how the electoral process has become a giant charade, meant to entertain rather facilitate democracy. He also argues that who exactly is chosen for president is irrelevant, because corporate interests will always prevent them from effecting real change. In a recent debate with Hilary Clinton, Bernie Sanders made the same arguments, saying that “no matter who is elected to be president, that person . . . will not be able to succeed because the power of corporate America, the power of Wall Street, (and) the power of campaign donors is so great that no president alone can stand up to them.” ( source ) It is an uncomfortable truth, as Bernie himself admits, but it is a reality we must face. And hearing this for the first time can be jarring, to be sure. We’ve been told that the world operates in a specific way, that we decide who our political leaders will be, but as with anything in life, it’s important that we discover the truth for ourselves rather than trusting blindly the words of others. We have been programmed to believe everything we are told, and corporate media is not telling us the truth. Dr. Paul and Bernie Sanders are not the only major political figures to speak out about this issue. Various presidents and politicians have been saying this for decades. For example, Theodore Roosevelt, the 26 President of the United States, told the world that “behind the ostensible government sits enthroned an invisible government owing no allegiance and acknowledging no responsibility to the people.” He also stated that “presidents are selected, not elected.” Even the very first British MP, Benjamin Disraeli, warned us that “the world is governed by very different personages to what is imagined by those who are not behind the scenes.” Here is a very memorable quote from former New York City (1918-1925) Mayor John F. Hylan: advertisement - learn more The real menace of our Republic is the invisible government, which like a giant octopus sprawls its slimy legs over our cities, states and nation . . . The little coterie of powerful international bankers virtually run the United States government for their own selfish purposes. They practically control both parties . . . [and] control the majority of the newspapers and magazines in this country. They use the columns of these papers to club into submission or drive out of office public officials who refuse to do the bidding of the powerful corrupt cliques which compose the invisible government. It operates under cover of a self-created screen [and] seizes our executive officers, legislative bodies, schools, courts, newspapers and every agency created for the public protection. ( source )( source ) Here is another great one from the 28th president of the United States, Woodrow Wilson, taken from his book The New Freedom : Since I entered politics, I have chiefly had men’s views confided to me privately. Some of the biggest men in the United State, in the field of commerce and manufacture, are afraid of somebody, are afraid of something. They know that there is a power somewhere so organized, so subtle, so watchful, so interlocked, so complete, so pervasive, that they had better not speak above their breath when they speak in condemnation of it. ( source ) As you can see, the idea that the system is corrupt and ruled by outside influence is not a new one, but it is only recently that the general population has begun to see it for themselves. Your Inbox Will Never Be The Same Inspiration and all our best content, straight to your inbox. 
“Democracy is popular because of the illusion of choice and participation it provides, but when you live in a society in which most people’s knowledge of the world extends as far as sports, sitcoms, reality shows, and celebrity gossip, democracy because a very dangerous idea. Until people are properly educated and informed, instead of indoctrinated to be ignorant mindless consumers, democracy is nothing more than a clever tool used by the ruling class to subjugate the rest of of us.” – Gavin Nascimento. Presidents now seem to be little more than figureheads, meant to capture the hearts and attention of the people while leaving corporations (controlled by the big banks) free to do as they will, polluting and destroying our planet in their endless quest for profit. Barack Obama was a big time celebrity, and there is no doubt in my mind that Hillary Clinton will be the same by taking on the role of “first female president.” While this is obviously a commendable and much-needed step forward for gender quality, I think we need to take a step back and consider the bigger picture. We can’t look to our political leaders for change, we have to look to ourselves, because our desires are not being represented or addressed in the political sphere. The ongoing GMO debate is just one example of this, but there are many. If we want to change the things which matter the most — the degradation of the environment, the military industrial complex, poverty, among others — we can’t keep looking to political ‘leaders’ like Obama or international organizations like the UN, all of whom give empty speeches, year after year, like they’ve always done, without taking real action. And nothing ever seems to get done. Don’t let them fool you any longer. Change will not come from them; it never has and it never will. Change can only come from you and from me, and the first step is awareness. See the circus for what it is and choose not to participate. If we keep looking to ‘them’ to provide the solutions we need to take care of our planet, we will continue down this road to destruction. It’s how we got here in the first place. I will leave you with these words from the late Carl Sagan, which neatly explain how it is we continue to be blinded by those in control: “ One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If we’ve been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle. The bamboozle has captured us. Once you give a charlatan power over you, you almost never get it back.” 

The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
6396,Donald Trump Plans Visit to Paul Ryan’s District During Speaker’s Europe Trip - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump plans to visit Speaker Paul Ryan’s district in Wisconsin on Tuesday, but the Speaker will not join him. [According to a spokesman appearing on Fox 6, Ryan will be traveling in Europe to meet with NATO allies.  Trump is expected to visit the   tools headquarters in Kenosha, Wisconsin to highlight his     agenda. Ryan had visited the   innovation center in 2015 to host a Congressional listening session.  Ryan won his   campaign in the 1st Congressional District of Wisconsin in 2016 with 65 percent of the vote in 2016 after defeating his primary challenger Paul Nehlen with 84 percent of the vote. Trump won Wisconsin in the 2016 presidential election by about 22, 000 votes over former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.",0
6397,Canadian Journalist’s Detention at U.S. Border Raises Press Freedom Alarms - The New York Times,"Ed Ou, a Canadian freelance photojournalist, spent 10 years covering the Middle East, Africa and Central Asia. He endured aggressive interrogations at border crossings in some of the world’s most authoritarian nations. But he says a recent confrontation at the United States border has left him shaken. The incident has been criticized by advocates of privacy and press freedom. Mr. Ou, 30, said he was detained on Oct. 1 for more than six hours when he tried to fly from Vancouver, British Columbia, to Bismarck, N. D. to cover the protests of an oil pipeline project near the Standing Rock reservation. He was ultimately denied entry, and he said though he was not given a reason, he was told his name matched that of a “person of interest. ” During the hours of detention, he was asked to describe how and why he had traveled to each country he had visited in the past five years, and questioned about whether he had seen anyone die. Agents requested access to his phones and to look through his photos so that they could make sure he was “not posing next to any dead bodies,” he said. When he refused, citing the need to protect his sources as a journalist, they took the phones, he said. The phones were later returned and showed signs that the SIM cards had been replaced, he said. Giving up the contents of his private phone would be akin to a doctor giving up confidential patient information, he said. “I’m not going to open my phone for any other country,” Mr. Ou, a New York Times contributor who was an intern for the news organization in 2010, said in a phone interview on Thursday from Nunavut, Canada. “I can’t be expected to do the same for the U. S. ” Jason Givens, a United States Customs and Border Protection spokesman, declined to comment on Mr. Ou’s case, citing privacy laws. But he said agents had inspected 4, 444 cellphones and 320 other electronic devices in 2015, amounting to 0. 0012 percent of the 383 million arrivals. “Keeping America safe and enforcing our nation’s laws in an increasingly digital world depends on our ability to lawfully examine all materials entering the U. S.,” Mr. Givens said in a statement on Thursday. The American Civil Liberties Union wrote a letter to Customs and Border Protection and the Department of Homeland Security, protesting Mr. Ou’s treatment and calling it “harassing and exceptionally intrusive. ” It demanded an explanation of his detention, and asked for a guarantee that any copies of his belongings had been destroyed. Agents made photocopies of several documents in his possession, including a personal journal, Mr. Ou said. It should have been clear to agents that Mr. Ou was a working journalist who had traveled freely to the United States in the past and had longstanding connections to American news agencies, Hugh Handeyside, a lawyer, wrote in the A. C. L. U. letter. “We believe that C. B. P. took advantage of Mr. Ou’s application for admission to engage in an opportunistic fishing expedition for sensitive and confidential information that Mr. Ou had gathered through his   activities in Turkey, Iraq, Somalia and elsewhere,” he wrote. Electronic privacy advocates said the episode illustrated a governmental loophole that’s especially problematic for journalists but that could apply to anyone: Without a warrant, American border agents can legally search digital devices that they wouldn’t be able to touch anywhere else. The Fourth Amendment protects against unreasonable searches and seizures, but the Supreme Court carved out space for border patrol agents to examine personal property without a warrant, said Sophia Cope, a staff lawyer for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a nonprofit organization that defends civil liberties in the digital age. Security officers at United States airports don’t need a judge’s permission to search a traveler’s backpack before he or she boards a flight the way a police officer would when stopping someone on the street. But it has to be for the narrow purpose of assuring immigration or security compliance, she said. The privacy implications of examining a cellphone are entirely different from rifling through a suitcase, which contains limited personal information, Ms. Cope said. The law regarding digital devices is “really unsettled,” she said. “The government is saying the old rule at the border applies to digital devices, even though our entire lives are on these devices,” Ms. Cope said. A Homeland Security policy from 2009 says that searching digital devices requires the owner of the digital device to be present during the search, though it doesn’t guarantee the owner can monitor the search. Agents can make copies of the data, but the copies must be destroyed within seven days if there is no probable cause to seize it. Devices can be detained for up to five days, barring “extenuating circumstances. ” The policy’s assurance that agents would “protect that information from unauthorized disclosure” is not particularly comforting for journalists, who fear the contents of their devices could unmask sources who would be in danger if the government learned their identities. Maria   a reporter for The Wall Street Journal, recounted a similar episode in a Facebook post in July after she was detained at Los Angeles International Airport and asked to turn over her cellphones. The request was eventually withdrawn after Ms.   a United States citizen traveling on an American passport, objected and asked to call lawyers for her newspaper. Trevor Timm, the executive director of the Freedom of the Press Foundation, said that for journalists like Mr. Ou who have worked in the Middle East to be treated with suspicion, potentially forcing them to break promises of confidentiality to sources just to enter the country, sets a poor international precedent, he said. “If this is requisite for journalists who are not U. S. citizens to enter the U. S. that is an enormous violation of press freedom,” he said. Mr. Ou was assigned by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation to cover the Standing Rock protests as part of a project on indigenous health care in North America. He said the agents knew he intended to cover the protests, which have prompted the police to use rubber bullets, pepper spray and water cannons against hundreds of people. His experience at the border led to an “awful realization,” Mr. Ou said: “That wall of naïveté that I had about the freedom of the press in the U. S. kind of shattered at that moment. ”",0
6398,"E-post – Hillary Clinton og Den muslimske brorskapen, av Thierry Meyssan","E-post – Hillary Clinton og Den muslimske brorskapen av Thierry Meyssan FBI-etterforskinga av Hillary Clinton sin private e-post er ikkje retta mot ei forsømmingssak gjeldande tryggleiksrutinar, men mot ein konspirasjon der ein prøver å eliminere eitkvart spor av korrespondansen hennar som skulle ha vore arkivert på serverane til den føderale staten. Denne kan innehalde utveksling om illegal finansiering eller korrupsjon, og om samband mellom Clinton-familien, Den muslimske brorskapen og jihadistane.
Voltaire Network | Damaskus (Syria) | 3 novembre 2016 ελληνικά English Español français Türkçe русский Deutsch Português italiano عربي Hillary Clinton og stabssjefen hennar, Huma Abedin Reprisen på FBI-etterforskinga av Hillary Clinton sine private e-postar handlar ikkje lenger om tryggleiksspørsmål, men heller om lureri og juksing på eit muleg høgforrædersk plan.
Teknisk sett så hadde utanriksministeren, i staden for å bruke ein av dei sikra serverane til den føderale staten, ordna med installasjon av ein privat server i heimen sin, for å kunne bruke internett utan å etterlate seg spor på noka maskin tilhøyrande den føderale staten. Fru Clinton sin private teknikar hadde tømt serveren før FBI kom, så det var umuleg å vite korfor ho hadde sett opp eit slikt nettverk.
Først la FBI merke til at den private serveren ikkje var beskytta med same tryggleikssystem som utanriksdepartementet sin server. Såleis hadde fru Clinton berre gjort seg skuldig i brot på tryggleiken. Deretter konfiskerte FBI datamaskina til tidlegare Kongress-mann Anthony Weiner, eksmannen til Huma Abedin som er stabbsjef for Hillary. FBI fann e-postar frå utanriksministeren på datamaskina hans.
Anthony Weiner er ein jødisk politikar med svært nære band til Clinton-familien som hadde ambisjonar om å bli borgarmeister av New York. Han måtte trekke seg etter ein svært puritansk skandale – han hadde sendt erotiske SMS’ar til ei ung kvinne som ikkje var kona hans. Huma Abedin separerte seg offisielt frå han under skandalen, men i røynda gjekk ho ikkje frå han.
Huma Abedin er ein US-amerikansk statsborgar som vaks opp i Saudi-Arabia. Far hennar er direktør for eit akademisk tidsskrift – der ho var medredaktør i mange år – som regelmessig trykker kommentarar frå Den muslimske brorskapen. Mor hennar er president for den saudiske foreininga for kvinnelege medlemmer av Brorskapen, og arbeidde saman med kona til den egyptiske presidenten, Mohamed Morsi. Bror hennar Hassan arbeider for sjeik Yusuf al-Qaradawi, det religiøse overhovudet til Brorskapen og andeleg rådgjevar for Al-Jazeera.
På ei offisiell reise til Saudi-Arabia besøker utanriksministeren høgskulen Dar al-Hekma, akkompagnert av Saleha Abedin (mor til stabbsjefen til Hillary), president for organisasjonen for syster-medlemmane til Brorskapen. Huma Abedin er i dag ein sentral figur i Clinton-kampanjen, ved sidan av kampanje-direktøren John Podesta, eks-generalsekretær av Det kvite hus under Bill Clinton. Podesta er også den utnemnde Kongress-lobbyisten for Kongedømet Saudi-Arabia – for den nette sum av $200 000 per månad. Den 12. juni, 2016 publiserte Petra, det offisielle pressebyrået til Jordan, eit intervju med kronprinsen av Arabia, Mohamed Ben Salmane, der han fortalde om kor moderne familien hans er, som hadde finansiert Hillary Clintons presidentkampanje i storleiksordenen 20%, sjølv om ho er kvinne. Dagen etter denne publiseringa kansellerte byrået dette telegrammet og hevda at internettsida hadde blitt hacka.
I følge Jordans offisielle pressebyrå Petra, publisert den 12. juni 2016, finansierte den saudiske kongefamilien 20 % av Hillary Clintons presidentkampanje. Fru Abedin er ikkje den einaste medlemmen av Obama-administrasjonen med band til Brorskapen. USAs presidents halvbror, Abon’go Malik Obama, er kasserar for Brorskapen sitt misjonsarbeid i Sudan, og også president for stiftinga Barack H. Obama Foundation. Han tar sine ordrar direkte frå Sudans president Omar el-Béchir. Ein Muslimsk bror er medlem av Det nasjonale tryggingsrådet – den høgaste administrative stillinga i USA. Frå 2009 til 2012 var dette Mehdi K. Alhassani. Vi veit ikkje kven som kom etter han, men Det kvite hus nekta for at en Muslimsk bror var medlem av Rådet inntil bevis kom fram i lyset. Ein Muslimsk bror, Rashad Hussain, er også US-amerikansk ambassadør til Den islamske konferansen [OIC, ein organisasjon med 57 medlemsstatar, stifta i Saudi-Arabia i mai 1971, til fremje av muslimsk solidaritet]. Dei andre Brørne som har blitt identifiserte innehar mindre viktige verv. Men vi må nemne Louay M. Safi, noverande medlem av Syrias nasjonalkoalisjon og tidlegare rådgjevar for Pentagon.
President Obama og halvbroren Abon’go Malik Obama i Det ovale kontoret. Abon’go Malik er kasserar for misjonsarbeidet til Den muslimske brorskapen i Sudan. I april 2009, to månadar før talen sin i Kairo, tok president Obama i løyndom imot ein delegasjon av Brorskapen på Det ovale kontoret. I løpet av sine første månadar som president hadde han allereie invitert Ingrid Mattson, presidenten for organisasjonen Association of Muslim Brothers and Sisters in the United States [organisasjonen for muslimske brør og systrer i USA].
Frå si side hadde Clinton-stiftinga sett inn Gehad el-Haddad som direktør for sitt eige «Klima»-prosjekt – han er ein av verdsleiarane for Brorskapen, og hadde inntil då vore leiar for eit koransk TV-program. Far hans var med på å stifte Brorskapen, då den vart skapt av CIA og MI6 i 1951. Gehad forlot Stiftinga i 2012, då han vart talsmann for kandidat Mohammed Morsi i Kairo, og deretter den offisielle talsmannen for Den muslimske brorskapen globalt.
Sidan alle dei jihadistiske leiararne i verda har kome frå enten Den muslimske Brorskapen eller Den sufistiske ordenen til Naqshbandî [ei militant grein av islam] – dei to komponentane til Den muslimske verdsligaen, den saudiske anti-arabiske nasjonalist-organisasjonen – skulle vi likt å vite meir om fru Clinton sine relasjonar til Saudi Arabia og Den muslimske brorskapen.
No har det seg faktisk slik at på laget til utfordraren hennes, Donald Trump, finn vi general Michael T. Flynn, som prøvde å motsette seg at Det kvite hus danna Kalifatet, og trakk seg ifrå leiinga av Forsvarets etterretningsbyrå (Defense Intelligence Agency) for å signalisere motstanden sin. Han arbeider jamsides med Frank Gaffney, ein historisk «kaldkrigar», no kvalifisert som «konspirasjonsteoretikar» for å ha dratt til felts mot nærværet av Brorskapen i den føderale staten.
Det er underforstått at all støtte til jihadistiske organisasjonar frå FBI sitt synspunkt er kriminelle brotsverk, uansett kva for retningslinjer CIA måtte ha. I 1991 hadde politiet – og senator John Kerry – provosert fram kollapsen til BCCI, ein pakistansk bank (sjølv om den er registrert på Cayman Islands) som CIA brukte til allslags hemmelege operasjonar i fellesskap med Den muslimske brorskapen og også Latino-narkokartell.
Thierry Meyssan Oversettelse
Monica Sortland",0
6399,MSNBC’s Reid: ’Bread and Circuses’ For Trump’s Base ’Includes the Persecution of’ Muslims and Immigrants - Breitbart,"On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “All In,” MSNBC anchor Joy Reid argued that the “bread and circuses” for President Trump’s base, “includes the persecution of people they fear, the persecution of Muslims is part of the bread and circuses, the persecution of the immigrants, throwing out DREAMers from the country, people that it’s easy for his base to hate and to fear. ”  Reid said, “[T]he most cynical thing he’s done so far, is to say, I have to ban people from these seven Muslim countries. It’s urgent. I’ve got to do it now. And then, when it gets rejected by the courts, the 2nd version of this ban, actually can wait because he’s getting lauded by the press. And so, while he’s being applauded, it’s not so urgent. It can wait now. ” She added, “[T]he bread and circuses for his base includes the persecution of people they fear, the persecution of Muslims is part of the bread and circuses, the persecution of the immigrants, throwing out DREAMers from the country, people that it’s easy for his base to hate and to fear. That is part of the show he gives them instead of giving them substantive things like, I don’t know, health care. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
6400,Five Anti-Israel Offenses In Paris ‘Peace’ Summit Final Declaration - Breitbart,"TEL AVIV  —   Instead of convening a summit on the ongoing civil war in Syria, or the migrant crisis threatening Europe, or the rampant   plaguing its own country, France on Sunday held a convention attended by over 70 nations to affirm the international community’s commitment to creating a Palestinian state. [At the end of the farcical display, and with neither Israel nor the Palestinian Authority in attendance, the Paris summit representatives released a brief concluding declaration unanimously agreed to after negotiations between the countries.  Reports here credited Israeli diplomats with helping to water down the   language of the final declaration, calling the text a “significant weakening” and “less harsh than was initially expected. ” Still, the text was anything but fair. Here are five   offenses in the   final declaration: 1  —   The text draws a moral equivalency between “violence,” which would include Palestinian terrorism targeting civilians, and “settlement activity,” meaning Israelis building homes in the West Bank or eastern sections of Jerusalem. The text states: They emphasized the importance for the parties to restate their commitment to this solution, to take urgent steps in order to reverse the current negative trends on the ground, including continued acts of violence and ongoing settlement activity, and to start meaningful direct negotiations. 2  —   The declaration calls for Israel to “fully end the occupation that began in 1967,” language that seems to mean that Israel would need to withdraw from the entire West Bank and eastern Jerusalem and thus shrink the country to indefensible borders. Those are the territories that Israel captured in the defensive war of 1967.  Withdrawing “fully” would seem to imply that Israel should evacuate those territories in their entirety. Some of the holiest sites in Judaism are located in eastern Jerusalem and the West Bank, including the Western Wall and Temple Mount in Jerusalem’s Old City the Cave of the Patriarchs and Matriarchs in Hebron, which was home to the oldest continuous Jewish community in the world until the Jews of Hebron were massacred and expelled the Tomb of Rachel in Bethlehem and Joseph’s Tomb in Nablus  —   biblical Shechem. The diplomats who convened in Paris, however, seem unaware of the text of United Nations Security Council Resolution 242, which today’s declaration affirms as the basis of a future   deal. After stating that Israel should “fully end the occupation that began in 1967,” the Paris declaration then references Resolution 242. The declaration states: They reiterated that a negotiated   solution should meet the legitimate aspirations of both sides, including the Palestinians’ right to statehood and sovereignty, fully end the occupation that began in 1967, satisfy Israel’s security needs and resolve all permanent status issues on the basis of United Nations Security Council resolutions 242 (1967) and 338 (1973) and also recalled relevant Security Council resolutions. Resolution 242 calls on Israel to withdraw under a future   solution “from territories occupied” as a result of the 1967 Six Day War. The resolution does not call for a withdrawal from “all territories,” a designation deliberately left out to ensure Israel’s ability to retain some territory for security purposes under a future deal. The Jewish Virtual Library explains: The Security Council did not say Israel must withdraw from “all the” territories occupied after the   War. This was quite deliberate. The Soviet delegate wanted the inclusion of those words and said that their exclusion meant “that part of these territories can remain in Israeli hands. ” The Arab states pushed for the word “all” to be included, but this was rejected. They nevertheless asserted that they would read the resolution as if it included the word “all. ” The British ambassador who drafted the approved resolution, Lord Caradon, declared after the vote: “It is only the resolution that will bind us, and we regard its wording as clear. ” 3  —    The declaration patronizes Israel by calling on both parties to “restate” their commitments to the   solution. Only one side has not been committed to peace. Israel has offered the Palestinians a state in much of the West Bank and Gaza Strip with a shared capital in Jerusalem numerous times. These offers were made at Camp David in 2000, Taba in 2001, the Annapolis Conference in 2007, and more offers were made in 2008. In each of these cases, the PA refused generous Israeli offers of statehood and bolted negotiations without counteroffers. The PA has failed to respond to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s unprecedented attempts to   negotiations aimed at creating a Palestinian state, including freezing Jewish construction in the West Bank and eastern Jerusalem and releasing Palestinian prisoners. 4  —   The declaration gives credibility to the   Arab Peace Initiative, which threatens Israel’s security. The declaration states: “They underscored the importance of the Arab Peace Initiative of 2002 as a comprehensive framework for the resolution of the   conflict, thus contributing to regional peace and security,” states today’s declaration. This reporter previously exposed the Saudi “peace” initiative: The Saudi Initiative, originally proposed by Saudi Arabia in 2002, states that Israel would receive “normal relations” with the Arab world in exchange for a full withdrawal from the entire Gaza Strip, West Bank, Golan Heights and eastern Jerusalem, which includes the Temple Mount.   …     The Saudi plan also demands the imposition of a   U. N. resolution that calls for   Palestinian refugees who wish to move inside Israel to be permitted to do so at the “earliest practicable date. ” Palestinians have long demanded the “right of return” for millions of “refugees,” a formula Israeli officials across the political spectrum warn is code for Israel’s destruction by flooding the Jewish state with millions of Arabs, thereby changing its demographics. When Arab countries attacked the Jewish state after its creation in 1948, some 725, 000 Arabs living within Israel’s borders fled or were expelled from the area that became Israel. Also at that time, about 820, 000 Jews were expelled from Arab countries or fled following rampant persecution. While most Jewish refugees were absorbed by Israel and other countries, the majority of Palestinian Arabs have been maintained in 59 U. N.  camps that do not seek to settle its inhabitants elsewhere. There are currently about four million Arabs who claim Palestinian refugee status with the U. N. including children and grandchildren of the original fleeing Arabs Arabs living   in Jordan and Arabs who long ago emigrated throughout the Middle East and to the West. According to Arab sources close to the Saudi Initiative, Arab countries are willing to come to an agreement whereby Israel absorbs about 500, 000 “refugees” and reaches a compensation deal with the PA for the remaining millions of Palestinians. 5  —   The Paris declaration “welcomed” UN Security Council Resolution 2334, which passed last month when the U. S. abstained and refers to the entire West Bank and eastern Jerusalem as   occupied Palestinian territories while demanding a complete halt to all Israeli construction in those areas. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.",0
6401,Hacked Podesta Email Reveals Clinton Foundation “Coercing” Saudi Billionaire For Millions Of Dollars,"
Just c all it the Sheik shake down… 
* * *
In one of the more prominent early Podesta email revelations , we learned that Sheik Mohammed Hussein Ali Al-‘Amoudi , a Saudi Arabian and Ethiopian billionaire businessman, whose net worth was estimated by Forbes at $8.3 billion as of 2016, was one of the very generous donors to the Clinton Foundation… up to a point.
As a November 2011 email from Ira Magaziner, Vice Chairman and CEO of the Clinton Health Access Initiative, sent to John Podesta and Amitabh Desai, Director of Foreign Policy at the Clinton Foundation, revealed, the “CHAI [Clinton Health Access Initiative] would like to request that President Clinton call Sheik Mohammed to thank him for offering his plane to the conference in Ethiopia and expressing regrets that President Clinton’s schedule does not permit him to attend the conference.”
To this, the response by Desai was a simple one: “ Unless Sheikh Mo has sent us a $6 million check, this sounds crazy to do. ”
At this point, Doug Band, Bill Clinton’s former chief advisor and current president of the infamous Teneo Holding Doug Band, chimed in that it probably is a good idea: “If he doesn’t do it Chai will say he didn’t give the money bc of wjc” an assessment which John Podesta agreed with: “this seems rather easy and harmless and not a big time sink.”
* * *
To be sure, this exchange suggested that a substantial amount of cash had or was about to be exchanged between the Clinton Foundation and the Saudi “Sheikh Mo”, as shown in the photo below.

However, the details were missing: the original email from Ira Magaziner referenced a specific briefing memo which contained in it the talking points updating on the relationship between the Clinton Foundation and The Saudi billionaire:
Ed Wood has prepared a briefing memo for President Clinton about the call which is attached
Now, courtesy of today’s latest Podesta email release, we have access to the missing memo .
The leaked memo lays out the facts on the Clinton Foundation trying to collect on Sheik Mohammed’s overdue donor commitment to CHAI. Notably, the memo gives the inference of the Sheik being shaken down by the Foundation in that the Foundation was demanding an immediate $6 million payment in return for WJC attending the 2011 International Conference on AIDS and STIs (ICASA) event. Additionally the Foundation apparently enlisted the assistance of the US Ambassador to Ethiopia to obtain payments from the Sheik.
The memo initially lays out Bill Clinton’s history with the Sheik:
In the first bullet point we find what the initial “bid” and “ask” would be between WJC/CF and the Saudi billionaire: $2 million for every year that Bill Clinton visit Ethiopia. This, however, was subsequently changed to an agreement whereby the Saudi would give $2 million per year but without any reference to visiting Ethiopia:
Sheik Mohammed approached CHAI in 2006 shortly after we opened an office in Addis Ababa. He proposed that he would give $2 million to CHAI every year that YOU visited Ethiopia . We eventually negotiated an Agreement with his Washington attorney, George Salem, in which he agreed to fund CHAI at a rate of $2 million per year for 10 years . They rejected any proposals to put a payment schedule in the agreement, but dropped any reference tying the donation to YOU visiting Ethiopia .
The next bullet lays out the initial fund transfer of $2 million in London, as well as the broad terms of the agreement whose “requirement is that the money be spent within Ethiopia.” Amusingly, the memo then notes that during negotiations the Saudi delegation “rejected our proposal that some of the money could be used for global overhead. ”
The Agreement was officially signed at a meeting in London in May 2007 by the Sheik and Bruce, after which the Sheik presented you with a a check for $2 million for the 2007 payment. The Agreement is very general and does not require any specific proposals from CHAI for how the money will be spent or any reporting. The only requirement is that the money be spent within Ethiopia. During negotiations they rejected our proposal that some of the money could be used for global overhead.
We then learn that more cash transfers took place in the coming years, despite the Sheik having “cash flow problems” which resulted in a bulk payment of $4 million in 2010 for missed payments in 2008 and 2009.
Through 2008 and early 2009, we were told the Sheik was having some cash flow problems and that he was delaying payments for many commercial and philanthropic commitments he had in Ethiopia. In January 2010 at a Foundation donors meeting in Harlem, Ambassador Irvin Hicks, one of the Sheik’s representatives in the U.S. and a former Ethiopian ambassador appointed by YOU presented to YOU a check for $4 million representing payment for 2008 and 2009. 
The memo then tells WJC just why the relationship was created in the first place: “The Sheik’s contribution supports most of CHAI’s activities in Ethiopia, one of its most important and successful country programs.”
A section then follow which reminds Bill Clinton just who Sheikh Mohammed is, and that the two had spent time together in his “private suite at a nightclub attached to the Sheraton” in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia:
YOU first met the Sheik in July 2006 during a visit to Addis. He visited your suite in the Sheraton Hotel, which he owns, for coffee and then after dinner YOU dropped into his private suite at a nightclub attached to the Sheraton. He had invited YOU there especially because he thought you would enjoy the saxophone player . You chatted with the Sheik and played the saxophone with the band. Shortly after this visit negotiations began in earnest regarding the $20 million commitment the Sheik has made to CHAI. 
YOU met the Sheik in London in May, 2007, at which time the Agreement was signed and the first $2 million check was received.
YOU stayed at the Sheraton in July 2008 during your last Ethiopia visit, but the Sheik was not in Ethiopia at the time. The Sheik donated the rooms and meals for the large party during an extended four-day visit, two days longer than originally planned because of aircraft problems .
Where things get interesting is in the memo’s discussion of the current (as of November 2011) situation, in which we learn that once again the Saudi billionaire was behind on his payments due to the current economic downturn:
Once again, we are told that the current economic down turn has caused the Sheik to delay payments for several commitments. CHAI has not received the 2010 or 2011 payments . We have contacted both George Salem, the lawyer, and Ambassador Hicks regarding payment. Both say that the Sheik will make the payment but they have not been able to pinpoint an exact date.
Recent complications did not make matters any easier, although the Sheikh had enough cash to provide Bill with a plane to attend the upcoming African AIDS conference:
In the past two months the effort to collect the payments for 2010-2011 has become complicated by factors surrounding ICASA, the biennial large African AIDS conference that will be held in Ethiopia the first week of December. The previous two ICASA conference in Nigeria and Senegal were beset by logistical and financial problems and Prime Minister Meles and Minister of Health Tedros have worked hard to make the Ethiopia ICASA the most successful ever. They have enlisted Sheik Mohammed to help and he has donated the venue and paid for an additional $8-10 million of expenses.
Minister Tedros invited YOU to participate in ICASA, and apparently he or someone else connected with ICASA asked the Sheik if he would provide a plane to bring YOU to Ethiopia for the event. The Sheik agreed to provide a plane, and instructed Ambassador Hicks to tell CHAI one would be available. 
Where things get hot, and where the Clinton Foundation is accused of “coercion” by the Sheik’s Washington attorney George Salem, is in the negotiation over whether Clinton should come to Ethiopia without having been wired the funds up front, or if he should assume that the billionaire is “good for the money” and just fly out there on good will.
When George Salem spoke with the Sheik about the payment, he was told by the Sheik to make sure YOU knew that the Sheik would very much like for you to attend ICASA and that he would provide transportation. In response, Bruce told George that if the Sheik would wire $6 million to the Foundation for 2010-2012 that he would make sure YOU attended ICASA. After Bruce’s stroke, George told Ed Wood of CHAI that the Sheik said he did not like “coercion” and that we should know that he was “good for the money .” George reiterated that the money would be paid, but could not give a date.
The Sheik seems to feel that we asked him for transportation and then decided not to use it. George and Ambassador Hicks have been told that the request for transportation did not originate with us, but we are not sure that the message reached the Sheik.
Ultimately the negotiations for Clinton flying to Ethiopia stalled, and appear to have fallen apart, leading to the original quote from the Clinton Foundation’s Amitabh Desai in which he said, as we noted earlier this month, that “ Unless Sheikh Mo has sent us a $6 million check, this sounds crazy to do. ” As a result, the memo gives WJC the following action point:
George Salem, Ambassador Hicks, and CHAI feel that it would be helpful if you would call the Sheik and thank him for offering the plane and saying you are sorry you can’t attend ICASA. We don’t think it is necessary for YOU to bring up the payment issue directly.
The memo concludes with the following talking points:
YOU should thank the Sheik for his support of all our efforts in Ethiopia, and especially for offering to provide a plane to bring you to the ICASA meeting. YOU should express your regrets that you were not able to arrange your schedule to attend the ICASA meeting since you know how important it is to Ethiopia and to the Sheik. You should express your appreciation that he has helped make this event possible during a difficult time for the international AIDS effort. YOU should say you hope to be able to visit with the Sheik again soon either in Ethiopia or elsewhere. * * *
This memo provides valuable insight into just how the “charitable” Clinton Foundation truly operated: absent being made whole on millions of dollars in payments – by a donor who had already provided it with $6 million in the past – the “so very concerned” about AIDS and African welfare Foundation, would not even bother to fly Bill Clinton for a 1-2 day trip – on someone else’s dime – to something as simple, yet noble, as a healthcare conference: precisely what the Foundation, and Bill Clinton’s presence, is supposed to represent and support.
It also shows that when the Foundation found itself in arrears to a prominent donor, it first and only concern was how to get paid; all else – up to and including doing the absolute minimum such as appearing for a good cause, was secondary and – as the memo documents – ultimately irrelevant unless Clinton and the CF were both generously compensated for their efforts.
And that, in a nutshell is what the “generous and charitable” Clinton foundation was all about: make sure to get the money, the rest simply did not matter.
The full hacked memo is below and the source email can be found here . 
WJC Sheik Talking Points 11 22 11 by zerohedge on Scribd
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Zero Hedge of www.zerohedge.com . ",0
6402,"Some 60 Iraqi Soldiers Killed in Mosul Offensive, 250 Wounded - CENTCOM","Military Operation to Retake Mosul From Daesh ( 92 ) 0 15 0 0 Iraqi forces lost some 60 soldiers in the operation to liberate Mosul from the Daesh, while about 250 others have been wounded, US Central Command commander Gen. Joseph Votel said on Wednesday. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — On October 17, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Abadi announced the start of a military operation to recapture Mosul from the terror group with air support provided by the US-led coalition. About 30,000 Iraqi soldiers and 4,000 Kurdish Peshmerga fighters are reportedly taking part in the operation. © Sputnik/ Hikmet Durgun Hope Amid Chaos: Yazidis Waiting to Reunite With Hostages After Mosul Liberation ""What the Iraqi leadership reported this evening is that they have sustained 57 of their soldiers who have been killed, and about 250 that have been wounded in the offensive so far,"" Votel said in an interview with NBC News. ""The Kurdish numbers are probably in about the same ratio as that one."" 
US-led coalition against the Daesh commander Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend later added that the Kurdish Peshmerga forces sustained 20 to 30 killed in action and about 150 wounded. 
According to media reports, an Daesh suicide bomb attack on an Iraqi convoy near Mosul on October 17 killed some 70 soldiers. ...",0
6403,Mike Pence’s Journey: Catholic Democrat to Evangelical Republican - The New York Times,"When Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana was in college, he found himself admiring a gold cross hanging from the neck of his fraternity “big brother. ” The response he received left such a powerful impression that he would recall it decades later on the floor of Congress. “Remember, Mike, you have got to wear it in your heart before you wear it around your neck,” Mr. Pence said his fraternity brother told him. Soon after this exchange, at a Christian music festival in Kentucky, Mr. Pence took a very different sort of pledge from the one he had taken to join Phi Gamma Delta. “I gave my life to Jesus Christ,” he recalled years later, “and that’s changed everything. ” It was a decision that would redefine Mr. Pence, setting him on the path to becoming an evangelical Christian and one of the country’s most outwardly religious and socially conservative legislators. But it also caused him to break with two institutions that had been central to the Pence family: the Roman Catholic Church and the Democratic Party. Mr. Pence, 57, who accepted the Republican nomination for vice president on Wednesday night, is the only one of six Pence siblings who is no longer part of the Catholic Church. Though the family remains close, his embrace of evangelical Christianity was long a source of disappointment to his mother, according to the Rev. Clement T. Davis, the priest at the church in Columbus, Ind. where Mr. Pence was baptized. The family’s Irish Catholic roots run deep. Mr. Pence’s maternal grandfather, with whom he was especially close, came to America in 1923 from Ireland and settled in Chicago, where he eventually became a bus driver. The family idolized John F. Kennedy, the nation’s first   president. As a teenager, Mike Pence was the youth coordinator for the Bartholomew County Democrats. All four of the Pence brothers were altar boys at their church, St. Columba, and attended its parochial school. They were at church six days a week, sometimes seven, if they were serving Saturday Mass. Even after they all went off to college, the church would call the Pence house during vacations or over the summer when it was in need of an altar boy. “Our life revolved around the church,” Gregory Pence, one of Mr. Pence’s two older brothers, said in an interview, adding that he still went to morning Mass there a few times a week with his mother. But at Hanover College, a small   college in Indiana near the banks of the Ohio River, Mr. Pence came to feel that something was missing from his spiritual life. The Catholicism of his youth, with its formality and rituals, had not given him the intimacy with God that he now found himself craving. “I began to meet young men and women who talked about having a personal relationship with Jesus Christ,” he said years later in an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network. “That had not been a part of my experience. ” Still, it was not easy for him to leave behind the church in which he had been raised. After graduation, he worked as a Catholic youth minister and even considered becoming a priest. He described himself for years as “an evangelical Catholic. ” Friends say he wrestled with how to square his religious past and his religious future. “He was part of a movement of people, I’ll call it, who had grown up Catholic and still loved many things about the Catholic Church, but also really loved the concept of having a very personal relationship with Christ,” said Patricia Bailey, who became close to Mr. Pence when she and her husband, Mark, worked with him at a law firm in Indianapolis in the  . Mr. Pence’s wife, Karen, was also part of that movement. They met when he was in law school at Indiana University. After they started dating, she bought a gold cross with the word “Yes” engraved on it, and kept it in her purse until he proposed. “She’s been very much a part of his faith journey,” said Mark Bailey, who often started his day by praying with Mr. Pence in one of their offices at the law firm. “He would refer to his wife as the prayer warrior of the family. ” By the   Mr. Pence and his wife were attending an evangelical church in Indianapolis. Years later, the break from Catholicism still stung his mother, Nancy, according to Father Davis, who has been the priest at her church, now called St. Bartholomew, since 1997 and has grown close to her. “You could see Nancy just shake her head about it,” Father Davis said inside the rectory before Mass on Saturday. “She was disappointed. She had hoped he could find his way back to the church. ” Others in Columbus who knew the Pence family were also surprised. “They were just known as such a big Catholic family,” said Janie Gordon, a friend of Mr. Pence’s from high school. Mr. Pence’s mother declined to comment. The governor also declined to be interviewed about his conversion, but he authorized his brother to speak about his family’s faith. As Mr. Pence’s faith was changing, so were his politics. He voted for Jimmy Carter in 1980 but soon gravitated to Ronald Reagan, and to the Republican Party’s staunch opposition to abortion. His evangelical Christianity is now the driving force behind his political agenda, whether he is working to deny federal funds to Planned Parenthood or to make it legal for religious conservatives to refuse to serve gay couples. “I sign this law with a prayer that God would continue to bless these precious children, mothers and families,” he said in March, putting his pen to a sweeping abortion bill prohibiting a woman from aborting a fetus because it has a disability such as Down syndrome. (A federal judge blocked the law last month.) “Pence doesn’t simply wear his faith on his sleeve, he wears the entire Jesus jersey,” Brian Howey, a political columnist in Indiana, once put it. During Mr. Pence’s days on Capitol Hill, he would not attend events without his wife if alcohol was being served. Fellow representatives sometimes joked about the need to clean up their language when he appeared. Mr. Pence would not even engage in attack ads, having sworn off negative campaigning after running a particularly nasty and unsuccessful congressional race earlier in his political career. “Christ Jesus came to save sinners, among whom I am foremost of all,” he wrote after the election, quoting a line from Scripture. When Mr. Pence was in a tight race for governor in 2012, his media strategist, Rex Elsass, invoked a different line from the Bible in an effort to persuade him that attacks from his Democratic opponent justified a direct and forceful response, as long as it was truthful, Mr. Elsass recalled. Mr. Pence refused. In recent days, however, he has not hesitated to hammer Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee: He has called her “corrupt Hillary,” mimicking Donald J. Trump’s label “crooked Hillary. ” When Mr. Pence returned to his alma mater in 2008 to deliver a commencement address, his speech built toward what he considered to be the most profound experience of his college career. “There was one other person I met during my years here who changed my life more than all the friends and family combined,” he said, referring to Jesus Christ. “Thirty years ago this spring, I embraced the truth,” he continued, before quoting a verse from Scripture. Today, Mr. Pence and his wife often worship at College Park Church, an evangelical megachurch in Indianapolis with three huge video screens, colored spotlights and Christian bands. On Sunday, the day after Mr. Trump formally introduced Mr. Pence as his running mate in Midtown Manhattan, they sat in the balcony of the   auditorium there, standing and clapping in rhythm with the music. Several church members talked about their experiences of deepening their faith in God. There was no talk of Mr. Pence or the election, but one song, its lyrics flashing across the big screens, encouraged the faithful: “Set your church on fire, win this nation back. ” It was a far cry from the wooden pews and kneelers of St. Columba, the austere Catholic church of Mr. Pence’s youth. Gregory Pence said he did not see his brother’s turn to evangelical Christianity as a rejection of their Catholicisim, but rather as a reflection of the fact that he had different spiritual needs. The two of them still pray together, just not usually in church. Indeed, Gregory said that when his brother called after learning that Mr. Trump had chosen him as his running mate, they wept and swapped verses from Scripture. (“Well done, my good and faithful servant,” Gregory Pence told his brother.) He declined to say whether he had been supporting Mr. Trump before his brother joined the ticket. But asked if he thought his brother might have had some doubts about signing on with a man whose résumé includes three wives and a casino empire, and who liberally invokes coarse language and imagery, he answered without hesitation. “Judge not lest ye be judged,” he said.",0
6404,On the Menu When Congress Returns From Recess - The New York Times,"Members of Congress returned from a   recess on Tuesday in a rush to get out the door yet again to campaign for  . Still, they have a few items they must address and some optional items. Think of it as a dinner menu at a party voters were not invited to attend: _____ A bitter pill. The first major issue on the congressional plate is how to deal with the increasing spread of Zika. Money allocated to fight the   disease is rapidly running out. On Tuesday, Senate Democrats blocked a measure that would have allocated more than $1 billion to fight the virus, but was loaded with provisions Democrats consider unacceptable. _____ Broccoli burger. Congress has again failed to pay for government operations through the appropriations process, and is headed back toward a   spending bill, known as a continuing resolution. This is going to be a fight, possibly nasty, against the backdrop of the race for the White House. Expect the Zika fight to be resolved in this course. Wine pairing: Water Resources Development Act, lots of minerals. A very bipartisan bill would authorize water infrastructure projects in 17 states. The bill would also provide money to fix the   water system in Flint, Mich. Expect this to hit the Senate floor as soon as this week. _____ Hot potato. Members of the conservative House Freedom Caucus want to impeach John A. Koskinen, the Internal Revenue Service commissioner, for what they claim was unfair scrutiny of Tea Party groups seeking   status, even though he wasn’t yet commissioner. (Republicans also charge that he was complicit in the destruction of I. R. S. emails pertinent to the alleged targeting, and that he lied about the emails in testimony to Congress.) But Speaker Paul D. Ryan is not keen on the idea of impeachment, so it is possible the kitchen will 86 this item. Freedom fries. A bill that would allow the Saudi Arabian government to be held responsible in American courts for any role in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks passed the Senate before the recess. Because the Obama administration and many Republicans don’t like this bill, expect this order not to be filled, even though there will be pressure from victims’ families. _____ Apple pie. House Republicans will offer  legislation to address the Obama administration’s $400 million payment to Iran after a broad nuclear agreement was reached by requiring the Treasury secretary to submit a report to some congressional committees. Republicans say the payment was basically ransom. The administration differs. Petits fours. The House is likely to consider a host of bills that support its conservative agenda, including one that would modernize the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management’s offshore leasing process and remove some regulations and tax burdens from various businesses. _____ Whiskey and water, optional. Congress could pass a final version of the annual National Defense Authorization Act, but it is more likely to go into the lame duck session, as has been the case for a few years now.",0
6405,Trump Warns House Republicans: Repeal Health Law or Lose Your Seats - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump on Tuesday turned up the pressure on recalcitrant Republicans to support a sweeping bill to overhaul the health care system, threatening wavering lawmakers in his party with political payback if they failed to get behind a measure that has become an early test of his negotiating power. In a series of meetings and phone calls at the White House and on Capitol Hill, Mr. Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and Republican congressional leaders haggled with holdouts over details as they struggled to assemble a majority to support a bill that would repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. The legislation is scheduled for a floor vote on Thursday in the House. But at a private meeting with House Republicans at the Capitol, the president also delivered a blunt warning that many of those present would lose their seats in next year’s midterm congressional elections if the effort failed. “I’m going to come after you,” Mr. Trump told Representative Mark Meadows, Republican of North Carolina, a prime holdout and the chairman of the conservative Freedom Caucus, a hotbed of concern about the legislation, according to several people in the room who described his comments on condition of anonymity because the session was private. “I believe Mark and his group will come along, because honestly, a loss is not acceptable, folks. ” Mr. Trump told Republicans at the meeting that after voting repeatedly to repeal the health care law and campaigning in 2016 on doing so, they had an obligation to back the bill and would lose their majority if they “blow it,” attendees said. Despite the day’s feverish efforts  —   a combination of cajoling, browbeating and   that recalled Democrats’ efforts to pass the law in 2010  —   White House and congressional officials conceded Tuesday that they still lacked the votes to pass the bill. As many as three dozen Republicans remain opposed or unpersuaded, according to one aide with knowledge of the process, who spoke on condition of anonymity to describe internal discussions. It is not clear whether Mr. Trump would be able to exact a political price from Republicans who opposed the measure conservative groups including the Club for Growth and Heritage Action for America were lining up against the legislation and pressuring lawmakers to oppose it, raising questions about whether it would be possible to mount a successful primary challenge to defectors. And some Republicans said the political peril would be greater if they supported the health care bill, which they said failed to achieve their goals or those of their constituents. “I think if we do do this, we lose the majority,” said Representative Mo Brooks, an Alabama Republican and a member of the Freedom Caucus, who said he remained opposed. Representative Leonard Lance of New Jersey, one of the nearly two dozen Republicans from districts that Mr. Trump lost in 2016, said he was leaning strongly toward a “no” vote. “I campaigned in support of a    bill that would make health care more affordable and accessible and provide a smooth transition to those who were forced into Obamacare through no fault of their own,” Mr. Lance said. “The bill, as currently drafted, does none of these things. ” It is also not clear whether Mr. Trump, whose popularity has fallen from what was already a historically low point since he took office, is capable of rallying the public behind a plan that is also viewed negatively. Mr. Trump’s approval rating sank to 37 percent in Gallup’s daily tracking poll on Monday. That is only slightly higher than the 34 percent who favor the health measure, according to a Fox News poll last week, compared with 54 percent who were opposed. The use of a political threat was a classic tactic for Mr. Trump, who keeps a running mental tally of his backers and detractors, and frequently boasts of his efforts to exact revenge from those who have crossed him. “We’re going to make sure to remember those who stood by us, and who stood by the word that they gave to their voters,” said Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary. Mr. Trump has not focused on the specifics of the health care bill, arguing in recent days that he is more concerned with pushing it through Congress so he can move on to issues he cares more about, including a large tax cut. At a   for House Republicans on Tuesday night, Mr. Trump said he was eager to cut taxes, but had “no choice” but “to go with the health care first. ” But he has been putting the full power of the White House behind the effort to sell the health bill. Besides his meeting at the Capitol on Tuesday, he met at the White House with about a dozen members of the centrist Tuesday Group. On Wednesday morning, he is scheduled to meet with members of the Freedom Caucus. Over the weekend, he summoned three prominent conservative critics  —   Mr. Meadows, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Senator Mike Lee of Utah  —   to his    estate in Florida for meetings with Stephen K. Bannon, his chief strategist, to discuss their concerns about the bill. “He made it very clear he’s all in on this legislation,” said Representative Kevin Brady, Republican of Texas and the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. “This is a historic moment and a historic promise for Republicans to deliver on this Thursday. ” Speaker Paul D. Ryan was upbeat after the Capitol meeting. “The president just came here and knocked the ball out of the park,” he said. “He knocked the cover off the ball. ” But Mr. Meadows said he was neither bothered nor persuaded by Mr. Trump’s warning that he would lose his constituents’ support if he did not fall in line. “I believe that I’m representing them in opposing this bill, because it won’t lower premiums,” he said. “Until it does, I’m going to be a ‘no,’ even if it sends me home. ” A prime concern for holdouts was the measure’s lack of provisions to relax federal health insurance regulations that require insurers to provide certain minimum benefits and to spend certain percentages of premium revenues on medical care. White House officials argued privately that if they included such language in the bill, they would run into procedural problems in the Senate, where the measure is to be considered under special rules that apply to “budget reconciliation” bills. Those rules allow such legislation to be approved with a simple majority  —   meaning Republicans could push the bill through without any Democratic backing  —   but to qualify, the provisions must affect spending or revenues. For other House members, the health bill has been an opportunity to deal. As part of the discussions, Representative Mario   Republican of Florida, made it clear to White House officials that he wanted assurances that the president would hold to his pledge to consider reversing President Barack Obama’s opening with Cuba, the White House official said. Mr.   backed the measure in the Budget Committee last week, although the official said there had been no explicit discussion of trading his vote for a promise on Cuba. Representative Claudia Tenney, Republican of New York, said she was likely to support the bill after House leaders added a section that would shift Medicaid costs from New York’s counties to the state government. House leaders also included provisions to allow states to impose a work requirement for certain   Medicaid beneficiaries, and to allow states to choose a   block grant to fund Medicaid. Both of those provisions were meant to win over conservatives, and Mr. Ryan presented the health bill on Tuesday as an improved product that had been refined as much as possible to reflect lawmakers’ concerns  —   and that now needed to be approved so lawmakers could fulfill their promise to repeal the health law. “In this day and age, and in this business, in politics, if you get 85 percent of what you want, that’s pretty darn good,” he told reporters.",0
6406,"Your Friday Evening Briefing: Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump, Golden State Warriors - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Democrats seemed relieved and pleased a day after Hillary Clinton used a major speech to ridicule Donald J. Trump. Some Republicans fretted that Mr. Trump might not be up to the task of repelling such attacks. “I thought it was one of the most important speeches Secretary Clinton has made throughout this campaign,” said Leon Panetta, the former defense secretary under President Obama and chief of staff for Bill Clinton. _____ 2. The judge hearing a   lawsuit by former students of Trump University is a cool customer, his friends say. That temperament is said to be helping the judge, Gonzalo Curiel, weather unusual public criticism by Mr. Trump. His attacks on Judge Curiel, including calling out his Mexican heritage, are part of a pattern of behavior that has led some scholars to question Mr. Trump’s respect for the rule of law. _____ 3. Officials in Chicago released videos and other materials from 101 cases in which police officers had shot or otherwise injured civilians. The officials said many of the videos were not illuminating, but the disclosure was unusual for a city whose police department has a reputation for secrecy. The head of the investigative agency behind the release said it represented “an important step” toward increased transparency. _____ 4. As flooding in Paris threatened the Louvre, staff members and volunteers worked to remove  art from harm’s way. Nearly 160, 000 works were moved to higher floors from storage areas and galleries. Rain has lifted the Seine River to its highest levels since 1982. _____ 5. The U. S. economic recovery isn’t quite as robust as analysts had hoped: Employers added just 38, 000 workers in May, the lowest monthly growth since September 2010. But the numbers aren’t as foreboding as they seem, our analyst writes. Averaging job growth over the past three months shows a more modest slowdown. _____ 6. Nest, a digital device maker  Google bought for $3. 2 billion in 2014, drew comparisons to Apple with its innovative approach to bringing unglamorous household devices like thermostats into sync with a digital world. Its   Tony Fadell said Friday that he was leaving because Nest was in “maintenance mode. ” But the departure came after reports that Nest had a harsh corporate culture and Mr. Fadell an abrasive style. _____ 7. It’s a big weekend in sports, kicking off tonight at 9:30 Eastern time with the first game of the Copa América soccer tournament, pitting the United States against Colombia. On Saturday, Serena Williams goes for her 22nd major championship in the French Open final, and the Pittsburgh Penguins shoot for a   lead over the San Jose Sharks in the Stanley Cup finals. Sunday brings Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray competing in the French Open final, while the Cleveland Cavaliers, down   to the Golden State Warriors in the N. B. A. finals, try to tie the series. _____ 8. If you’re looking for a movie to watch this weekend, our critics say the mockumentary “Popstar: Never Stop Stopping” is one of your best bets. It features Andy Samberg as a Justin   pop idol, and “takes aim at everything that is artificial and plastic in contemporary pop in a spirit of love rather than spite,” A. O. Scott writes. Ostensibly more serious fare: “Me Before You” is the story of a romance between a paralyzed aristocrat and the woman hired to keep him company. But Mr. Scott finds it to be ridiculous. _____ 9. Most West African capitals are scenes of sartorial flair, but the bright patterns adorning skirts and dresses worn by women there are more than just eye candy. Messages ranging from the playful to the political are encoded within the prints. During election season, clothes sporting the face of a politician can signify support  —   although that depends on where the face is placed. _____ 10. A    Japanese boy survived six nights alone on the   island of Hokkaido. He had wandered off after being left on the side of the road by his parents as a disciplinary measure, and was found by soldiers on a military base about three miles away. “I’m full of gratitude. From now on, I’m going to take better care of him as he grows up,” the boy’s father said. _____ 11. In other rescue news, a    Florida fisherman who fell out of his boat without a life jacket was saved by the Coast Guard after 20 exhausting hours treading water, a local news channel reported. The man, William Durden, said the night was an ordeal but when the sun came up, he felt a surge of optimism. He felt fish hitting his legs, but his fears that a shark “would come out and decide to have me for dinner” went unrealized. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
6407,Islamic State Planning Chemical Attack on UK,"Islamic State terrorists are plotting “mass casualty” chemical attacks in the UK, the government minister responsible for Britain’s national security has warned. [Ben Wallace, the minister of state for security, said that while no specific chemical plot has been identified, the terror group had the ambition and means to carry out such attacks.  Speaking to The Sunday Times, he said: “The ambition of IS [Islamic State] or Daesh is definitely   attacks. They want to harm as many people as possible and terrorise as many people as possible. “They have no moral objection to using chemical weapons against populations, and if they could, they would in this country. The casualty figures that could be involved would be everybody’s worst fear. “We have certainly seen reports of them using it in Syria and Iraq [and] we have certainly seen aspirations for it in Europe. ” As proof of Islamic State’s chemical attack ambitions, Wallace pointed to the arrest in February of an Islamic State cell in Morocco: “Moroccan authorities dismantled a cell involving chemical weapons. “They recovered toxic chemical and biological substances and a large stock of fertiliser. The substances found could have been used to produce homemade explosives and could have been transformed into a deadly toxin. ” Security sources have told The Sunday Times that Islamic State has used sulphur mustard gas in Syria. Within the group are many former members of Saddam Hussein’s army, including from his weapons programme. With such expertise, British intelligence believes Islamic State is able to produce sulphur mustard gas itself, has access to Iraqi and Libyan storage sites of chemical weapons, and has already experimented with biological weapons. Mr. Wallace also warned that as Islamic State was driven out of its strongholds in the Middle East, returning jihadists would pose a growing threat to Britain. “The big concern is if Mosul collapses and all the other bases of Isis collapse. We know there are a significant number of [Britons] fighting for IS in Syria. They will probably want to come home,” he said. “There will also be those people who wanted to go out there but no longer can get there. Their frustration may boil over. ” About 800 Britons went to fight in Syria and just under half have returned. Around 100 have been killed. In 2015, a  further 150 were prevented from travelling to the war zone.  Wallace said the figure for 2016 would be “very similar. ”",0
6408,Israeli Deputy Minister: Italy Quakes Retribution For Anti Jewish Vote,"  Edmondo Burr in Conspiracies // 0 Comments The two earthquakes that hit Italy Wednesday were “ retribution ” for the country’s support of a UNESCO resolution that disregards the Jewish connection to Jerusalem and the Temple Mount, according to Israeli Deputy Minister Ayoob Kara (Likud). 
Israel suspended its ties with the UN cultural agency after it adopted a draft resolution this month, that Israel says denies Judaism’s connections to the religion’s holiest sites. 
The deputy minister, who was in Italy when the earthquakes struck, ascribed the natural disasters to divine will. 
RT.com reports: 
“ I’m sure that the earthquake happened because of the UNESCO decision, ” Kara, a member of the ruling Likud Party, wrote in a memo, Ynetnews website reported. 
Ironically, the Israeli politician was on a state visit to the Vatican when the quakes hit central Italy on Wednesday, killing one and injuring 10 people. 
Earlier the same day, UNESCO (United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization), passed a resolution criticizing Israel for its handling of the holy site in Jerusalem – called Temple Mount by Jews, and Haram al-Sharif by Muslims. 
The document was adopted after heated debate over its wording, and particularly the Arabic names used in the document. Italy was among the nations voting in favor of the resolution. 
Israel blasted UNESCO and its Arab members for trying to undermine Jewish connections to the holy site. 
Kara arrived in the Vatican in a fruitless effort to avert the resolution, but still managed to have a small chat with the leader of the Catholic Church. 
According to Kara, Pope Francis “ strongly disagreed ” with the resolution. 
“ He (the Pope) even said publicly that the holy land is connected to the Nation of Israel, ” the deputy minister stressed. 
As for surviving the natural disaster, the Israeli politician said that “ going through the earthquake was not the most comfortable of experiences, but we trusted that the Holy See would keep us safe. ”",0
6409,"A Big Blast in North Korea, and Big Questions on U.S. Policy - The New York Times","GENEVA  —   North Korea’s latest test of an atomic weapon leaves the United States with an uncomfortable choice: Stick with a policy of incremental sanctions that has clearly failed to stop the country’s nuclear advances, or pick among alternatives that range from the highly risky to the repugnant. A hard embargo, in which Washington and its allies block all shipping into and out of North Korea and seek to paralyze its finances, risks confrontations that allies in Asia fear could quickly escalate into war. But restarting talks on the North’s terms would reward the defiance of its young leader, Kim   with no guarantee that he will dismantle the nuclear program irrevocably. Speaking in Geneva early Saturday morning after announcing a deal with Russia over the Syrian conflict, Secretary of State John Kerry said the United States was willing to negotiate with North Korea, but only if it agreed that the goal of those talks was for it to give up its weapons. “We have made overture after overture to the dictator of North Korea,” he said, including on normalizing the country’s relationship with the West and a formal peace agreement to replace the 1953 armistice that halted the Korean War but not the state of hostilities. “All Kim   needs to do is say, ‘I’m prepared to talk about denuclearization,’” Mr. Kerry said. Mr. Kim has rejected that, making it clear that whatever his grandfather and father intended, his nuclear program is for deterrence and strength, but not a bargaining chip. For more than seven years, President Obama has adopted a policy of gradually escalating sanctions that the White House once called “strategic patience. ” But the test on Friday  —   the North’s fifth and most powerful blast yet, perhaps with nearly twice the strength of its last one  —   eliminates any doubt that that approach has failed and that the North has mastered the basics of detonating a nuclear weapon. Despite escalating sanctions and the country’s technological backwardness, North Korea appears to have gotten past a rocky beginning with its nuclear tests, and enjoyed a burst of progress in its missile program over the last two years. American experts warn that it is speeding toward a day when it will be able to threaten the West Coast of the United States and perhaps the entire country. “This is not a cry for negotiations,” said Victor Cha, who served in the administration of President George W. Bush and now is a North Korea expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. “This is very clearly a serious effort at amassing real nuclear capabilities that they can use to deter the U. S. and others. ” Mr. Cha said the usual response from Washington, Seoul and Tokyo  —   for another round of sanctions  —   was not likely to be any more successful at changing the North’s behavior than previous rounds. That means Mr. Obama’s successor will confront a nuclear and missile program far more advanced than the one Mr. Obama began grappling with in 2009. In a statement Friday, Mr. Obama condemned the North’s test and said it “follows an unprecedented campaign of ballistic missile launches, which North Korea claims are intended to serve as delivery vehicles intended to target the United States and our allies. ” “To be clear, the United States does not, and never will, accept North Korea as a nuclear state,” he said. Many experts who have dealt with North Korea say the United States may have no choice but to do so. “It’s too late on the nuclear weapons program  —   that is not going to be reversed,” William Perry, the defense secretary under President Bill Clinton during the 1994 nuclear crisis with North Korea, said in August at a presentation in Kent, Conn. The only choice now, he argued, is to focus on limiting the missile program. Yet the latest effort to do that, an agreement between the United States and South Korea to deploy an advanced missile defense system in the South, has inflamed China, which argues the system is also aimed at its weapons. While American officials deny that, the issue has divided Washington and Beijing so sharply that it will be even more difficult now for them to come up with a joint strategy for dealing with the North. China has been so vocal with its displeasure over the deployment of the American system that Mr. Kim may have concluded he could afford to upset Beijing by conducting Friday’s test. Fueling that perception were reports that a North Korean envoy visited Beijing earlier this week. “North Korea almost certainly sees this as an opportunity to take steps to enhance its nuclear and missile capabilities with little risk that China will do anything in response,” Evans J. R. Revere, a former State Department official and North Korea specialist, said in a speech in Seoul on Friday. The breach between China and the United States was evident during Mr. Obama’s meeting with President Xi Jinping last week. “I indicated to him that if the Thaad bothered him, particularly since it has no purpose other than defensive and does not change the strategic balance between the United States and China, that they need to work with us more effectively to change Pyongyang’s behavior,” Mr. Obama said, referring to the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system, as the advanced missile defense project is known. But Mr. Obama noted that sanctions had failed at having much effect. That is largely because the Chinese have left open large loopholes that have kept the North Korean economy alive and, by some measures, enjoying more trade than at any time in years. The United Nations Security Council, meeting in emergency consultations, agreed early Friday evening to work “immediately” on drafting a resolution imposing new sanctions on North Korea, the council’s president for September, Ambassador Gerard van Bohemen of New Zealand, told reporters. In a recent paper, two researchers concluded that sanctions so far “have had the net effect of actually improving” North Korea’s procurement capabilities for its weapons program. To evade sanctions, the North’s   trading companies opened offices in China, hired more capable Chinese middlemen and paid higher fees to employ more sophisticated brokers, according to the scholars Jim Walsh of M. I. T. and John Park of Harvard. The sanctions, Mr. Cha noted, “are supposed to inflict enough pain so the regime comes back to the negotiation table, and that’s clearly not working or it’s supposed to collapse the regime until it starves, and that’s not working either. ” “Unless China is willing to cut off everything, which they don’t appear willing to do, the sanctions may be politically the right thing to do and a requisite response, but they are not the answer to the problem,” he said. That means the choices facing Mr. Obama’s successor will be stark. One option is to choke off all trade, in part by telling banks that conduct transactions with North Korea that they will be shut out of dealing in dollars around the world  —   an effective tactic against Iran before last year’s nuclear deal. But that would enrage the Chinese, and probably cut into cooperation on other issues. At the same time, an attempt to intercept all shipping could quickly escalate into a   conflict, something neither Mr. Obama nor the South Koreans and Japanese have been willing to risk. On the other hand, reopening negotiations, which Donald J. Trump has indicated he is willing to consider, could mean paying North Korea again to freeze nuclear activities that the Bush administration and the Clinton administration had already rewarded it for stopping years ago. On Friday, the test became fodder for the American presidential campaign. Mr. Trump’s campaign issued a statement that read, in part, “North Korea’s fifth nuclear test, the fourth since Hillary Clinton became secretary of state, is yet one more example of Hillary Clinton’s catastrophic failures as secretary of state. ” A statement from Mrs. Clinton said that she supported Mr. Obama’s approach on sanctions, and that “this is another reminder that America must elect a president who can confront the threats we face with steadiness and strength. ” The nuclear program dates back to Mr. Kim’s grandfather, Kim   the country’s founder, who emerged from the Korean War more than 60 years ago mindful that the United States had considered using nuclear weapons in that conflict and determined to get his own arsenal. The missile program also has a long history, mostly to deliver conventional arms. But now the two are converging, as the North races to develop a weapon small, light and durable enough to be launched into space and survive   into the atmosphere. The explosive energy unleashed during the test on Friday, estimated at 10 to 12 kilotons of TNT, was nearly twice that of the North’s last test, conducted in January, said Yoo   a senior seismologist at South Korea’s National Meteorological Administration. And the fact that North Korea’s fifth test came only eight months after its fourth is another indication that it is making fast progress toward fitting its ballistic missiles with nuclear warheads, said Choi Kang, a senior analyst at the Asan Institute. The North had waited about three years between each of its previous tests. North Korea’s advances have unnerved its neighbors in South Korea and Japan, and Mr. Trump’s suggestion that the two nations should pay more for the United States to defend them has not helped. In both South Korea and Japan, a small but increasingly vocal minority has begun to advocate developing nuclear weapons to counter the North instead of relying on the United States. Cheong   a senior analyst at the Sejong Institute in Seongnam, south of Seoul, argued that a South Korean nuclear program might distract the North from its efforts to build a   missile capable of delivering a nuclear warhead to the mainland United States. “If South Korea arms itself with nuclear weapons, North Korea will regard the South Korean nuclear weapons, not the distant American nukes, as the most direct threat to its security,” Mr. Cheong said.",0
6410,"McCain: I Don’t Pay Attention to Rand Paul, ’He Doesn’t Have Any Real Influence’ in the Senate - Breitbart","Friday on CNN’s “The Situation Room,” while discussing Sen. Rand Paul ( ) calling the U. S. missile strikes in Syria unconstitutional, Sen. John McCain ( ) said he does not “pay any attention” to what Paul says because, “He doesn’t have any real influence in the United States Senate. ”  McCain said, “I don’t really react to Senator Paul. We’re just too different, and he doesn’t have any real influence in the United States Senate. ” He continued, “I don’t pay any attention, frankly, to what Senator Paul says. ” “He’s wrong,” McCain added, on “every other issue that I know of that has to do with national security. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
6411,"76 Year Old Begs VA For Help, Gets Denied.. Minutes Later He’s is Found Dead","posted by Eddie Recently, a New York VA hospital denied a 76-year-old veteran of the United States Navy health care when he needed it most. He was in so much pain, he committed suicide in the parking lot after they threw him out because he knew that the system had failed him. He sat in his car and ended his life. Now the hospital is denying that he even showed up… After serving in the Navy from 1958 to 1962, Peter A. Kaisen shot and killed himself in the parking lot outside the Northport Veterans Affairs Medical Center on August 21. His reason? The hospital had allegedly denied him care even though he was a recurring patient who always paid his bills on time. Now his family and friends are outraged that the VA failed their beloved Peter. They pray that his death could help make the system better. Scroll down to learn more about how the VA failed this man… “He went there for help with depression,” Thomas Farley, a friend of Kaisen’s for 40 years, told Fox News. “That was his last hope, and he didn’t get any help.” After Kaisen served in the Navy, he joined the police force as an officer in the Long Beach Police Department. But in the 1960s, he got involved in a car crash. Injuries from the accident left him permanently disabled. And for the rest of his life he required constant medication and care. Sources told The New York Times that Kaisen was upset with the VA hospital. They had not allowed him to see an emergency room physician for a mental health condition – so he ended his life. “He went to the E.R. and was denied service,” one person who currently works at the hospital, told the paper. “And then he went to his car and shot himself.” “Someone dropped the ball,” the source said. “They should not have turned him away.” Kaisen’s family prays that his death will make VA services better. “Maybe he can be used as an example to make things better,” Farley, speaking on behalf of the family, said. “Maybe we can save someone else’s life.” “That way, he would not have died in vain,” he said. Meanwhile, the VA hospital denies that Kaisen came to their hospital before killing himself. Over the last two years, reports about issues with VA hospitals have surfaced. These included rejected medical claims, delays in treatments, numerous deaths of veterans when treatment is delayed, and fraudulent bookkeeping to hide the VA’s shortcomings so the executive can still qualify for their bonuses. A recent investigation by Republican Senator Tom Coburn of Oklahoma found that more than 1,000 veterans over the last decade have died while waiting for medical treatment. Farley, Kaisen’s long-time friend, is heartbroken by the man’s suicide. “I’m a Vietnam vet — disabled from Agent Orange — and he was always looking out for me. He was such a faithful guy,” he said. “He was such a big advocate for veterans and that’s what makes it’s so sad.” Do you think the VA needs to offer better services to veterans? Source:",0
6412,Trump’s Tulsi Gabbard Factor,"Written by Robert Parry   Two weeks after Donald Trump’s shocking upset of Hillary Clinton, the imperious and imperial neoconservatives and their liberal-interventionist understudies may finally be losing their tight grip on US foreign policy. The latest sign was Trump’s invitation for a meeting with Rep. Tulsi Gabbard, D-Hawaii, on Monday. The mainstream media commentary has almost completely missed the potential significance of this start-of-the-work-week meeting by suggesting that Trump is attracted to Gabbard’s tough words on “radical Islamic terrorism.” Far more important is that Gabbard, a 35-year-old Iraq War veteran, endorsed Sen. Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primaries because of his opposition to neocon/liberal-hawk military adventures. She starred in one of the strongest political ads of the campaign, a message to Hawaiians, called “The Cost of War.” “Bernie Sanders voted against the Iraq War,” Gabbard says. “He understands the cost of war, that that cost is continued when our veterans come home. Bernie Sanders will defend our country and take the trillions of dollars that are spent on these interventionist, regime change, unnecessary wars and invest it here at home.” In the ad, Gabbard threw down the gauntlet to the neocons and their liberal-hawk sidekicks, by accusing them of wasting trillions of dollars “on these interventionist, regime change, unnecessary wars.” Her comments mesh closely with Trump’s own perspective. After the meeting on Monday, Gabbard released a statement confirming that the focus of the discussion had been her opposition to escalating the war in Syria by following neocon/liberal-hawk suggestions for a “no-fly zone” that would require widespread US military destruction of Syrian government installations and the killing of a large number of Syrians. “President-elect Trump asked me to meet with him about our current policies regarding Syria, our fight against terrorist groups like al-Qaeda and ISIS, as well as other foreign policy challenges we face,” Gabbard said. “I felt it important to take the opportunity to meet with the President-elect now before the drumbeat of war that neocons have been beating drag us into an escalation of the war to overthrow the Syrian government — a war which has already cost hundreds of thousands of lives and forced millions of refugees to flee their homes in search of safety for themselves and their families. … “While the rules of political expediency would say I should have refused to meet with President-elect Trump, I never have and never will play politics with American and Syrian lives. … “I shared with [President-elect Trump] my grave concerns that escalating the war in Syria by implementing a so-called no fly/safe zone would be disastrous for the Syrian people, our country, and the world. It would lead to more death and suffering, exacerbate the refugee crisis, strengthen ISIS and al-Qaeda, and bring us into a direct conflict with Russia which could result in a nuclear war.” Trading Places So, the surprise election results on Nov. 8 may have represented a “trading places” moment for the neocons and liberal hawks who were eagerly counting the days before the “weak” President Barack Obama would turn over the Commander-in-Chief job to former Secretary of State Clinton who had made clear that she shared their hawkish agenda of escalating the war in Syria with a “no-fly/safe zone,” and ratcheting up the New Cold War with Russia. There was even speculation that one of Clinton’s neocon favorites within the State Department, Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs Victoria Nuland, might be rewarded with State’s top job for her “regime change” in Ukraine that sparked the start of the New Cold War in 2014. Nuland, the wife of arch-neocon Robert Kagan , sabotaged President Obama’s emerging strategy of collaborating with Russian President Vladimir Putin on sensitive global issues. In 2013-14, Putin helped orchestrate two of Obama’s brightest foreign policy successes: Syria’s surrender of its chemical weapons arsenal and Iran’s guarantee that it would not develop nuclear weapons. But those agreements infuriated the neocons who favored escalating both crises into direct US bombing campaigns aimed at Syria and Iran – in accordance with the desires of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the Saudi monarchy. Yet, there was perhaps even greater alarm at what the next move of the Obama-Putin tag team might be: demanding that Israel finally get serious about a peace deal with the Palestinians. So, the neocons took aim at Ukraine, which neocon National Endowment for Democracy President Carl Gershman identified as “the biggest prize” and an important stepping stone to an even bigger prize, a “regime change” in Moscow removing Putin . While Gershman’s NED funded (with US taxpayers’ money) scores of projects inside Ukraine, training anti-government activists and journalists, Nuland took the point as the key organizer of a putsch that removed elected President Viktor Yanukovych on Feb. 22, 2014, and replaced him with a fiercely anti-Russian regime. Given the geopolitical sensitivity of Ukraine to Russia, including its naval base on the Crimean peninsula, Putin had little choice but to react, supporting a referendum in Crimea in which 96 percent of the voters favored leaving Ukraine and rejoining Russia – and assisting ethnic Russian rebels in the east who resisted the violent ouster of their president. Of course, the mainstream Western news media presented these developments as simply a case of “Russian aggression” and a “Russian invasion.” And, faced with this new “group think,” Obama quickly abandoned his partner, Putin, and joined in the chorus of condemnations. Nuland emerged as a new star inside the State Department, a hero of the New Cold War which was expected to funnel trillions of tax dollars into the Military-Industrial Complex. Trump’s Heresy But Trump surprisingly adopted the position that Obama shied away from, a recognition that Putin could be an important asset in resolving major international crises. The real-estate-mogul-turned-politician stuck to that “outside-the-mainstream” position despite fierce attacks from rival Republicans and Democratic presidential nominee Clinton, who even mocked him as Putin’s “puppet.” After Trump’s upset victory on Nov. 8, many pundits assumed that Trump would fall back in line with Washington’s hawkish foreign-policy establishment by giving top jobs to neocons, such as former US Ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton and ex-CIA Director James Woolsey, or Netanyahu favorites, such as former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney or ex-New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani. So far, however, Trump has followed a different course, more in line with the libertarian thinking of the Koch brothers – not only the more famous ones, Charles and David, but also their long-estranged brother William, who I’m told have become behind-the-scenes advisers to the President-elect. Though Trump did offer high-profile meetings to the likes of Romney and Giuliani, he has yet to hand over any key foreign-policy job to the Republican neocon wing. His one major announcement in that area has been naming as National Security Advisor retired Gen. Michael Flynn, who led the Defense Intelligence Agency when it produced a prescient warning that US policy in Syria would lead to the creation of an “Islamic State.” Though Flynn is regarded as a hardliner in the fight against Islamic jihadist terror, he is seen as an independent thinker regarding how best to wage that war. For instance, Flynn has objected to the notion that drone strikes, i.e., killing off individual jihadists, is a route to success. “We’ve tended to say, drop another bomb via a drone and put out a headline that ‘we killed Abu Bag of Doughnuts’ and it makes us all feel good for 24 hours,” Flynn said . “And you know what? It doesn’t matter. It just made them a martyr, it just created a new reason to fight us even harder.” That leaves open the possibility that a President Trump might eschew the “whack-a-mole” approach that has bedeviled the “war on terror” and instead go after the “mole nest” – if you will – the Saudi monarchy that has long financed Islamic extremists both through the fundamentalist Wahhabi brand of Sunni Islam and by supplying money and weapons to jihadists dating back at least to the Afghan mujahedeen in the 1980s, the origin of modern Islamic terrorism. Traditional US politicians have recoiled from facing up to the hard reality that the Saudi monarchy is the real “terror central” because of Saudi Arabia’s enormous riches and influence, which is now enhanced by its quiet alliance with Israel in their joint campaign against the so-called “Shiite crescent,” from Iran through Syria to Lebanon’s Hezbollah. Taking on this Saudi-Israel nexus has long been regarded as political suicide, given Israel’s extraordinary lobbying power and Saudi Arabia’s exceptional wealth. But Trump may be assembling a team that is “crazy” enough to take on that mission. So, while the fight over the future of US foreign policy is far from over – the neocons will surely flex their muscles at the major think tanks, on the op-ed pages and inside the halls of Congress – the Trump transition is showing some creativity in assembling a national security team that may go in a very different direction. Much will become apparent in Trump’s choice of Secretary of State. If it’s someone like Sen. Rand Paul, R-Kentucky, or Rep. Gabbard or a libertarian from the Kochs’ world, that would be bad news for the neocons. If it’s someone like Romney, Giuliani, Bolton or Woolsey, then that will mean that President-elect Trump has blinked and the neocons can breathe a sigh of relief. Reprinted with permission from Consortiumnews.com . Related",0
6413,"Ahmad Khan Rahami’s YouTube Account Listed Jihad Videos, Complaint Says - The New York Times","The man who the police say planted bombs in New York and New Jersey had a YouTube account that listed his favorite videos, two of which related to jihad, according to a criminal complaint filed in Federal District Court in New York on Tuesday. The man, Ahmad Khan Rahami, had the account under the user name yaafghankid786, the complaint filed by Peter F. Licata, a special agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s Joint Terrorism Task Force, said. One of the videos is labeled “jihad nasheed ya shahid,” a reference to a martyr’s anthem, the complaint said. Another video, “best jihad nasheed,” is nearly three minutes long and includes subtitles as images of battles on a desert appear. The subtitles read in part: “Our sanctuaries would not have been desecrated had the lions surrounded them. The filthiest of bandits have attacked us. So where are the swords? They have forgotten we are defiant ones who defend like lions. We are those who built our forts out of skulls. ” These battle hymns glorify the violent struggle in religious terms and are meant to instill piety and inspire jihadis. The 96 videos listed among Mr. Rahami’s favorites are ones produced by others and not ones the authorities say that he himself created. Two were set to private and 17 others were deleted. Those that were publicly accessible reflected diverse interests. Many videos were of love ballads, with depictions of couples in romantic embraces. Others featured a cat doing back flips on a couch, scary clowns,    instructional videos on tying a Windsor knot on a tie, replacing the bumper on a 2002 or 2003 Acura, configuring the settings on a DVR, and one that featured an episode from the television show “Judge Judy. ”",0
6414,Federal Judge Orders Water Delivery to Flint Residents,"Tweet Widget by BAR editor and columnist Dr. Marsha Adebayo 
Lead kills brain cells, but it took a federal judge to order that households in Flint, Michigan, be delivered four cases of bottled water to prevent further damage to their health. Meanwhile, the perpetrators of the mass poisoning “were rewarded with blanket immunity and protection by the State.” One wonders, “How different the reaction of the Obama administration would have been had ISIS claimed responsibility for poisoning Flint?” Federal Judge Orders Water Delivery to Flint Residents by BAR editor and columnist Dr. Marsha Adebayo 
“ The Flint water crisis is the pathway for future genocidal acts against Africans in America just as the Tuskegee experiment was the pathway to Flint.” 
For nearly one year, EPA and state officials (and presumably the president) knew, according to Congressional testimony, that residents of Flint, Michigan, were drinking, bathing, washing dishes in lead-poisoned water, and providing formula laced with poisoned water to infants. There is little hope for Flint’s predominantly black children who have ingested, and absorbed dangerous levels of lead. The poisoning of Flint’s water supply was simply the latest act of domestic terrorism towards Africans in America. 
But, the horror of the Flint water crisis has not stopped. What has stopped is the corporate media coverage of the carnage. This week, a federal judge, David Lawson, ruled that residents of Flint who continue to face lead contamination of their water supply are entitled to delivery of free bottled water to their homes. State officials must deliver each week four cases of bottled water to Flint households that don’t have “properly installed taps.” This ruling, while important, clearly falls short of the dignity and respect Flint residents deserve. In fact, the State of Michigan, without remorse or shame, has argued against such provisions. 
“If the residents of Flint were considered fully human or valued citizens why should they have to fight for the provision of clean water?” 
Flint residents have complained that the approximate $234 million that has been committed by the state of Michigan is inadequate to replace lead service lines, provide additional healthcare, clean water and water filters. Victims of this crisis have voiced concern that phone lines to arrange for water delivery and staffing at water stations have proved insufficient to meet the needs of the community. In addition, the State reduced service hours and eliminated service at water supply stations altogether on Sundays. One resident complained: 
“Most of the people who’ve called [the phone service] never had people come out. It’s just not staffed.” 
The State has argued that water delivery to qualifying households is an additional unnecessary expense costing $9 million. It was this same kind of argument that led the City Manager appointed by Michigan Governor Rick Snyder in April, 2014, to switch the city’s water supply to the polluted Flint River and then failed to require the city, because of financial considerations, to use corrosion controls to prevent lead from leaching off water pipes to private homes. If the residents of Flint were considered fully human or valued citizens why should they have to fight for the provision of clean water? As humans and citizens this is their right! The State has shown, once again, that Black lives do not matter in Flint and that residents will have to fight for life-sustaining water. 
The poisoning of Flint water should be considered an act of terror and should have been prosecuted under US terrorism laws and all involved indicted for domestic terror. But not one senior EPA or state official was fired or indicted -- criminal blame was reserved for low-level technicians. The poisoning was never treated as an “emergency” situation. In fact, until residents of Flint started to protest, federal and state officials were content to allow the poisoning to continue. 
“Victims of this crisis have voiced concern that phone lines to arrange for water delivery and staffing at water stations have proved insufficient to meet the needs of the community.” 
What this crisis has clearly exposed is that Flint was a deliberate poisoning of a low-income Black community. The perpetrators of this terrorist act were rewarded with blanket immunity and protection by the State. The EPA Administrator and Governor of Michigan will soon reap the benefits of being “good Germans” as they leave public service for lucrative private sector positions. 

It took President Obama nearly two years to travel to Flint for what was promoted as a “briefing.” How different the reaction of the Obama administration would have been had ISIS claimed responsibility for poisoning Flint. 
The EPA had the power to issue a cease and desist order against the State of Michigan under the Safe Drinking Water Act (SDWA Section 1431) that allows the EPA to seize control of State’s water system: 
“… Upon receipt of information that a contaminant that is present in or likely to enter a public water system or an underground source of drinking water … that may present an imminent and substantial endangerment to the health of persons, the EPA administrator may take any action she deems necessary to protect human health.” 
According to congressional testimony by EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy, the EPA’s paltry excuse for not invoking congressionally mandated emergency powers was that they wanted to allow Michigan State agencies enough time to settle this matter. In the interim, women suffered miscarriages, Flint residents suffered strokes, and children developed neuro-toxic levels of lead poisoning that impact their intellectual and cognitive function. 
“ The EPA Administrator and Governor of Michigan will soon reap the benefits of being ‘good Germans’ as they leave public service for lucrative private sector positions. ” 
Members of Congress called for the resignations of both the Michigan Governor and the EPA Administrator. While Obama did not have the power to unseat an elected Governor, he has the power to fire EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy who serves at the pleasure of the president. His decision was to leave McCarthy in place presumably because of the good job she performed in Flint. What is perhaps most revealing about the background story of the poisoning incident is that President Obama, by leaving McCarthy as head of the EPA, reaffirmed his faith in her abilities to carry out the mandate of his administration, including handling the more than over 300 additional water systems throughout the country, primarily in Black and low income communities, that indicate toxic levels of lead in the water. 
History will judge that the Flint water crisis is the pathway for future genocidal acts against Africans in America just as the Tuskegee experiment was the pathway to Flint. One should note that the Tuskegee experiment (1932-1972), conducted by the US Public Health Service, consisted initially of a sample size of 399 Black men. The Flint water poisoning “experiment” (starting in 2014) consisted of a city of nearly 100,000 residents. The escalation of organized violence, such as Tuskegee and Flint should trigger a mass movement to protect African life particularly as we contemplate policies of the Trump Administration. Dr. Marsha Adebayo is the author of the Pulitzer Prize nominated: No FEAR: A Whistleblowers Triumph over Corruption and Retaliation at the EPA . She worked at the EPA for 18 years and blew the whistle on a US multinational corporation that endangered South African vanadium mine workers. Marsha's successful lawsuit led to the introduction and passage of the first civil rights and whistleblower law of the 21st century: the Notification of Federal Employees Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act). She is Director of Transparency and Accountability for the Green Shadow Cabinet and serves on the Advisory Board of ExposeFacts.com.",0
6415,Man Wearing ‘Jewmerica’ T-Shirt Never Dreamed He’d See This Day - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Man Wearing ‘Jewmerica’ T-Shirt Never Dreamed He’d See This Day Close Vol 52 Issue 44 · Politics · Politicians · Election 2016 · Donald Trump 
SAND SPRINGS, OK—Feeling a mixture of intense pride and abject disbelief after news networks called the 2016 presidential election in favor of Donald Trump, local man Terry Williams, who is currently wearing a T-shirt adorned with the word “Jewmerica,” told reporters late Tuesday night that he never dreamed he’d see this day during his lifetime. “This is so incredible—not in a million years did I think I’d ever get to watch a historic moment like this,” said the unemployed 43-year-old, who has worn the T-shirt featuring the Star of David overlaid atop the United States flag throughout the 2016 election season as he closely followed Trump’s campaign for the presidency and encouraged voters like him to head to the polls by writing regular posts on white nationalist forums. “I won’t forget this feeling as long as I live. I’m so happy I might cry. Honestly, I’ve never been more proud to call myself an American.” At press time, a visibly elated Williams was reportedly searching for his “Trump That Bitch” hat to wear while watching Hillary Clinton’s concession speech. Share This Story: WATCH VIDEO FROM THE ONION Sign up For The Onion's Newsletter 
Give your spam filter something to do. Daily Headlines ",0
6416,Project Veritas Video IV: $20K Wire Transfer From Belize Returned | Politics,"(Before It's News)
Rigging the Election – Video IV: $20K Wire Transfer From Belize Returned – YouTube
In the effort to prove the credibility of the undercover donor featured in the videos and to keep the investigation going, Project Veritas Action made the decision to donate twenty thousand dollars to Robert Creamer’s effort. Project Veritas Action had determined that the benefit of this investigation outweighed the cost. And it did. In an unexpected twist, AUFC president Brad Woodhouse, the recipient of the $20,000, heard that Project Veritas Action was releasing undercover videos exposing AUFC’s activities. He told a journalist that AUFC was going to return the twenty thousand dollars. He said it was because they were concerned that it might have been an illegal foreign donation. Project Veritas Action was pleased but wondered why that hadn’t been a problem for the month that they had the money.
View the first part of this series here: https://youtu.be/5IuJGHuIkzY
View the second part of this series here: https://youtu.be/hDc8PVCvfKs
View the third part of this series here: https://youtu.be/EEQvsK5w-jY",0
6417,Who Will Weed Out the Warmongers?,"Written by Robert Parry   If Hillary Clinton hangs on to win the presidency, liberal Democrats have vowed to block her appointment of Wall Street-friendly officials to key Cabinet and sub-Cabinet jobs. But there has been little organized resistance to her choosing hawkish foreign policy advisers. Indeed, Washington’s foreign policy establishment has purged almost anyone who isn’t part of the neoconservative/liberal-interventionist “group think.” That’s why pretty much everyone who “matters” agrees about the need to push around Russia, China, Syria, Iran, etc. Reflecting that attitude, Sunday’s lead editorial in the neocon Washington Post hailed the broad consensus within the Establishment for more warlike actions once President Obama is gone, taking with him what the Post calls Obama’s “self-defeating passivity.” The Post praised a new report from the liberal Center for American Progress which calls for bombing the Syrian military and getting tough to “counter Iran’s negative influence” in line with what all the neocons — as well as Israel and Saudi Arabia — want the next President to do. The absence of any significant counter to this neocon/liberal-hawk “group think” represents one of the greatest dangers to the future of the human species, since this new hubris comes with a cavalier assumption that nuclear-armed Russia and China will simply accept humiliation dished out by the “indispensable nation.” If they don’t, we can expect Official Washington to ratchet up tensions in a game of nuclear chicken with the expectation that the leaders in Moscow and Beijing will bow down to US “exceptionalism’ and slink away with their tails between their legs. Surely, that is what the armchair warriors at The Washington Post will demand and they have, of course, a spotless record of infallibility, such as their certainty that Iraq was hiding stockpiles of WMD in 2003. Editorial-page editor Fred Hiatt was so sure of that he wrote it as flat fact . Given the Iraq War catastrophe and the failure to find the WMD, you might have assumed that Hiatt was summarily fired and has never worked in journalism again. But, of course, you’d be wrong. He is still the editorial-page editor of The Washington Post continuing to ladle out his extraordinary wisdom and brilliant insights. The New McCarthyism And, if you dare question those new certainties or note the risks of stumbling into a nuclear conflagration, the Post’s editorial pages label you a Moscow stooge repeating Russian propaganda. That is what Post columnist Anne Applebaum wrote about Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump when he warned about the risks of World War III if a President Hillary Clinton starts shooting down Russian planes over Syria. Rather than acknowledge the genuine risk of getting into a shooting war with Russia, neocon Applebaum declares such concerns unacceptable and offers a whiff of McCarthyism toward anyone who thinks such a thing. “Why is Russian state media using such extreme language?” she asks darkly. “And why is Trump repeating it?” Then, with the typical perceptiveness of a neocon ideologue, Applebaum determines that the Kremlin is warning its citizens about the growing risks of nuclear war to scare them into line amid a recession that the US helped create as part of its “regime change” strategy to destabilize Russia by making its economy scream. A thoughtful person might stop here and wonder if the use of economic sanctions and other means to destabilize nuclear-armed Russia is such a good idea, but no mainstream person is allowed to raise such questions inside Official Washington. That would just make you a Russian puppet, in Applebaum’s view. Applebaum then rants on with some wild conspiracy theories about Russian plans to exploit the US presidential transition: “Whatever the outcome on Nov. 8, political uncertainty will follow: the months of transition, a change of White House staff, perhaps even the violent backlash that Trump may incite. This could be an excellent moment for a major Russian offensive: a land grab in Ukraine, a foray into the Baltic states, a much bigger intervention in the Middle East — anything to ‘test’ the new president. “If that’s coming, Putin needs to prepare his public to fight much bigger wars and to persuade the rest of the world not to stop him. He needs to get his generals into the right mind-set, and his soldiers ready to go. A little nuclear war rhetoric never fails to focus attention, and I’m sure it has.” Reckless Drivel Perhaps the more immediate question here is why a major American newspaper runs such crazy and reckless drivel from one of its regular columnists. But the fact that the Post does so indicates how dangerous the moment is for humanity. For those of us who read the Post regularly, such insane rhetoric barely registers since we see similar nuttiness on a daily basis. But the “group think” that the Post and other mainstream publications create and then enforce explains why there is such unity among the Establishment as it presses ahead with these dangerous policies in much the same manner that almost the same cast of insiders “group thought” their way into the disastrous Iraq War. So, the wannabe insiders at the Center for American Progress and the more established pooh-bahs at the Brookings Institution and other preeminent think tanks know they have to promote “regime change” strategies and other forms of warmongering to appease Hiatt and his fellow neocon editorialists and columnists. In Washington, this “group think” has moved beyond the usual careerist and conformist “conventional wisdom” into something more akin to totalitarianism, at least on foreign policy issues. That is why it is hard to even come up with a list of sensible people who could survive the onslaught of character assassinations if they were to be proposed as senior advisers to a President Hillary Clinton. That is also why the attention of progressives, such as Sens. Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, only on vetting domestic officials in a prospective Hillary Clinton administration is so insufficient. If a hawkish President Clinton surrounds herself with like-minded neocons and liberal hawks, the costs of their warmongering would surely swallow up the tax dollars necessary for domestic priorities – on infrastructure, education, health care, the environment and other pressing concerns. And, if the McCarthyistic intolerance of The Washington Post influences or infects her administration, the genuine risks of World War III will dwarf any other worries. Reprinted with permission from ConsortiumNews.com . Related",0
6418,Obama Administration Is Quietly Delaying Thousands of Deportation Cases - The New York Times,"The Obama administration is delaying deportation proceedings for recent immigrants in cities across the United States, allowing more than 56, 000 of those who fled Central America since 2014 to remain in the country legally for several more years. The shift, described in interviews with immigration lawyers, federal officials, and current and former judges, has been occurring without public attention for months. It amounts to an unannounced departure from the administration’s widely publicized pronouncements that cases tied to the   surge of 2014 would be rushed through the immigration courts in an effort to deter more Central Americans from entering the United States illegally. The delayed cases are those of nearly half of the Central Americans who entered the United States as families since 2014, and close to a quarter of the total number of Central Americans who entered during that period, according to figures from the Justice Department. The delays are being made as a   measure, federal officials said, because of a lapse in enforcement that allowed immigrants who were supposed to be enrolled in an electronic monitoring program to go free. Some of those affected had failed to report to government offices to be fitted with GPS ankle bracelets, according to a February memo from the chief immigration judge, Print Maggard, in Arlington, Va. Now that the government will not have to pay the daily fee of $4 to $8 a person to monitor such bracelets, the immigrants’ cases have been pushed back for years, some until 2023, judges and federal officials said. The cases of those who met their reporting obligations are still being expedited, with some cases moving faster than lawyers and judges had expected. “The whole thing is docket chaos,” said Paul Schmidt, who retired in June after a   career working for federal immigration agencies, the last 13 years as an immigration judge. It was not clear whether the immigrants’ failure to report was intentional or the result of unclear instructions. Deportations are carried out by two government agencies: the Department of Homeland Security, which arrests people charged with violating immigration laws, and the Executive Office for Immigration Review, a branch of the Justice Department that adjudicates deportations. It is common, lawyers and judges said, for immigrants who do not realize that the two agencies are distinct to betray their obligations out of confusion. The Department of Homeland Security began using GPS ankle monitors in 2015 after determining that many recent immigrants were not appearing in court as required, said Sarah Rodriguez, a spokeswoman for Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Officials at the agency acknowledged that immigrants whose cases were being delayed might also fail to appear. Along with the cases being postponed, other cases are being catapulted forward, sometimes by years, onto the dockets of judges who were recently hired to address the immigration system’s backlog of cases, which has reached record levels. Yet even this attempt to speed things along, lawyers say, could lead to more delays. “In all of these cases, I’m going to go into the court date and say, ‘I was not given any chance to say whether or not I was available, so you have to adjourn this,’” said Bryan S. Johnson, a private immigration lawyer in New York. Many immigrants whose cases will now move faster and who would have sought pro bono counsel may also have to go to court unrepresented. “We can’t take on someone else who is on a waiting list because someone we thought was going to be completed is now still our case for four years,” said Eleni   the immigration program director at the Centro Legal de la Raza in Oakland, Calif. a legal services agency for immigrants. She said dozens of her cases had been pushed to as late as 2020. The immigrants affected by the delay are primarily families who entered the United States illegally since 2014, when record numbers of Central American migrants crossed the southern border, many seeking asylum status because of gang violence and lawlessness in their home countries. Deportation proceedings for unaccompanied minors who entered the United States during that time are still being expedited. But despite these deterrent efforts, the number of Central American families that will come into the country illegally this year is expected to exceed that of 2014, according to data from the Department of Homeland Security.",0
6419,Family Remembers Queens Sucker Punch Victim ‘He Was The Best Man I Knew’,"Family Remembers Queens Sucker Punch Victim ‘He Was The Best Man I Knew’ CBS New York, October 2, 2016 
The NYPD is looking for a killer who walked up to a stranger and punched him for apparently no reason. 
Authorities are looking for two suspects in connection with the sucker punch attack of a Queens man just after midnight on June 26th. His family says he had taken a bus home after attending a Baltimore Orioles game. 
The NYPD released new surveillance video Wednesday of the assault, which police said happened outside 64-year-old Patrick Gorman’s home on the corner of Queens Boulevard and Main Street just after midnight on June 26. 
In the video, police said a man can be seen approaching Gorman and punching him in the head, knocking him to the ground. The man is then joined by a woman and calmly walks away as Gorman is seen struggling to get up. 
Gorman was taken to Jamaica Hospital, where he died nine hours later after suffering a stroke and brain hemorrhage. {snip} Patrick Gorman 
{snip} 
Police described the first suspect as a black man in his 30s with short hair. {snip} 
{snip}",0
6420,Turkey Prepares to Intervene in Mosul,"Written by Melkulangara Bhadrakumar   The battle of Mosul has been joined, finally, as Iraqi Special Forces entered the city limits earlier today from the east. ( BBC ) The early reports suggest that the Islamic State fighters responded with guided anti-tank missiles and small arms to block the Iraqi advance. Al Jazeera reported that the battle is “intense” and IS fighters are putting up “stiff resistance” against the approaching forces.The IS has set the oil wells on fire to obscure their positions from possible air attacks. Nonetheless, US air strikes are continuing. Another Iraqi column from the south is still 35 kms away from Mosul city. To the north, Kurdish forces and Iraqi army units are approaching the city, while the Shi’ite militias are covering the western flank to cut off any escape route for the IS fighters in the direction of Syria. There is a tacit understanding that the Iran-backed Shi’ite militia known as the Popular Mobilisation Force will not enter the Sunni-dominated Mosul city.The US military estimates that there could be up to 7500 IS fighters in Mosul, including 1000 foreigners. The Iraqi forces and their Kurdish allies, Sunni tribesmen and Shia militias converging on Mosul are 40000-strong. The top US commander in Iraq Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend in a video conference last week from Baghdad had exuded optimism that “the Iraqis will be successful”. The general said: The Mosul offensive is a large and extraordinarily complex operation that the Iraqis have been planning for a very long time. They’re the ones making the decisions and their forces are the ones who will enter Mosul and raise the Iraqi flag in the center of the city. We assisted them with the planning and preparation of forces and have provided advice and assistance such as air and artillery strikes and intelligence to support the Iraqi operations.A few days before Mosul operations began, I attended the Iraqis’ final operational briefing where each commander responsible for a different axis of advance provided their plan to the prime minister. I can tell you that it was clear to me that night that the sovereign nation of Iraq owns this fight. There’s a lot of hard fighting ahead, but we’re confident the Iraqis will be successful. ( Transcript ) However, coming days may well throw up nasty surprises, when house-to-house fighting begins. In a graphic field report from Baghdad two days ago, the Xinhua correspondent had noted: IS militants appeared well-trained for urban combat, and they showed stubborn fighting when they continued sporadic clashes for two days after Friday, as the troops searched for unknown number of militants holed-up in some buildings and houses and possibly would attack again or flee the city.Heavier resistance is anticipated by some 3,000 to 5,000 IS militants once the anti-IS forces enter populated neighborhoods located on the eastern side of the Tigris River that bisects the city… IS group has evacuated most of its fighters from its headquarters in the eastern side to the western side where the old city located… The battles in the eastern side of Mosul would mainly depend on suicide car bombs, roadside bombs and snipers attacks, which aimed at hindering the progress of the troops, while the fierce battles are expected to be on the western side.Mosul is the IS last major stronghold in Iraq, the group more likely is unwilling to surrender without a fight. Over the past two and a half years, they have dug an extensive network of tunnels to transport equipment and fighters, and rigged roads and bridges with bombs and digging trenches to be filled with burning oil to impede the Iraqi forces’ movements. Then there is the human toll of an estimated over one million civilians who are still living in the city, and IS apparently to use them as human shield.” ( Xinhua ) The ‘known unknown’ will be as regards Turkey’s role. Baghdad has resisted any Turkish involvement in the fighting, whereas, Ankara is raring to go. It is reasonably certain that at some point, Turkey will find an alibi to intervene. There are reports that tanks and armoured vehicles from the 28th Mechanized Brigade of Turkish armed forces are being deployed in the border town of Silopi on the border with Iraq. A Turkish incursion into Iraq seems to be in the making. ( Hurriyet )If Turkey enters the Battle of Mosul, all bets are off, as things can take an unexpected turn. Both Iraq and Iran (and the US and Russia) would know that Turkey has geopolitical objectives. Indeed, Turkish media is for the first time opening challenging the Lausanne Treaty of 1923 under which Britain had handed over Mosul to Iraq. President Recep Erdogan himself staked claim recently to the former Ottoman territories: “We are not happy with these borders. Our territory which was 2.5 million square kilometers in 1914 shrank to 780 thousand square kilometers nine years later, when Lausanne was signed… Those who are trying to imprison Turkey in a vicious circle since 1923 want to erase our thousand-year history in this region.”Clearly, so much remains in the womb of time. The Arab world will feel uneasy if and when Turkey begins to reclaim former Ottoman territories. An incredibly complex situation is unfolding as the contestation over Mosul’s post-IS future begins. Read an excellent analysis by the European Council on Foreign Relations titled Mosul operation sees Turkey flex its muscles .   Indian Punchline . Related",0
6421,Russian Oven: Millet pumpkin porridge,"350 ml (12 fl.oz.) milk One pumpkin, big enough to produce 400g (1.6 cup) pumpkin pulp – without seeds 50g (0.3 cup) dried apricots, 50g (0.3 cup) raisins (feel free to use other dried fruit to your taste) Spices to taste (we used nutmeg, cinnamon, and ginger) 
To cook this awesome millet pumpkin porridge, just follow these 3 simple steps: Step 1. Cut out the lid and open the pumpkin. Remove the guts and seeds. Carve out the pulp and store it for the time being. Rub the empty pumpkin with spice and put it into the oven. Bake for 25 minutes at 170C. Step 2. While your pumpkin is in the oven, let's prepare the millet. Boil water in the pot, put the millet in the boiling water and cook at low heat for 25 minutes. Take another pot and boil milk in it, then add the chopped pumpkin pulp and cook for 10 minutes. When the millet porridge is ready, mix it with the pumpkin blend and cook on low heat for another 10 minutes. Step 3. Put the porridge inside the pumpkin cavity. Put dried fruit on top. Enjoy! 

Russian Oven is a video series devoted to Russian pastries, featuring traditional age-old pies and cakes, inventive cookies and tarts of recent years, plus Soviet classics and much more. Stay tuned!",0
6422,"At the Olympics, the Thrill of Victory, the Agony of Defeat and the Lure of the Dance Floor - The New York Times","RIO DE JANEIRO  —   It was 1:30 a. m. Saturday, and Mathieu Peisson, a French water polo player, had just come through the security gates at Club France  —   the same Olympic gathering spot where Ryan Lochte had started a night that became a diplomatic incident. “We finished competing on Sunday, and we’re now into Day 5 of our Olympic vacation,” said Peisson, a   and bearded   . “There are parties everywhere. Every night we’ve been to a different one, but this place is the best. ” Athletes and officials from other countries are entitled to disagree. There are more than 30 such national hospitality houses operating in Rio during the Games, coming in all vibes and architectural styles, from Denmark House, a chic tent next to a lifeguard station on Ipanema Beach, to Portugal House, which is actually a naval ship moored in the harbor, to the British House, a   mansion set in ornamental gardens. The hospitality houses act as promotional vehicles for sponsors, federations, future Olympic cities,   Olympic cities and even the countries themselves. The House of Switzerland is on the edge of the Rodrigo de Freitas Lagoon  —   as it was during soccer’s 2014 World Cup  —   and has a synthetic ice rink and a snow globe. But the Olympic houses are above all social hubs: places for officials to meet and greet outside the stadiums and arenas, places for athletes to decompress from the Olympic Village after their competitions are over. “I think it was probably the Olympics in Barcelona in 1992 where the trend started in earnest,” said Michael Payne, a former marketing director of the International Olympic Committee. “It’s become an important part of the Olympic experience. ” The crowd streaming into Club France in the early hours Saturday included numerous 2016 Olympians, among them Dutch swimmers and French athletes from multiple sports. Many headed directly to the dance floor, a vast space located inside a converted indoor riding ring that had been used earlier in the day to fete four French medalists  —   a celebration complete with   video highlights, onstage interviews, an a cappella rendition of La Marseillaise and, finally, confetti dropping from the ceiling. But from midnight to 5 a. m. the hall is transformed into an Olympic discotheque with reserved seating near the back for Olympic athletes, who are given a special bracelet to reach the V. I. P. area. “Look at this,” said Peisson, whipping out the new smartphone he had received as part of his Olympic welcome package. “This is last night at about 3 a. m. Just incredible. ” He pulled up a   photo of several thousand people packed onto the dance floor, the same spot where Lochte said he and other American swimmers had stayed late into the night before taking the taxi ride that ended so badly. “What happened after they came here is above all regrettable,” said Denis Masseglia, president of France’s Olympic and Sports Committee. “It’s a shame for the image of swimming and for swimmers in general, who are exceptional athletes. You can say to err is human, but that was a whopper. ” Yet it did not dampen Masseglia’s enthusiasm for the French hot spot. “The Olympics are above all for the athletes to express themselves on the field of play,” Masseglia said. “But I’m very happy to see here every night that we have Australians, Canadians, Americans, all the athletes coming here to celebrate their performances and to have a good time. ” At Austria House, organizers expressed particular pride that, in what has been a downbeat Olympics for their country, they had managed to tempt medal winners from Germany inside (if you can’t beat your neighbors in the medal count, you can at least top them in the party department). The Austria House scene features an outdoor dance party that has been attracting a big crowd, which earlier in the week was jamming not to Brazilian samba but to Bon Jovi’s “Livin’ on a Prayer. ” Club France, located in the Sociedade Hípica Brasileira, is rare in this parallel Olympic universe in that it is open to the public. Visitors pay a small fee to get in and enjoy sports activities during the afternoon, food trucks and sponsor pavilions all day and entertainment all night. The crowd on Friday afternoon into early Saturday was overwhelmingly Brazilian. Masseglia said the club was attracting about 10, 000 visitors a day  —   not enough to break even on the project, although he insisted that profit was not his goal. “Club France started at the Seoul Olympics in 1988,” he said. “And it stayed private until 2008 in Beijing, where I met with a lot of athletes who asked me why can’t we have our fans with us and why can’t we celebrate our medals with the supporters?” He said the club in London, located near Tower Bridge, drew 85, 000 visitors during the 2012 Games. He expects double that in Rio and the club is also a subtle promotional vehicle for Paris’s 2024 Summer Olympic bid. “There were 300, 000 French people who lived in London plus all the French who could go across the Channel,” he said. “That’s not the case in Rio. So we knew we had to interest the Brazilians and all the overseas visitors here. ” Club France and the Danish, Dutch and Swiss houses are among the few open to the public. The majority, including U. S. A. House in Ipanema, are   or offer restricted access. “The U. S. A. House is far more about serving the athletes, family and sponsors it’s more internal looking,” Payne said. Bethanie   a   American Olympian, went to U. S. A. House on Sunday night to celebrate winning the gold medal in mixed doubles tennis with her partner, Jack Sock. “It was a great little setup: good food, good drinks and a lot of the athletes were just hanging out,” she said. “You walk around, see an athlete with a medal around their neck, ask them what it was for and how they got it. It’s a pretty cool atmosphere. “I know some of the houses can get rowdy. I talked to my regular doubles partner, Lucie Safarova, who is Czech, and she said after they had gotten the bronze medal she went to the Czech House, and they were dancing all night. ” Other hospitality venues are not linked to national delegations. Companies like Nike, Oakley and Red Bull have their own places, typically reserved for the athletes they sponsor and their entourages. “Basically, the athletes are going to their own house, other national houses or to their sports booths like Nike or Red Bull,” Payne said. “I don’t think the team leaders of the national Olympic committees are encouraging them to wander around to party elsewhere, evidence the latest news stories. ” Not all athletes have stayed inside the   bubble. But Payne estimates that some companies have spent over $10 million on their   projects. Nike reportedly spent over $3 million just to rent its vast and luxurious location on a private golf course. “I went to Nike after my gold medal and enjoyed a great presentation and recognition,” said Christian Taylor, the American triple jumper. Others have established a Rio presence for significantly less investment, including the International Volleyball Federation, which is using a primary school along Copacabana Beach as its Olympic hub in exchange for doing some renovations. “It is paying no rent but investing a   dollars in improvements that will leave a nice and simple legacy for the Games,” said Payne, who is a consultant with the federation. There are also less visible corporate efforts to connect with the athletes, one by Apple and its recent acquisition, the headphone company Beats. “Completely below the radar,” Payne said. “No P. R. nothing, just a private retreat where they invite a few hundred athletes each day. ” Peisson, the French water polo player, said he had visited. “They are not official partners of the Games, so they have done it by  ” he said. “They have villas in Rio, and they bring in athletes and they have headphones, massage and relaxation. It is very cool. ” As he spoke, the Christ the Redeemer statue was visible high overhead, illuminated atop a peak that was a dark silhouette against the   sky. “But we always keep coming back here,” Peisson said of Club France. And with that, Peisson headed off in the direction of the dance floor, which, at 1:30 a. m. was just beginning to get crowded.",0
6423,Monkey in Kenya Survives After Setting Off Nationwide Blackout - The New York Times,"NAIROBI, Kenya  —   Kenyan consumers have long suspected a little monkey business when it comes to their power bills, but the news making its way around the country on Wednesday was almost too much to believe. A nationwide blackout that knocked out lights, severed internet service and paralyzed countless businesses for more than three hours on Tuesday was caused by a monkey, the electricity company announced. The monkey, which appeared to be of the Vervet species, with a collar of white fur, climbed onto the roof of the Gitaru Power Station and fell or jumped onto a transformer. The transformer tripped, which in turn tripped other machines at the hydroelectric power station, setting off a nationwide blackout, the Kenya Electricity Generation Company, or KenGen, said. “KenGen power installations are secured by electric fencing, which keeps away marauding wild animals,” the company said. “We regret this isolated incident and the company is looking at ways of further enhancing security at all our power plants. ” The monkey survived and was given to Kenya’s wildlife services, KenGen said. The company posted a photograph on Facebook showing the animal on the transformer, crouching shyly. Vervet monkeys, which are usually about two feet long, not including the tail, can be pesky creatures. They can be seen everywhere in Kenya, and they often travel in packs, scampering along power lines, snacking on mangoes in backyards and even sneaking into kitchens through open windows to pinch a banana or two. KenGen, which has been criticized over what some call Kenya’s high electricity costs, said late Tuesday that the failure had been fixed. Some homes in Nairobi were still without power on Wednesday.",0
6424,"Shinzo Abe, Executive Orders: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. President Trump pledged to work closely with Japan on security and economic issues during a meeting with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the White House. The president reaffirmed his support for a defense treaty with Japan that he had questioned during the campaign. The two plan to play golf together in Florida on Saturday. Their closeness is in stark contrast to the president’s relationship with his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, who had been angered by Mr. Trump’s promise to review the status of Taiwan. Mr. Trump backed down from that position in a phone call with Mr. Xi on Thursday night, handing China a diplomatic victory. “Trump lost his first fight with Xi,” one analyst said. _____  2. Among the issues Mr. Abe and Mr. Trump might discuss on the golf course: immigration. Japan has achieved what Mr. Trump promised to: It has very little illegal immigration and is officially closed to people seeking   work. But its tough stance on immigration  —   both legal and illegal  —   is contributing to a severe labor shortage that’s hurting economic growth in the country. Some businesses get around the rules by hiring workers from China and elsewhere as “trainees. ” Critics say the system is rife with exploitation and even abuse. Above, the office of a labor union that houses workers who quit or are laid off. _____ 3. Shortly after Thursday’s appeals court decision blocking his travel ban, Mr. Trump vowed to fight on. “SEE YOU IN COURT,” he wrote on Twitter. Many legal experts say Mr. Trump’s chances of success at the Supreme Court, which for a year now has had just eight members, are slim. A    tie would leave the appeals court ruling in place. The White House is insisting that Judge Neil Gorsuch, the nominee for the Supreme Court, was not referring to Mr. Trump when he said privately that he was disheartened by attacks on the courts. _____ 4. Those trying to divine the roots of the presidential adviser Stephen Bannon’s worldview have combed over a speech that he made in 2014 to a Vatican conference. Little noticed, until now, was a reference to Julius Evola, a deeply taboo,   thinker who was a darling of Italian Fascists. Mr. Evola was a leading proponent of Traditionalism, a set of beliefs embraced by today’s   that argues progress and equality are poisonous illusions. _____ 5. Months after the recapture of Falluja showed that Iraq could regain one of the Islamic State’s strongholds, the victory now seems at risk. There is no sign yet that the   national government can secure and rebuild the Sunni city, and Iraqi and American security officials fear that neglected residents may once again embrace the Islamic State. The scene is more encouraging in parts of Mosul that have been retaken by Iraqi forces, our reporter observed this week. _____ 6. A French farmer who became something of a folk hero for helping migrants was given a fine, but no jail time. Cédric Herrou’s case made headlines around the world. He’ll be off the hook if he “stays out of trouble” for five years, but he vowed to continue offering migrants shelter. “There’s a deficiency of the state in France and in Italy, so I take action,” he said. _____  7. Two celestial events will take place on Friday night: a lunar eclipse and the passing of a comet. The moon will appear slightly darker than usual at about 7:45 p. m. Eastern Standard Time. The comet will be tough to see without binoculars or a telescope. It should appear as a green dot because of its chemical components. If you want to try, the best time would be around 3 a. m. Eastern Time. _____ 8. We’ve rounded up some of the best new children’s books on   history. Here are five illustrated biographies of iconic figures, including “Frederick Douglass: The Lion Who Wrote History. ” The book conveys the centrality of reading and “careful decisions” to Douglass’s struggle for freedom and his later public work, offering an anchor for children trying to comprehend the cruelties of American slavery. _____ 9. The Grammys are Sunday, and the big matchup is Adele versus Beyoncé. The two megaselling queens of pop will face off in each of the top three categories  —   album, record and song of the year. A sweep by Adele could feed into   complaints that the awards too often fail to recognize black performers in the most prestigious categories. Above, setting up for the event. _____ 10. Finally, this weekend is also when many people will celebrate Valentine’s Day. If you express your affection in food, we have recipes at the ready, including mocha chocolate chip cake, above, and less romantic but still delicious dishes like goulash. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
6425,"Trump, Jr.: Father Has ’Been Proven Right’ About Terrorism ’Every Time’ - Breitbart","Donald Trump Jr. defends father’s tweets on London mayor to @GMA: ”He’s been proven right about it every time.” https:  .  pic. twitter.  Tuesday on ABC’s “Good Morning America,” Donald Trump, Jr. defended his father’s response to the London terrorist attack over the weekend that has resulted in at least seven people dead.  Trump, Jr. argued it was time to be more proactive in taking on terrorism rather than to “keep calm and carry on. ” “Every time he puts something out there, he gets criticized by the media, all day every day,” Trump, Jr said. “And then guess what? Two weeks later, he’s proven to be right. It happened again, and we keep appeasing it, and we keep saying OK it’s going to be great, we’re going to hold fast, and we’re going to keep calm and carry on. ” “Maybe we have to keep calm and actually do something,” he continued. “And I think that’s what he’s trying to say, because he’s been proven right about it every time. This is a recurring theme and we’re attacked. But maybe, rather than the mayor of London attacking, maybe he should do something about it. Maybe he should do something to fix the problem rather than just sit there and pretend there isn’t one. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
6426,U.S. Flying Bombers Above Disputed South China Sea Irks ’Vigilant’ Beijing,"The U. S. military confirmed a military exercise by Air Force   Lancer bombers over the South China Sea Thursday, a move that prompted Beijing, which illegally claims most of the sea, to remind Washington that it remains “vigilant” before U. S. exercises. [“China always maintains vigilance and effective monitoring of the relevant country’s military activities in the South China Sea,” the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement Thursday. “China’s military will resolutely safeguard national sovereignty, security and regional peace and stability. ”  The Chinese government typically responds to American exercises in the region rapidly. China claims almost the entire South China Sea, including the sovereign territories of Brunei, Malaysia, Vietnam, Taiwan, the Philippines, and the waters off the coast of Indonesia. The Permanent Court of Arbitration at the Hague ruled last year that China’s claims on the Spratly and Paracel Islands —  sovereign territory of Vietnam and the Philippines —  were not valid, and China must cease its construction of military facilities in the region. China vowed to ignore the ruling and any other such international legal resolution. The United States has participated in challenging these illegal territorial claims through a variety of measures, from Freedom of Navigation Operations (FONOPs) within 12 nautical miles of the territory China claims, and military exercises both unilateral and joint with allied nations in the region. U. S. Pacific Command described the exercise on Thursday as part of a greater “continuous bomber presence” program, which included the participation of the bombers and the USS Sterett. According to an extensive report in the Japan Times, the mission lasted ten hours and was launched out of U. S. territory in Guam. The goal of the operation was to improve coordination between the ship and the bombers “by refining joint tactics, techniques and procedures while simultaneously strengthening their ability to seamlessly integrate their operations,” Pacific Command said. The statement explicitly did not refer to the operation as an FONOP. The report also did not address recent reports suggesting that the Chinese government has continued to expand its military presence in the region. The Pentagon recently submitted a report to Congress detailing advances in the militarizing of the Spratly Island chain. “China’s Spratly Islands outpost expansion effort is currently focused on building out the   capabilities of its three largest outposts —  Fiery Cross, Subi and Mischief Reefs —  after completion of its four smaller outposts early in 2016,” the report read, according to the South China Morning Post. “Once all these facilities are complete, China will have the capacity to house up to three regiments of fighters in the Spratly Islands. ” Among the new facilities are 24 “  hangars,   positions and other   infrastructure” on the reefs mentioned. The Chinese Foreign Ministry rejected the report. “China pursues the path of peaceful development and a national defense policy. China’s defense development is aimed at safeguarding state independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity,” spokeswoman Hua Chunying said this week, according to the   Global Times. As the report also mentioned potential Chinese expansion into Pakistan, Hua chided the United States and claimed cooperation with the Pakistani government “is not targeted at any third party. ”",0
6427,"Vitamin D Deficiency, Dirty Air Doubles Your Risk of Dementia","Vitamin D Deficiency, Dirty Air Doubles Your Risk of Dementia 1 in 4 Americans will struggle with Alzheimer's by 2050 Image Credits: geralt/Pixabay . 
Dementia is one of the most common and debilitating illnesses that older Americans face today. 
However, recent studies have suggested that air pollution may be one of the top causes for the contribution of the disease’s growth. 
By 2050, 1 in 4 Americans will suffer from Alzheimer’s. Alzheimer’s is the most potent form of dementia, and often ends in the patient unable to remember how to do daily and necessary tasks like eating or using the restroom. This will rival the current diabetes and obesity crises seen today. 
Recent studies have confirmed that a variety of environmental factors are at play when it comes to dementia. 
Doctors have noted that those who are deficient in vitamin D are 125% more likely to develop dementia than those who get in the necessary amount. 
A vitamin D deficiency can also be associated with brittle or soft bones as well as depression. It is recommended that everyone gets at least 10 minutes of sunlight per day in order to ensure they have enough vitamin D, as well as eat fortified dairy products or salmon, liver and red meat. Vitamin D can also be obtained through supplementation or fish oil. 
However, doctors have found that the biggest environmental risk for dementia lies in air pollution. 
In fact, the problem is so great that those who live in a city with high pollution can double their risk of develop dementia within 1 or 2 months living there. 
Recent studies have also shown that post-mortem examinations of the brains of those who have lived in highly polluted areas contain traces of magnetite. This chemical compound may be partially responsible for the memory impairments associated with dementia. 
The risk of developing dementia if you are exposed to air pollution increases exponentially if you are obese. 
Researchers say that those concerned about the epidemic can combat it by living somewhere with as little pollution as possible, maintaining a health intake of vitamin D and exercising. 
According to research, exercise is imperitive when it comes to staving off the illness. Dr. Laura Baker, who ran a study on dementia and exercise stated: 
“These findings are important because they strongly suggest a potent lifestyle intervention such as aerobic exercise can impact Alzheimer’s-related changes in the brain. No currently approved medication can rival these effects.” NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars Crew. Related Articles",0
6428,Trump Invites Widows of Slain Law Enforcement Officials to Joint Address to Congress,"President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump have invited two widows of slain police officers killed in the line of duty by an illegal immigrant to watch his first address to a joint session of Congress. [Jessica Davis and Susan Oliver are the widows of Detective Michael Davis and Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver from California who were killed in 2014 by Luis Enriquez Bracamontes. According to the White House, Bracamontes is an illegal immigrant who was arrested and deported twice but successfully   the country.  The Trumps have also invited Jamiel Shaw, Sr. whose son Jamiel Jr. was shot and killed by an illegal immigrant in 2008. Shaw endorsed Trump during the campaign, praising him for vowing to deport criminal illegal immigrants. Many Democratic lawmakers have announced that they are inviting refugees and illegal immigrants to Trump’s speech to protest his strict border enforcement measures.",0
6429,Moveable Feast Cafe 2016/10/28 … Open Thread | The Vineyard of the Saker,"Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. Name: ",0
6430,"Hajj Prep: Search Soul, Buy Sturdy Shoes, Pay the Dentist - The New York Times","JIDDA, Saudi Arabia  —   My father was on the phone from Australia, giving gravely voiced advice on preparing for the hajj, the annual Muslim pilgrimage to Mecca. “Have you paid the dentist?” he asked. “He ruined my teeth!” I shrieked. “No matter, Baba,” he said, using an Arabic endearment. “This is the hajj. You have to clear your debts, even if you don’t think they are fair. ” The hajj is a   pilgrimage of   rites that honor a birth story of Islam, a trek every Muslim is supposed to undertake at least once. It is a spiritual as well as physical journey, and requires preparations in both spheres. So I had to buy new shoes suitable for long days of walking and safe to wear in surging crowds. I was supposed to seek the forgiveness of anyone I have wronged  —   and forgive everybody who had wronged me. And I had to clear my debts. There is a dentist in the West Bank city of Ramallah who badly damaged my teeth this year, costing me thousands of dollars, days of pain and lasting emotional distress. This dentist has sent me nasty notes, threatening to use his “connections” to destroy my reputation if I did not pay him his outstanding bill of about $1, 000. I protested to my father, crying a little. “God will compensate you,” he soothed. “And then when you see that man again, you can raise your head up high and know he has nothing on you. ” Angry and resentful, I paid the dentist. I also made amends with the greedy landlord who refused to return my $2, 650 security deposit. Eventually, I landed here in Jidda, Saudi Arabia, only to find that my suitcase containing my clothes,   reader, computer charger, and contact lenses had been lost, and I had to forgive the luggage handlers, too. For hundreds of years, pilgrims have come to Saudi Arabia to sanctify God in Islam’s holiest site, heeding the command of the Quran: “And proclaim to mankind the hajj. They will come to you on foot, on very lean camel, they will come from every deep and distant mountain highway. ” Today, they also come by bus and aircraft. They traverse between sites in   corridors with lanes for those who are older and disabled. They eat in modern malls nearby, and some pay $2, 700 a night to stay in towering hotels with views of the Haram, the sprawling mosque built around the black,   building known as the Kaaba. Last year, more than 2, 300 people were killed in a crush during the hajj. The pilgrimage has also become a petri dish for disease many return home with a heavy cough Muslims call the “hajj flu. ” I grew up in a observant   Muslim family in Canberra, Australia, and at 15 started wearing the hijab. I prayed regularly, memorized the Quran and sought to study Shariah, Islamic law. But my faith began to shatter in college. I was 20 when I took off my head scarf, feeling I could no longer visibly represent a religion that did not allow women to preach before men, lead them in prayer or serve as witnesses in some judicial matters. Now, at 38, I have a tangled relationship with Islam. It is the bedrock of my values. It informs how I smile at strangers, give to charity and try to be patient with dentists and landlords. But I date, I own a (modest) bikini, and while I still fast during the holy month of Ramadan, I do not exactly adhere to Islam’s other prescriptions. Still, I had always dreamed of doing the hajj. My oldest sister, Marwa, a farmer in rural New South Wales, and I planned to take a year off and walk to the Kaaba, as the great Sufi woman Rabia   did in the eighth century, from Basra, Iraq. It was one of those   items that got kicked back as life happened. Then a few months ago, a colleague suggested that I apply for a journalist visa to cover the hajj. I posed for a fresh passport photo wearing a black head scarf, red lipstick, and a scowl. “Are you a Muslim, sister?” the man at the Saudi Embassy in Jordan asked, looking suspiciously at the photo. “Yes, sir,” I said, pointing to my rather poetic name, Diaa   the Light of Radwa. Radwa is a mountain in Medina, the   city in Islam. The man stamped my passport with the visa. Suddenly, it was real. In the weeks since, I have sometimes found myself crying as I realized I would soon lay my own eyes on the Kaaba, which is empty  —   a reminder that the heart of Islam is the worship of a singular, inimitable God. I am also dreading the crowds, the heat and the logistics, and especially the minder whom the Saudi Ministry of Information assigns to follow journalists everywhere. And I’m anxious about my parents’ expectations. Then there was the matter of footwear. I had been planning to wear hiking boots  —   sturdy, comfortable, and nobody would squash my toes. My mum quickly nixed that notion. “If you wear shoelaces,” she warned in halting English, “men will try grab you as bend over to untie them. ” Mum has undertaken the pilgrimage several times, and said nothing worked better than socks and Crocs  —   easy to slip on and off. Crocs I got. But socks? Because, she explained, people pee everywhere, and you want to avoid stepping in that. Instead, I bought braided leather sandals. And socks. I have taken my sister Arwa’s advice of wearing a long robe with a zipper, instead of buttons, so nobody can rip it open. Per my mother’s instruction, I tailored it to sit above my ankles, so I won’t trip. (It’s much harder for men, who may wear only two seamless white sheets. That’s it. No underwear, nothing. I can’t imagine working like that.) Hijab is of course required I have added an elastic band, so if the scarf slips, I won’t reveal any strands. My brother Saif says people get really angry at women who look immodest. In the bag I will keep clutched to my chest I have a camera, a notepad, an iPhone, disinfectant gel, medicine for diarrhea, and antibiotics. My brother says it’s too dangerous to let my camera or anything else dangle from my neck it could get snagged. “I cannot begin to describe the crowds,” he wrote on our family WhatsApp group. “You will often be stuck in human traffic moving only by the will of people around you, almost like a wave carrying you. ” Saif undertook the hajj four years ago, when he was 31. “You may get shoved out of the way by a burly Turkish woman,” my brother continued. “A man might think it is his   right to pee in front of you. Just be patient and know why you are there in the first place. ” He called a few days later: “Listen, I forgot to tell you something. ” “Do your business before you go anywhere,” my brother said, describing how he once had to wait two or three hours to move perhaps 50 yards to a hotel. “Toilets, toilets, be very conscious of where they are and how you can get there. ” Diarrhea is an   threat. “You might need to find a quick escape route to a bathroom. ” My father chimed in: “Buy your dates in Taif,” a Saudi city near the holy sites. There, he said, “they only cost a couple of dollars a kilo. If you buy them in Mecca or Medina, it’s around $35 a kilo. Everything is more expensive there. ” And then, Arwa, who made the journey in 2004, refocused me. “The spiritual feeling overtakes” these earthly issues, “the people that rip you off, the men that are sexually assaulting people in front of you,” she wrote on WhatsApp. “It takes over all of that. It’s beautiful and unforgettable. ”",0
6431,"10 radikale Vorhaben, die Donald Trump sofort nach Amtsantritt durchsetzen wird","Donnerstag, 10. November 2016 10 radikale Vorhaben, die Donald Trump sofort nach Amtsantritt durchsetzen wird Er wird der mächtigste US-Präsident seit Jahren: Mit republikanischen Mehrheiten im Repräsentantenhaus und im Senat kann Donald Trump die nächsten vier Jahre praktisch durchregieren. Doch welche Pläne will der sympathische Milliardär eigentlich genau umsetzen? Hier erfahren Sie, was Präsident Trump in den ersten 100 Tagen seiner Amtszeit vorhat: 1. Weißes Haus zu Weißem Hochhaus ausbauen ""Make America Great Again"" – so lautete Trumps Wahlslogan. Anfangen mit der Greatmakerei will der neue Präsident direkt bei seinem Amtssitz. Das Weiße Haus, auf dem künftig in großen, goldenen Lettern ""Trump White Tower"" stehen wird, soll direkt nach Trumps Amtsantritt im Januar 2017 um 345 Etagen aufgestockt werden. Den lukrativen Auftrag zur Errichtung des Weißen Hochhauses soll Trumps eigene Baufirma erhalten. 2. Austritt aus der EU (USAxit) Trump will die Vereinigten Staaten schnellstmöglich aus der EU austreten lassen. ""Es kann nicht sein, dass irgendwelche Bürokraten in Brüssel dem kleinen Mann diktieren, welche Krümmung sein Gewehrlauf maximal aufweisen darf! Ich sage raus aus dieser EU!"", so Trump im Wahlkampf. 3. Alles, was Obama je getan oder gesagt hat, rückgängig machen Darauf haben Republikaner lange gewartet: Trump will alle Gesetze und jede einzelne Amtshandlung Obamas so schnell wie möglich rückgängig machen. Doch nicht nur das: Auch Barack Obamas private Leistungen sollen nachträglich revidiert werden, darunter auch seine Doktorarbeit aus dem Jahr 1991. Zudem soll eine im Jahr 2005 von Obama gerettete angefahrene Katze ausfindig gemacht und getötet werden. 4. Rückzug aus Krisengebieten Donald Trump will, dass die Vereinigten Staaten aufhören Weltpolizei zu spielen und sich mehr auf sich selbst konzentrieren. Hierzulande wird das zur Folge haben, dass unsere Politiker behaupten, Deutschland müsse nun international mehr Verantwortung übernehmen, was zu mehr Aufrüstung und Kriegseinsätzen führen wird. Ganz anders sähe es aus, hätte Hillary gewonnen: Sie hätte Deutschland zu mehr internationaler Verantwortung gedrängt, woraufhin deutsche Politiker bereitwillig aufgerüstet hätten, um mehr Kriegseinsätze bewältigen zu können. 5. Burkapflicht für alle Frauen, die keine Sieben oder höher sind Diese Maßnahme liegt Donald Trump besonders am Herzen: Alle Frauen, die von dem Milliardär visuell weniger als sieben von zehn möglichen Punkten erhalten, sollen dazu verpflichtet werden, ihre unförmigen Körper künftig unter einer Burka zu verstecken. Wer der Verhüllungspflicht entgehen will, kann mit Schönheitsoperationen auf der Skala nach oben klettern. Verwechslungen mit Frauen aus der Gruppe der 3,3 Millionen in den USA lebenden Muslime sind ausgeschlossen, da sie am ersten Tag nach Amtsantritt geschlossen in Guantanamo interniert werden. 6. Alaska an Wladimir Putin abtreten Donald Trump will kein Kalter Krieger sein: Als Zeichen des guten Willens und der Zusammenarbeit mit Wladimir Putin will Trump den Bundesstaat Alaska an Russland abtreten. Trump ist an Alaska ohnehin nicht viel gelegen, weil die Frauen aufgrund des kühlen Klimas dort so gut wie nie sexy Klamotten tragen. Im Gegenzug wird Putin dann die Lösung sämtlicher Krisen im Nahen Osten übernehmen. 7. Umbau des Yosemite-Nationalparks in einen Luxus-Golfplatz Mit der Umweltpolitik seines Vorgängers Barack Obama hat Donald Trump nichts am Hut. Das erkennt man auch daran, dass er den über 3000 Quadratkilometer großen Yosemite Nationalpark in einen Luxus-Golfplatz mit dem Namen Trumpemite National-Golfplatz umwandeln wird. Den lukrativen Auftrag zur Errichtung des Golfplatzes soll Trumps eigene Baufirma erhalten. 8. Waffenpflicht für alle Als kleines Zugeständnis an seine Unterstützer von der NRA plant Trump schon in den ersten 100 Tagen seiner Amtszeit die Einführung einer Waffenpflicht (""mandatory right to bear guns"") für alle US-Amerikaner, die imstande sind, eine Waffe zu halten. Säuglinge unter 6 Monaten sind ausgenommen, müssen aber eine Kuschelwaffe besitzen. Durch die Waffenpflicht sollen Amokläufe und Schießereien in den USA endgültig der Vergangenheit angehören, da bewaffnete Wahnsinnige sofort erschossen werden können. 9. Steuersenkung auf 0%, um den verdammten Staat endlich auszubluten Um die amerikanischen Bürger endlich vor der Tyrannei des raffgierigen Staates zu befreien und ein angenehmes Investitionsklima für Unternehmen zu schaffen, hat Trump angekündigt, alle Steuern auf 0 Prozent zu senken. Statt von einer milliardenschweren Bürokratiemaschinerie sollen alle Staatsgeschäfte dann von einem Büro mit maximal drei Mitarbeitern bewältigt werden, das sich über einen eigenen Limonadenstand in der Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington finanziert. 10. Mauer um die USA Eine Mauer zu Mexiko reicht Trump schon lange nicht mehr, seit er gehört hat, dass Flüchtlinge auch über das Meer oder Kanada in die USA einwandern können. Darum will er das gesamte Land entlang der Grenzen und der Küstenlinie mit einer 32.143 Kilometer langen und fünf Meter hohen Mauer umgeben. Das hat noch einen weiteren Vorteil: Nicht nur kann niemand mehr rein, es kommt auch keiner mehr raus. Den lukrativen Auftrag zur Errichtung der Mauer soll Trumps eigene Baufirma erhalten. ssi, dan; Fotos: Meistens Shutterstock; Foto Trump: Gage Skidmore , CC BY-SA 2.0 Artikel teilen:",0
6432,Little Blue Balls...,"link Years ago I came here for the UFOs and after a small amount of time I stopped believing, mostly due to nothing being 'real' anymore, most stuff is faked, at least in my opinion... The below is true, even if it's not as exciting as CGI videos... My main reason for posting is about one of the (very few) times I saw 'stuff'. Back in Summer of July,1974 I went on a camping trip to Possum Kingdom Lake in West Texas with a friend Robert, (my last trip as a single guy before I got married the following month). The trip was a lot of canoeing, swimming, cliff diving, snorkeling, and camping out at night beneath the stars, no tent, just star gazing while we eventually drifted off to sleep nightly. (Robert and I were best friends and also worked together too) Anyway, one really, REALLY dark chilly and moonless night about 9:30pm or so, we had tucked ourselves in our sleeping bags and had a really good spot (elevated with no distractions) to look at the night sky, I had excellent vision then and could see pretty danged good, (I was 21) my friend was 20. He partook of the herb and drank beer daily and I consumed a few beers daily, by nightfall we were tuckered out and wanted nothing more than to just go to sleep, the heat of the West Texas day really took it out of us. The campsite was only accessed by boat, we used a rental canoe, so we paddled our way to this place that was a fairly large and very rugged rocky peninsula with some cliffs being 20-30 foot high. (They seemed a LOT taller to me!) We camped on the top of the cliffs at night and played down on the water by day. So this one night I was looking at a particular spot up there above us and he was looking at another, I then saw, it, and said, ""Look right there!"", he having binoculars he looked at where I had pointed, saw ""it"" and got pretty excited. He finally let me look at it through his binoculars and what I saw was the following... Slightly larger than what we normally see a satellite was a transparent, or semi-transparent and faint bluish looking sphere, a clear 'bubble really, moving at a speed I remember as being slightly faster than what a satellite would be going, but not so much faster or slower than any plane/jet traffic would be, in my estimation. It was going South and we watched it by passing the binoculars back and forth. We both assumed it was a satellite. Exciting stuff, but then one of us (I really can't remember who) noticed another one, this time coming from the East, they appeared to be on a course that appeared to us that would be really a close call if they were at the same altitude. When they were getting a little too close for comfort (at least for us!) the one that came from the East shot a light bluish light at the Southbound sphere, it wasn't laser-like at all (I don't think) but it appeared more like a v-shaped beam from a flashlight shot at it. It lasted all of a second, and I am positive that it happened due to we both saw it at the same time. The light flash made the Southbound one turn Westward, now going almost the same direction as the one from the East, making them both going in the same direction, actually the one that got flashed didn't make a 90 degree turn, it was really going more of a path more like West-southwest more like 87 degrees or so, just guessing now. When I say that it turned, it turned abruptly, not at all anything like any plane would do, that struck us both as being odd, no curving involved at all. We watched them until they both grew dim from the distance, both staying in a straight line to their (intended?) destination. Of course we kept thinking that the one that flashed the beam would turn and follow the other, but nope. I could be wrong on the speed and the directions, but the rest is completely accurate. The really sharp turn back then was unheard of, we hear it all of the time now, years ago though it wasn't talked about at all, not even in the tabloids. This is why this really stood out out to me all of these years, that almost 90 degree turn. To be honest I just didn't understand what we had just seen. We finally got to sleep that night, I don't know how long it took us, but we did, but after a few hours (around 3-ish am) Robert woke me up and said, ""Listen!"", and I heard footsteps, that scared us pretty good 'cause we had gotten so worked up earlier, I guess. heheh We listened to the small branches and small gravel rocks moving beneath whatever it was that was about to kill us, well, we did until we finally scared ourselves to sleep. (I have to admit, O.K., yeah, I did partake myself, but only a little bit, I wasn't into it like him but I was on vacation, that made us both VERY paranoid, I guess) Anyway, the next morning we found our bread and peanut butter missing, the bread's plastic wrapper was there but no bread. CREEPY. A few years later my boss (who I had told all of this to and he made fun of me) told me that the same thing happened to him, his peanut butter and bread went missing while camped on a river, they determined that it was a raccoon, which, they do this sort of thing, I know now. Now to regular people that might not seem like much, especially now days, here on this forum more spectacular claims are made daily. Still, for back then it was REALLY something. My older brother (by 3-1/2 years) and I were camping with no tent underneath the starry sky of Caddo Lake in East Texas around 1981 in the Spring, May I think, and we were looking at a patch of sky surrounded by silhouetted trees actually talking about when we were kids looking for flying saucers. (That's all they were known as back then) Our entire family would look out at the sky in our backyard, it was a common thing for us to do back in the fifties, after all, that was its heyday. As we stared at the sky in the back of my pick-up I mentioned the bluish sphere that I had seen years before at Possum Kingdom Lake, he being quiet through the entire story, he wasn't that talkative really, and within 5 minutes of me mentioning this to him we saw one. (I had my own binoculars this time!) I was really amazed, it was exactly as what I had seen before, I mean exactly! Nothing major happened though, it just quietly slid across the sky in front of us and disappeared behind the trees to our right, and that was that. My brother was never a believer anyway, maybe had it landed it would change his mind. We saw several regular ol' satellites afterwards too. Why I even bring this up is that when I first started coming here around 2008 (lurking) I read a thread of a guy here that saw the exact thing I did, with the slightly v-shaped flashlight looking beam and the other blue sphere turning away, I'd REALLY love to read that again, it was a good feeling to be somewhat confirmed. I say, ""confirmed"" because that friend, Robert that witnessed the sphere denied it in front of a LOT of people at work. We hardly talked about anything else on that trip, and especially on the way home too. Assuming he felt as I did I brought it up when a bunch of guys were taking a break at work, maybe 10-12 people, I didn't see the harm in telling what we saw. After I said my piece I said, ""Ask Robert"". Robert said I was crazy and he didn't see a thing, I thought he was kidding but he was being serious, you'd think that on the way back he'd say that he wasn't wanting to tell anyone, but, Nooo... edit on 26-10-2016 by recrisp because: Typo",0
6433,WATCH: Louis CK’s EPIC Answer on Trump vs. Hillary,"Comments 
Conan O’Brien asked comedian Louis CK who he’s choosing between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump in this years election, his answer was amazing! He said: 
“I’m going to vote for Hillary because… I think she’s great! It’s not a lesser of two evils. I think she’s great, she’s really talented and I think she’s super smart, I would take her over anybody else that would do it. To me it’s really exciting to have the first mother in the White House, it’s not just about the first woman, it’s about the first mom. Because a mother she’s got it! A mother just does IT. She feeds you, and teaches you, she protects you. She takes care of shit.” 
“We’ve had 240 years of fathers. Father after father. Bald Father. Fat Father. Every kind of Father. Fathers are ok. I’m a dad, you’re a dad. A GREAT father can give his kids about 40% of their needs. Any mother, even a not even trying mother can give 200%!” 
Watch the rest here, because the ending is truly the best part:",0
6434,"La Russie, la Chine et l’Arabie saoudite mettent en échec l’hégémonie du dollar, par Ariel Noyola Rodríguez","La Russie, la Chine et l’Arabie saoudite mettent en échec l’hégémonie du dollar par Ariel Noyola Rodríguez Les États-Unis rencontrent de plus en plus d’obstacles sur leur chemin pour maintenir l’hégémonie du dollar comme monnaie de réserve mondiale. Ces derniers mois, des pays émergents ont vendu de nombreux bons du Trésor US, principalement la Russie et la Chine, mais aussi l’Arabie saoudite. En outre, afin de se protéger contre les fluctuations violentes du dollar, les banques centrales de plusieurs pays ont acquis d’énormes volumes d’or pour diversifier leurs réserves de devises. En bref, l’offensive mondiale contre le dollar repart avec la vente massive de la dette états-unienne et, en parallèle, des achats colossaux de métaux précieux.
Réseau Voltaire | Mexico (Mexique) | 5 novembre 2016 Español italiano La suprématie de Washington sur le système financier mondial a subi un terrible coup en août dernier : la Russie, la Chine et l’Arabie saoudite ont vendu des bons du Trésor des États-Unis pour la somme de 37,9 milliards de dollars, selon la dernière mise à jour des données officielles publiée il y a quelques jours [ 1 ]. Dans une perspective globale, les investissements mondiaux dans la dette publique des États-Unis ont chuté à leur niveau le plus bas depuis juillet 2012. De toute évidence, le rôle du dollar comme monnaie de réserve mondiale est de nouveau remis en question.
En 2010, l’amiral Michael Mullen, ancien président du Comité des chefs d’état-major US a averti que la dette était la principale menace contre la sécurité nationale de son pays [ 2 ]. À mon avis, ce n’est pas tant le niveau élevé de la dette publique — maintenant au-dessus 19 000 milliards de dollars [ 3 ]— qui est une pierre dans la chaussure de l’économie états-unienne, mais bien plutôt qu’il est essentiel pour Washington, d’assurer un énorme flux quotidien de ressources, provenant de l’étranger, pour couvrir ses déficits jumeaux, commercial et budgétaire. Pour le département du Trésor, il s’agit d’une question de vie ou de mort de pouvoir vendre des titres de créance dans le monde entier, et ainsi financer les dépenses des États-Unis.
Rappelez-vous que, après la faillite de Lehman Brothers en septembre 2008, la Banque populaire de Chine (PBOC, selon son sigle en anglais) a été fortement incitée, par Ben Bernanke, alors président du Système de la Réserve fédérale (FED), de ne pas vendre ses titres de la dette US. Dans un premier temps, les Chinois ont décidé de soutenir le dollar. Mais, dans un second temps, la PBOC s’est abstenue d’acheter plus de bons du Trésor des États-Unis et a, en même temps, lancé un plan visant à diversifier ses réserves en devises.
Pékin a massivement acheté de l’or au cours des dernières années, et la Banque centrale de Russie a fait de même. Au cours du deuxième trimestre de 2016, les réserves d’or de la Banque de Chine ont atteint 1 823 tonnes contre 1 762 tonnes enregistrées au dernier trimestre de 2015. La Fédération de Russie, pour sa part, a augmenté ses réserves d’or d’environ 290 tonnes entre décembre 2014 et juin 2016, elle a clôturé le deuxième trimestre de cette année, avec un total cumulé de 1 500 tonnes.
Face aux brutales secousses du dollar, il est crucial d’acheter des actifs plus sûrs, comme l’or. En période de grande instabilité financière, il s’agit d’un refuge sûr. Donc, la stratégie de Moscou et de Pékin consistant à vendre des bons du Trésor US, pour ensuite acheter de l’or, a été suivie par de nombreux pays. Selon les estimations du Fonds monétaire international (FMI), les réserves d’or des banques centrales du monde entier ont déjà atteint leur plus haut niveau des quinze dernières années après l’inventaire, au début d’octobre, d’un volume total de près de 33 000 tonnes [ 4 ].
L’évolution des relations internationales joue également son rôle dans l’élaboration d’un nouvel ordre financier mondial. Suite à l’imposition de sanctions économiques contre le Kremlin, à partir de 2014, la relation avec la Chine a pris une grande importance pour les Russes. Depuis lors, les deux puissances ont approfondi leurs liens dans tous les domaines, de l’économie, des finances, et de la coopération militaire. En plus de garantir la fourniture de gaz à la Chine pour les trois prochaines décennies, le président Vladimir Poutine a construit avec son homologue Xi Jinping une alliance financière puissante qui cherche à mettre fin une fois pour toutes à la domination de la devise états-unienne.
Actuellement, les hydrocarbures que Moscou vend à Pékin sont payés en yuans, pas en dollars. Ainsi, la « monnaie du peuple » ( renminbi en chinois) est en train d’émerger progressivement dans le marché mondial des hydrocarbures à travers le commerce entre la Russie et la Chine, les deux pays qui, à mon avis, sont à la tête de la construction d’un système monétaire multipolaire.
La grande nouvelle est que la course à la dé-dollarisation de l’économie mondiale a été rejointe par l’Arabie saoudite, un pays qui depuis des décennies était resté un allié fidèle de la politique étrangère de Washington. Étonnamment, au cours des douze derniers mois Riyad s’est débarrassé de plus de 19 milliards de dollars de bons du Trésor des États-Unis, devenant ainsi, avec la Chine, l’un des principaux vendeurs de la dette US [ 5 ]. Pour aggraver les choses, la fureur du royaume saoudien contre la Maison Blanche a augmente d’intensité.
Il se trouve en effet qu’à la fin de septembre dernier, le Congrès est passé outre le veto du président Barack Obama à une loi qui empêchait les États-uniens d’attaquer l’Arabie saoudite en justice pour son implication présumée dans les attentats du 11 septembre 2001 [ 6 ]. Simultanément, l’Organisation des pays exportateurs de pétrole (OPEP) a conclu un accord historique avec la Russie pour réduire le niveau de la production de pétrole et favoriser ainsi une augmentation des prix [ 7 ].
Il est frappant de constater que, à l’époque, Pékin a ouvert des négociations directes avec l’Arabie saoudite pour commercer directement entre les deux monnaies, le yuan et le riyal, sans passer par le dollar, ceci à travers le système chinois d’échange de devises étrangères (CFETS, pour son sigle en anglais) [ 8 ]. Par conséquent, il est fort probable que, tôt ou tard, la compagnie pétrolière Saudi Aramco acceptera les paiements en yuans au lieu des dollars. Si cela se réalise, la Maison des Saoud jouera à fond le pari du petroyuan [ 9 ]. Le monde est en train de changer sous nos yeux.
Ariel Noyola Rodríguez Traduction
JJ
site : Le Saker Francophone
Source
Russia Today (Russie)",0
6436,Obama to Send Aide to Fidel Castro’s Funeral - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Obama will not send a formal delegation to Cuba to attend the funeral of the former Cuban strongman Fidel Castro, but instead will dispatch a top White House aide. Benjamin J. Rhodes, a deputy national security adviser, will attend the funeral, as will Jeffrey DeLaurentis, the top American diplomat in Cuba, to represent the United States, said Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary. The administration decided that the relationship between the two countries remained “quite complicated,” Mr. Earnest said. “There are many aspects of the U. S.  relationship that were characterized by a lot of conflict and turmoil, not just during the Castro regime. ” Mr. Earnest said the administration continued to have significant concerns about the Cuban government, including its poor protection of basic human rights. “So, we believe that this was an appropriate way for the United States to show our commitment to an ongoing   relationship with the Cuban people,” Mr. Earnest said. Although he is not a diplomat, Mr. Rhodes was the central White House interlocutor during negotiations with the Cuban government over the recent opening of relations between the two countries, and he was scheduled to be in Cuba this week for more meetings anyway, Mr. Earnest said.   Donald J. Trump warned Monday that the push to build ties with Cuba after decades of animosity could be quickly wiped away, despite growing business and commercial ties between the countries. “If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the   people and the U. S. as a whole, I will terminate deal,” he said on Twitter. Mr. Trump’s message threatened to end one of Mr. Obama’s signature foreign policy initiatives, an effort to overturn decades of enmity. Mr. Obama has relaxed restrictions on commerce, trade and financial transactions with Cuba, but he has not been able to overturn an embargo put in place by Congress. Mr. Obama has sought to strike a difficult balance between ending the countries’ animosity and acknowledging the island government’s faults. He has seen the decades of American efforts to undermine and even overthrow Cuba’s government as being not only unsuccessful but also harmful to the United States’ image in the region. By reducing the temperature of the language against Cuba, Mr. Obama believes that the world is more likely to focus more on Cuba’s own difficulties on economic change and human rights, Mr. Earnest said. But Republicans were sharply critical on Saturday, the day after Mr. Castro’s death, of a White House statement that noted that it was an occasion for Americans to “extend a hand of friendship to the Cuban people” while doing little to castigate the former leader’s record of brutality. A few hours after the White House released its statement, a statement from Mr. Trump’s transition team called Mr. Castro a “brutal dictator” who had oppressed his own people for decades and left a legacy of “firing squads, theft, unimaginable suffering, poverty and the denial of fundamental human rights. ”",0
6437,Санкции против России - отрезвление близко?,"0 комментариев 3 поделились Фото: Fotodom.ru/DP 
Эксперты Bloomberg уверены: США не будут вводить по-настоящему серьёзные санкции против России. Вашингтон мог бы запретить покупку российских гособлигаций или отключить Россию от системы межбанковских сообщений SWIFT, но это может крайне негативно отразиться на экономике Европы и мира. 
Pravda.Ru обратилась за комментарием подобной смены направления санкционной политики США к первому проректору Финансового университета при правительстве РФ Константину Симонову. 
Пока рано говорить о том, что в США началось некое отрезвление, стоит дождаться новой администрации и посмотреть, какими будут их взгляды, считает эксперт. Нынешнее правительство по-прежнему воспринимает Россию, как противника и оппонента, по-прежнему давит на нас. 
""Надо понимать очевидную вещь: если бы у Соединенных Штатов были бы какие-то реальные возможности по нанесению ущерба нашей экономике, они бы неизбежно их применили "", - отметил Константин Симонов. 
Собеседник Pravda.Ru напомнил, что еще год назад на Западе была следующая концепция: ""Не волнуйтесь, дорогие обыватели, у нас есть секретные приемы против России. Если, грубо говоря, они еще будут наглеть, мы их там прижмем, и им конец"". 
Говорилось о том, что Россию будет отключена от системы SWIFT. ""Это было смешно, я специально поговорил с людьми, которые занимались внешнеэкономической деятельностью до создания SWIFT. SWIFT система уж не такая и старая, торговали раньше без нее, по телексу отправляли платежки"", - поделился эксперт. По сути, SWIFT всегда была секретной кнопкой, на которую невозможно нажать. 
Куда еще расширять санкции? Можно полностью запретить все экономические отношения с Россией, продолжает Константин Симонов. Это, конечно, повлияло бы на российскую экономику. (Глава МИД Великобритании) Борис Джонсон, например, предлагал это. Возникает ответный вопрос: если у вас 42% импорта газа - российский газ, а треть рынка нефти - это российская нефть, то как вы собираетесь существовать без России? 
Надо сказать, что санкции породили антисанкции, которые болезненно воспринимаются европейскими предприятиями. Например, Италия, исторически не раз терпевшая поражение от России, успела пожалеть о введении санкций . ""Я неделю был в Вероне (это одна из самых экономически развитых частей Италии) и встретился с крупным итальянским бизнесменом. Говоря о санкциях, он заявил, что русские нам ничего в жизни плохого не сделали. Это мы к ним пришли с Наполеоном там под Березиной, получили тысячи трупов, потом с Гитлером зачем-то полезли туда и получили десятки тысяч трупов. Никогда у итальянцев к русским не было претензий. Никогда они нам ничего плохого не делали. Зачем мы ввели эти санкции, если теперь не сможем торговать?"", - поделился с Pravda.Ru эксперт. 
Тем не менее мы понимаем, что это скорее локальная, бизнесовая точка зрения. Нельзя сказать, что население Европы в целом сильно страдает от того, что против России применены санкции. Пока что эта точка зрения не является мейнстримной, но все может поменяться, заключил Константин Симонов. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda.Ru на сегодня Поделиться:",0
6438,Common painkillers linked to increased heart failure risk,"Common painkillers linked to increased heart failure risk 
Tuesday, November 01, 2016 by: L.J. Devon, Staff Writer Tags: heart failure , pain management , antioxidants (NaturalNews) When elderly patients with joint problems start taking common painkillers such as ibuprofen and naproxen, their risk of heart failure increases. This is the finding of a UK study published in the British Medical Journal . The study investigated 10 million people with an average age of 77 from the UK, the Netherlands, Italy and Germany. Those who took non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) were rushed to the hospital with heart failure 19 percent more often than those who did not take the drugs. The same awful correlation was not made for those under the age of 65, but the study does point out that serious health problems are being ignored and numbed by painkillers. Dealing with the root cause of inflammation is more important for long-term health Regular use of NSAIDs is becoming a popular strategy to help manage pain later in life. Using these over-the-counter painkillers may take the edge off the pain, but continued use does not deal with the problems that are causing the inflammation in the first place. And old age is not the reason for the pain.For this reason, elderly patients could benefit more from natural anti-inflammatory substances that work with the body's healing process. Over time, giving the body phyto-nutrients such as astaxanthin, curcumin and capsicum do much greater damage repair than NSAIDs. These plant based medicines go after the free radicals that are causing damage at the cellular level.Numbing the pain is not enough, and allows heart conditions to go unnoticed, leading to heart failure . Pain within the joints and tissues is a signal to the conscious self that there is indeed a breakdown, an imbalance, or a deficiency. When NSAIDs are thrown at the problem regularly, there can only be a numbing of the real problems that the elderly patient faces. When the correct nutrients are absorbed and toxins are removed, then the root problem sending the message of pain can be repaired. Better pain management essential for the elderly Flu shots and other vaccines containing aluminum are pushed on the elderly as ""medicine."" The aluminum acts as an inflammatory adjuvant to trigger the immune system to respond to the virus material in the vaccine. The inflammation and genetic damage that aluminum is known to cause may be exacerbating pain in elderly patients and causing damage to their nervous systems.Natural substances that repair the nervous and immune systems would be better advised for the elderly population. However, the medical system and the common patient do not understand how to use substances such as phenolic compounds that come from plants. These real life medicines possess antioxidant properties that act as therapeutic agents to counteract oxidative stress. Something as simple as Siberian ginseng ( Eleutherococcus senticosus ) can be included in the diet to provide greater mental and physical stamina. This root contains a powerful combination of sterols, coumarins, flavonoids and polysaccharides that lessen the effect of stress on the body, allowing one to adapt to high stress situations and manage pain more effectively. Sources include:",0
6439,Comment on Saudi Arabia to behead disabled man for taking part in protests by Artist,"Posted on November 5, 2016 by DCG | 1 Comment 
From The Independent : Saudi Arabia is set to behead a disabled man for taking part in anti-government protests. 
A specialised criminal court in Riyadh , the Arab kingdom’s capital, sentenced Munir al-Adam, to death for “attacks on police” and other offences they said took place during protests in the Shia-dominated east in late 2011 . 
The 23-year-old is partially blind and was already partially deaf at the time of arrest; he alleges he is now completely deaf in one ear as a result of being severely beaten by police. His family issued a statement rejecting the verdict and claiming that Mr. Adam was tortured into confessing, The Times reported. 
The steel cable worker said he had only signed a document admitting the offences after being repeatedly beaten. He said he had been accused of “sending texts” when he was too poor to own a mobile phone. 
Forty-seven protesters and alleged supporters of al-Qaeda were executed in a single day in January. In July, the number of beheadings in Saudi Arabia reached 108 this year, putting the country, which has a population of nearly 29 million people, on track to exceed its 2015 execution total. 
Saudi Arabia is one of the world’s most prolific executioners. Research last year by human rights organisation Reprieve found that, of those identified as facing execution in Saudi Arabia, some 72 per cent were sentenced to death for non-violent alleged crimes, while torture and forced confessions were common. 
“Munir Adam’s appalling case illustrates how the Saudi authorities are all too happy to subject the most vulnerable people to the swordsman’s blade,” said Maya Foa, of Reprieve. “Saudi Arabia’s close allies, including the UK, must urge the kingdom to release Munir, along with juveniles and others who were sentenced to death for protesting.” 
The traditionally close relationship between Saudi Arabia and Britain has become strained in the past year as people in the West have protested against the use of the death penalty, including against minors. Protests also erupted across the Middle East in January. 
Sara Hashah, Amnesty International’s Middle East and North Africa spokesperson, said Saudi Arabia, Pakistan and Iran were responsible for 90 per cent of all recorded executions globally and were out of step with the rest of the world . 
“In Saudi Arabia, where people are routinely sentenced to death after grossly unfair trials, we have seen a dramatic surge in the number of executions in the past two years which has shown no sign of abating in 2016,” she told The Independent in July. 
“This clearly demonstrates that Saudi Arabia’s authorities are increasingly out of step with a global trend of states moving away from the death penalty. “Saudi Arabia’s authorities must end their reliance on this cruel, inhuman and degrading form of punishment immediately.” 
Mr. Adam was reportedly detained in February 2012 for taking part in protests in his home town of Qatif the previous year, when he was 18 years old. 
Read the rest of the story here . 
DCG",0
6440,Resource Packet for Allies Travelling to Standing Rock,"Resource Packet for Allies Travelling to Standing Rock Posted on November 1, 2016 Resource Packet for Allies Travelling to Standing Rock Share on Twitter “This is about reflecting on how you can come in a good way, and not about how to be ‘right.'” 
Now that the Indigenous resistance to the Dakota Access Pipeline is grabbing headlines, a growing number of non-native allies are travelling to Standing Rock to stand with the water protectors. And with an urgent call out for people to come and commit civil disobedience to stop this pipeline, there is lots of need for more allies to come and throw down. 
A group of folks called Solidariteam put together a resource packet for people who are showing up without much experience or history with Indigenous spaces and communities; as one member wrote, the packet is “for folks that are navigating the complexities of power, privilege, settler colonialism, shame, solidarity, support, taking leadership from Indigenous communities and taking action.” 
The packet includes information about camp culture, questions to ask yourself before going (and ways you can help from home that you might not have thought of; a lot of folks have skills that make them way more useful at home than in the camp), and cultural protocols written with guidance from camp elders. 
You can find the packet and download the tools at standingrocksolidaritynetwork.org/resource-packet . And when you’re done, check out the rest of the website for more useful info: finding out current needs and which donation sites are legitimate, sources of Indigenous history and analysis, connect with local organizing in your town, and more.  ",0
6441,В Волге нашли американский зоопланктон,"Короткая ссылка 27 октября 2016, 01:21 Группа учёных из Нижегородского государственного университета им. Н. И. Лобачевского (ННГУ) обнаружила в Чебоксарском и Горьковском водохранилищах организм Kellicottia bostoniensis, впервые обнаруженный в водоёме Бостона в США. По мнению учёных, этот хорошо приспосабливающийся вид зоопланктона может изменить экосистему всего бассейна реки Волга. 
«Идёт очень быстрый процесс расселения этих чужеродных организмов, захвата ими всё новых территорий и быстрое изменение экосистем», — приводит ТАСС заявление сотрудника Института биологии и биомедицины ННГУ Галины Шургановой. 
По её словам, организмы могли прийти в Волгу из Каспийского моря и северных областей России, где они были обнаружены ранее. 
В то же время отмечается, что появление нового вида зоопланктона не должно нанести существованию рыб в бассейне реки. «В животном мире не бывает пустой ниши — если один вид исчезнет, на его место придет другой, и рыба будет кушать то, что есть», — отметил сотрудник Государственного научно-исследовательского института озерного и речного рыбного хозяйства (ГОСНИОРХ) Алексея Клевакина. Подписывайтесь на наш Telegram , чтобы быть в курсе самых важных новостей. Для этого достаточно иметь Telegram на любом устройстве, пройти по ссылке и нажать кнопку Join.",0
6442,PETER THIEL’S CIA-BACKED DATA MINING COMPANY WINS COURT BATTLE AGAINST THE U.S. ARMY,"Home › POLITICS | US NEWS › PETER THIEL’S CIA-BACKED DATA MINING COMPANY WINS COURT BATTLE AGAINST THE U.S. ARMY PETER THIEL’S CIA-BACKED DATA MINING COMPANY WINS COURT BATTLE AGAINST THE U.S. ARMY 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] PALANTIR, A DATA mining behemoth that received startup funding from the CIA, just got its foot in the door to a lucrative U.S. military contract following a months-long legal battle with the Army. 
On Monday the software company won the chance to pitch its data services, the Gotham Platform, to help build out an upgrade to the Distributed Common Ground System — an Army program “that gathers intelligence spanning all echelons from space to mud,” according to the service’s website. 
The contracts for the project could eventually total in the billions of dollars. 
The Army has had a strained relationship with the Silicon Valley startup, despite the company’s coziness with the intelligence community, according to press reports. This summer, Palantir sued the Army , alleging it failed to abide by solicitation rules when it excluded the company from the bid to help design the intelligence system. 
The Army asserted Palantir couldn’t sue before the contract was awarded, and didn’t have standing to do so. 
U.S. Court of Federal Claims Judge Marian Blank Horn agreed with Palantir during an open hearing on Monday, according to Bloomberg News. Her written opinion was filed under seal, giving both parties a chance to request redactions. 
Once called “the war on terror’s secret weapon,” Palantir’s software helps users, whether law enforcement officials or businesspeople, understand and track relationships in data. The company’s proprietary algorithms are designed to sift through massive troves of data — whether bank transactions, social media interactions, weather calculations, or crime reports — and spit out conclusions about everything from terrorist cells to car thieves. Post navigation",0
6443,Clinton’s Passive Management Approach Is Further Revealed by Huma Abedin’s Influence, ,0
6444,VW Chief ‘Personally’ Apologized to Obama Over Cheating - The New York Times,"WOLFSBURG, Germany  —   The chief executive of Volkswagen said on Thursday that he personally apologized to President Obama this week for cheating on vehicle emissions tests, speaking up for its work force as the German carmaker negotiates penalties with United States officials. Volkswagen is in talks with American authorities about the fines it must pay for programming engines to cheat on emissions tests. The company said on Thursday that it had set aside 7 billion euros, or $7. 9 billion, for legal costs worldwide, even though in theory it faces fines of $18 billion in the United States alone, plus compensation to owners. Matthias Müller, the chief executive of Volkswagen, had what he described as a   conversation with Mr. Obama during the president’s visit this week to Hanover, not far from Volkswagen headquarters in Wolfsburg. The encounter took place on Sunday at a dinner hosted by Chancellor Angela Merkel for Mr. Obama and representatives of German industry. “I used the opportunity to personally apologize to him for our behavior,” Mr. Müller said during a news conference in Wolfsburg on Thursday. “I thanked him for the constructive cooperation with his officials. Of course I also expressed the hope that I will be able to continue to fulfill my responsibility to 600, 000 employees and their families as well as suppliers and dealers. ” Mr. Müller’s mention of Volkswagen workers and their families may have reflected concern that the punishment the company faces could harm those who had nothing to do with any wrongdoing. Lawyers in the case expect the Environmental Protection Agency and the Justice Department to demand penalties that are painful for Volkswagen, but not so severe that they destroy the company. Thousands of jobs in the United States depend on Volkswagen. The company has a factory in Chattanooga, Tenn. that is preparing to produce a new version of the Tiguan compact S. U. V. as well as an extensive dealer network in the country. Mr. Müller said on Thursday that Mr. Obama appeared receptive to his remarks. The Volkswagen chief said he felt encouraged about a solution that would ensure the company a future in the United States. The White House declined to comment on Mr. Müller’s account of the event. The German carmaker said last week that it had set aside €16. 2 billion to cover costs related to its admission that it had programmed diesel vehicles to evade clean air regulations. On Thursday, it said that within that figure was €7 billion for legal costs, which includes proceedings in other countries, like France or South Korea. Most of the rest of the €16. 2 billion will be used to repair diesel vehicles that are polluting more than allowed, or to buy back ones that cannot be fixed. The €7 billion figure disclosed on Thursday indicates that the company is confident that its legal costs in the United States will be much lower than the maximum. Volkswagen has admitted manipulating software in 11 million cars worldwide, including about 600, 000 in the United States, so that emissions equipment operated at full capacity only when the vehicles were being tested. At other times, the cars polluted much more than allowed. The €7 billion would also cover compensation to the owners of Volkswagen vehicles who have filed   lawsuits. On Thursday, Volkswagen also provided details on the loss it reported last week. The company said it had lost €1. 5 billion worldwide during the year, compared with a profit of €11 billion in 2014. Volkswagen A. G. a subset of Volkswagen Group that includes core operations such as the Volkswagen brand but that excludes the Audi unit as well as some foreign holdings, reported a loss of €5. 5 billion. Though Audi has belonged to Volkswagen since the 1960s, it continues to have a small number of outside shareholders and holds its own annual meeting. Volkswagen, which owns brands including Porsche and Skoda as well as manufacturers of trucks and commercial vehicles, sold 10 million vehicles in 2015, down from 10. 2 million in 2014. Sales rose 5. 4 percent to €213 billion. Company executives said they still saw the United States as a growth market for Volkswagen, despite the enormous damage to the carmaker’s image. “We do see a lot of potential, though of course not in the short term,” Herbert Diess, the executive in charge of Volkswagen brand cars, said during the news conference. “We are starting from zero. ”",0
6445,City Ordinance Prohibits Arresting Illegal Aliens for Immigration Violations,"The city council of Columbus, Ohio, voted on Monday to make it against the law to arrest anyone based on their illegal immigration status. The city also   and made it illegal to deny someone services because they are an illegal alien. City officials deny that Columbus is a “sanctuary city. ”[The Columbus Dispatch reported that the Columbus City Council voted to adopt an executive order issued by Mayor Andrew J. Ginther in early February.  After he signed the executive order, Mayor Ginther told those at a press conference, “To all of you I say, Columbus is your home. ” The mayor’s executive order provided that the city will “actively support, to the greatest extent practicable, the placement or settlement in this jurisdiction of aliens eligible to be admitted to the United States as refugees. ” The room was full of leaders from the city’s refugee and immigrant communities, the local NBC affiliate reported.  The mayor’s order dictates: Although the policy prevents the City or employees from using any city property for detecting or apprehending those illegally in the country, or “the use of local taxpayer resources for the enforcement of federal immigration policy,” city officials do not declare Columbus a “sanctuary city,” reported the Dispatch. “[T]hey don’t want the city a target for President Donald Trump, who has threatened federal funding for cities that adopt the label,” the article written Monday afternoon about the ordinance and city officials reported. The president of the city council, Zach Klein was reported to say that “The permanence of city code transcends every mayor. ” “We decided not to focus on labels and focus more on the substance,” he added. The ordinance will be effective after 30 days. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
6446,Comment on The World’s Largest Pyramid Is Hidden Under A Mountain In Mexico by Settling in and visiting Cholula | Matt in Mexico,"  The ancient Aztec temple in Puebla, Mexico, whose base is four times larger than Giza’s and has nearly twice the volume, is so often overlooked partly because it’s hidden underneath layers of dirt, causing it to appear more like a natural mountain than a place of worship. Even the famed explorer Hernán Cortés totally missed it, obliviously building a church directly on top of it. The Great Pyramid of Cholula, known to the locals as Tlachihualtepetl (man-made mountain), stands around 66 meters (216 feet) tall and 450 meters (1,475 feet) wide. Although archaeologists cannot seem to agree on who built the complex, it is thought to have been constructed at some point around 300 BCE.   As for the story behind the mysterious complex, it goes that the Aztec city of Cholula was infiltrated by Spanish invaders in October 1519, resulting in a mostly burnt and looted city. To symbolize Spanish dominance and the arrival of Christianity, the Spaniards built “Iglesia de Nuestra Señora de los Remediosa,” a Catholic parish church, on top of the city’s biggest “hill.” But underneath that “hill” resided the largest pyramid in the world, likely constructed with adobe , a type of brick made out of baked mud, with six layers built on top of each over many generations. Every time a layer was finished, a new group of works would resume construction. It was this incremental growth that allowed the Great Pyramid of Cholula to become so enormous. It is thought that the ancient Aztecs used the Great Pyramid of Cholula as a place of worship for about 1,000 years before moving to a new, smaller location close by. Keep Evolving Your Consciousness Inspiration and all our best content, straight to your inbox. Prior to being replaced by newer structures, the pyramid was decorated in red, black, and yellow insects , but lack of maintenance allowed the mud bricks to support all kinds of tropical greenery. “It was abandoned sometime in the 7th or 8th Century CE,” explained archaeologist David Carballo . “The Choluteca had a newer pyramid-temple located nearby, which the Spaniards destroyed.” Upon arriving in Cholula in 1519, Cortés and his men killed around 3,000 people in a single hour, and while this took out 10 percent of the entire city’s population, and leveled out many of their religious structures, the precious pyramid remained mistakenly untouched. It’s not known if the Aztecs knew the mud bricks would encourage things to grow all over it, eventually resulting in an entirely buried structure, but nevertheless, this occurrence allowed the pyramid to be salvaged. Appearing more like a hill than anything else, this deception, whether intentional or not, has given us the opportunity to study and celebrate the pyramid today. Not only does the structure hold the title of the world’s largest pyramid, but it’s also the largest monument ever built anywhere on Earth , by any civilization, to this day. The pyramid wasn’t even discovered until the early 1900s as a result of locals starting to build a psychiatric ward close by. And by the 1930s , archaeologists began to uncover it, constructing a series of tunnels stretching 8 kilometres (5 miles) in length to give them access. Now, after more than 2,300 years from initial construction, the site has become a tourist destination. 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
6447,BRICS Do Not Lack Mortar: What Detractors Should Know - Rakesh Krishnan Simha,"Taming the corporate media beast BRICS Do Not Lack Mortar: What Detractors Should Know 
In a world of uncertainties and crumbling western economies, the five-member BRICS group is more – not less – relevant   Russia & India Report 
A lot of people want to see the BRICS fail. Western nations, in particular the United States and Britain, are prime suspects. However, there are plenty of unwitting commentators in the emerging world who are playing into the West’s hands. Each year, as the BRICS summit draws near, the cacophony from these haters grows louder. Questions about the viability and relevance of the BRICS are raised in the media. 
During the build-up to the Goa summit this year, the refrain was similar but with the background buzz that the India-China rift over Pakistan-backed terrorism would derail the summit. However, the predicted outcome of an implosion didn’t materialise and, on the contrary, with India and Russia inking the S-400 missile deal , Goa 2016 turned out to be a memorable event. 
Since many innocent readers may have been misinformed by the compromised commentators – who will certainly be back like a bounced cheque next year – here’s a ready reckoner on the BRICS group. So the next time you hear remarks that the BRICS are collapsing, don’t lose sleep over the issue. 
World needs BRICS 
Most of the global multilateral institutions that exist today are no longer relevant. The IMF and the World Bank, for instance, were founded during the closing years of World War II. In geopolitical time, that’s ancient history. Similarly, the G-7 appears to be on life support and the OECD (Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development) is no longer a leading organisation. 
With the western economies perched on monetary and budgetary cliffs, the five BRICS members provide a stable alternate force that offsets the West’s decline. Both China and India continue to experience high economic growth and are on course to become mega economies that will completely dwarf the West in the coming decades. Beijing’s growth may have fallen under 7 per cent but that’s enough to add the equivalent of Holland’s national income to the Chinese GDP. 
Bottom line: without the BRICS, the world economy will experience 1929 all over again. 
BRICS slowdown, not a meltdown 
Uday Kotak, executive vice-president of Kotak Mahindra Bank, feels India should quit the BRICS coalition because of the slowdown in four of the five economies. His view has been echoed by several so-called experts. But curiously, have you ever heard any economist or banker say the OECD must disband because it has basket cases such as Greece or terror exporters such as Turkey? 
According to the US-based Centre on Global Interests , “You can look at the BRICS from the financial market's point of view, or from a geopolitical point of view. But whichever lens you view it through, what you see is the same: despite economic slowdowns and even economic hardship in some nations, these are far and away the most powerful countries outside of the developed core. Their economies have scale. Their decisions can move financial markets. They have intellectual capital and clout within their regions. And in terms of foreign policy, they are the counterweight to a unipolar world run largely by Washington and its friends in London and Brussels.” 
It adds: “In both of these regards – economics and foreign policy – the BRICS are alive and kicking. In fact, they are more relevant today than they were in November 2001, when Jim O'Neill grouped them into the strange bedfellows that they have become.” 
Bilaterals can’t bring down the BRICS 
If the UN fails to discuss relevant political issues, the international body is considered a failure. But BRICS is not a platform that was created for discussing politics. The primary role of the five-member group is to remove the West’s grip from the levers that control the world economy. By establishing their own New Development Bank, the BRICS have ensured that the IMF is no longer the world’s lender-of-last-resort. 
In this backdrop, fears that bilateral issues involving India and China will wreck summits have consistently proved to be baseless. 
Take Goa 2016. While the Goa Declaration mentions terror, the focus of the summit was not terrorism at all. Sure, Prime Minister Narendra Modi took a shot at Pakistan, describing it as the “mothership of terrorism”, and China defended its ally by saying it had made “great sacrifices”. But both New Delhi and Beijing were merely playing to their respective galleries even as the real summitry was happening behind closed doors. 
To be sure, politics can be tabled if it’s a side dish – like Syria was a couple of years ago – but issues with the potential to derail the summit simply have no place in BRICS. 
Critics of the BRICS often point to the India-China border issue as evidence of serious problems. But this misses the point. There always will be different opinions and views among the BRICS countries – just like there are differences among NATO or European Union members. 
BRICS are not united but it doesn’t matter 
Unlike NATO or the European Union, where the member countries have more or less the same goals and are also of the same racial stock, each of the BRICS countries is different. However, their membership of BRICS gives them a common goal – development. As emerging countries, they are focussed on raising their standards of living. 
The fact that they are united as a group, despite such stark differences in national goals, opinions and geopolitical rivalries and even outright hostilities, points to the viability of the BRICS.",0
6448,WW3 ALERT NATO vs Russia Everyone Else Loses – world war 3 start on 7/11/2016,"November 9, 2016 at 1:35 pm 
i agree with some of what you say but the shit about hitting russia hard? Ukraine wouldn't get within ten feet of russia, they would be wiped out in a day and so would the usa and nato if the come within 100 miles of russia borders. they need to drag russia out. thats why they wont fuck with crimea, that comes under russian territory and within russia umbrella of border area denial defence network. sure they can keep prodding but in july last year Ukrainian dumb cunts got too close.. a two minute salvo from russian artillery wiped out two battalions of vodka guzzling goat fucking neo nazis.. 2 fucking minutes.﻿",0
6449,The Deteriorating Situation in Ethiopia,"Tweet Widget by Yohannes Woldemariam 
The minority ethnic regime in Ethiopia now faces multiple rebellions. The regime’s foreign friends are part of the problem. “Faced with increased intrusion into their lands by so-called international investors, by displacement and by the breakdown of their social fabric, Ethiopians are mobilizing to resist.” The once formidable government coalition “is beginning to unravel.” The Deteriorating Situation in Ethiopia by Yohannes Woldemariam 
This article previously appeared in Pambazuka News . 
“ The revolts are widespread and they appear beyond the power of the state to control and put down.” 
The revolts in Ethiopia have the potential for creating radical, beneficial changes in the political order or instigating complete chaos that crosses its borders and destabilizes the entire fragile Horn of Africa region, for the outcomes of such uprisings have varied considerably from country to country. These protests can be the catalyst for building a new and democratic Ethiopia or end up in tears and disillusionment, as in Libya, South Sudan and many other places in the world. Countries emerging from dictatorships are particularly vulnerable and Ethiopia is certainly under a vicious dictatorship. 
The events in Ethiopia are being described as “Intifada,” “Ethiopian Spring” or as something akin to the Color Revolutions in the Ukraine and Georgia and the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests in China. During the uprising in 2005 protesting the rigged election, the late chief of the Tigrean Peoples’ Liberation Front (TPLF) and Prime Minister, Meles Zenawi, did say that there would not be any more Color Revolutions in Ethiopia. That uprising was put down with hundreds dead and thousands in concentration camps. 
This time, however, the revolts are widespread and they appear beyond the power of the state to control and put down. Apparently, Mr. Zenawi spoke prematurely. Technological innovation is a very important part of this current political mass mobilization, which is why the government has moved with cutting Ethiopia off from the internet and dismantling satellite dishes from the homes of ordinary citizens. Drawing on satellite television, mobile phones and the Internet, the revolts are spreading. Within seconds, activists send their messages against the tyranny. Unsurprisingly, the TPLF oligarchy is extremely fearful of social media websites like Facebook, Twitter and the diaspora media. 
In this piece, I want to reflect on three points: 
1. The celebrity factor: Feyisa Lilesa versus Prime Minister Halemariam Desalegn 
2. Mr. Abay Tsehaye’s reference to Rwanda 
3. The newly declared State of Emergency 
The celebrity factor: Feyisa Lilesa versus Prime Minister Halemariam Desalegn 
In the wake of the Rio Olympics, the profile of the Ethiopian uprising got a boost from Feyisa Lilesa , with his heroic act of crossing his arms on winning the silver medal for marathon, a signature symbol of solidarity of the oppressed Oromo nation to which Feyisa belongs. The influence of the celebrity athlete for social change is formidable, and Feyisa has emerged as a powerful voice for the struggle of his Oromo people, causing nervous shivers in the beleaguered regime. What the death and imprisonment of thousands of Oromos couldn’t accomplish in Ethiopia was achieved by his symbolic act at the finish line. Now the whole world is clued into the terrible conditions in Ethiopia and beginning to learn about the plight of the Oromo people. 
Other Ethiopian athletes have since used their successes to follow suit. Ebsa Ejigu, Tamiru Demissie and Hirut Guangul have used their international successes to publicize the plight of their country’s men and women to an international audience. This trend is likely to continue now as other athletes and celebrities are losing their fear of retaliation and becoming more and more willing to participate in what has become a growing national movement. Yes, these athletes will pay a price. Lilesa is now separated from his wife and children and beckoning an unknown fate. Life in exile will not be easy even for famous athletes. But compared to those losing lives and limbs to bullets in Ethiopia, it is a small price to pay. They are heroes, and their names are already inscribed in history books. 
“These athletes will pay a price.” 
The TPLF reaction to Lilesa’s heroic act can be gleaned from statements given by PM Hailemariam Desalegn. Although the PM is from the Wolayta ethnic group, which was traditionally relegated to the periphery of the Ethiopian mainstream, he has become a willing accomplice and spokesman for the TPLF. Most people regard him as an accidental PM who happened to be in the right place and at the right time when his powerful boss, PM Meles Zenawi, passed away in the summer of 2012. He was handpicked as Zenawi’s deputy because he wasn’t a threat and, as a non-Tigrean, served as a convenient cover and a token representing “diversity” for the TPLF. He is so loyal to the late PM, he still refers to the Meles “vision” in his public pronouncements. Most Ethiopians know that he is just a figurehead with no real power. Yet, in an interview conducted with the online Foreign Policy.com, he is quoted as saying: 
“It’s me who sent [Lilesa] to Rio for the Olympics, and we expected him to come back after winning the medal. . . . [T]his is not the capacity of the man himself. It’s something which has been orchestrated by someone else from outside.” 
It is remarkable that the PM has the audacity to say he sent Feyisa Lilesa to the Olympics, as if Feyisa needed his charitable permission. It is crystal clear that Feyisa earned his place in the Olympics. 
One can readily concede that he may have acquiesced to nepotism by sending to the Olympics the unqualified son of the head of the sports federation, Robel Kiros Habte , who made Ethiopia a laughing stock with his hopeless performance in a swimming race. But no one can doubt that Feyisa went to the Olympics because he was Ethiopia’s best hope for the marathon. And he delivered in no unmistakable terms by winning a silver medal competing with the best and the elites in the world. It is hard to believe that Desalegn referring to Feyisa actually said: “This is not the capacity of the man himself” – thus exposing his own pomposity, shallowness and contempt for the Oromo hero. Clearly, Desalegn has sold his soul to the TPLF devil. To suggest that Feyisa cannot think for himself and act on his own is inexcusably ignorant and arrogant and unbecoming of a prime minster. 
“Desalegn is a sellout with little dignity, reading and parroting whatever script is given to him by the TPLF.” 
Feyisa is not only a fine athlete; he is also a dignified, proud, principled and articulate Oromo and Ethiopian, as he amply demonstrated during the press conference in the Washington D.C. rally where Congressman Chris Smith also spoke. Also, in a direct reply to the PM’s insult, Feyisa quipped: 
“I was not surprised by his comments because individuals who are always controlled by others tend to assume everyone is that way as well. . . . Unlike the prime minister, I make my own decisions and speak for myself.” 
Indeed, Desalegn is a sellout with little dignity, reading and parroting whatever script is given to him by the TPLF. The pretentious PM has replaced the real world with a make-believe virtual world. It is for this reason that he is unable to see realities on the ground; he is temporarily sheltered behind a wall whose mortar is sychophantic servitude and a wicked willingness to say and do anything to appease his TPLF benefactors. 
It is beyond regrettable that Desalegn is unable to see the rapid downside toward further chaos and civil war in Ethiopia that is due to the abject misery and oppression suffered by the people who are subjected to the policies of those he is serving and to whom he has sold his soul. He calls himself a born-again Christian with a straight face. How would Jesus himself, who stood up to the hypocritical Pharisees and threw the money-changers out of the temple in Jerusalem, have regarded a man like Desalegn, who is in bed with the TPLF elites who are the modern day equivalent of the Pharisees in Ethiopia and whose words and actions rarely match? The human suffering that is the result of the violent and continuous repression cannot be seen from inside their ideological castles resting on the thin air of empty rhetoric and shameless self-promotion. 
Desalegn would be well advised to keep his mouth closed to spare himself more disgrace. He has already sunk into the deep end of an abyss. It is depressing to see a human being selling out his people and becoming a slave of oppressors. 
Invoking the specter of Rwanda 
The TPLF ideologue and one of the real powers behind the throne, Mr. Abay Tsehaye, in an interview with the pro-government Radio Fana, compared the situation of Rwanda in the early 90s to the current situation in Ethiopia. He correctly stated that Rwanda was comprised of only two ethnic groups (the Hutu and the Tutsi), really not much of a country, and was on the verge of disintegration. He went on to say that reconciliation occurred and the country recovered. In Ethiopia with over eighty ethnic groups, if the situation goes “out of control,” he concluded, Ethiopia will cease to exist as a country. Every thoughtful person worries about this. However, one can reasonably surmise from his analysis that Ethiopia under the control of his Tigray-dominated government, who make up only six percent of the Ethiopian population, is his guarantee for holding the country together. Mr. Tsehaye fails to recognize the draconian hegemonic policies of his regime as the very reasons for the grim state of affairs in the country. As the Ethiopian uprising makes clear, the various ethnicities are no longer buying TPLF shenanigans and see the TPLF itself as the main cause of Ethiopia’s predicament, as the country descends into possible civil war. 
For anyone willing to see the truth, Ethiopia is in a state of turmoil due to the exploitation of the long-suffering people of Oromia, Ogaden, Gambella and other ethnic groups by the TPLF elite in partnership with international enablers such as China and the United States, the principal rivals in Africa and the Horn region. The TPLF exploitation, in which valuable resources and political roles are dominated by a minority elite that has transformed itself into an oligarchy, has created highly rebellious resentment by the victims while reinforcing a sense of ethnic identity and consciousness. Faced with increased intrusion into their lands by so-called international investors, by the displacement and stunted developments they experience and by the breakdown of their social fabric, Ethiopians are mobilizing to resist. 
“The various see the TPLF itself as the main cause of Ethiopia’s predicament, as the country descends into possible civil war.” 
The government’s state-driven development projects financed by international investors and partners bypass the rural peasants and pastoralists, alienating the people and reinforcing the politics of deep ethnic hierarchy. Recent events have made it clear that TPLF’s “constitutional federalism” has more to do with its divide-and-rule strategy and its elitist allocation of national resources, comparable to actions of the former Soviet Communist Party, which retained tight control over its regions through local parties. The TPLF set up People’s Democratic Organizations, local versions of the ruling party, which squeezed out traditional authority. 
The co-opted ethnic leaders from these regions have either completely lost credibility, are sitting on the fence, or are jumping ship to support the resistance. Key former government figures like Junedin Sado are breaking their silence and speaking out with scathing attacks on the regime. He has apologized to the Ethiopian people for the time that he served under the regime. The so- called coalition that the TPLF built is beginning to unravel. Some Amhara and some Oromo are coming together against the TPLF, overcoming but not necessarily forgetting, the legacy of the historic oppression by Amhara elites which began with Menelik II. 
Abay Tsehaye and TPLF leaders will need to face reality — if they have it in them to be truly concerned about Ethiopian unity. Oromo historical grievances are not myths, as some revisionist history asserts. Oromo land is the most fertile and lush in Ethiopia, in contrast to the northern Ethiopian highlands with its rugged mountains and thin soils contributing relatively little to national economic production, but the Oromo have been alienated from control over their land throughout the 20th century first by the Amhara and now by the new TPLF overlords. 
Acutely divided societies in which no single faction can impose its view might find an ability to arrive at political compromises in a constitutional form. But in Ethiopia, the hegemonic Amhara and now the Tigreans have excluded others from real power-sharing making true constitutionalism elusive. The leaders see the state as a prize to be won, a basis for private accumulation and patronage. But there is not enough patronage to go around, and those excluded from it mobilize their co-religionists and ethnic groups in an increasingly unmanageable opposition. 
The State of Emergency 
In response, the TPLF is relying on intensified repression by security forces, ethnic loyalists and the army. And for the first time in twenty-five years, the regime has declared a State of Emergency , clearly showing how rattled it is by the rebellion in the country. The Prime Minster announced : 
“The cause of this (state of emergency) is that anti-peace forces in collaboration with foreign enemies of the country are making organized attempts to destabilize our country, to disrupt its peace and also to undermine the existence and security of its peoples.” 
This response undoubtedly means more sticks and further erosion of civil liberties in the country but is unlikely to quell the unrest. One of the targets of the State of Emergency is the Internet and Social Media. PM Desalegn did make it a point to rant against diaspora media and the Internet during his appearance in September at the United Nations General Assembly: 
“In fact, we are seeing how misinformation could easily go viral via social media and mislead many people, especially the youth…Social media has certainly empowered populists and other extremists to exploit people’s genuine concerns and spread their message of hate and bigotry without any inhibition...it is critical to underline one matter which is usually given short shrift, both by the media and others. It is simply hypocritical to deny that some of our countries have been targets for destabilization activities carried out with no accountability by people and groups who have been given shelters by States with whom we have absolutely no problems.” 
The regime that Desalegn serves is responsible for suffocating the Ethiopian people by denying them any alternative media. The Ethiopian government is one of the top jailers and harassers of anyone daring to publish or practice independent journalism within the country. Now, Desalegn is shedding his crocodile tears about his inability to control and suppress social media and broadcasting emanating from the diaspora. While he has a point about the inherent potential for the abuse of social media, the regime is responsible for bringing criticisms on itself. In the absence of media freedom in the country, social media and broadcasting from the diaspora acquired enormous significance for Ethiopians hungry for information. It is clear that Ethiopians no longer trust the regime and have little confidence in official government news, which in reality is mostly propaganda. 
“The Ethiopian government is one of the top jailers and harassers of anyone daring to publish or practice independent journalism.” 
Authoritarian regimes adopt various forms of censorship to depoliticize the population and prevent the questioning of their legitimacy. By definition, authoritarian regimes demand strict submission by the media to their political authority. They do so by publishing or broadcasting deceptions in order to maintain their power structures. For example, the regime’s media censored Feyisa’s symbolic gesture in Rio while proclaiming that Feyisa is a national hero and welcome to return home, without any consequences. 
The advent of the Internet has somewhat leveled the playing field by empowering regular Internet users to become content producers by utilizing decentralized and distributed networks such as social media. These uses of media pose a great danger to dictatorial regimes, which are moving to subvert, block social media and limit internet use, as in Ethiopia today. 
China is the leading culprit in creating the technology to enable censorship, which it is sharing with the Ethiopian government. This suppression of the media will not succeed. Freedom-loving people find ways to circumvent these barriers and make determined efforts to stay informed – and, in turn, to inform the whole world. Yohannes Woldemariam is an educator and author. This article previously appeared on the Huffington Post’s Contributor platform. [2]",0
6450,How to BREAK THE CYCLE of human complacency and servitude,"

New video: How to BREAK THE CYCLE of human complacency and servitude 
by Mike Adams , the Health Ranger

(NaturalNews) It’s time to break the cycle of complacency and servitude so that we can move humanity forward. We must move past the age of centralized government corruption and control. We must take responsibility for our lives and the repercussions of our actions. It’s time for humanity to end the age of servitude and proclaim our independence from all the systems of manipulation, deceit and control that try to dominate our minds (the media, the government, false science, false social narratives, etc).
In my newest documentary-style video, I reveal how we can all break the cycle of human complacency and servitude by raising our self-awareness about all the ways we are being systematically manipulated or deceived.
From the video: “One of the hardest things in the world is to introduce someone to the real world they’ve never seen. Because they’ve never lived in it. They’ve lived in a fictional construct inside their own head. They’ve been swimming in fictional delusions and belief systems and cultural narratives that simply aren’t true. And yet they think that’s reality.”
Learn how to question your beliefs, question your senses and preempt the social engineering mechanisms that have turned your brain into a puppet of the corrupt establishment.
SHARE EVERYWHERE.

To learn more, click here 
 
",0
6451,Bill Cunningham Looked for Subjects. And They Looked for Him. - The New York Times,"Bill Cunningham worked as discreetly as he could. “My whole thing is to be invisible,” he wrote in 2002. “You get more natural pictures that way, too. ” But while he looked for subjects, his subjects also looked for him. After his death on Saturday at age 87, we asked New York Times readers to share their sightings  —   and personal photos  —   of Mr. Cunningham on the streets of New York City and beyond. The responses have been edited for clarity and length. Tara Shannon in Pasadena, Calif.  For a model on the runway, he was always on the right side of the runway. For a model doing   he was on Seventh Avenue after the shows to catch us girls in groups, and the society women. We all knew that he liked it best if you didn’t look at him and the camera, and we would all give him his shot. And then we would always break down and call out to him, “Hi, Bill!” and he would answer back, “Hi, kids. ” My heart has held him from the very first time we smiled at each other through the lens of a camera. He was our muse as much as we were his. Beth Williams in Palo Alto, Calif. After I saw the movie about him, I wrote him a letter imploring him to wear a helmet, on the grounds that he was a national treasure who could not be replaced. A few months passed, and I received a postcard from him, dated Jan. 10, 2012. “Dear Dr. Williams. ..Thank you for your thoughtful note 30 Oct and offer of a bike helmet, I have two and realize its safety importance. Thank you for reminding me of their safety. Sorry to be so late in writing . .. now I [have] time to thank you. Best wishes for the New Year, Bill Cunningham. ” The postcard was from the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston, and I imagined him thinking of me while on vacation there! Obviously, I framed his card. I was very moved by his taking the time to respond to my letter. Rados Protic in Barcelona, Spain Bill Cunningham helped me get my green card. Over the years, Bill had taken a lot of pictures of me  —   some were published in The New York Times, some were not. When I was working as an executive at the Estée Lauder Companies in the ‘90s and in the process of getting my green card, under the category, ‘person with exceptional ability,’ my lawyer suggested I get as many recommendation letters from famous and influential people as possible. I contacted Bill, who had just taken a picture of me in a winter coat with a lavish fur collar. He graciously agreed to send me a letter. Some time later I received the photo with a handwritten, wonderful note on the back of the picture. My lawyer submitted it along with letters from other notable figures. A couple of months later I received my green card. I still can hear Bill’s voice: “Child, what a marvelous coat. ” Judith Rice in New York  I was producing a men’s wear show for Donna Karan around 1992. It was a   presentation, and we needed props so that the models could be engaged while standing. My dear friends recently had a baby, and I asked Donna if she wanted a baby for the show. Her enthusiastic response was, “Yes! Can you get one?” Well, we put baby Kate into a model’s arms, and it was instant love. Of course, Bill got the shot and sent me two copies, one for Kate signed, “To little Kate, who for a few minutes made Seventh Avenue a big, happy family. ” Twenty years later, I reintroduced Kate to Bill at a runway show she was then majoring in photography. He was awestruck that she was actually studying photography. “Oh, you’re a real professional. I’m just a guy who figured out how to do it along the way. ” They then spoke quietly alone, words I’ll never know, but Kate will have them forever, as we will forever have Bill in our hearts. Jeff Nash in Edmonton, Alberta My only encounter with Bill Cunningham capturing street fashion was unique because at the time I had no idea who he was. Something drew my eye to him, and I remember thinking to myself it must be a cool life to be in your 80s and bike around New York photographing the city. I immediately thought this must be a really fulfilling way to spend your retirement! I took some photos of him because he just stood out so much to me. I remember him being shy, and he would reposition himself when he spotted me trying to take a photo of him. He probably thought I was taking photos of “The Bill Cunningham,” but in reality I was just doing what he was famous for: capturing candid photos of interesting people. It wasn’t until a friend saw my photos on Instagram and educated me as to who this man was. After that, I read up on his legacy and watched the documentary about his life and learned what an interesting man he was. Kevin Chan in New York He’s one of my inspirations as a photographer. Funny story of when I met him in October 2013 at the Central Park fall pumpkin festival. A group of tourists asked him if he would take a picture of them, not knowing who he was, but just a guy with a camera who looked like he knew how to take a photo. I asked the tourists if they knew who took their photo  —   one of the most legendary photographers in the world. I’m sure they’ll be cherishing that photo now. Regan Stephens in New York  Last summer I took my     daughter to the Ralph Lauren children’s show at Central Park Zoo. I snapped a quick photo while he was working hard to capture all the impeccably dressed tots and their parents. I promised her some candy if she stayed still, and you can see from the look on her face she didn’t realize she was in the presence of one of the greats. Matthew Allen in New York  I saw him while I was photographing the 2015 Armory art show as an avid hobbyist. His ability to place himself perfectly, at the right moment, was instructive, to say the least. At one point, he and I momentarily crossed photographic paths in front of a mirror. He nodded in my direction when we brought our cameras down, and that nod told me that after all those years, he still had fun taking pictures. Kashish Das Shrestha in New York  As a documentary photographer from Nepal working New York Fashion Week, I always thought it was a thrill to be taking photos and to turn and realize that I was briefly sharing this city, and its streets and runways, with an icon like Bill Cunningham, who it seemed would have preferred not to be noticed at all. Karen Stevenson in Berkeley, Calif. I’d followed Bill Cunningham’s photo essays for years, and was excited to see him snapping photos at the Metropolitan Opera’s 2015 New Year’s Eve gala. I had on a new dress, and secretly hoped he’d think I looked as elegant as I thought I did and take my picture. Eventually he did look in my direction, checked out my outfit and turned away. Snubbed by Bill Cunningham! My bruised pride notwithstanding, I remained a devoted fan. A. B. Rashish in Brooklyn When I was 19, I had a weekend job at a very chic clothing store in SoHo. This was in the 1980s. I would wear the store’s clothes when I worked there. One Saturday, I took a break and was walking over to Donald Sacks for coffee. I spotted Bill Cunningham, crouched low at the corner as I made my way down the block in an olive green gabardine suit with a   fur collar. I tried to play it cool, but I couldn’t help cracking a smile as he snapped my picture. When he stopped shooting, he smiled right back. Lynnette Blanche in New York I once spotted him in Central Park. Despite seeing him zip around the city all the time, I never bothered him. This time, I had to get a picture. I begged him for a selfie. He was quick to decline and let me know he hated them! But, being the polite man that he was, he graciously allowed me to take his picture. He gave me one shot. I wish it was better, but I’m so glad I have it. He had the best smile.",0
6452,IMDb Adds Special Rating System for ’Feminist’ Films,"The Internet Movie Database (IMDb) is adding an “ ” for any film that features a female director, a female writer, sees “significant women on screen in their own right,” or passes the Bechdel test. [“The   is a great way to highlight women on screen and behind the camera,” IMDb founder and CEO Col Needham said.  The feminist rating system was first introduced by Bath Film Festival director Holly Tarquini in 2014 and has since been used by more than 40 cinemas and festivals across the United Kingdom, according to The Independent.  “The   is intended to make people talk about the representation of women on and off screen,” Tarquini said. If a film doesn’t feature a female director or writer, it can earn the special “F” designation by passing the   “Bechdel Test. ” To pass the test  —   first established in 1985 by comics writer Alison Bechdel  —   a film must feature two female characters who converse with each other about something other than a man. The new rating has been attached to worldwide blockbusters, including Kung Fu Panda 2 and The Girl on the Train, as well as older favorites like Freaky Friday, Animal Farm and Gentlemen Prefer Blondes. To date, about 21, 800 films on IMDB have the “F” rating tag. “It’s exciting when new organizations decide to join us in shining a light both on the brilliant work women are doing in film and on how far the film industry lags behind most other industries, when it comes to providing equal opportunities to women,” Tarquini said. “But our real goal is to reach the stage when the   is redundant because 50% of the stories we see on screen are told by and about film’s unfairly   half of the population  —   women. ” IMDB sees about a quarter billion page views every month. The popular film website is currently fighting a California law which requires it to agree to individual requests to remove the ages of  directors, producers, actors, and writers on the site.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
6453,Government asks what else it was meant to do with a f**king stadium,"Government asks what else it was meant to do with a f**king stadium 03-11-16 
THE government has asked critics of the Olympic stadium deal with West Ham what they would have done with a f**king 80,000-seat stadium. 
Sports minister Tracey Crouch said: “Yes, recouping £15 million of the £323 million conversion cost is a bit shit. We’re aware. We have calculators. 
“But I fear that West Ham had us rather over a barrel on this one because it’s not like we could sell it as a call centre or a massive open-air TK Maxx. 
“And other football teams, for example Liverpool, Fleetwood Town and fucking Ross fucking County FC found the north London location rather inconvenient for them. 
“Perhaps we should have left it as a habitat for the grey heron, maybe they could have scraped together £500 million from selling their eggs or something.” 
Share:",0
6454,43-Year-Old Can’t Get Over The Amount Of Kids In Local Night Club,"We Use Cookies: Our policy [X] 43-Year-Old Can’t Get Over The Amount Of Kids In Local Night Club October 26, 2016 - BREAKING NEWS , LIFESTYLE Share 0 Add Comment 
A COUNTY Waterford man is currently undergoing psychiatric treatment today after he was unable to get over the amount of ‘kids’ in a local night club last night. 
Michael Roache, 43, is said to be suffering from a rare form of temporary psychosis, which forces him to repeat himself continually for its duration. 
“It started after he arrived home last night,” wife Deirdre Roache recalls, “I thought nothing of it until this morning, when I found him staring at the ceiling in bed, murmuring the same thing over and over again: ‘I can’t get over the amount of kids in here'”. 
Worried, the mother of children immediately called her local care doctor, who in turn referred him to a psychiatric unit for further testing. 
It is understood the self-employed man was overwhelmed when he entered the popular nightclub in the city centre, triggering something in his head and sending him into a loop. 
“He kept saying over and over again that he couldn’t get over the amount of kids in the place,” friend Dermot Ryan told WWN, who is also way too old for night clubs, “We just went in for a late drink because we were working late. It’ll be the last time I go into that fucking place. I felt so old”. 
Mr. Roache is currently being treated for verbal looping at the psychiatric unit, and doctors have suggested temporarily moving him to an old folks home in a bid to ‘snap him out of it’. 
“This kind of thing is common in the over 35’s,” Dr. Kevin Maher explained, “Hopefully an hour or two in the old folks home will neutralize his psychosis. He should have known better going to a nightclub at his age, though”.",0
6455,Perdue Aims to Make Chickens Happier and More Comfortable - The New York Times,"SEAFORD, Del.  —   Sunlight floods the floor at one end of the chicken house here at    Acres, and spry little Cornish game hens flap their wings and chase one another. At the other end of the barn, where the windows are covered as part of a    demonstration, the flock is largely somnolent and slow to move. “This is my second flock with the sunlight,” said Karen Speake, whose family has raised chickens on this farm for Perdue Foods, the nation’s   poultry producer, for almost four decades. “They’re much happier birds, I can tell you, more active, more playful. ” Over the next several years, all of Perdue’s chickens  —   676 million last year  —   will bask in sunlight, part of an ambitious overhaul of the company’s animal welfare practices, which it will announce on Monday. The commitment will hold Perdue to standards similar to those in Europe, which the American poultry industry has long dismissed as antiquated, inefficient and costly. In addition to installing windows, the company plans to give its chickens more space in barns. It may tinker with breeding to decrease the speed at which birds grow or to reduce their breast size, steps that could decrease the number and severity of leg injuries, an issue that has brought unwanted attention to the company. Also, Perdue will put its chickens to sleep before slaughter, a step taken several years ago by Bell  Evans, a smaller poultry company. “We are going to go beyond what a chicken needs and give chickens what they want,” said Jim Perdue, whose grandfather founded the business in 1920. The industry has long argued that such standards would raise costs to producers that would eventually be passed on to consumers. But Perdue, which had $6 billion in sales last year and increased production more than 9 percent, is betting such concerns are overblown based on its experience so far. The move may also have a sweeping impact on the industry, forcing competitors to adopt similar practices. When Perdue announced that it intended to use no antibiotics, many of its competitors followed suit at the demand of their big customers. “It will change the way we do business in so many ways,” Mr. Perdue said. Numerous surveys conducted by the dairy and meat industries suggest that people care and want to know about animal welfare. For that reason, Mr. Perdue said, the company plans to issue annual reports on its progress on the new standards. “We want to be held accountable,” he said. “If we mess up, we have to be prepared to say we messed up. ” In late 2014, Compassion in World Farming, an animal rights group, released video taken at a barn under contract to Perdue that showed birds with raw, red chests from sitting too long on litter laden with ammonia and feces. A few months earlier, Perdue agreed to stop using the phrase “humanely raised” on packages of its Harvestland brand of chicken to settle a lawsuit brought by the Humane Society of the United States. Still, in an interview a year ago, Mr. Perdue was unapologetic, emphasizing that the Department of Agriculture had signed off on Perdue’s animal welfare standards. So Leah Garces, director of Compassion’s American arm, was surprised this winter when Perdue invited her to talk about animal welfare with Bruce   its senior vice president for food safety, quality and live operations. “When you sit down at the table with someone like Bruce, who’s repping a large chicken company, you think you can’t possibly have anything in common,” Ms. Garces said. “Then you start talking, and you realize that you have more in common than you thought. ” She said that while Tyson Foods, the country’s largest poultry producer, asked its farmers to adopt what are known as the five freedoms of animal welfare  —   including freedom from discomfort and freedom from fear and distress  —   Perdue is going further by insisting that its farmers enforce them. “Perdue is going well beyond what Tyson has done, and no other big poultry producer has come close to those two,” Ms. Garces said. Over the last decade or so, Perdue has done more than any other major American poultry producer to eliminate antibiotics of all kinds from its procedures. That made it impossible to continue raising so many birds in as tight spaces and under conditions many people consider unsanitary. Tyson and Pilgrim’s Pride, the   chicken producer in the world, are also reducing their use of antibiotics. The purchase in 2011 of Coleman Natural Foods, a producer of organic meats, as well as the acquisition last year of Niman Ranch, a   producer of pork and beef, also helped persuade Mr. Perdue that his company, now the largest producer of organic chicken, could improve animal welfare without hurting business. “As a major chicken producer, you think there’s going to be a lot more problems growing an organic chicken, but then you find out that there are a lot of benefits to raising chickens that way that can be applied to raising chicken more conventionally,” he said. Mr. Perdue traveled around the country over the last three weeks, talking with the company’s 2, 200 farmers about the new animal welfare program. Farmers will no longer be compensated solely for efficiency rather, Perdue will reward them for ensuring better welfare for the birds they tend. Perdue is also paying to install windows in barns, and it may help offset the costs of adding the avian equivalent of playground equipment  —   things like inclined slats for perching, haystacks for pecking and hiding places where chickens lower down in the pecking order can get away from bullies. “We’re learning things from them about animal welfare,” Mr. Perdue said. “Our relationships with them are absolutely critical to make this work. ” The company is already considering an innovation by Ms. Speake’s father, Elmer Atkins, who found the boards that Perdue supplied to draw across the windows in their barn too cumbersome. “So he slept on it,” Ms. Speake said. The next day, they bought vinyl and rods and hung curtains.",0
6456,"After Years of War, Celebrities Find a Syrian Group to Back - The New York Times","The complex and brutal conflict in Syria has defied the best efforts of peace negotiators and humanitarian officials for more than five years, but a new group of luminaries is weighing in on a war that has cost hundreds of thousands of lives: celebrities. More than two dozen actors, singers and other prominent people have signed a petition urging the Nobel Prize committee to award its 2016 Peace Prize to a group of volunteer rescue workers toiling in cities across the   country. The move draws attention to both the horror of the conflict and the growing willingness of   Americans to adopt it as a cause célèbre. The White Helmets, also known as the Syria Civil Defense, are a group of volunteer emergency workers who rush to the scene of airstrikes in civilian areas of cities like Aleppo, which was once the country’s largest but is now divided between rebel groups and the regime of President Bashar  . His central government has rained bombs on citizens for years, and the White Helmets say they have pulled more than 60, 000 people alive from the rubble. The petition may have no impact on who gets the Nobel Peace Prize, which will be awarded on Oct. 7. But its organizer, an advocacy group called the Syria Campaign, said it was hopeful that the celebrities’ endorsement of the rescue workers, as well as an upcoming Netflix documentary about them, were signals of growing concern for the plight of Syrian civilians, who they say have often been overshadowed in the West by concerns about refugees and the Islamic State. Raed Saleh, the leader of the White Helmets, said in a statement that it was a “huge morale boost”to see increased international support for their work, especially from people they recognized from the movies. The signatories include George Clooney, Ben Affleck, Daniel Craig, Justin Timberlake, Aziz Ansari and Zoe Saldana. “For international stars to stand next to the White Helmets’ humanitarian cause gives a morale boost for all people doing this work,” Mr. Saleh said. ”We deeply appreciate this support and remain determined to rescue as many souls as possible and create the opportunity for peace. This is our mission. ” Syria is far from the first conflict to attract celebrity attention, and stars like Angelina Jolie and Mr. Affleck have devoted considerable time to touring war zones and raising money for relief efforts. So why has it taken more than five years for celebrities to adopt Syria as a cause? One reason may be the complicated nature of the conflict, which has involved hundreds of rebel groups, including some linked to Al Qaeda, and has set the stage for the rise of the Islamic State, analysts said. It has confounded policy makers, so movie stars and pop singers can hardly be expected to have done any better. “For years people have been confused by the perceived complexity of the Syria conflict and have continually asked, ‘Who are the good guys?’ ” said Anna Nolan, the director of the Syria Campaign. The announcement that Netflix would produce a documentary about the White Helmets, and the drive to award them the Nobel Peace Prize, answered that question for public figures who wanted to get involved. “The White Helmets are probably one of the most inspiring stories that has come out of the Syrian conflict, so it is a very easy group to endorse and stand behind because they are real life heroes on the ground,” said Lina Sergie Attar, a writer who founded a humanitarian organization that works with refugees on the   border. Celebrity activism has sometimes been controversial, but Ms. Attar said she was glad to see famous people support a local organization addressing “the heart of the problem. ” “We’ve seen celebrities go to refugee camps, but I’ve always watched that and thought they were engaging with refugees as if they’re divorced from the political and military circumstances that created the refugee crisis itself,” said Ms. Attar. ”That was very frustrating to watch. ” Kassem Eid is a Syrian asylum seeker in Germany who spent two years touring the United States with the   Council campaigning for the United States to act against the Assad regime. The experience left him deeply cynical about American policy makers. But he said he believed in the work of the White Helmets, and thought that actors, writers and singers could perhaps do some good. “I have more faith in the devil than in politicians,” he said. “But movie stars and celebrities don’t have elections to win, so they can say whatever they want or whatever they believe is right. ”",0
6457,Congolese Militia Beheads Dozens of Police Officers - The New York Times,"KINSHASA, Democratic Republic of Congo  —   Members of a militia ambushed and then beheaded about 40 police officers on Friday in a central province of the Democratic Republic of Congo, officials said on Saturday. In recent months, the provinces in the Kasai region, in   Congo, have been the scene of fighting between the police and a local tribal militia called Kamuina Nsapu. Violence in the area has claimed more than 300 lives since August and displaced more than 200, 000 people. Military authorities reported on Friday that they had lost contact with a police convoy from the capital, Kinshasa, that was making its way toward Kananga, southeast of the capital. François Kalamba, the speaker of the Kasai provincial assembly, confirmed on Saturday that the convoy had been ambushed by Kamuina Nsapu fighters between the city of Tshikapa and Kananga, and that about 40 officers had been decapitated. The central region of the country is particularly volatile because of an insurgency, with frequent clashes between militia fighters and the military and security forces, despite the presence of United Nations peacekeepers. Civilians are often caught up in the violence. Last week, the Congolese military’s auditor general announced that seven officers had been arrested and charged with war crimes after a video surfaced last month depicting soldiers shooting a group of civilians in   Province, a massacre that left at least 13 dead. At least five other videos that appear to show members of Congo’s military shooting civilians are now also circulating on social networking platforms. Amid the mounting accusations of violence against civilians, and the discovery of 10 mass graves dug in January and February in   the chief of the United Nations peacekeeping mission in Congo urged the United Nations Security Council this week to press the government to open an investigation into possible human rights violations. Some elected leaders and human rights advocates in Congo have called for an independent international inquiry. This month, two United Nations officials  —   an American and a Swede  —   were among six people abducted in the   Province by unknown assailants. Some insurgents, however, are reportedly surrendering to the authorities. Justin Milongo, the deputy governor of   Province, said on Saturday that 400 Kamuina Nsapu militia fighters had “laid down their arms” in Kananga and were being detained.",0
6458,E.U. Plans Big Increase in Military Spending - The New York Times,"BRUSSELS  —   European Union officials announced plans for a big increase in military spending on Wednesday, pledging to take greater responsibility for their security at a time when the United States appears to be taking a step back in its role in the world. The bloc’s top officials proposed spending 5. 5 billion euros, or $5. 8 billion, a year to help governments acquire hardware, including helicopters and drones, and to develop military technology. Wary of concerns about consolidation of power in Brussels as member governments are under pressure from populist forces, officials stressed that the plan was in no way a step toward creating a European Union army. Member countries would own the hardware that was purchased, and much of the money would go to European companies. But the proposal, known as the European Defense Action Plan, follows calls by Donald J. Trump, the United States   for members of NATO to devote 2 percent of their gross domestic product to military spending. (Of the 28 nations in the European Union, 22 are also part of NATO.) “If Europe does not take care of its own security, nobody else will do it for us,” said   Juncker, the president of the European Commission, the executive arm of the European Union. “A strong, competitive and innovative defense industrial base is what will give us strategic autonomy. ” Total military spending by European Union governments was about €200 billion last year, but the union does not currently have a budget for military research or procurement. The plan foresees a pilot phase of €90 million, or $95 million, up to 2020  —   and €500 million, or $528 million, a year after that  —   for research into technologies like drones and for cybersecurity tools. A second plank of the plan foresees spending 10 times that amount to help governments develop and buy hardware. But rather than drawing on the shared European Union budget, member states would make individual contributions, and some of the money might come from   bonds. Obama administration officials welcomed the increased spending. “It is no secret that we’ve been asking them to do this for years,” said one senior administration official, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss alliance relations. But the official also said it was imperative that Mr. Trump reassured allies that his administration’s commitment to collective defense of NATO allies would be solid. During his presidential campaign, Mr. Trump questioned whether the United States would automatically defend NATO allies if they were attacked, and said American support would depend on the willingness of those countries to pay their fair share for military protection. But since then, a number of Republican lawmakers and foreign policy experts  —   including those in close contact with Mr. Trump since he won the election  —   have insisted that the American commitment to NATO will remain strong. European Union leaders will discuss the proposal at a summit meeting in December. The member governments still must approve it, and that could be a lengthy process given concerns about sovereignty. Politicians in countries like Lithuania and Poland, for example, might question whether the additional spending might be better devoted to bolstering NATO as a resurgent Russia is raising alarms in much of Central and Eastern Europe. Britain could be an obstacle, too. It has long stood in the way of deeper European military cooperation, which London fears could undermine NATO. British voters decided in a June referendum to leave the European Union, but the lengthy process of exiting the bloc has not yet legally begun. European officials “know that it will not be easy” to carry out the plans, Elzbieta Bienkowska, the European Union commissioner for the internal market and industry, said on Wednesday. Federica Mogherini, the union’s foreign policy chief, said the plans did not amount to competition with NATO. Agreeing to the spending could help European countries get over a “Trump hump” created by the  ’s demands, said Nick Witney, a senior policy fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations. “This spending is very   and even money from the European budget is a fair basis for a country to claim it’s chipping more into defense,” said Mr. Witney, a former chief executive of the European Defense Agency, a forum for European Union member states to cooperate on defense initiatives. “On the other hand, the commitment to spending 2 percent on defense is meant to be about the long haul, and about genuinely readjusting national budget priorities, and I don’t see this plan as moving European NATO members much closer to that goal,” he said, adding that much of the plan was based on debt financing. Jyrki Katainen, a vice president of the European Commission, said the timing of the plan had “nothing to do with American elections” since it had been in the works since 2014. A longstanding goal was to avoid duplication of effort in military procurement, which is mostly done on a national basis, and to improve the compatibility of the various military hardware that European countries acquire, he said. One example of inefficiency in European defense was the development of the Airbus A400M military aircraft, European officials said. If the proposed plan is adopted, problems that include defining where to place doors for paratroopers  —   which had contributed to the development of the aircraft taking about a decade longer than necessary  —   could be more easily resolved, they said. The officials said more military spending could have a positive effect on the sluggish European economy. “Boosting defense RD in Europe is crucial to maintain critical competences and technologies! Thumbs up,” Dirk Hoke, the chief executive for Airbus Defense and Space, wrote on  Twitter.",0
6459,"Liberal MSNBC’s Chris Matthews Makes Unbelievable Speech, MUST WATCH!","0 comments 
In case you didn’t already know the glaringly obvious, MSNBC is widely considered to be one of the most liberal cable news channels of all the mainstream media. Now, in a stunning segment on his show, MSNBC host Chris Matthews basically endorses Donald Trump. Hillary must be feeling pretty crappy about herself because this latest scandal appears to have been pushed Matthews onto the Trump train. A liberal. That’s sad Hillary. 
Matthews reviews a string of Obama’s failures, then goes on to say that if you like them, vote for Hillary. If you want to change those failures, the only option is to vote for Trump. This is HUGE! 
You know you are on the losing end when staunch Democrats even hate you. 
He even stated that we have the chance to change the status quo unless we’ve become too “dainty” to do that. I seriously can’t believe I heard that from Chris Matthews on MSNBC! Related Items",0
6460,"Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State","Royal Families of Belgium and Netherlands SCOTUS (Supreme Court of the United States) So much of this story revolves around Mehran T. Keshe, whose plasma related defense technologies, threaten the military balance of power, disabling American stealth drones and even leaving an AEGIS destroyer floating, dead in the water, in the Black Sea. Anti-Keshe “troll” and convicted pedophile Sterling Allen, former Rense Radio host, now serving a life sentence, is said to have supplied the encryption keys that allowed the FBI to take over the Netherlands based site. From NBC: “The website operated from a server based in the Netherlands and, at its height, boasted up to 70,000 members worldwide,” it added. “It attempted to operate as a ‘discussion–only’ forum where people could share their sexual interest in young boys without committing any specific offences, thus operating ‘below the radar’ of police attention,” Europol said. Police infiltrated site The Europol statement said U.K. and Australian police infiltrated the site to identify the members who posed the greatest danger to children. Police also sometimes posed as children online as part of the investigation. Law enforcement authorities from 13 countries, including the United States, Australia, Canada, Italy, Spain and the U.K., were involved in the case, Europol said. The statement said Europol analysts had cracked the security features of a key computer server at the center of the network which uncovered the identities of suspected child sex offenders. And, after his arrest, the forum’s Dutch administrator helped police break encryption measures that shielded users’ identities, allowing police to begin their covert investigations. “Europol subsequently issued over 4,000 intelligence reports to police authorities in over 30 countries in Europe and elsewhere, which has led to the arrests of suspects and the safeguarding of children,” Europol said. In September 2015, Iranian physicist Mehran T. Keshe met with the FBI in Rome, a meeting set up by VT. From a source at Europol: It was this from Veterans Today that helped push this forward: “It was Keshe’s information given to the FBI in Italy that led to the seizure of Sterling Allan’s computer back in January of 2016, which led to the Obama White House getting files tying Justice “Tony” Scalia to a child sex ring and demonstrating that it was Scalia that had protected Allan. “ With Justice Scalia exposed to Obama blackmail, his own friends smothered him to death with a pillow, and walked past police, while the world moved on, no autopsy, no investigation.” Read: Former Victim Claims Scalia Was a Pedophile That explains why Hollande (President of the French Republic) was scared he is linked to child abuse in France, via Belgium as well. Abdessalem (Foreign Minister of Tunisia) was traded by the FBI so Hollande can stay in power, sign the tafta and much more allow American military presence in France, which is now turning against him… That explains why the US military unit near Milan was behind us to see what we had in stock against Bibi (Netanyahu) and Hollande… now that they have Hollande, they are pushing him to the edge, using pressure on Sarkozy, right hand of Bibi, they moved in Tripoli, blackmailing Roma. Thus, what begins as a hundred arrests, when you peel the levels, involves the French elections and even the recent Bataclan attack in Paris now tied to, if you can imagine it, a police informant smuggled into France through Italy by Tunisia, who out of curiosity runs an anti-Keshe website. Why do they hate Keshe? Pedophilia Bombshells — The Sick World of the 'Elite':",0
6461,Battle for the Ages,"Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email => 
Donald Trump’s red wave on Election Day was an unprecedented body blow against neoliberalism. The stupid early-1990s prediction about the ‘end of history’ turned into a – possible – shock of the new. The new global nativism? Perhaps a new push towards democratic socialism? Too early to tell. 
Once again. A body blow, not a death blow. Like the cast of The Walking Dead, the zombie neoliberal elite simply won’t quit. For the Powers That Be/Deep State/Wall Street axis, there’s only one game in town, and that is to win, at all costs. Failing that, to knock over the whole chessboard, as in hot war. 
Hot war has been postponed, at least for a few years. Meanwhile, it’s enlightening to observe the collective American and Eurocrat despair about a world they can’t understand anymore; Brexit, Trumpquake, the rise of the far-right across the West. For the insulated financial/tech/think-tank elites of liquid modernity, criticism of neoliberalism – with is inbuilt deregulation, privatization a-go-go, austerity obsession – is anathema. 
The angry, white, blue collar Western uprising is the ultimate backlash against neoliberalism – an instinctive reaction against the rigged economic casino capitalism game and its subservient political arms. That’s at the core of Trump winning non-college white voters in Wisconsin by 28 points. Blaming “whitelash” , racism, WikiLeaks or Russia is no more than childish diversionary tactics. 
The key question is whether the backlash may engender a new Western drive towards democratic socialism – read David Harvey’s books for the road map – or just nostalgic nationalism raging against the neoliberal Washington/EU/NAFTA/ globalization machine. 
Read my lips: much lower taxes 
Trump is proposing to turn the tables on the neoliberal game. Throughout his campaign he criminalized free trade – the essence of globalization – for decimating the American working class, even as US businesses blamed free trade for forcing them to squeeze workers’ wages. 
So let’s see how Trump will be able to impose his priorities. In parallel to addressing the appalling structural decline in US manufacturing, he wants to pull a China: a massive $1 trillion infrastructure project over 10 years via public-private partnerships and private investments encouraged by lower taxes. That’s supposed to create a wealth of jobs. 
Lower corporate taxes in this case translate into a whopping $3 trillion over 10 years, something like 1.6 percent of GDP. That would be the way to incite huge multinationals to repatriate the hundreds of billions of dollars in profits stashed abroad. This fiscal shock would create 25 million jobs in the US over the next 10 years, and propel a 4 percent growth rate. 
And then there’s the protectionist drive that will renegotiate NAFTA and kill TPP for good. Not to mention raising import tariffs over manufactured products (many by de-localized US multinationals) imported from China and Mexico. 
It’s open to fierce debate how Trumponomics will manage to square the circle; with more economic growth fueled by less taxes, imports will rise to satisfy internal demand. But if these products are subjected to stiffer tariffs, they will become more expensive, and inflation will inevitably rise. 
Anyway, the bottom line of protectionist Trumponomics would be a huge blow against global trade. Deglobalization, anyone? 
Asia braces for impact 
Predictably, the heart of deglobalization will be the Trump-China relationship. Throughout the campaign, Trump blamed China for currency manipulation and proposed a 45 percent tariff on Chinese imports. 
In Hong Kong banking circles, no one believes in it. Key argument: the already strapped basket of “deplorables” simply won’t have the means to pay more for these Chinese imports. 
Another thing entirely would be for Trumponomics to find mechanisms to hurt US companies that de-localize in Asia. That would translate into serious problems for outsourcing Meccas such as India and the Philippines. Outsourcing in the Philippines, for instance, serves mostly US companies and attracts revenue as crucial to the nation as total Filipino worker remittances from abroad, something like 9 percent of GDP. 
It’s quite enlightening in this context to consider what Narayana Murthy – founder of Indian IT major Infosys – told the CNBC TV-18 network; “What is in the best interest of America is for its corporations to succeed, for its corporations to create more jobs… to export more… so I’m very positive.” 
Four months ago Nomura Holdings Inc. issued a report titled “Trumping Asia” . No less than 77 percent of respondents expected Trump to brand China a currency manipulator; and 75 percent predicted he will impose tariffs on exports from China, South Korea and Japan. 
So no wonder all across Asia the next months will be nerve-wracking. Asia – and not only China – is the factory of the world. Any Trump trade restriction over China will reverberate all across Asia. 
Brace for impact: deglobalized Trumponomics vs. Neoliberalism will be a battle for the ages. 
Pepe Escobar is the author of Globalistan: How the Globalized World is Dissolving into Liquid War (Nimble Books, 2007), Red Zone Blues: a snapshot of Baghdad during the surge and Obama does Globalistan (Nimble Books, 2009). His latest book is Empire of Chaos . He may be reached at . (Reprinted from RT by permission of author or representative)",0
6463,Report Accuses Facebook of Gender Bias Against Female Developers - Breitbart,"A newly published report has accused Facebook of rejecting female developer’s code 35 percent more often than code written by male developers. [The Wall Street Journal reports that an engineer at Facebook gathered data last year showing that code written by women at the company was more frequently rejected than code written by male developers. The report apparently set off a debate within Facebook internally about possible gender bias within the Silicon Valley tech company. CEO Mark Zuckerberg was even asked about the report during a weekly town hall meeting.  Senior Facebook officials conducted their own review of the Facebook engineer’s report following the outcry. Facebook’s Head of Infrastructure, Jay Parikh, published an internal post a month after the review which attributed the rejection rate gap to the engineer’s rank and level of work rather than their gender. This was seen by many employees as evidence that female developers were not rising through the ranks of Google at the same rate as their male counterparts. A Facebook spokesperson told the Wall Street Journal that the initial analysis by the Facebook engineer was, “incomplete and inaccurate  —   performed by a former Facebook engineer with an incomplete data set. ” However, the spokesperson did confirm Mr. Parikh’s analysis, which was based on data unavailable to the majority of employees. The spokesperson also stated that there aren’t enough women at senior engineering levels at Facebook and across many Silicon Valley tech companies. Tracy Chou, a diversity advocate and former software engineer at Pinterest said, “especially for mass consumer products, there are just going to be blind spots. ” The engineer that conducted the report who has reportedly been at the company for several years stated that she conducted the analysis, “so that we can have an insight into how the review process impacts people in various groups. ” The engineer stated that she analyzed five years of data that she pulled from Facebook’s own open repository of   data. Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
6464,"Democrats: ""Blacks are really F**ked in the Head"" caught on TAPE","
In this video released by Project Veritas Action, a top Democratic donor is caught on camera disparaging members of the African American community at a fundraiser for North Carolina U.S. Senate candidate Deborah Ross. In the video, prominent Ross donor Benjamin Barber expresses his opinion about blacks who vote Republican by comparing them to Nazis.
“Have you heard of the Sonderkommandos? Jewish guards who helped murder Jews in the camps. So there were even Jews that were helping the Nazis murder Jews! So blacks who are helping the other side are seriously fucked in the head. They’re only helping the enemy who will destroy them. Maybe they think ‘if I help them we’ll get along okay; somehow I’ll save my race by working with the murderers,’” said Barber at a fundraiser for Ross on the Upper West Side of New York City on September 19, 2016.

",0
6465,Meryl Streep Bashes Donald Trump During Golden Globes Speech,"Meryl Streep accepted the Cecil B. DeMille Lifetime Achievement Award at Sunday night’s Golden Globes  —   and used her acceptance speech to repeatedly attack   Donald Trump in what was one of the night’s most pointed political statements. [The     began her speech by noting that Hollywood is the most “vilified” segment of American society following Donald Trump’s victory.  “Hollywood is crawling with outsiders and foreigners. And if we kick them all out, you’ll have nothing to watch but football and Mixed Martial Arts, which are not the arts,” she said. At tonight’s #GoldenGlobes we honor Hollywood legend Meryl Streep with the prestigious Cecil B. Demille Award. pic. twitter.   —   Golden Globe Awards (@goldenglobes) January 9, 2017,  Streep said Trump’s mocking of disabled New York Times reporter Serge Kovaleski was the “performance” that most “stunned” her. “There was nothing good about it, but it did its job,” the actress said. “It kind of broke my heart when I saw it, and I still can’t get it out my head because it wasn’t in a movie, it was in real life. That instinct to humiliate when it’s modeled by someone in a public platform, it filters down into everyone’s life because it gives permission for others to do the same. ” “Disrespect invites disrespect, violence incites violence,” Streep said. Streep challenged a “principled press” to stand up to Trump “to hold power to hold power to account, to call to the carpet for every outrage. Streep called on Hollywood to support the Committee to Protect Journalists, “because we’re going to need them going forward  —   and they’ll need us to safeguard the truth. ” “Take your broken heart, make it into art,” Streep concluded, quoting the late actress Carrie Fisher. Watch Streep’s full speech above.",0
6466,"Hillary Clinton Tops ""Islamist Money in Politics"" List","Hillary Clinton Tops ""Islamist Money in Politics"" List   
There are some very dubious awards out there that you just don't want to win. Being one of the top recipients of Islamic money in politics certainly tops that list. Hillary Clinton likes to complain about dark money. This is as dark as money gets. As the Middle East Forum's research shows . 
Hillary Clinton tops the list, raking in $41,165 from prominent Islamists. This includes $19,249 from senior officials of the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), declared a terrorist organization by the United Arab Emirates on November 15, 2014. 
For example, Mrs. Clinton has accepted $3,900 from former CAIR vice-chairman Ahmad Al-Akhras, who has defended numerous Islamists in Ohio indicted – and later convicted – on terrorism charges. 
Among other current presidential candidates, Jill Stein has accepted $250. Donald Trump and Gary Johnson have not received any Islamist money. 
Other top recent recipients of money from the enemy include Rep. Keith Ellison ($17,370) and Rep. Andre Carson ($13,225). 
The top ten list includes nine Democrats, one independent (Sen. Bernie Sanders accepted $9,285), and no Republicans. 
I don't think that's too surprising to anyone. Though you have to feel sorry for Jill Stein. She hates Israel and announced she wouldn't have killed Osama bin Laden. What's a girl gotta do to get ahead on Jihad Street anyway?",0
6467,The Anti-Trump Protesters Are Tools of the Oligarchy,"Leave a reply “Reform always provokes rage on the part of those who profit by the old order.” Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr., The Crisis of the Old Order 
Paul Craig Roberts – Who are the anti-Trump protesters besmirching the name of progressives by pretending to be progresives and by refusing to accept the outcome of the presidential election? They look like, and are acting worse than, the “white trash” that they are denouncing. 
I think I know who they are. They are thugs for hire and are paid by the Oligarchy to delegitimize Trump’s presidency in the way that Washington and the German Marshall Fund paid students in Kiev to protest the democratically elected Ukrainian government in order to prepare the way for a coup. 
The organization, change.org, which claims to be a progressive group, but might be a front, along with other progressive groups, for the Oligarchy, is destroying the reputation of all progressives by circulating a petition that directs the electors of the Electoral Collage to annul the election by casting their votes for Hillary. Remember how upset progressives were when Trump said he might not accept the election result if there was evidence that the vote was rigged? Now progressives are doing what they damned Trump for saying he might do under certain conditions. 
The Western presstitutes used the protests in Kiev to delegitimize a democratically elected government and to set it up for a coup. The protest pay was good enough that non-Ukrainians came from nearby countries to participate in the protest in order to collect the money. At the time I posted the amounts paid daily to protesters. Reports came in to me from Eastern and Western Europe from people who were not Ukrainian but were paid to protest as if they were Ukrainians. 
The same thing is going on with the Trump protests. CNN reports that “for many Americans across the country, Donald Trump’s victory is an outcome they simply refuse to accept. Tens of thousands filled the streets in at least 25 US cities overnight.” This is the exact reporting that the Oligarchy desired from its presstitutes and got. 
I hope no one thinks that simultaneous protests in 25 cities were a spontaneous event. How did 25 independent protests manage to come up with the same slogans and the same signs on the same night following the election? 
What is the point of the protests, and what interest is served by them? As the Romans always asked, “who benefits?” 
There is only one answer: The Oligarchy and only the Oligarchy benefits. 
Trump is a threat to the Oligarchy, because he intends to stop the giveaway of American jobs to foreigners. The jobs giveaway, sanctified by the neoliberal junk economists as “free trade,” is one of the main reasons for the 21st century worsening of the US income distribution. Money that was formerly paid in middle class wages and salaries to American manufacturing employees and college graduates has been re-routed to the pockets of the One Percent. 
When US corporations move their production of goods and services sold to Americans offshore to Asian countries, such as China and India, their wage bill falls. The money formerly paid in middle class incomes goes instead into executive bonuses and dividends and capital gains to shareholders. The ladders of upward mobility that had made America the land of opportunity were dismantled for the sole purpose of making a handful of people multi-billionaires. 
Trump is a threat to the Oligarchy, because he intends peaceful relations with Russia. In order to replace the profitable Soviet Threat, the Oligarchy and their neoconservative agents worked overtime to recreate the “Russian Threat” by demonizing Russia. 
Accustomed to many decades of excess profits from the profitable Cold War, the military/security complex was angry when President Reagan brought the Cold War to an end. Before these leaches on American taxpayers could get the Cold War going again, the Soviet Union collapsed as a result of a right-wing coup against Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev. 
The military/security complex and their zionist neoconservative agents cooked up “the war on terror” to keep the money flowing to the One Percent. But as hard as the presstitute media worked to create fear of “the Muslim threat,” even insouciant Americans knew that the Muslims did not have thousands of ICBMs carrying powerful thermo-nuclear weapons capable of destroying the entirety of the United States in a few minutes. Neither did the Muslims have the Red Army capable of overrunning all of Europe in a couple of days. Indeed, the Muslims haven’t needed an army. Refugees from Washington’s wars enabled by Europeans are overrunning Europe. 
The excuse for the annual trillion dollar ($1,000 billion ) military/security budget was missing. So the Oligarchy created “the New Hitler” in Russia. Hillary was the Oligarchy’s principle agent for heating up the new Coldl War. 
Hillary is the tool, enriched by the Oligarchy, whose job as President was to protect and to increase the trillion dollar budget of the military/security complex. With Hillary in the White House, the looting of the American taxpayers in behalf of the wealth of the One Percent could go forward unimpeaded. But if Trump resolves “the Russian threat,” the Oligarchy takes an income hit. 
Hillary’s job as President was also to privatize Social Security in order that her Wall Street benefactors can rip off Americans the way that Americans have been ripped off by the insurance companies under Obamacare. 
Those Americans who do not pay attention think, mistakenly, that the FBI cleared Hillary of violating National Security protocals with her email practices. The FBI said that Hillary did violate National Security, but that it was a result of carelessness or ignorance. She got off from indictment, because the FBI concluded that she did not intentionally violate National Security protocals. The investigation of the Clinton Foundation continues. 
In other words, in order to protect Hillary the FBI fell back on the ancient common law rule that “there can be no crime without intent.” (See PCR and Lawrence Stratton, The Tyranny of Good Intentions .) 
One would think that protesters, if they were legitimate, would be celebrating Trump’s victory. He, unlike Hillary, promises to reduce tensions with powerful Russia, and we hope also with China. Unlike Hillary, Trump says he is concerned with the absence of careers for those very people protesting in the streets of 25 cities against him. 
In other words, the protests against the American people for electing Trump as their president are pointless. The protests are happening for one reason only. The Oligarchy intends to delegitimize the Trump Presidency. Once President Trump is delegitimized, it will be easier for the Oligarchy to assassinate him. Unless the Oligarchy can appoint and control Trump’s government, Trump is a prime candidate for assassination. 
The protests against Trump are suspicious for another reason. Unlike Hillary, Obama, and George W. Bush, Donald Trump has not slaughtered and dislocated millions of peoples in seven countries, sending millions of refugees from the Oligarchy’s wars to overrun Europe. 
Trump earned his fortune, and if by hook or crook, not by selling US government influence to foreign agents as Bill and Hillary did. 
So what are the protesters protesting? 
There is no answer except that they are hired to protest. Just as the Maidan protesters in Kiev were hired to protest by US and German financed NGOs. 
The protests in Kiev were equally pointless, because presidential elections were only months away. If Ukranians really believed that their president was conspiring with Russia to keep Ukraine from becomming a Western puppet state and wished to become a puppet state regardless of the costs, the opportunity to vote the government out was at hand. The only reason for the protests was to orchestrate a coup. The US did succeed in putting their agent in control of the new Ukrainian government as Victoria Nuland and the US ambassador in Kiev confirmed in their telephone conversation that is available on the Inernet. 
The Maidan protests were pointless except for making a coup possible. The protests were without any doubt arranged by Washington through Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland, a neoconservative brought into the State Department by Hillary Clinton for the purpose of creating conflict with Russia. 
Trump is being protested in order to make him vulnerable in the event he proves to be the threat to the Oligarchy that he is thought to be. 
Trump won the presidency, but the Oligarchy is still in power, which makes any real reforms difficult to achieve. Symbolic reforms can be the product of the contest between President Trump and the oligarchs. 
Karl Marx learned from historical experience, and Lenin, Stalin, and Pol Pott learned from Karl Marx, that change cannot occur if the displaced ruling class is left intact after a revolution against them. We have proof of this thoughout South America. Every revolution by the indigenious people has left unmolested the Spanish ruling class, and every revolution has been overthrown by collusion between the ruling class and Washington. 
Washington has conspired with traditional elites to remove the elected presidents of Honduras on a number of occasions. Recently, Washington helped elites evict the female presidents of Argentina and Brazil. The presidents of Venezuela, Ecuador, and Bolivia are in the crosshairs and are unlikely to survive. Washington is determined to get its hands on Julian Assange. To achieve this Washington intends to overthrow the Ecuadoran governmenrt that, in defiance of Washington, gave Julian Assange political asylum. 
Hugo Chavez had the power to exile or to exterminate the Spanish ruling class in Venezuela when the ruling class participated in a CIA coup against Chavez. But before the CIA could kill Chavez, the people and the military forced his release. Instead of punishing the criminals who would have murdered him, Chavez let them go. 
According to Marx, Lenin, and Stalin, this is the classic mistake of the revolutionary. To rely on good will from the overthrown ruling class is the certain road to the defeat of the revolution. 
Latin American has proved itself unable to learn this lesson: Revolutions cannot be concillatory. 
Trump is a dealmaker. The Oligarchy can permit him the sheen of success in exchange for no real change. 
Trump is not perfect. He might fail on his own. But we should back him on the two most important elements in his program: to reduce tensions between the major nuclear powers, and to halt Washington’s policy of permitting globalism to destroy Americans’ economic prospects. 
If tensions between nuclear powers worsen, we won’t be here to worry about other problems. The combination of the economy hollowed out by globalism and immigration is an economic nightmare. That Trump understands this is reason to support him. 
Note: Some believe that Trump is a ruse conducted by the Oligarchy. However, as Hillary is the bought-and-paid-for representative of the Oligarchy, such an elaborate ruse is unnecessary. It is preferable for the Oligarchy to win on its own platform than to install a president on the opposite platform and then change him around. Another sellout increases the anger of the people. If Hillary had won, the Oligarchy would have had the voters’ mandate for their platform. SF Source Paul Craig Roberts Nov. 2016 Share this:",0
6468,"Trump Clashes Early With Courts, Portending Years of Legal Battles - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   President Trump is barreling into a confrontation with the courts barely two weeks after taking office, foreshadowing years of legal battles as an administration determined to disrupt the existing order presses the boundaries of executive power. Lawyers for the administration were ordered to submit a brief on Monday defending Mr. Trump’s order temporarily banning refugees from around the world and all visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States. An appeals court in California refused on Sunday to reinstate the ban after a lower court blocked it. As people from the countries targeted by Mr. Trump struggled to make their way to the United States while they could, the president for the second day in a row expressed rage at the judge in the case, this time accusing him of endangering national security. Vice President Mike Pence defended the president’s tone, but lawyers and lawmakers of both parties said Mr. Trump’s comments reflected a lack of respect for the constitutional system of checks and balances. Late in the day, Mr. Trump took to Twitter to   blame the judge and the judiciary for what the president suggested would be a future terrorist attack. “Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril,” Mr. Trump wrote, a day after referring to the “  judge” in the case. “If something happens blame him and court system. ” Even before the latest post, Republicans joined Democrats in chiding him. Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, said it was “best not to single out judges. ” “We all get disappointed from time to time,” he said on CNN’s “State of the Union. ” “I think it is best to avoid criticizing judges individually. ” The White House offered no evidence for Mr. Trump’s suggestion that potential terrorists would now pour over the border because of the judge’s order. Since Sept. 11, 2001, no American has been killed in a terrorist attack on American soil by anyone who immigrated from any of the seven countries named in Mr. Trump’s order. The impassioned debate over the immigration order brought to the fore issues at the heart of the Trump presidency. A businessman with no experience in public office, Mr. Trump has shown in his administration’s opening days that he favors an   approach with little regard for the two other branches of government. While Congress, controlled by Republicans, has deferred, the judiciary may emerge as the major obstacle for Mr. Trump. Democrats and some Republicans said Mr. Trump’s attack on the courts would color the battle over the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court as well as the president’s relationship with Congress. Other presidents have clashed with the judiciary. The Supreme Court invalidated parts of Franklin D. Roosevelt’s New Deal, forced Richard M. Nixon to turn over Watergate tapes and rejected Bill Clinton’s bid to delay a sexual harassment lawsuit. The last two presidents battled with courts repeatedly over the limits of their power. The judiciary ruled that George W. Bush overstepped his bounds in denying due process to terrorism suspects and that Barack Obama assumed power he did not have to allow millions of unauthorized immigrants to stay in the country. Charles Fried, solicitor general under Ronald Reagan, said the ruling by a Federal District Court in Washington State blocking Mr. Trump’s order resembled a ruling by a Texas district court stopping Mr. Obama from proceeding with his own immigration order. But rarely, if ever, has a president this early in his tenure, and with such personal invective, battled the courts. Mr. Trump, Mr. Fried said, is turning everything into “a soap opera” with overheated attacks on the judge. “There are no lines for him,” said Mr. Fried, who teaches at Harvard Law School and voted against Mr. Trump. “There is no notion of, this is inappropriate, this is indecent, this is unpresidential. ” Other Republicans brushed off the attacks, noting that judges have lifetime tenure that protects them from criticism. But even some Republicans said Mr. Trump’s order raised valid legal questions for the courts. “If I were in the White House, I’d feel better about my position if the ban or moratorium or whatever you call it were based on an actual attack or threat,” former Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales, who served under Mr. Bush, said in an interview. Still, he said, when it comes to noncitizens overseas, “the executive has enjoyed great deference from the courts. ” Judge James Robart, a Federal District Court judge in Seattle appointed by Mr. Bush, on Friday issued a nationwide suspension of Mr. Trump’s order while its legality was debated. The administration quickly asked the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit to overrule the judge, but it refused early Sunday and instead ordered the government to file a brief on Monday. The quick briefing schedule indicated that the appeals court could issue a ruling on the merits of the president’s order within days. In the meantime, refugees vetted by the government can proceed to the United States, as can any travelers with approved visas from the seven targeted nations: Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Still, widespread confusion and anger were reported at overseas airports on Sunday. Unsure which orders to follow, airlines stopped even some of the people named in the lawsuits who were technically cleared to come to the country, according to a government official. The assertion of broad latitude by the president in areas of national security resembles the struggles of the Bush years, when in the months after the Sept. 11 attacks the administration claimed sometimes sweeping power in the name of fighting terrorism. Jack Goldsmith, who as head of the Justice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel under Mr. Bush argued that some of the initial orders went too far and forced them to be rolled back, said on Sunday that there were similarities. “But Bush’s legal directives were not as sloppy as Trump’s,” he said. “And Trump’s serial attacks on judges and the judiciary take us into new territory. The sloppiness and aggressiveness of the directives, combined with the attacks on judges, put extra pressure on judges to rule against Trump. ” This was not the first time Mr. Trump has castigated a judge who ruled against him. As a candidate last year, Mr. Trump asserted that Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel, who was presiding over a fraud lawsuit by former students of Trump University, had a conflict of interest because his family was of Mexican heritage and he therefore would be biased because of Mr. Trump’s promise to build a border wall. Such comments from a sitting president, however, were unusual and triggered consternation in the legal community. Bartholomew J. Dalton, the president of the American College of Trial Lawyers, called Mr. Trump’s “insulting language” inappropriate. “It is wrong for the chief executive of the executive branch to demean a member of the judiciary with such language,” Mr. Dalton said in a statement. “This undermines judicial independence, which is the backbone to our constitutional democracy. ” Senators of both parties appearing on Sunday talk shows concurred. “I’ll be honest, I don’t understand language like that,” Senator Ben Sasse, Republican of Nebraska, said on “This Week” on ABC. “We don’t have   judges. We don’t have   senators. We don’t have   presidents. We have people from three different branches of government who take an oath to uphold and defend the Constitution. ” “The president is not a dictator,” Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the Judiciary Committee’s top Democrat, said on “Fox News Sunday. ” “The framers of our Constitution wanted a strong Congress for the very reason that most of these kinds of things should be done within the scope of lawmaking. This is done within the scope of executive power. ” It fell to Mr. Pence to defend Mr. Trump. “Well, look, the president of the United States has every right to criticize the other two branches of government. And we have a long tradition of that in this country,” he said on “Meet the Press” on NBC. “The judge’s actions in this case,” he added, “making decisions about American foreign policy and national security, it’s just very frustrating to the president, to our whole administration, to millions of Americans who want to see judges that will uphold the law and recognize the authority the president of the United States has under the Constitution to manage who comes into this country. ”",0
6469,Hollywood Reporter’s Wolff to CNN’s Stelter on Trump Coverage: Media Becoming ’Quite a Ridiculous Figure’ - Breitbart,"Sunday on CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” the Hollywood Reporter’s Michael Wolff defended a recent Newsweek column of his in which he took aim at the media for it’s aggressive coverage of President Donald Trump, including a specific criticism aimed at show host Brian Stelter.  Partial transcript as follows: STELTER: Let me read from your Newsweek column. Let’s put part of it on screen here. You said, “The media strategy is to show Trump as an inept and craven sociopath. The Trump strategy is to show that the media people are hopeful prigs, out of touch with the nation. ” And you mentioned me. You said, “The media correspondent for CNN turns to the camera every Sunday morning and delivers a pious sermon about Trump’s perfidiousness. ” I hope I pronounced that right. Tell me about that particular issue. Do you feel that my style is wrong or my substance is wrong, trying to fact check the president? WOLFF: I think it’s  —   and I mean this with truly no disrespect, but I think you can border on being sort of quite a ridiculous figure. It’s not a good look to repeatedly and   defend your own  . The media should not be the story. Every week in this religious sense, you make it the story. We are not the story. STELTER: There’s room for one hour a week on CNN for this? WOLFF: Listen, I love your show. I just wish you wouldn’t turn to the camera and lecture America about the virtues of the media and every one trying to attack it. The media will be fine. STELTER: The media doesn’t need defending at this moment? WOLFF: The media does not need defending by the media certainly. You know, and so far, the media is  —   I mean, “The New York Times” front page looks like it’s 1938 in Germany every day. STELTER: No, it does not. Give me a break. WOLFF: “The New Yorker” as I say, has left all of its standards behind and now become, you know, an opinion vehicle constantly. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo",0
6470,"CNN IS OFFICIALLY RIGGING THE ELECTION FOR CLINTON, ALL CREDIBILITY LOST","We Are Change 
In this video Luke Rudkowski covers the latest news of Wikileaks emails released by Juliana Assange showing how CNN asked the DNC for questions to ask Donald Trump. This is clear rigging of the election for Hillary Clinton. We go over more main stream media collusion and how to defeat them by doing their job better then them. If you want to take part in that invest in our media organization here https://www.patreon.com/wearechange
Buy the new We Are Change t-shirt because you will enjoy shredding the Clinton News Network in public!

Sources
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aZA8…
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMgam…
https://milo.yiannopoulos.net/2016/11…
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/wik…
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emai…
https://twitter.com/rooshv/status/795…
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/t…
http://dailycaller.com/2016/11/07/hus…
https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/…
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CwqlomaUs…
https://twitter.com/TheDCPolitics/sta…
http://www.dcclothesline.com/2016/11/…
http://dailycaller.com/2016/11/06/lea…
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CwqojhuVE…
————————————————————————————————-
Visit our main site for more breaking news http://wearechange.org/
Patreon https://www.patreon.com/WeAreChange?a…
SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange
Facebook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange
Instagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange
Rep WeAreChange Merch Proudly: http://wearechange.org/store
OH YEAH since we are not corporate or government WHORES help us out http://wearechange.org/donate
We take BITCOIN too
12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP
The post CNN IS OFFICIALLY RIGGING THE ELECTION FOR CLINTON, ALL CREDIBILITY LOST appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
6471,POLITICAL WARFARE EXPLODES IN WASHINGTON,"Home › POLITICS › POLITICAL WARFARE EXPLODES IN WASHINGTON POLITICAL WARFARE EXPLODES IN WASHINGTON 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] Just a week before Election Day, the crisis gripping the American ruling class and its state, marked by intractable and bitter internal conflicts, has erupted into open political warfare. 
Last Friday’s letter from Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey to Congress announcing new “investigative steps” in the probe of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, itself a manifestation of the crisis, has brought the underlying tensions to the boiling point. It has exposed raging conflicts within the FBI and, more broadly, the national security apparatus as a whole. 
Comey’s cryptic letter acknowledged that the FBI has not actually reviewed a new batch of emails that “appear to be pertinent” to its previous investigation into Clinton’s use of a private email server for official business while she was secretary of state. The agency, he wrote, “cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant.” This astonishing admission makes all the more extraordinary Comey’s decision to make the discovery of the new emails a public issue only eleven days before the election. 
In a rapid-fire series of developments this weekend, Justice Department officials revealed that they had opposed Comey’s decision to send the letter, arguing that it violated a longstanding principle that no Justice Department or FBI action that might impact on a candidate should be announced within 60 days of an election. 
The Clinton campaign and congressional Democrats lashed out at Comey for the timing of the letter. At a campaign rally in Daytona Beach, Florida, Clinton said Comey’s action is “not just strange, it’s unprecedented.” She also tweeted that “FBI Director Comey bowed to partisan pressure,” suggesting that the letter was an effort to appease congressional Republican leaders opposed to Comey’s determination last July that there was no basis for criminal charges against Clinton over her use of a private email server. 
Democratic Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid sent a letter to Comey suggesting that he had violated the law forbidding government employees to use their official positions to influence the result of an election. “I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act,” he wrote. “Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law.” 
He added that Comey had “demonstrated a disturbing double standard for the treatment of sensitive information, with what appears to be clear intent to aid one political party over another,” because he had made public the renewed FBI interest in Clinton’s emails, but was silent on what Reid called “explosive information” supposedly connecting Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump to Russian government officials. 
Here Reid was resorting to the Russia-baiting that has been the Clinton campaign’s main response to the publication by WikiLeaks of tens of thousands of emails and other documents sent or received by campaign chairman John Podesta, including devastating information on Bill Clinton’s use of the Clinton Foundation to obtain lucrative speaking engagements with corporations and business associations. Campaign spokesmen have refused to discuss the contents of the emails, claiming that they were hacked by Russian government agents and then handed over to WikiLeaks to damage Clinton and help Trump. 
NBC News reported Sunday that the FBI has now obtained a search warrant to go through all 650,000 emails found on the laptop of former congressman Anthony Weiner, the estranged husband of Clinton’s closest aide, Huma Abedin. Weiner is under FBI investigation for allegedly sending sexually explicit text messages to an underage girl. 
The Wall Street Journal gave details, in a story posted on its web site Sunday afternoon, of the explosive internal crisis within the FBI that led to Comey’s letter to Congress. By this account, there has been a fierce battle within the FBI and between the FBI and the Justice Department not only over the Clinton email investigation, but over separate investigations involving four FBI field offices (New York, Washington DC, Los Angeles and Little Rock, Arkansas) into the operations of the Clinton Foundation. 
More than eight months ago, FBI agents presented plans for a more aggressive investigation of the foundation to career prosecutors in the Justice Department, only to have the proposal blocked on the grounds that there was insufficient evidence. The FBI offices nonetheless continued their investigations, which were intensified after the Clinton email investigation was wound up in July. 
The Journal report suggests that either a substantial faction within the FBI was convinced that top FBI officials were covering up criminal activities on the part of Hillary and Bill Clinton, or the FBI dissidents were politically motivated to use agency resources to undermine Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign, or both. 
When top officials in the FBI and Justice Department opposed these efforts, open rebellion followed, expressed in leaks to the Wall Street Journal centrally targeting FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, whose wife was an unsuccessful Democratic candidate for state senate in Virginia last year. According to some press reports, Comey sent his letter to Congress last week because he was convinced the information would become public anyway through further leaks by FBI subordinates. 
The open warfare engulfing Washington on the eve of a presidential election reveals that the entire political system and the state apparatus itself are riven by tensions and conflicts so deep and bitter that they cannot be contained within the traditional framework of bourgeois elections. Fueling these tensions is the convergence of crises on the economic, geopolitical, internal political and social fronts. 
The US and world economy remain mired in stagnation more than eight years after the 2008 Wall Street crash, and there are growing fears that central bank policies designed to buttress the banks and drive up stock prices are leading to a new financial disaster. The economic crisis is fueling social anger and alienation from the entire political system, as reflected in different ways in the mass support for the anti-Wall Street campaign of the self-styled “socialist” Bernie Sanders and the “America first” pseudo-populist campaign of Donald Trump. Post navigation",0
6472,Michelle Obama Deletes Hillary Clinton From Twitter,"posted by Eddie Michelle Obama has scrubbed all references to Hillary Clinton from both of her Twitter accounts as news breaks that Clinton is under two different FBI investigations involving four FBI offices. The @FLOTUS account has been wiped clean of all traces of Hillary, and @MichelleObama , a verified page with almost six million followers, has been scrubbed all the way back to 2013. Is Michelle performing a last minute tidy up, clearing out the clutter before the dumpster fire of the Democratic campaign finally burns out? 

Bernie Sanders has also begun to change his tune. A Twitter post today sure didn’t sound like it was referring to Hillary Clinton. Bernie was asked by a supporter about the write-in thing – and his response might surprise you. “ If you want to write me in here [Vermont], I think it’s fine.” source:",0
6473,Donald Trump Says He May Keep Parts of Obama Health Care Act - The New York Times,"Just days after a national campaign in which he vowed repeatedly to repeal President Obama’s signature health care law, Donald J. Trump is sending signals that his approach to health care is a work in progress. Mr. Trump even indicated that he would like to keep two of the most popular benefits of the Affordable Care Act, one that forces insurers to cover people with   health conditions and another that allows parents to cover children under their plan into their  . He told The Wall Street Journal that he was reconsidering his stance after meeting with Mr. Obama on Thursday. The comments added to a sense of whiplash about the law and its future. More than 100, 000 Americans rushed to buy health insurance under the Affordable Care Act on Wednesday, the biggest turnout yet during this year’s   period, underscoring that millions of people now depend on the law for coverage. Beyond Mr. Trump’s comments, new plans laid out on his presidential transition website this week deviate from what he had proposed during the campaign, and he added ideas that appeared to more closely align with the mainstream Republican agenda. The new plans drop all mention of reining in high drug prices, which Mr. Trump had advocated for months, and add new language about modernizing Medicare, a potential nod to congressional efforts to give people vouchers toward buying private health insurance. “Health care is shaping up as a priority for the Trump administration and Republicans in Congress,” said Larry Levitt, an executive at the Kaiser Family Foundation, which closely tracks health policy. “But we still have very little detail about what that really means. ” The health care industry, which invested hundreds of millions of dollars in preparing for business under the Affordable Care Act, is disoriented about what to do next  —   and scrambling for ways to avoid a financial shock. A repeal of the act would mean the loss of millions of customers for insurance companies and uninsured people turning to hospital emergency rooms for basic care. Mr. Trump, in an interview to be broadcast on CBS’s “60 Minutes,” said the guarantee of coverage for people with   conditions was “one of the strongest assets” of the law. He also said he would try to preserve the measure allowing young adults to remain on their parents’ insurance until age 26. “We’re going to do it simultaneously  —   it’ll be just fine,” he said, saying that people would not lose coverage when the law was repealed. Policy experts say that the part of the law that Mr. Trump is rethinking, that prevents insurers from refusing to cover people with costly medical conditions, only works financially for insurers if there are plenty of healthy people also buying insurance. If only sick people enroll, premiums would soar. To get healthy people covered, the existing law includes generous subsidies to help more people to afford a policy and taxes people who don’t buy insurance. Industry executives say their first priority is to persuade Mr. Trump and the new Congress to replace the law with some way for people to continue getting coverage. The problem is that, until now, top executives from the biggest insurers have not heard from Mr. Trump or his close advisers about his plans. In fact, the industry as a whole made no contingency plans for a Trump victory and does not yet appear to have developed a strategy. In the last few days, executives have huddled hurriedly with their boards and advisers to discuss how to react. In mapping out various election result possibilities, “this wasn’t on the sheet,” said Mark Bertolini, the chief executive of Aetna. “We had no idea how to approach it. ” The consequences are urgent. About 22 million Americans would be without insurance if the law were repealed. The state marketplaces, where about 10 million of those people buy insurance, would no longer exist. The millions of others who were newly eligible for Medicaid would also lose coverage. “I’m concerned about the fear factor of what is going on,” said Bernard J. Tyson, the chief executive of Kaiser Permanente, the system based in California that includes hospitals, doctors and an insurance plan. He said the company was already getting calls from people worried about whether they would still be able to get coverage. Both federal officials and insurance executives say people should not hesitate to sign up during the current open enrollment period. Terri Marsh, 61, in Goose Creek, S. C. did not hesitate to sign up again for a Blue Cross plan as soon as she could. “Insurance is something you have to have,” she said. Before the marketplace plans were available, she had been without coverage for five years, despite having a serious inflammatory disease. “Because I have a   disease that is off the wall for them, I could not get insurance,” she said. Without getting the coverage through the law, she said, “I could possibly be dead. ” Yet Republicans have seized on some areas where the law is struggling and in the   insurance marketplaces in particular. This month, for example, Republicans highlighted the sharp rise in the average price of an insurance plan on the marketplace  —   25 percent  —   as proof that the law was fatally flawed. Mr. Bertolini warned that rates could go even higher next year. Without a   supermajority in the Senate, Republicans will probably be unable to repeal the entire Affordable Care Act. But they can eliminate several consequential provisions through a special budgetary process called reconciliation. Last year, the Senate passed a reconciliation bill that undid large portions of the health bill. The House passed it. President Obama vetoed it. The bill would have eliminated the expansion of Medicaid coverage for Americans near or below the poverty line. It would have eliminated subsidies to help   Americans buy their own insurance on new marketplaces. It would have eliminated tax penalties for the uninsured, meant to urge everyone to obtain health insurance. And it would have eliminated a number of taxes created by the law to help fund those programs. (It was written to kick in after two years, meaning the programs would not disappear immediately.) Many parts of the law cannot be repealed through reconciliation. Among them are reforms to the Medicare program, a provision that requires insurers to cover young adults on their parents’ policies, and requirements that health insurers sell policies to anyone regardless of their health history. Those parts of the law are very likely to remain law. Crucial aspects of the bill can be undone in a number of other ways, too. The administration could simply halt efforts to sign people up for the state marketplace plans. Or Congress could eliminate the federal subsidies that help millions of people afford a plan. Either one of those moves would most likely cause far fewer people to sign up for insurance, leading to instability or collapse of the insurance marketplaces. “There are a lot of different triggers that can be pulled,” said Benjamin Isgur, the leader of the PwC Health Research Institute. For the insurers and hospitals, the challenge is to persuade   Trump that an alternative to the online marketplaces is necessary. Insurers will feel the loss of customers both in the individual market and under state Medicaid programs. While most are well diversified into other areas of insurance, the Affordable Care Act was seen as a way to forestall the steady erosion in   insurance. The companies spent years and millions investing in being able to sell new policies through the state marketplaces, operating under an entirely new model. Hospitals, however, are likely to be the biggest losers. Under the law, they agreed to get less money from the government, essentially in exchange for having to cover fewer uninsured people. “If repeal happens, are there voices in the industry loud enough to replace it?” said Sam Glick, a partner at Oliver Wyman, a consulting firm. Executives insist that the proposals that have been discussed before, including by Paul D. Ryan, the speaker of the House and a Republican, laid out how to replace the coverage and would allow people to transition to different options. The Trump administration and Congress “are not going to pull out the rug from people,” said Dr. J. Mario Molina, the chief executive of Molina Healthcare, a   insurer. He predicted that the earliest the law could be repealed was 2018, and that it would be replaced with something like a modified version of Medicaid, the government insurance for poor people. “The debate is not around the what, but around the how,” he said. Because Mr. Trump has been short on detailing exactly what he plans to do, though, many in the industry argue they cannot prepare a strategy in advance. He has said broadly that he wants to repeal the law, for example, and give states more control over Medicaid programs. He has talked about being able to sell insurance across state lines and has recently discussed a return to the state programs that existed to help cover people with serious medical conditions. “This is Day 1 of figuring out what all of this means,” Mr. Glick of Oliver Wyman said Wednesday.",0
6474,Ann Coulter: A Maniac Is Running Our Foreign Policy! (It’s Not Trump),"If only we were able to deport citizens, we could use Trump’s new policy of excluding those who are “hostile” toward our country to get rid of Judge James Robart. [Judge Robart’s veto of Trump’s travel ban notwithstanding, there is not the slightest question but that the president, in his sole discretion, can choose to admit or exclude any foreigners he likes, based on “the interests of the United States. ”  The Clinton administration used the executive branch’s broad power over immigration to send a    boy back to a communist dictatorship. The courts were completely powerless to stop him. As explained by the federal appellate court that ruled on Elian Gonzalez’s asylum application: “It is the duty of the Congress and of the executive branch to exercise political will,” and “in no context is the executive branch entitled to more deference than in the context of foreign affairs,” which includes immigration. The court acknowledged that Elian might well be subjected to “” “communist indoctrination” and “political manipulation. ” (Then again, so would enrolling him at Sidwell Friends.) It didn’t matter! Sending little boys back to communist dictatorships was the policy of the Clinton administration. The Obama administration’s immigration policy was to ensure that millions of   foreigners would come here and help turn our country into a Mexican version of Pakistan. When Arizona merely tried to enforce the federal immigration laws being ignored by the Obama administration, the entire media erupted in rage at this incursion into the majestic power of the president over immigration. They said it was like living in Nazi Germany! The most reviled section of the act, melodramatically called the “Papers Please” law, was upheld by the Supreme Court. But the other parts, allowing state officials to enforce federal immigration laws, were ruled unconstitutional. A president’s policy choice to ignore immigration laws supersedes a state’s right to enforce them. The court conceded that hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens were arrested in Arizona each year, that they were responsible for “a disproportionate share of serious crime,” and that illegals constituted nearly 6 percent of Arizona’s population. But Arizona was powerless to enforce laws on the books  —   if those laws happened to be about immigration. The president’s authority over immigration is absolute and exclusive, as part of his authority over foreign policy. To review:  —   When the president’s immigration policy is to promote international communism: The president wins.  —   When the president’s immigration policy is to transform America into a different country: The president wins.  —   But when the president’s immigration policy is to protect Americans: Some   judge announces that his authority exceeds that of the president. This is exactly what I warned you about in Adios, America: The Left’s Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole. Nothing Trump does will be met with such massive resistance as his immigration policies. The left used to attack America by spying for Stalin, aiding our enemies, murdering cops and blowing up buildings. But, then liberals realized, it’s so much more effective to just do away with America altogether! Teddy Kennedy gave them their chance with the 1965 immigration act. Since then, we’ve been taking in more than a million immigrants a year, 90 percent from comically primitive cultures. They like the welfare, but have very little interest in adopting the rest of our culture. In many parts of the country, you’re already not living in America. Just a few more years, and the transformation will be complete. There will be a North American landmass known as “the United States,” but it won’t be our country. The only thing that stands between America and oblivion is a total immigration moratorium. We are well past the point of quick fixes  —   as Judge Robart’s delusional ruling proves. The judiciary, both political parties, the media, Hollywood, corporate America and approximately 1 million lobbying groups are all working frantically to bring the hardest cases to our shores.   traitors, who used to honeymoon in Cuba and fight with peasant revolutionaries in Peru, toil away, late into the night, to ensure that genocidal Rwandans can move to America and immediately start collecting food stamps, Medicaid and Social Security. No matter how clearly laws are written, government bureaucrats connive to import people from countries that a majority of Americans would not want to visit, much less become. Federal judges issue lunatic rulings to ensure that there will never be a pause in the transformation of America. Congress could write laws requiring immigrants to pay taxes, learn English, forgo welfare and have good moral character. It could write laws giving the president authority to exclude aliens in the public interest. Except it already has. Those laws were swept away by INS officials, federal judges and Democratic administrations  —   under ferocious pressure from     groups. The country will not be safe until the following outfits are out of business: The ACLU’s Immigrants’ Rights Project the National Immigration Forum the National Immigration Law Center the National Immigration Project of the National Lawyers Guild the National Network for Immigrant and Refugee Rights the Office of Migration and Refugee Services the American Immigration Law Foundation the American Immigration Lawyers Association the Border Information and Outreach Service Atlas: DIY the Catholic Legal Immigration Network the Clearinghouse for Immigrant Education the Farmworker Justice Fund Grantmakers Concerned with Immigrants and Refugees the Immigrant Legal Resource Center the International Center for Migration, Ethnicity and Citizenship the Lesbian and Gay Immigration Rights Task Force the Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service the National Association for Bilingual Education the National Clearinghouse on Agricultural Guest Worker Issues the National Coalition for Dignity and Amnesty for Undocumented Immigrants the National Coalition for Haitian Rights the National Council of La Raza and the National Farm Worker Ministry. And that’s only a small fraction of the   immigration groups assiduously dragging the Third World to our shores  —   while you were busy working. Look at that list  —   look at Judge Robart’s ruling!  —   and ask yourself: Is it possible that anything short of a total immigration moratorium can save this country? Only when there is no immigration to bellyache about will these nuts be forced to think of a new way to destroy America.",0
6475,Iraqi forces retake new district in Mosul as house to house search for militants intensifies,"Trump rape accuser skips press conference, citing threats ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board Iraqi forces retake new district in Mosul as house to house search for militants intensifies By GPD on November 4, 2016 
Army officials said the new military gains in Samaha will “ensure security” for the larger district of Gogjali whose residents have partly fled to Kurdish controlled Khazir overnight. 
By Rudaw 
GOGJALI, Mosul– Iraqi special forces have cleared a second neighborhood of ISIS militants in the eastern outskirts of Mosul city after they retook control of nearby Gogjali district Wednesday. 
Military commanders told Rudaw the house to house search will continue in both Gogjali and Samaha districts for remaining militants in the area, asking residents to stay indoors. 
Army officials said the new military gains in Samaha will “ensure security” for the larger district of Gogjali whose residents have partly fled to Kurdish controlled Khazir overnight. 
“We still are afraid of Daesh,” said a female Kurdish resident of Gogjali in burqa outfit telling Rudaw that the head to toe black dress was compulsory under ISIS rule. 
Rudaw correspondent Hardi Muhammad who is travelling with the Iraqi Special Forces inside Mosul said that the distance between army units and ISIS positions in the neighborhood is less than 300 meters. 
“We still hear sporadic gunfire around Gogjali district but it’s unclear what is exactly taking place here,” said Muhammad. 
Major General Maadan Saadi, commander of the Second Golden Brigade told Rudaw they still need additional information about militants in the city and urged residents to inform the army units of possible ISIS positions. 
“We have been carrying out searches today in the connecting roads between Gogjali and surrounding areas, we also question the locals about them which our forces need,” said General Saadi. 
The army is particularly concerned with booby trapped houses and landmines planted by the militants that have recently killed dozens of anti-ISIS Shiite militia elsewhere near Mosul. 
At least 15 Hashd-al Shaabi militants were killed and dozens more were severely wounded on Tuesday when the Shiite militia entered several liberated villages near the township of Tal Afar in Nineveh Plains. 
Rudaw correspondent Shady Rasoul who is in Khazir refugee camp north of Mosul said at least 5,000 refugees had fled Gogjali over the past two days and taken shelter in the Kurdish controlled camp. 
She said the camp now hosted over 7000 displaced people but the number was most likely to grow. 
“It’s difficult to know exactly how many will seek refuge here but we estimate that around 100,000 people will likely leave Mosul for camps in Dohuk province,” visiting Iraqi Migration Minister Darbaz Muhammad told Rudaw’s Shady Rasoul in Khazir refugee camp. 
Many of the residents have left their homes because of “indiscriminate ISIS shelling” according to Rasoul who had interviewed several fleeing families. Related Posts: New World Order, Weiner and Revelation The   GPD   20 Reads Filed under Military  ",0
6476,These New Solar Panels Use Sunlight to Create Clean Drinking Water from the Air,"By Christina Sarich
Jordan — You’ve already heard of solar panels that can sustainably provide energy, but what about an ultra-high tech solar panel that can provide doubly-pure, twice distilled water for a family of four, out of thin air?
A new start up company called Zero Mass Water that won’t rely on outdated municipal water with decaying pipes full of lead to deliver water to the ‘middle billion’ and under-served people lacking clean drinking water in the world. It will create it with solar panels and a technology that capitalizes on moisture in the air.
The company’s tag line is ‘drinking water democratized,’ and it certainly seems to stand for the exact opposite world view of, say, Nestle , which has been stealing water from people and San Bernardino National Forest reserves and then selling it back to people in plastic water bottles. Zero Mass Water can deliver clean water to people in the poorest nations, with no need for piping or complicated water plants. The solar panel itself is smaller than a traditional air conditioner and can be placed in remote areas with ease.
The United Nations claims that more than 783 million people currently lack clean drinking water and more than 6 million people die annually from water-borne disease. They also claim that, with population growth, we can expect a 50 percent increase in water demand; but they haven’t accounted for simple technologies which can make use of millions of gallons of water using clean, sustainable, and even simple technologies. The demand for water could also easily be met by practicing better water harvesting, catchment, and filtering.
Zero Mass Water joins other breakthrough technologies like the “Drinkable Book” and experimental wastewater filters , which are trying to bring water to every corner of the world.
A blog post from Duke Energy, a partner in Zero Mass’s project claims the water purification system doesn’t need an outside source of energy, so it can be placed were infrastructure is damaged or non-existent.
At a recent installation in the coastal city of Guayaquil, Ecuador, a medical clinic was able to enjoy clean water for the first time without having to haul it in with trucks — an expensive endeavor. Though it rains frequently in Ecuador, there is little potable water .
The project has targeted an even larger area for humanitarian aid — water-generating solar panels are being placed in Jordan. The company claims the panels will help Syrian refugees in the country, possibly aiding 200,000 people, who currently have no access to clean drinking water.
If Zero Mass Water is successful in a war-torn area, their solar panels might also be perfect for the 5,300 cities across the U.S. who have been drinking lead-contaminated water due to crumbling infrastructure and a political elite who have been unwilling to replace old pipes with new ones, along with expensive water filters on municipal supplies.
When the sun can bring you energy, and drinking water, there is little need for poverty, ill-health, and reliance upon aging government and corporate structures . This invention truly could democratize water for the planet.
This article ( These New Solar Panels Use Sunlight to Create Clean Drinking Water from the Air ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Christina Sarich and UndergroundReporter.org . If you spot a typo, please email the error and the name of the article to undergroundreporter2016@gmail.com . Image credit: Pexels . 
",0
6477,Trump Promises ‘New Deal for Black America’,"Trump Promises ‘New Deal for Black America’ Ben Kamisar, The Hill, October 26, 2016 
Donald Trump called for a “new deal for black America” in a Wednesday afternoon address as he works to bridge the gap he faces with the crucial voting bloc less than two weeks from Election Day. 
Speaking in Charlotte, N.C., the GOP presidential nominee criticized years of Democratic rule for leaving black America behind and outlined his plan to help. 
My “deal is grounded in three promises: safe communities, great education and high-paying jobs,” Trump said, speaking off what appeared to be scripted remarks 
“Whether you vote for me or not, I will be your greatest champion. We live in a very divided country, and I will be your greatest champion.” 
{snip} 
“African-American citizens have sacrificed so much for our nation. They fought and died in every war since the Revolution and from the pews and the picket lines, they’ve lifted up the conscience of our country in the long march for civil rights. Yet too many African-Americans have been left behind.” 
Trump called for incentives to move companies into blighted neighborhoods to bolster employment, help African-Americans get better access to credit and push cities to declare “blighted communities” disaster areas to help rebuild infrastructure. 
He also said he’d support increasing the number of police officers in such areas, connecting a lack of officers to a rise in murder rate in major cities. 
But while Trump’s call focused on removing “gang members and criminal cartels,” he blamed Clinton for promoting a “war on police.” He did not mention the accusations of police brutality by minorities who feel that they are disproportionately targeted. 
{snip}",0
6478,"Burying Their Cattle, Ranchers Call Wildfires ‘Our Hurricane Katrina’ - The New York Times","ASHLAND, Kan.  —   Death comes with raising cattle: coyotes, blizzards and the inevitable trip to the slaughterhouse and dinner plate. But after 30 years of ranching, Mark and Mary Kaltenbach were not ready for what met them after a wildfire charred their land and more than one million acres of   range this month. Dozens of their Angus cows lay dead on the blackened ground, hooves jutting in the air. Others staggered around like broken toys, unable to see or breathe, their black fur and dark eyes burned, plastic identification tags melted to their ears. Young calves lay dying. Ranching families across this countryside are now facing an existential threat to a way of life that has sustained them since homesteading days: years of cleanup and crippling losses after   wildfires across Kansas, Oklahoma and the Texas panhandle killed seven people and devoured homes, miles of fences and as much as 80 percent of some families’ cattle herds. But for many, the first job after the fire passed was loading a rifle. “We did what had to be done,” Mr. Kaltenbach, 69, said. “They’re gentle. They know us. We know them. You just thought, ‘Wow, I am sorry. ’” “You think you’re done,” he said, “and the next day you got to go shoot more. ” For decades and generations, ranching has defined people’s days. Mr. Kaltenbach would wake up at 4:30 a. m. without an alarm clock. Another family down the road, the Wilsons, checked on the cows between jobs at the hospital and the telephone company. The Wilsons invited their whole family over each spring to round up the calves, vaccinate and tag them. “It’s our life,” Mrs. Kaltenbach, 57, said. “We lost our routine. ” Beyond the toll of the fire, a frustration also crops up in conversation after conversation. Ranchers said they felt overlooked amid the tumult in Washington, and were underwhelmed by the response of a new president who had won their support in part by promising to champion America’s “forgotten men and women. ” “This is the country that elected Donald Trump,” said Garth Gardiner, driving a pickup across the   Angus beef ranch he runs with his two brothers. They lost about 500 cows in the fires. “I think he’d be doing himself a favor to come out and visit us. ” Mr. Gardiner voted for Mr. Trump, and said he just wanted to hear a presidential mention of the fires amid Mr. Trump’s tweets about the rapper Snoop Dogg, the East Coast blizzard and the rudeness of the press corps. “Two sentences would go a long way,” Mr. Gardiner said. Weeks without snow or rain and   temperatures scraping 80 degrees are threatening to create even more blazes in Western states grappling with the growing fire danger posed by climate change. Hundreds of homes were evacuated this weekend because of a wildfire that erupted in the dry hills near Boulder, Colo. By Monday, the fire was about 80 percent contained. The Kansas fires  —   the largest in state history  —   burned more than 400, 000 acres here in Clark County alone. Ten days later, Mr. Gardiner was still burying cows on his family’s ranch. One by one, an orange loader scooped them off the bare sandy soil and trundled them to a pit being dug by a backhoe. Ranchers said the cattle they had lost were worth more than the $2, 000 they could fetch at an auction. Each cow was an engine that drove their farms and finances, giving birth to new calves every year or producing embryos through artificial insemination that could be implanted into other cows. Emergency programs run by the federal Department of Agriculture  —   which is facing 21 percent cuts under Mr. Trump’s budget proposal  —   will help ranchers, up to a point. One provides up to $200, 000 per rancher for replacing burned fences. Another offers up to $125, 000 for livestock losses. In response to the fires, the department is planning on Tuesday to announce $6 million in aid to affected farmers and ranchers to help restore their land, water and fences. But at about $10, 000 per mile, Mr. Gardiner said, new fencing alone may cost his ranch about $2 million. His total losses could reach $5 million to $10 million. Like many ranchers out here, he had insurance on his home and equipment, but said insuring so many livestock and so much fence was impossibly expensive. “We’re not asking for freebies here,” he said. “We’re going to work our tails off to get this thing rebuilt. We’re going to get the blisters on our hands and roll up our sleeves and do the labor. ” He added, “We could use a little help. ” Aaron Sawyers, an agriculture extension agent with Kansas State University, got so upset with the delays in and strings attached to getting relief, and what he called a lackluster response from Washington, that he wrote a Facebook post on Tuesday urging friends to barrage lawmakers to loosen up government money for ranchers to replace fences and rebuild their devastated herds. “This is our Hurricane Katrina,” Mr. Sawyers said. The political response to the fires convinced him that Washington, even with an administration supported by 83 percent of Clark County voters in the election, was still “out of touch and didn’t care about us. ” “None of them are worth a damn, Republicans or Democrats,” he said. The governors of Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas have declared emergencies, and members of Congress from the affected states have toured the damaged area and promised help. In Kansas, Gov. Sam Brownback’s office said that officials were adding up losses to request a presidential disaster declaration. But help did arrive. Thousands of donated hay bales, to feed surviving animals bereft of their grasslands, have been rolling into town on the backs of  . Firefighters arrived from Colorado to help contain and extinguish the blaze. Farming and ranching groups from across the Great Plains sent skeins of fence wire and new metal posts to drive three feet into the soil. Members of   clubs and National FFA Organization chapters drove down to help with the cleanup, sleeping in guest bedrooms and on   floors around the towns of Ashland, Meade and Protection. “We don’t like to receive,” said Kendal Kay, the mayor of Ashland and president of a community bank here. “It’s a time we’re realizing we need to receive. ” Mary Kaltenbach, 57, said she was not a hugger, but had been embracing neighbors for much of the past week. “You just do it,” she said. In all, the Kaltenbachs lost 130 cows and about 70 calves. About a dozen of their heifers  —   younger females  —   are now penned in just behind their house, which was spared, near the scorched foundations of two barns that did burn. One evening, the couple grabbed a bucket of feed pellets to check on them. Most romped to eat, but two smaller black cows hung back behind a gate, hobbling forward. “Feet hurt,” Mrs. Kaltenbach said grimly of one. “She’s not going to work. ” About seven miles east, the house that Matt Wilson’s forebears built when they homesteaded in 1884 had withstood financial panics, droughts, the Dust Bowl and other fires, but it burned to ashes in the wildfires. His family also lost eight cows and calves, part of a small herd of about 100 that the family raises in addition to holding   jobs. The newer house where the Wilsons and their six children lived also was destroyed. But they managed to save 1890s photographs of Mr. Wilson’s  : standing in front of the original house, atop a horse on an empty plain, at a county rodeo. They are planning to rebuild and keep ranching. By way of explanation, Mr. Wilson pointed to the photos: “They didn’t start with much. ”",0
6479,Senate Confirms Trump Air Force Secretary Pick Heather Wilson - Breitbart,"WASHINGTON  —   The Senate voted Monday   to confirm President Trump’s Air Force Secretary pick Heather Wilson, making her the first military service secretary in the Trump administration to be confirmed, and the first Air Force Academy graduate in that position. [Wilson, 56, takes the reigns as Trump looks to rebuild the military and lower the costs of expensive weapons systems such as the   Joint Strike Fighter. The service is also facing a challenging pilot shortage of 800 pilots.  Wilson has been the president of the South Dakota School of Mines and Technology, an engineering and science university, since 2013. She served as a congresswoman representing New Mexico from 1998 to 2009, serving as a senior member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee and on the House Armed Service Committee. Wilson graduated from the Air Force Academy in 1982 and was in its third class to include women. She served until 1989, including in Europe during the Cold War. She earned masters and doctoral degrees as a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University in England and served on the National Security Council Staff under President George H. W. Bush. Wilson, an   private pilot, is married to attorney and retired Air Force Col. Jay Hone, and they have three adult children. The Senate Armed Services Committee voted   in support of her nomination after her confirmation hearing on March 30. “Heather Wilson is going to make an outstanding Secretary of the Air Force,” Trump said in a statement announcing her nomination. “Her distinguished military service, high level of knowledge, and success in so many different fields gives me great confidence that she will lead our nation’s Air Force with the greatest competence and integrity. ” Wilson is now the Pentagon’s second   political appointment in the Trump administration. Defense Secretary James Mattis was the first. There are now 55 more such positions to be filled.",0
6480,Paris Turns to Flower-Growing Toilet to Fight Public Urination - The New York Times,"In cities the world over, men (and, to a lesser extent, women) who urinate in the street  —   al fresco  —   are a scourge of urban life, costing millions of dollars for cleaning and the repair of damage to public infrastructure. And, oh, the stench. Now, Paris has a new weapon against what the French call “les pipis sauvages” or “wild peeing”: a sleek and   public toilet. Befitting the country of Matisse, the urinal looks more like a modernist flower box than a receptacle for human waste. You can even grow flowers in its compost. The Parisian innovation was spurred by a problem of public urination so endemic that City Hall recently proposed dispatching a nearly   “incivility brigade” of   officers to try to prevent bad behavior, which also includes leaving dog waste on the street and littering cigarette butts. Fines for public urination are steep  —   about $75. Even that was not deterrent enough, officials say. A small brigade of sanitation workers still has to scrub about 1, 800 miles of sidewalk each day. And dozens of surfaces are splattered by urine, according to City Hall. Enter the boxy Uritrottoir  —   a combination of the French words for “urinal” and “pavement”  —   which has grabbed headlines and has already been lauded as a “friend of flowers” by Le Figaro, the French newspaper, because it produces compost that can be used for fertilizer. Designed by Faltazi, a   industrial design firm, its top section also doubles as an attractive flower or plant holder. The Uritrottoir, which has   paint and does not use water, works by storing urine on a bed of dry straw, sawdust or wood chips. Monitored remotely by a “urine attendant” who can see on a computer when the toilet is full, the urine and straw is carted away to the outskirts of Paris, where it is turned into compost that can later be used in public gardens or parks. Fabien Esculier, an engineer who is known in the French media as “Monsieur Pipi” because of his expertise on the subject, said the Uritrottoir was more   than the dozens of existing public toilets which dot the capital and are connected to the public sewage system. “Its greatest virtue is that it doesn’t use water, and produces compost that can be used for public gardens and parks,” he said. So far, Paris’s Gare de Lyon, a railway station that has become ground zero in the capital’s war against public urination, has ordered two of the toilets, which were installed on Tuesday outside the station, and the SNCF, France’s   national railway, says it plans to roll out more across the capital if the Uritrottoir is a success. “I am optimistic it will work,” said Maxime Bourette, the SNCF maintenance official who ordered the toilets for the railway. “Everyone is tired of the mess. ” He said it remained to be seen whether the toilets were cost effective  —   he said the SNCF paid about $9, 730 for two, while it would cost about $865 a month to pay a sanitation worker to clean the toilets and take away the waste. A designer of the Uritrottoir, Laurent Lebot, 45, an industrial engineer who has also invented an   vacuum cleaner, said Nantes, in western France, had ordered three for the spring. He had also had inquiries from local councils in Cannes, France Lausanne, Switzerland London and Saarbrücken, Germany. A large model can handle the outflow of 600 people a smaller model absorbs 300 trips to the toilet. “Public urination is a huge problem in France,” Mr. Lebot said. “Beyond the terrible smell, urine degrades lamp posts and telephone poles, damages cars, pollutes the Seine and undermines everyday life of a city. Cleaning up wastes water, and detergents are damaging for the environment. ” France is far from alone in combating public urination. In San Francisco, a street lamp whose base was damaged by urine recently collapsed, almost injuring a driver. The city has since installed public urinals adorned by plants. New York has also long suffered from drunken urinating revelers, but the City Council recently downgraded the offense, along with littering and excessive noise, as part of its effort to divert minor offenders from its already overstretched court system. Nevertheless, offenders face a fine of $350 to $450 if they commit a third offense within a year. In Chester, northwest England, the local government has clamped down on public urination amid concerns it was damaging the city’s medieval covered walkways. In France, the acrid smell of urine has been a particular blight on the nation’s capital stretching back centuries, and Mr. Lebot noted that the carbon of the straw had the added benefit of combating the odor of urine. His next challenge, he added, was to design an aesthetically pleasing public toilet that women could use. Among the steepest fines for an act of public urination  —   about $37, 500  —   was meted out to Pierre Pinoncelli, a French citizen who urinated on the artist Marcel Duchamp’s Dadaist porcelain urinal “Fountain” in 1993  —   considered a masterpiece of conceptual art  —   before hitting it with a hammer. In 2006, he was fined about $230, 000 after he attacked the artwork a second time.",0
6481,Is De-industrialization a “Natural Phenomenon” of Developed Economies?,"Is De-industrialization a “Natural Phenomenon” of Developed Economies? Increasing real revenues affect people’s lifestyle choices Jörg Guido Hülsmann | Mises.org   
Let me first state my position and then add a few arguments to back it up. 
Economic growth typically entails a re-allocation of labor away from industrial production, but it does not all by itself lead to falling industrial output. The decline of industrial production in the US and France in the past thirty years is to some extent due to capital exports, but especially to government interventionism in the form of mushrooming labor, business and financial regulations, education policies, social security funding, and taxation. This decline cannot be stopped through more interventions, even if they are designed with the good intention to reindustrialize the country. 
Now let me offer a few considerations in support of these contentions. 
The reallocation of labor in a growing economy results most notably from capital accumulation and from changing preferences of the working-age population. Further investments and extensions of the existing structure of production make it necessary to spend more time devising new methods, preparing industrial activity, coordinating and monitoring supply chains. Low-quality blue-collar labor diminishes, whereas there is some increase in high-quality blue-collars, but especially an increase in white-collars working in and around the supply chains. 
Increasing real revenues affect people’s lifestyle choices. Rather than laboring long hours that provide essentially a monetary reward, they increasingly prefer enjoyable activities that provide immediate psychological and emotional rewards. Thus the blossoming of artistic, intellectual, and scientific activities in developed countries, at the expense of traditional industrial pursuits. 
As a natural consequence of economic growth, therefore, industrial production declines relative to what it could be if it attracted even more people. But this does neither imply a shrinking physical industrial output, nor does it imply shrinking industrial revenues. Capital accumulation and technological progress make it possible that industry thrives even when less people have industrial employment. Germany provides an example. 
In the past thirty years, western capitalists have invested large amounts of capital in formerly communist countries of the East and Far East. This reallocation of capital, though beneficial from the overall point of view of the world economy, has been detrimental in the short-run to the industrial development of those western countries where the capital would otherwise have been used. 
But capital investments in countries such as France and the US have declined even more as a result of mushrooming government interventions. Welfare checks diminish the incentive to accept low-paying and non-gratifying industrial jobs. Massive subsidies for secondary and higher education artificially prolong schooling; reduce the supply of qualified manual labor; and create an artificial bias among the working-age population for scientific, intellectual, and artistic activities. Panoply of regulations have, on the one hand, increased the costs of doing business and, on the other hand, stimulated rent-seeking and manifold forms of evasion and regulatory arbitrage. Today they are feeding entire armies of lawyers, accountants, auditors, and financial advisors, all at the expense of ordinary business. 
These tendencies cannot be stopped through so-called reindustrialization policies, which boil down to even more government spending, premised on the spurious notion that irresponsible (and often also inexperienced) politicians know best how to use the available scarce resources. Such policies have utterly failed in the past (Airbus included), and will fail in the future. Genuine reindustrialization requires more oxygen for industry. It requires nothing less than a rollback of the artificial obstacles for industrial development that government interventions have created in past generations.  ",0
6482,Comment on WHITE HOUSE EXECUTIVE CHEF REVEALS OBAMA’S FAVORITE FILIPINO FOODS by Eligio Abellera,"adobochron 3 Comments Comerford 
Washington, D.C. (The Adobo Chronicles) – It is common knowledge that Ronald Reagan loved mac n’cheese. Bill Clinton, before his heart bypass, indulged in jalapeño cheeseburgers. How about Barack Obama? 
In an exclusive interview with White House executive chef Cristeta Comerford, she indicated that Obama does not have one particular favorite food. “But he loves Filipino cuisine,” she said. 
Comerford, a Filipino American, has so far served as executive chef under three U.S. Presidents – George W. Bush, Clinton and Obama. She is the first woman and the first of Asian descent who has served as White House executive chef. Halo-Halo 
“There are so many Filipino foods that the president likes, but on top of his list is halo-halo, the Filipino version of the Hawaiian shaved ice,” Comerford said. Asked to name the top ten Filipino foods fancied by Obama, Comerford gave us the following list: 
1. Halo-Halo (shaved ice) 
2. Dinuguan (pork blood stew) 
3. Balut (duck embryo) 
5. Kinilaw na Kambing (ceviche-style goat meat) 
6. Tocino (sweet cured pork) 
7. Laing (spicy taro leaves) 
8. Pinakbet (Filipino version of ratatouille) 
9. Crispy Pata (Deep-fried pork knuckles) 
10. Kare-Kare (Tripe and vegetables in peanut sauce) 
Asked how often Filipino food is served to the Obamas, Comerford, with a wink in her eye, said, “That’s classified information!” Rate this:",0
6483,Travel: Conor McGregor’s Guide To New York,"AHEAD of his much anticipated title fight against Eddie Alvarez, Conor McGregor took some time out of his busy schedule to relax and give the readers of WWN his guide of New York. 
Pound for pound the best city in the world. It’s box office baby. 
The 9/11 memorial was sad, but not as sad as Alvarez will be when I crash land a jumbo left hook in the seemingly structurally sound facade of a face. He will come crashing down. It will be an inside job, because he prepares like a chump. 
My focus remains on the battle ahead in Madison Square Gardens but I was thrown off my preparation when I learned there is no garden. It’s just a big fuck off arena forged out of metal for the fighting God. I would say Gods, but there is only one, me, Notorious. 
I had anticipated doing my movement training with grass beneath my feet, so I headed to Central Park. It ain’t got a patch on Phoenix Park. I wouldn’t be the fighter I am today without Dublin’s back garden. Chasing the deer as a nipper helped me hone my quickness, my agility. 
I studied the deer and the stag; their movements. So don’t be surprised if I enter the octagon with four hooves and antlers. I will do anything, all it takes to win. Anyway, back to the tour, I hear they filmed some Sex and the City shit in Central Park. 
No Sex in the City for Alvarez, though. He couldn’t score in a brothel above Coppers with 20gs in his pocket. What I am saying is that my opponent is challenged in the face department. His head is like a melted lasagne left out in the sun for weeks. Not even Donald Trump would grab him by the pussy. 
Speaking of that Fanta headed prick, I’m not in his weight class ‘cus I’m not obese, but I’ll knock him out all the same. I’ll be worth more than him by the end of 205 too. Where’s my Hollywood star, fuck it, I’ll take the whole Walk. 
But, back to the tour – it would be interesting to note, the actors in Sex in the City are not as rich as me. Chumps. 
When you tour around New York, be warned, people will ask you for endless selfies if you are famous as I am. I love the fans, but obviously when in camp, you’ve got to watch what you’re eating, it can make you a little tetchy, so while reducing my food intake ahead of the weigh in, I like to reduce my selfie intake too. Running from overweight Americans barely counts for cardio, but you’ve gotta take every chance to gain the edge over your opponent. 
I was told to try the New York pizza, but can’t do that until after my victory, in the mean time I might use it to throw around at the pre-fight press conference. A scalding hot slice slapping Eddie in the face might improve his chances with the ladies. 
Peace out. I’ve off to chuck a few euro off the top of the Empire State building to let off some steam.",0
6484,"’Fake News’: BBC, AFP, Google, Facebook Collude to Tell Voters ’Who to Trust’ in French Election","Google and Facebook will be working with the mainstream media to tell voters “what and who to trust” including “memes, comment threads and news sites” in the lead up to the French elections. [The two Tech giants, who have been accused of a “liberal bias” will set up the “coalition news verification project” with 37 French and international media outlets including the BBC, AFP (Agence  ) and BuzzFeed News.  On an official blog post, Google claimed “CrowdTangle” had been set up “with a goal of helping the French electorate make sense of what and who to trust in their social media feeds, web searches and general online news consumption in the coming months  …    ” The first round of the French presidential election is due to be held in April, and polls suggest right wing populist Marine Le Pen could come out on top. Following the January election of Donald J. Trump as U. S. president  —   another right wing populist challenging the establishment  —   many liberal media outlets claimed voters had been tricked by   “fake news” and the result could be discredited. “With combined expertise from across media and technology, CrossCheck aims to ensure hoaxes, rumours and false claims are swiftly debunked, and misleading or confusing stories are accurately reported,” Google said. “With the French presidential election approaching, journalists from across France and beyond will work together to find and verify content circulating publicly online, whether it is photographs, videos, memes, comment threads and news sites. ” The public will be encouraged to submit questions and links to news and social media content they wish to see investigated. The questions will then be listed alongside answers on the CrossCheck website, Google explained via its News Lab arm. “Each participating newsroom will contribute their own experience, resources and regional knowledge to speed and strengthen the verification process, and to ensure that accurate reports reach citizens across the country and beyond,” the website adds.  In August 2016, Facebook fired its entire Trending News team, formerly responsible for curating the platform’s “Trending News” list, after Breitbart News and others reported accusations of progressive, liberal biases. At the beginning of this year, Facebook launched their own features in Germany to counter fake news after authorities had claimed such stories could help populists in this year’s elections and threatened to sue unless unfavourable content was deleted quickly. The social media site has been working with the European Union (EU) since December 2016 to censor “hate speech” as well as help authorities “criminalise” “individual perpetrators” and “promot[e] independent  ” that the EU favours. National governments are also interested in influencing online content. German officials have proposed creating a special government unit to combat fake news and the UK parliament is set to launch an inquiry this year, claiming the phenomenon is undermining democracy. After the U. S. election, the left wing website Buzzfeed claimed that, overall, fake news accounted for 10. 6 million of the 21. 5 million shares, reactions, and comments on U. S. political stories on Facebook last year. However, President Donald. J. Trump accused Buzzfeed of being “fake news” after the website published lurid and unsubstantiated claims about the then  . Despite publishing allegedly fake news, BuzzFeed is part of the CrossCheck project with Google and Facebook.",0
6485,Hillary and Bill Clinton: The «Bonnie and Clyde» of American Politics,"Wayne MADSEN | 03.11.2016 | WORLD Hillary and Bill Clinton: The «Bonnie and Clyde» of American Politics Whether the information originated from hacked e-mails and computer files or Freedom of Information Act requests, the revelations about the political and business activities of Hillary and Bill Clinton and their cronies hearken back to another era, the Great Depression of the 1930s and the crime spree of another unscrupulous couple: bank robbery desperados Bonnie and Clyde. Aside from Hillary Clinton running her own lucrative «off-the-books» foreign policy via her private email servers and e-mail chain of associates and flunkies, it was her and her husband’s joint Clinton Foundation and Teneo Capital operations that scream out the word «corruption.» The servers were merely a mechanism by which the Clintons ran their own «pay-to-play» racketeering operation, something that would have been the envy of a contemporary of Bonnie and Clyde, Chicago crime boss Al Capone. Teneo, which runs a hedge fund operation and a «private intelligence» service jam-packed with former Central Intelligence Agency operatives, is where Mrs. Clinton’s «gal pal» and aide Huma Abedin worked simultaneously to her government employment with the State Department. The Federal Bureau of Investigation’s probe of 650,000 emails found on the laptop computer of disgraced former New York Democratic Representative Anthony Weiner, the estranged husband of Abedin, is but the proverbial tip of the iceberg. While FBI agents pore through Abedin’s emails that were discovered on the laptop and looking Mrs. Clinton’s emails that were either not destroyed by her aides or which were never accounted for, the real story is the FBI’s investigation of the Clinton Foundation and Teneo. Five FBI field offices are investigating the racketeering of the foundation and the foreign connections of Teneo. The offices include New York; Los Angeles; Washington, D.C.; Little Rock, Arkansas; and Miami. Little Rock is the home of the Clinton Foundation, while New York is the home base of Teneo. The addition of the Miami field office to the Clinton probe is significant. One of Teneo Intelligence’s many global offices is located in Bogota, Colombia. A secretive Colombian private equity fund, «Fondo Acceso», financed by Mexican mega-billionaire Carlos Slim and Canadian mining magnate Frank Giustra, is run out of the Clinton Foundation’s Bogota office. Tracking the money being fed into the Clinton Foundation may include proceeds from the illegal narcotics traffic in Colombia and other nearby countries. The Bogota activities of the Clinton Foundation, «Fondo Acceso», which ironically means «Access Fund», and Teneo appear to be concentrated in the Chico Business Park in the Colombian capital. Therefore, the involvement of the Miami office, in investigating Clinton Foundation funding, including the major donations from Slim and Giustra, makes a world of sense. Teneo was co-founded by longtime Bill Clinton associate Doug Band, who served in Clinton’s White House Counsel’s Office and later as Clinton’s chief aide in the Clinton Foundation and its associated Clinton Global Initiative. Band’s brother is Bill Clinton’s medical doctor who accompanies the ex-president on foreign trips. Doug Band was the point person who lobbied the incoming Barack Obama administration in 2008 to appoint Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State. Mrs. Clinton’s tenure at State ensured that there was little separation between her department, the Clinton Foundation and Global Initiative, and Teneo. Abedin served as Mrs. Clinton’s «transition team» leader as the Secretary of State left the department to launch her presidential candidacy after the November 2012 election. From that time on, Mrs. Clinton, Abedin, Doug Band, Clinton’s campaign chief John Podesta, and others engaged in an email flurry to 1) ensure that the files in the private servers were either scrubbed or sanitized; 2) to officially sever all links between them and the Clinton Foundation and Teneo; and 3) to paint a picture for the public that all was well and legal with Mrs. Clinton’s term as America’s chief foreign policy executive. Unfortunately, the entire Clinton team has been exposed with the publication of emails from Mrs. Clinton’s swearing in as Secretary of State in 2009 to after she launched her campaign for the White House in 2013. The picture painted by the emails is one of modern-day gangsters milking everything they possibly could out of supposed public service. The FBI’s New York field office is also likely looking at Teneo’s dealings with other Clinton allies. It was Teneo that advised former New Jersey Democratic Governor Jon Corzine's MF Global investment firm as it was collapsing amid charges of major fraud by Corzine, a Clinton loyalist. It is also known as Mrs. Clinton communicated with President Obama over her private server and that Obama used a pseudonym. Obama lied to the American people when he stated that he first learned of the existence of Mrs. Clinton’s server from news media reports. There is little wonder why Obama has refused to condemn FBI director James Comey for re-launching his probe of the Clinton emails, based on the discovery of the additional traffic on Weiner’s laptop. Presidents who dug themselves deep into scandals by lying about «what they knew and when they knew it» helped sink the administration of Richard Nixon and almost cost Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton their presidencies. Obama was wise not to interfere in the FBI’s many criminal cases now building up like a tidal wave against Mrs. Clinton. The many Clinton scandals also involve the illegal shipment of U.S.- and foreign-manufactured weapons to jihadist rebels in Libya and Syria against U.S. law. When Clinton and Abedin oversaw the jihadist rebellions in both countries, the U.S. was subject to imposing a United Nations arms embargo directed against both civil war theaters. The sudden decision on October 5, 2016, by the Justice Department to drop all charges against the State Department-licensed Turi Defense Group of Arizona and its owner, Marc Turi, for violating U.S. law by shipping unregistered weapons to Libyan rebels, some of which were transferred to Syrian rebels by the CIA station in Benghazi, indicates that Attorney General Loretta Lynch wanted the Turi case to disappear before the November 8th election. The federal trial of Turi and his company was due to begin on November 8th. The indictment of Turi was brought in the U.S. Court for the District of Arizona in Phoenix. Phoenix's Sky Harbor International Airport was the scene of an impromptu and highly-questionable tarmac meeting between Bill Clinton and Attorney General Lynch on June 27, 2016. Turi claims that approval for the secret weapons shipments to Libya and onward to Syria were personally approved by Mrs. Clinton and had a green light from the CIA. Any new email or other evidence that Mrs. Clinton authorized illegal weapons shipments to jihadist terrorists would have required the FBI to broaden its investigation of both Hillary and Bill Clinton, as well as Lynch. Mrs. Clinton may have violated federal law by permitting the shipment of weapons to belligerent parties in Libya and Syria; Mr. Clinton may have obstructed justice in talking to the Attorney General; and Lynch may have violated her oath of office in misusing her position as the nation’s chief law enforcement officer in furtherance of a criminal conspiracy to obstruct justice. The Clinton scandal, in many ways, resembles the Iran-Contra episode more than it does Watergate. In Watergate, the cover-up by Nixon and his cronies, in many respects, was worse than the original crimes. In Iran-Contra, the arms and drugs smuggling crimes were equal to the cover-up, including the criminal role of then-Vice President George H. W. Bush in the entire affair. With the Clintons’ «E-mailgate», shipping U.S. weapons to terrorists and accepting foreign campaign donations from dodgy regimes in Saudi Arabia, Morocco, and Qatar are every bit as bad as the obvious ensuing cover-up by Hillary Clinton and her and her husband's cronies. If these many cases are what the FBI and its offices in Washington, New York, Little Rock, Los Angeles, Miami, and possibly Phoenix, are now looking at, the FBI director had every right and a constitutional responsibility to inform Congress and the voting public. And FBI director Comey has every right not to tip off to the Clinton gang what he and the bureau may have on them, evidence demanded now by Mrs. Clinton and her supporters. This evidence may become material to the impeachment of Mrs. Clinton from the office of president of the United States should she be elected on November 8 th . ",0
6486,WCD Ministry to reward married men who select “What is your anniversary date?” as security question,"WCD Ministry to reward married men who select “What is your anniversary date?” as security question Posted on Tweet 
The Ministry of Women and Child Development, headed by Maneka Gandhi has announced a new bravery award for married Indian men who select “What is your anniversary date?” as a security question during their registration process with any website online. 
“The idea is to encourage married men across the country to remember their wedding anniversaries correctly and well. This, in turn, will prevent unwanted acrimony in families in India and foster better husband-wife relationships. The number of married Indian men who remember their wedding anniversaries is abysmal and this is an earnest effort to improve the rate. Even today, lakhs of Indian married men who sign up for anything online and create an account anywhere usually choose ‘What is your first pet’s name?’, or ‘When is your birthday?’, or ‘Which is your favorite car?’ as their security question,” WCD Minister Maneka Gandhi told The UnReal Times . 
“Hardly anyone ever chooses ‘What is your anniversary date?’ as a security question, simply because there have been people who have forgotten their passwords and not only have they been unable to retrieve their accounts due to inability to answer the security question correctly, but they have also been unable to retrieve access to their own households, due to highly miffed wives. We do not want to further penalize those who forget their anniversaries as they would already be in deep shit, so we’re trying to change this the positive way – by honoring those few who do. We hope the number of men who do remember the anniversaries grows due to this,” Gandhi added. 
The ministry’s policy, however, wasn’t without its share of initial controversy. BJP MP Varun Gandhi, who was one of the first married men to stake claim for the award, after bravely selecting the anniversary security question while registering at Patanjali’s online retail website to buy their honey bottles, has been denied an award by his mother. “I’m sorry, Varun’s case is special – anything other than honey and I would gladly give him the award. I will even overlook the fact that our women journos’ Whatsapp group was totally against Varun buying things from Patanjali, of all places, but honey is an absolute no-no,” Maneka Gandhi is reported to have said. 
Varun’s act of bravado reportedly hasn’t found favor with his better half too. “Poor Varun, he told Yamini ‘I’ll never forget our anniversary, honey!’ to which she yelled back ‘Don’t you dare say honey again!’” a WCD ministry source told The UnReal Times . Tweet About Ashwin Kumar 
1 of the proud columnists of URT, former co-editor of URT Tamil, amateur musician, Real Harris Jayaraj devotee, UnReal T. Rajendar fanatic, passionate about stopping female foeticide.",0
6487,Supreme Court Strikes Down N.C. Law Barring Sex Offenders from Social Media - Breitbart,"The U. S. Supreme Court ruled unanimously on Monday that a North Carolina statute that prevents registered sex offenders from accessing social media sites where children are known to be online violates the First Amendment. [The case, Packingham v. North Carolina, concerned a registered sex offender who posted an exuberant message on his own Facebook profile in 2010 thanking God for the fact that a court had dismissed a traffic ticket: “Man God is Good! How about I got so much favor they dismissed the ticket before court even started? No fine, no court cost, no nothing spent. . . . . . Praise be to GOD, WOW! Thanks JESUS!” He was convicted and given a suspended sentence.  The defendant appealed his conviction and sentence, and the state appellate court agreed with him that the state law was unconstitutional. The North Carolina Supreme Court, however, disagreed and upheld the law as constitutional, on the argument that it served a legitimate state interest in protecting minors, and that there were alternative sites on which sex offenders could communicate without the risk that they might gather information about minor children. The majority opinion, written by Justice Anthony Kennedy, held: “A fundamental principle of the First Amendment is that all persons have access to places where they can speak and listen, and then, after reflection, speak and listen once more. ” Social media, Kennedy wrote, is one of those places: On Facebook, for example, users can debate religion and politics with their friends and neighbors or share vacation photos. On LinkedIn, users can look for work, advertise for employees, or review tips on entrepreneurship. And on Twitter, users can petition their elected representatives and otherwise engage with them in a direct manner. While the law is “content neutral,” and therefore only subject to the standard of “intermediate scrutiny,” Kennedy wrote, it is not “narrowly tailored to serve a significant governmental interest. ” The law could theoretically bar access to newspaper websites as well, he added. The state could write a new law that was more specific in its application to the problem at hand, he suggested, such as prohibiting “contacting a minor or using a website to gather information about a minor. ” But the current law was far too broad, he said, because it “bars access to what for many are the principal sources for knowing   rent events, checking ads for employment, speaking and listening in the modern public square, and otherwise exploring the vast realms of human thought and knowledge. ” The liberal justices  —   Elena Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, Stephen Breyer, and Ruth Bader Ginsburg  —   all joined Kennedy’s opinion. The conservatives  —   minus Neil Grouch, who was appointed too late to participate  —   joined a concurring opinion, written by Justice Samuel Alito, which agreed with the majority that the North Carolina’s “extraordinary breadth” was a problem, but disagreed with what Alito called the majority’s “undisciplined” comments. Specifically, Alito argued, the Court went too far in suggesting that social media were like other public forums, which could be construed as meaning “that the States are largely powerless to restrict even the most dangerous sexual predators from visiting any internet sites. ” Alito wrote that the “fatal problem” for the law was that “its wide sweep precludes access to a large number of websites that are most unlikely to facilitate the commission of a sex crime against a child. A handful of examples illustrates this point. ” And yet, he added: But if the entirety of the internet or even just “social media” sites16 are the 21st century equivalent of public streets and parks, then States may have little ability to restrict the sites that may be visited by even the most dangerous sex offenders. May a State preclude an adult previously convicted of molesting children from visiting a dating site for teenagers? Or a site where minors communicate with each other about personal problems? The Court should be more attentive to the implications of its rhetoric for, contrary to the Court’s suggestion, there are important differences between cyberspace and the physical world. In applying the First Amendment to the Internet, Alito concluded, “we should proceed circumspectly, taking one step at a time. ” Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
6488,Netflix Ceo: TV’s Future includes Hallucination Pills,"Netflix Ceo: TV’s Future includes Hallucination Pills 10/27/2016 
INDEPENDENT 
The future of TV might everyone taking hallucinogenic drugs, according to the head of Netflix. 
The threats to the streaming TV company might not be Amazon or other streaming services, but instead “pharmacological” ways of entertaining people, Reed Hastings has said. 
And just as films and TV shows are a supposedly improved version of other entertainments, those same things might eventually become defunct, he said. In the same way that the cinema and TV screen made “the opera and the novel” much smaller, something else might be on the way to do the same thing, the Netflix boss said at a Wall Street Journal event. 
Those challenges could come from anywhere, he said. They might not be another form of screen: “Is it VR, is it gaming, is it pharmacological?” Mr Hastings asked the event. 
He went on to say that it might be possible that in the coming years someone will develop a drug that will make people get the same experiences that at the moment come from streaming services like Netflix. Apparently making reference to The Matrix, he said that we might be able to take one pill to escape into a hallucination and then another to come back. 
“In twenty or fifty years, taking a personalized blue pill you just hallucinate in an entertaining way and then a white pill brings you back to normality is perfectly viable,” Mr Hastings said. “And if the source of human entertainment in thirty or forty years is pharmacological we’ll be in real trouble.” 
His references to The Matrix – and to being in “trouble” – recall arguments that have recently been made by tech billionaires including Elon Musk and Sam Altman. Both have suggested that it might be possible that we are part of a simulated universe – something that they said might be part of a virtual reality world, but could just as easily be the result of a drug-induced hallucination. 
Mr Hastings didn’t indicate whether or not Netflix would look to make such drugs itself, or how it would fend off any companies that did. But it does sound a little like something out Black Mirror, which Netflix is showing the new season of at the moment.",0
6489,Kris Kobach: Democrats Already Attacking Election Integrity Commission,"  Kris Kobach of the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity, who is also Secretary of State for Kansas, joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Monday’s Breitbart News Daily to discuss voter fraud and border security. [“The commission is going to be about a dozen people, bipartisan, five of them current or former Secretaries of State,” Kobach said. “What it’s going to do is take a nationwide look at the problem of voter fraud. There’s a lot of debate around the subject of voter fraud, and as someone who has been Secretary of State in a state where we introduced photo ID as well as proof of citizenship, and security for   ballots  —   which is oftentimes a source of fraud or a type of fraud that occurs  —   we’re going to look at it from a nationwide perspective. ”   “I’ve amassed a lot of data at the state level in Kansas, but there really hasn’t ever been an effort by a federal entity to measure the statistics and the facts nationwide and see what the numbers look like,” he noted. Kobach recalled that Kansas and other states asked the Obama administration to provide lists of aliens on legal visas to check against voter rolls, so they could weed out ineligible voters.  “The federal government has consistently said no, under the Obama administration. Well, this commission will have the authority to maybe look at a couple of states and say, ‘okay, let’s check how many people who are registered voters in those states are also known aliens,   according to the federal government,” he said. “That’s going to be exciting, something never done before, and it will give us some sense of what the real numbers are of this problem. ” “The Social Security Administration has what’s called the ‘master death file.’ It sounds like some sort of starship from Star Wars, but the master death file is a list of people who have died. The Social Security Administration wants to track that, and of course keep Social Security Numbers rotating to people who are living. That’s a database that can be used to bump against some of the voter rolls,” he added. “Things like that, where we can just take some hard statistics and gather some numbers  —   and we’ll also be looking at anecdotal things and    prosecutions for voter fraud. It’s a big job,” Kobach said. Marlow anticipated that Kobach would encounter obstructionism from Democrats despite the bipartisan nature of his commission, because as he starkly put it, “We know that the Democrats would like to have lax voter laws and voter rules, because that allows them to cheat. ” Kobach said that after the commission was announced last week, “we did have people like Chuck Schumer coming out immediately and criticize me, and say that the commission is a waste of time. ” “My response is, ‘Senator, what are you afraid of? What are you afraid the commission is going to find, that you would attack the   of the commission ad hominem, and that you don’t want the commission to look at the evidence? ’” he said. “Look, if he’s right and voter fraud is virtually   in America, then the commission will find virtually nothing, and we will make his case for him,” Kobach argued. “I think it’s kind of curious how some of the leadership of the Democrat Party  —   and that includes Tom Perez  —   have criticized the commission, when I would think if they really are interested in the facts, they would say ‘Hey, great the commission will prove to us that voter fraud doesn’t exist.’ So yeah, it’s been interesting. ” Kobach said the Trump administration is “doing well” on immigration and border security so far, in his estimation. “I think the executive orders are what needed to be done. The vetting of people coming from parts of the world where terrorism is rampant, where ISIS or   control territory, is very problematic. I give them high marks for that,” he said. “The other thing is, they’ve sent a very clear message to the ICE agents that hey, we’re taking the rope off your hands, we’re untying your hands and letting you do your job,” he continued. “Just by doing that, just by seeing ICE agents more active and out on the field, back doing what they were supposed to do, that has sent a message to the smugglers and to the illegal aliens coming in that there is a new sheriff in town. ”  “That’s why you’re seeing the border crossing numbers plummeting,” Kobach stated. “I think that’s great. It does show what those of us who have studied and worked in the immigration field know, and that is that if you make a slight change of policy in Washington, you’ll get an immediate reaction on the border. ”  “For example, whenever the   crowd starts talking about an amnesty  —   and under President Obama, they had a president who was welcoming an amnesty  —   then immediately border crossings surged,” he recalled. “The word gets down south of the border very quickly, and people surge in, because they want to be in the country so that they can claim they were eligible for the amnesty when it happens. Similarly, the opposite is true too. If a more aggressive enforcement begins, word gets across that hey, this is going to be tougher. The price of a coyote smuggling you in is going to double or triple. That affects behavior. ”  “Those are some good marks for the administration. I think there is more they could be doing, and hopefully they will be doing it in the near future,” he said. Marlow cited some of the more vicious attacks on Kobach’s character, and asked what it was like to endure such calumny merely because he insists on border security and clean elections. “It’s not good at all,” Kobach replied. “They’ve been dragging my name through the mud for years now. I’ve become calloused to it, and it doesn’t bother me that much. But you know, it bothers my wife, my family. You don’t want your kids to read that. ” “It’s so false,” he continued. “When someone is in a debate, and they don’t have any arguments left, oftentimes on the Left they resort to ad hominem remarks. They just attack you as a person. They call you a racist, they call you a vote suppressor. They just come up with these stupid names. That’s because they don’t have any actual arguments left. I’m not surprised any more by it. It doesn’t bother me, but it’s rather tedious, and I certainly don’t like my family seeing it. ” Kobach anticipated his commission completing its work within a year, and said he would continue to work on ballot integrity and border security in the meantime. “We should see some interesting data, whatever it is, that the commission is able to present to the country. I continue to work in the area of illegal immigration as a litigator, so I’ll be working there. I think you’re going to see a lot of things happening, especially on sanctuary cities,” he said. “California has got this bill that has passed one house, it’s in the other house, to create a sanctuary state, which is just extraordinary. I think you could potentially see litigation on that. You could see litigation on a whole bunch of things,” he anticipated.  “I’ll keep fighting to keep our voter rolls clean, and to help this commission find whatever there is to find on the subject nationally. The fight to secure our borders is something that has to be done both within the administration and without. States need to help. States like Texas made a great effort to enlist state and local law enforcement, just like Arizona did a few years ago. I’ll be continuing to push for that,” Kobach promised. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
6490,Bombshell: Clinton Campaign Was Heavily Funded by Monsanto,"Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/bombshell-clinton-campaign-was-heavily.html Julian Assange's sacrificial effort to expose the vast corruption behind the Clinton Machine through his ""WikiLeaks"" releases, has done so much over the past year to change the course of both the nation and the world for the better – most notably with the recent election of outsider Donald J. Trump as America's next president-elect. But what else do these WikiLeaks releases reveal that hasn't been covered by the media, particularly with regards to food policy?A simple search for the word ""Monsanto"" in The Podesta Emails batch of leaked email documents shows that the biotechnology giant is a close friend of Hillary Clinton and her family's Clinton Foundation – big surprise, right? Dozens of emails and email chains speak about the world's most evil corporation, several discussing its many contributions to what has now been exposed as a massive money-laundering ""charity"" scam that the Clintons used to line their own pockets.Along with Goldman Sachs, Pfizer, Procter & Gamble and a multitude of other ill-regarded multinationals, Monsanto is exposed as being a longtime contributor to the Clinton Foundation, likely ""scratching the back"" of the organization with pay-to-play ""donations"" in exchange for political favors. This is, of course, what the Clinton Foundation is all about, we now know, which is why the Clinton campaign worked so hard during the final days of the election to keep all eyes distracted from WikiLeaks.But these tactics ultimately failed, and what the public now has access to via WikiLeaks is incredibly telling as to the nature of Clinton's relationship with Monsanto. While secretary of state, for instance, Hillary Clinton used her position to ""target"" nation states that hadn't yet accepted Monsanto's agenda . Countries that didn't cooperate with the plan to adopt transgenic crop technology, it was revealed, were punished with economic and other forms of ""retaliation.""After word of all this broke headlines, Hillary Clinton earned herself the name ""Bride of Frankenfood"" for her now-exposed ties to the biotechnology industry, a position that way-back-when cost her in terms of public support. But what we now know from WikiLeaks is that Clinton's handlers worked overtime to rebrand her as an opponent of genetically-modified organisms ( GMOs ), a position that her primary opponent Bernie Sanders genuinely held, and that helped him tremendously in gaining grassroots support. Hillary campaign tried to steal Bernie Sanders' platform, emails reveal Back in March, a peculiar email sent from Gary Hirschberg, chairman of the ""Just Label It"" GMO labeling campaign to John Podesta , campaign chairman of the Clinton campaign, exposes plans by insiders to rebrand Hillary as some type of hero for food freedom. Dated March 16, 2016, the email sent by Hirschberg , who also serves as chairman of the organic brand Stonyfield Farm, urges Podesta to have Hillary ""weigh in"" on the GMO issue ""if we hope to tap the Bernie progressives' enthusiasm after he concedes.""Clinton's attempt to ride on the coattails of Bernie's legacy ultimately failed, but it wasn't the only time that such a strategy was attempted. According to another email , the campaign also tried to brainstorm ways to rebrand Clinton as a dynamic candidate who demonstrated genuine human emotions, as opposed to the ""overly programmed"" liberal demagogue perception that dominated her previous run for the presidency.All in all, 46 emails in The Podesta Emails archive make mention of Monsanto, and many others discuss biotechnology and other elements of the industrial agriculture system to which Hillary Clinton is bound in allegiance due to her strong financial connections with this industry. Now that she's out of the running for president, though, the American people will hopefully no longer have to endure anymore of her lies. Reference: http://www.naturalnews.com  ",0
6491,"Hillary Clinton, Seizing on Tax Returns, Says Donald Trump Embodies ‘Rigged System’ - The New York Times","TOLEDO, Ohio  —   Hillary Clinton seized on revelations that Donald J. Trump could have avoided paying income taxes for up to 18 years to unleash a new torrent of criticism of her opponent, saying he pretended to help working Americans even as he personified “the same rigged system he claims he will change. ” “He abuses his power, games the system, puts his own interests ahead of the country’s,” Mrs. Clinton told a crowd of more than 1, 100 gathered for a rally on Monday at the Downtown Toledo Train Station. “It’s always Trump first, and everyone else last. ” Mrs. Clinton unleashed the attack during a previously planned economic speech in Ohio, where she has struggled to connect with white   voters, who have seen huge job losses amid the   flow of manufacturing plants overseas. But the revelation on Saturday night that Mr. Trump declared a $916 million loss on his 1995 income tax returns and could have avoided paying federal taxes for years added a new impetus and an extra dose of fire and brimstone to Mrs. Clinton’s economic pitch. She wasted little time in tying Mr. Trump’s tax practices to her broader economic message of reining in corporate excess and alleviating income inequality. “Toledo is the kind of place where people work hard, look after one another and, yes, pay their taxes,” Mrs. Clinton said at the start of her remarks here. And noting the defense Mr. Trump’s allies have put forth  —   that his handling of his taxes reflects his “genius”  —   Mrs. Clinton said, “What kind of a genius loses a billion dollars in a single year?” She criticized Mr. Trump’s reluctance to release his tax returns  —   as every other major recent presidential candidate has done  —   and mentioned the article in The New York Times revealing his tax records. “While millions of American families, including mine and yours, were working hard and paying their fair share,” Mrs. Clinton said, “it seems he was contributing nothing to our nation. ” Several hours later, at a campaign rally in Pueblo, Colo. Mr. Trump said that he had used the tax code “brilliantly,” and that his mastery of it meant he was best qualified to overhaul a deeply flawed system. “I understand the tax laws better than almost anyone, which is why I am the one who can truly fix them,” he said. Mrs. Clinton wove her attack on Mr. Trump into an address in which she also criticized other corporate actors, including top executives at Wells Fargo after employees opened roughly 1. 5 million bank accounts and applied for 565, 000 credit cards that may not have been authorized by customers, according to regulators. The bank paid $185 million in fines, including a $100 million penalty from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the largest penalty the agency has ever issued. Mrs. Clinton seemed upbeat at the rally, her first since the revelations Saturday about Mr. Trump’s taxes. She boasted of being endorsed by LeBron James, who led the Cleveland Cavaliers to the N. B. A. championship and grew up in Akron, Ohio, which Mrs. Clinton was also visiting Monday. “I hope to be elected president, but I know here in Ohio, LeBron will always be the king,” she said. Mrs. Clinton’s speech fit into a broader economic philosophy, endorsed by her closest economic advisers and often referred to as inclusive capitalism, that calls for corporations to put less emphasis on   profits and invest more in employees, the environment and communities. On Monday, Mrs. Clinton reiterated her proposal to raise the minimum wage, strengthen labor unions and offer tax incentives to companies that share profits with employees. She also unveiled two new policies to protect workers, including curbing the use of “forced arbitration” clauses in contracts that prohibit workers and consumers from bringing legal action against companies that have harmed them. “We are not going to let corporations like Wells Fargo use these   ‘gotchas’ to escape accountability,” Mrs. Clinton said. And she took aim at pharmaceutical companies, against the backdrop of outrage against Mylan, which repeatedly raised the price of EpiPens, leading to widespread consumer anger, particularly among parents whose children rely on the lifesaving injections after allergic reactions. “We should slap penalties on companies trying to cheat people who need these drugs,” Mrs. Clinton said. The campaign stops in Toledo and Akron marked the first time Mrs. Clinton had visited Ohio since Labor Day, as polls show the state’s white   voters gravitating toward Mr. Trump. Fifty percent of likely voters in Ohio preferred Mr. Trump, compared with 46 percent for Mrs. Clinton, in a   poll last month. Early voting begins next week in Ohio, and the Clinton campaign has roughly 300 staff members and an army of volunteers working to register voters. On Tuesday, former President Bill Clinton plans to embark on a   bus tour through the state largely focused on   economic issues. Recent polls have shown that Mrs. Clinton has gained an advantage on Mr. Trump when voters are asked who will best handle the economy. Ever since the Democratic nominating fight, Mrs. Clinton has called out specific corporate players for criticism, trying to demonstrate to voters how she would approach corporate misbehavior as president. The same day Mrs. Clinton fought to present herself as a champion of   Rust Belt voters, Mr. Trump continued his attacks on the Clinton family’s finances. In the years since Mr. Clinton left the White House, the Clintons have amassed in excess of $125 million delivering paid speeches to Wall Street and other special interests. “Hillary Clinton hasn’t made an honest dollar in her entire life,” he said in Pueblo, contrasting his   experience to her profiting off her career of public service by making speeches. “Hillary Clinton left the White House dead broke,” he said. “Now she and her husband have made more than $200 million without building a company or creating a single thing of value. ” Although the data has shown steady job growth under President Obama, voters in states like Ohio have not felt that the economy has come back, said Nina Turner, a former state senator from Ohio who supported Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont in the Democratic primary race. “They feel like, ‘My quality of life hasn’t gotten much better, and I need somebody to speak to those issues,’” Ms. Turner said. “Instead,” she said of the two   nominees, “we have two wealthy people battling back and forth. ”",0
6492,Single? No Children? No Will? Big Mistake - The New York Times,"You would think I would know better. As an investigative journalist, I once spent months working on a series of articles about what happens to the estates of people who die without wills. It can be ugly. In New York City, politically connected lawyers, judges and contractors can, as our reporting team found, feed on these unguarded estates like leeches on flesh at a nudist camp lake. In one typical case, my colleagues and I at The New York Post found that a Queens Surrogate’s Court judge had appointed three lawyers connected to the local Democratic Party as “guardians” of potential heirs to the estate of a   childless woman. Ostensibly in search of heirs, they spent part of the deceased woman’s $670, 000 estate on a junket to Puerto Rico for themselves, a court employee and their spouses. In the end, the   lawyer siphoned off $116, 025 in fees, while the dead woman’s 14 cousins received inheritances of $33, 150 each. We worked our tails off on these articles back in 1998. At the end of the workday, I would return to the   apartment I had bought downtown for around $100, 000 a year earlier. Single, I would sort through my mail, reading paycheck stubs noting that I was dutifully funneling 5 percent of my paycheck into a 401( k) matched by my employer. And if I had been run over by a taxi (or a vengeful Queens lawyer) and killed, the same vultures would be free to feed on my estate  —   because I was just like one of the unfortunates we had written about. I didn’t have a will. Nineteen years later, I still don’t. I’m not alone. More than 50 percent of adults do not have a will, according to Chas Rampenthal, general counsel of LegalZoom. Certain people never reach one of those obvious points in their lives to write one. If you are unmarried in middle age, do not have children and have never had a devastating disease or brush with death, making plans for what happens to your stuff if you’re not around may not feel pressing. But then you hit a milestone birthday, or a relationship becomes more committed, or your niece starts talking about attending an expensive art college  —   or all of the above, and the hotelier Ian Schrager and his partners start erecting a luxury   across the park from your Lower East Side tenement. All of a sudden, you may realize that you are sitting on serious money that could matter to someone you care about. What to do? For Elias Colombotos, a painting contractor in Queens with no children, this moment came when his parents died, eight weeks apart, in 2012. Both had prepared very clear wills and other papers. In the case of his father, who had Parkinson’s disease and dementia, a health care proxy and other instructions left no doubt as to what to do about inserting a feeding tube. The answer was no. With his mother, the will revealed that she had, in clear and legally   language, disinherited him and his siblings  —   although she had left money to her grandchildren. Soon after, Mr. Colombotos, now 57, called a lawyer to have his own will and other papers drawn, at a cost of $600. “That experience with my mother made me feel like this is an important thing to do right,” he said. “I realized how painful it could be, how much strife it could cause. ” Mr. Colombotos was very specific. He will be cremated. For now, some of his money will be split between two charities and the rest among his friends. His prized Yamaha acoustic guitar will be left to his sister, because it was such a moment of grace for them, when  —   both childless  —   he and she played music together at a beach house after their parents died. The experience had another beneficial effect for Mr. Colombotos: It pushed him to be more proactive in his dating life. “I can’t wait until I love someone and feel safe enough with them to make them my beneficiary,” he said. “It will be a nice feeling. ” Whether it’s best to make a simple handwritten will, to use an online legal service or to call a lawyer to make estate paperwork is a continuing debate. When I called lawyers, they said (not surprisingly) that using a lawyer is best. And when I called LegalZoom, with the online option, Mr. Rampenthal said, “We are talking about prices that start at $149 for a will bundle and $199 for living trust plans, which is often less than most lawyers charge for an hour of their time. ” The resulting documents, he said, are designed to stand up in any state. Jon Biondo, a veteran estates lawyer in New York, said he charges $750 for a basic estate package. “It’s not the most satisfying purchase,” he said, explaining one reason people put it off. “It doesn’t work until you die. ” A search of a mobile app store for wills and trusts yielded   results. How to Write a Will for $2. 99 promises that it “includes some very helpful information for setting goals” and tips on “how to write a handwritten will. ” I pictured myself with a quill pen and parchment deeding some of my baseball cards to a childhood friend I hadn’t seen since I was 9. The headline on the only review was, “Not Worth It. ” Another New York estates lawyer, Anne Litwin, said there were some tricks of the trade that good lawyers knew. One is the best way to disinherit someone. “It’s better to almost disinherit them than to totally do it,” Ms. Litwin said. For instance, if you have an estate of $1 million, you could leave a closely related but troublesome family member $25, 000, and combine that with a   clause saying that if anyone challenges the will in court, they lose their inheritance. “You need to dangle something in front of them to incentivize them not to protest,” Ms. Litwin said. But even a lawyer can’t make sure every final request is honored. Lorraine Massey, a grandmother and entrepreneur known for popularizing   products, said she redid her estate after she sold her share in a company of which she was a founder. She asked her lawyer, she said, if she could specify in her will that no funeral director or anyone else straighten her hair for her final repose. The lawyer told her no, because by the time the will would be read, it would most likely be after the funeral. Her best strategy would be to repeat the request to her loved ones over the years. I decided I would go with the lawyers. The best way to start before visiting a lawyer is to write down what you want to leave to whom, said Joe Rosenberg, who teaches an estates class at the City University of New York School of Law. In my case, a copy of an early draft of the script from the “Festivus” episode of “Seinfeld,” signed by Jerry Stiller, is typical of my weird collectibles. Others include: a videotape of the first television commercial aired in the new millennium, originally broadcast somewhere in the South Pacific a promotional boxing card from the night Laila Ali made her professional debut a knife Ferran Adrià used to cook a Satchel Paige autograph and a nearly complete run of back issues of Heeb and Omni magazines. I don’t want a junk dealer hired by Surrogate’s Court coming in and dumping these gems. I decided that an old journalism chum, Gersh Kuntzman, author of a book on Chrismukkah, gets the “Seinfeld” script (even though I think I’ll outlive him, because he eats too many hot dogs). It’s a start. Sherry Amatenstein, a therapist and editor of “How Does That Make You Feel? True Confessions From Both Sides of the Therapy Couch,” said that for years, she has advised patients to make wills, even though she never reached a life milestone that prompted her to do so. “I have a condo, I have artworks, I have a dog, I have people I care about,” she said. As a friend of mine, she promised me that when I’m done with my will, she’ll do hers. “I think it’s an act of love to do a will,” she said, “because you’re trying to make life easier for those we leave behind. ” So, O. K. I’ve started the process. My friend Kiri gets the Adrià knife. I promise I’ll finish writing the rest of the damn thing soon.",0
6493,Iraqi Troops in Mosul Could be Trump's First Crisis,"Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email => 
The Iraqi armed forces are becoming bogged down in the battle for Mosul. Its elite special forces and an armoured division are fighting to hold districts in the eastern outskirts of the city against counter-attacks by Isis fighters using networks of tunnels to move about unseen. 
“In one day we lost 37 dead and 70 wounded,” said a former senior Iraqi official, adding that the Iraqi forces had been caught by surprise by the extent of the tunnel system built by Isis, said to be 45 miles long. 
The Iraqi Counter-Terrorism Service (CTS) and the Ninth Armoured Division have been trying for two weeks to fight their way into that part of Mosul city, east of the Tigris River. 
Isis is sending waves of suicide bombers either as individuals who blow themselves up or in vehicles packed with explosives, snipers and mortar teams, to restart the fighting in a dozen districts that the Iraqi Army had said were already captured. 
“At first I was optimistic that we might capture Mosul in two or three weeks, but I now believe it will take months,” said Khasro Goran, a senior Kurdish leader familiar with conditions in Mosul, in an exclusive interview with The Independent . 
He said he had changed his mind about the likely length of the siege when he witnessed the ferocity of the fighting in the outer defences of Mosul. He added that “if they [Isis] continue fighting like this then a lot of Mosul will be destroyed. I hope it will not be like Aleppo.” 
A prolonged siege of Mosul with heavy civilian casualties and the possibility of Turkish military intervention is likely to be the first international crisis to be faced by the incoming administration of President-elect Donald Trump. The slow and heavily-contested advance of the Iraqi armed forces into the city means that the attack will still be going on when he is inaugurated in Washington on 20 January. 
Mr Trump would have to decide if he is willing to sanction an escalation in US-led airstrikes to destroy Isis defences, though this would inevitably lead to heavy loss of life among the estimated 1.5 million civilians in Mosul. 
A threatened military intervention by Turkey will also become more likely if the best Iraqi combat units suffer heavy losses and look for reinforcements from the Shia paramilitary Hashd al-Shaabi (Popular Mobilisation) forces and the Kurdish Peshmerga. 
Under an American-brokered agreement, these are being kept out of the city of Mosul itself to avoid sectarian and ethnic tensions between them and its Sunni Arab population. 
Turkey has sent tanks to the Turkish-Iraqi border and said it may invade if the Hashd or Peshmerga fight inside Mosul. 
The problem for the Iraqi armed forces is that they have previously relied heavily on US-led airstrikes to destroy Isis fighters in fixed positions. There have been 10,300 such airstrikes in Iraq since 2014. 
In the battle for Ramadi in 2015 some 70 per cent of the city was destroyed, but almost all of the 350,000 population had fled and Isis did not fight to the last man. The same was true of the outer ring of towns around Mosul like Bartella and Qaraqosh a dozen more miles from the city, which were empty of their largely Christian inhabitants, making it easier to target and destroy from the air buildings held by Isis. 
The same tactics cannot be used in Mosul because its people are still there and the city is very big. The Baghdad government offensive that began on 17 October went well until it reached Mosul’s outskirts two weeks ago. 
Since then the fighting has swung backwards and forwards with districts being captured or recaptured three or four times. 
In al-Qadisiyah al-Thaniya district, which the CTS had entered on Friday, the elite soldiers later retreated and Isis fighters returned. A local resident told a news agency that “they came back to us again, and this is what we feared. At night there were fierce clashes and we heard powerful explosions.” 
In Intisar, another embattled east Mosul district, the Iraqi army’s Ninth Armoured Division has found that its tanks are vulnerable in street fighting for which its soldiers have neither experience nor training. Last Tuesday it lost two T-72 tanks. 
There were some signs of Isis disarray at the start of the siege. Hoshyar Zebari, the former Iraqi Finance and Foreign Minister, says that by far “the biggest surprise for Isis was some months back when the Iraqi government and the leaders of the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) agreed on a joint offensive against Isis in Mosul.” Isis did not expect this – Baghdad and the KRG had previously been barely on speaking terms because of economic and territorial disputes. 
When Iraqi forces first attacked east Mosul, there were reports of wavering morale among some Isis fighters, but the Isis leadership has mercilessly enforced its control. 
The UN says that it has executed some 70 civilians in Mosul accused of collaboration with Iraqi forces over the last week. Last Tuesday alone 40 people were dressed in orange jumpsuits and shot for “treason and collaboration” before being hanged from electricity poles. 
Another 20 civilians have been shot for using mobile phones to leak information to the Iraqi army and their bodies were hanged at traffic lights. 
The real level of support for Isis in Mosul is unclear. The 54,000 people who have fled the city and sought refuge behind Peshmerga or Iraqi army lands all express their hatred of movement and deplore its atrocities. 
But local Christians and Kurds view the displaced civilians from Isis with suspicion as possible covert Isis supporters. “I see that Isis are getting their families to safety,” said one Christian driving past a camp of white tents occupied by Internally Displaced People (IDPs) at Khazar, east of Mosul. 
Mr Goran is an expert on the internal politics of Mosul where he was deputy governor between 2003 and 2009, and leader of the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) in the city until 2011. Speaking of the political sympathies of its people, he said that “a third of the population supports Isis, much of the rest is passive and only a small percentage actively resisted them.” 
He believes that reports of extensive anti-Isis armed resistance inside the city was largely propaganda designed for the media. He pointed out that there might be a lot of foreign fighters in Mosul, but “the majority of fighters are Iraqis”. 
During the almost two-and-a-half years in which Isis has ruled Mosul since it captured it in June 2014 it has concentrated on recruiting young adolescents and teenagers to its cause. These are given extensive ideological and technical training to turn them into fanatical fighters or suicide bombers. 
Isis is holding out effectively in east Mosul and may be able to withstand a siege for many months, but it is likely to lose the battle for the city in the long term. Iraqi army units are approaching Mosul from the south and the Hashd are closing off the escape routes to the west. A last stand by Isis in the city, however, could lead to its destruction. (Reprinted from The Independent  ",0
6494,Open Wide: Deep-Sea Fishes That Are Built to Eat Big - The New York Times,"We’re about 600 to 3, 000 feet below the ocean’s surface. It’s cold, it’s dark and it’s slow down here. If you’re lucky, it’s blue in the daytime and black at night. And the deeper we go, the darker it gets. Welcome to the twilight zone, fishies. There’s not much to eat and no green plants growing either. Here, you eat what you can get, and find a way to eat it, or you starve. It’s weird down here, in the mesopelagic zone of the deep sea. Creatures can be sluggish, but they are well adapted. Some use big eyes to find prey. Others make their own flashlights. Big mouths help predators eat big prey. That may be why barbeled dragonfishes have special head joints that allow them to open up their mouths 120 degrees and swallow big prey whole. This flexible head joint, described for the first time in a study published on Wednesday in the journal PLOS One, is unlike any other known to science. Nalani Schnell, a zoologist at the French National Museum of Natural History, had already discovered that different groups of barbeled dragonfishes had an unusual gap between their heads and necks that other fishes don’t have. Some gaps were the result of a missing first vertebrae. Others resulted from the absence of a spine, filled in instead with an elongated notochord, a flexible rod made up of something similar to cartilage. To find out the function of these gaps, Dr. Schnell teamed up with Dave Johnson, a zoologist at the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History. Together, they obtained five divergent groups of the species from museum collections, macerated the flesh from their bodies and stained the bones different colors. This allowed them to actually move the bones around, which led to the discovery that the gap was a functional joint that allows the fish’s head to move up and out. “In most other fishes, the head has a strong connection to the rest of the body, without much flexibility,” Dr. Schnell wrote in an email, which is a stabilizing force during swimming. But “the barbeled dragonfishes are    (ambush) predators, and prey items are scarce in the  . ” As the species diverged into different groups, the flexible gaps in the more primitive fish developed into “an actual folding apparatus that makes this a true joint,” Dr. Johnson said. “There are no other fishes that have that sort of a directional, complex articulation. ” A joint that allows them to open their mouths wide is advantageous because they can engulf large prey that can sustain them for long periods of no food. Like the moray eel, barbeled dragonfishes use a second set of teeth to pull the large prey into their bodies to digest it. “Imagine yourself out in the middle of the ocean, and you’re trying to make a living. You’re going to eat anything you can, if you think it isn’t going to kill you,” Dr. Johnson said. “You don’t bypass this thing because it’s too big to eat, because you don’t know when you’re going to see another meal. ”",0
6495,Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West Reignite Feud With Taylor Swift - The New York Times,"Sunday night’s episode of “Keeping Up With the Kardashians” played less like a breezy record of the   demimonde than a   documentary. Early in the episode, Kim Kardashian West was called to action by her husband, Kanye West, after audio of him angrily referring to Taylor Swift as “fake” leaked in February. Over and over again, she reiterated how she felt that Mr. West was portrayed unfairly in public, by Ms. Swift and others. As the episode goes on, Ms. Kardashian West’s ire rises  —   clearly, she is plotting her moves. At the end, she seeks advice from her mother and manager, Kris Jenner. Ms. Jenner suggests calling Ms. Swift to smooth things over. Ms. Kardashian West says no, thanks. Just as the episode ended on the East Coast, Ms. Kardashian West released on Snapchat several video clips of a phone conversation between Mr. West and Ms. Swift in which he appears to get her support  —   mostly enthusiastic, perhaps slightly hesitant  —   for provocative lyrics that refer to her on his song “Famous,” from his album “The Life of Pablo,” released in February. Not long after, Ms. Swift released a statement on  Instagram stating that she had not approved of the song and that Mr. West had not delivered on a promise to play her the final version before its release. “While I wanted to be supportive of Kanye on the phone call, you cannot ‘approve’ a song you haven’t heard,” she wrote. These are the latest salvos in the running squabble between Ms. Swift and Mr. West, a gripping but unfortunate beef that puts two of the leading pop stars of the day at loggerheads. The first phase of their disagreement dates from the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, when he crashed her acceptance speech for best female video, in a show of support for Beyoncé, whom she had beaten. They didn’t publicly reconcile until the 2015 Grammys, and the road since has been bumpy. On “Famous,” he rapped, in familiar hyperbolic style, that they “might still have sex,” and that he was responsible for her success. Shortly thereafter, she lashed out at him (without using his name) from the Grammy stage. The video for “Famous,” released last month, features a Swift   along with other celebrity   topless in bed with Mr. West and Ms. Kardashian West, an   jolt of beatific   erotica. Ms. Swift and Mr. West couldn’t be more different: Ms. Swift is a covert operator, Mr. West a namer of names. Ms. Swift is as careful a crafter of narrative, both in song and in life, as anyone in pop. Mr. West shoots from the hip it’s the source of much of his charm. Throughout this battle, each has accused the other of dishonesty. There is a fundamental layer of falseness and contrivance to all public images: Celebrity culture relies on that layer not being disrupted. Part of the power of the video Ms. Kardashian West released is it appeared to show that Ms. Swift’s public presentation and private machinations were at odds. The Ms. Swift in those video clips is    —   “I’m, like, this close to overexposure,” she said  —   in a way she often isn’t in public, and she is also willing to disrupt her image in unexpected ways. But her stern response to the song’s release served as a reassertion of the old order. It also extended a narrative in which Mr. West, who is black, is painted as the predator and Ms. Swift, who is white, as the prey, a story with uncomfortable racial overtones. In the excerpts, though, Mr. West is solicitous and warm. “I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex,” he says, enunciating each word of the lyric carefully, with Ms. Swift on speakerphone. Rhythmically, it sounds like perhaps he’s workshopping one of two options with her. Later, he says: “I want things that make you feel good. I don’t want to do rap that makes people feel bad. ” (The clips are short and choppy, and clearly excerpts. On Twitter in February, Mr. West said the call with Ms. Swift had been an hour long.) “I just really appreciate it,” Ms. Swift said. “I never would have expected you to tell me about a line in your song. ” “Relationships,” Mr. West tells her, “are more important than punch lines. ” Seeking permission for a lyric is an extraordinary step, especially for Mr. West, whose loose tongue is his greatest asset. Ms. Swift, by contrast, has generally avoided identifying the subjects of her songs, though after the 2009 V. M. A. s, she released the rather patronizing “Innocent”  —   including the words “Who you are is not what you  ’re still an innocent”  —   which she described in a 2010 interview with MTV as not a song about Mr. West but one “to” him. (Her song “Dear John” is widely believed to be about John Mayer, to whom Ms. Swift was romantically linked. It is one of the most effective and ruthless eviscerations of a fellow celebrity in pop history, and it seems unlikely that Ms. Swift ran it past Mr. Mayer for approval.) Given the seemingly genial nature of the conversation between Ms. Swift and Mr. West, what agitated Ms. Swift remains unclear. The release of video clips of the call is a clear violation of trust and raises possible legal issues. (The legality of recording phone calls varies from state to state a representative for Mr. West did not respond to an inquiry about where the rapper had been at the time of the call.) In an interview with GQ released last month, Ms. Kardashian West mentioned that Ms. Swift’s legal team knew about the recorded conversation “and then they sent an attorney’s letter like, ‘Don’t you dare do anything with that footage,’ and asking us to destroy it. ” The statement issued by Ms. Swift’s representative when Mr. West’s “Famous” came out said that Ms. Swift had “cautioned him about releasing a song with such a strong misogynistic message,” but that does not appear to be in line with what she expresses in these video clips. The statement also said, “Taylor was never made aware of the actual lyric, ‘I made that bitch famous. ’” The video clips on Ms. Kardashian West’s Snapchat do not show Mr. West asking about that line. And so, if this conflagration turns on the interpretation of that epithet, then what may be at play is a contextual misread, or perhaps a clash of value systems. Mr. West comes from the world of   where use of that term to refer to women can be so pervasive as to dull its pejorative meaning. In 2012, Mr. West unveiled the song “Perfect Bitch”  —   it was about Ms. Kardashian West, then his girlfriend. But though it has become a catchall term, it still carries undeniable historical baggage. Perhaps Ms. Swift didn’t like hearing herself referred to in that fashion, regardless of the context. Maybe she was concerned about her young female fan base and the word’s effect on them. Maybe she simply got cold feet. Whatever the case, both sides have opted for public escalation over private reconciliation. Mr. West and Ms. Kardashian West are armed with selectively edited documentation optimized for social media distribution. They are primed for battle. Meanwhile, Ms. Swift and her team increasingly transmit an air of fatigue. After Ms. Kardashian West’s GQ interview, Ms. Swift’s representative released a statement that concluded, “Taylor cannot understand why Kanye West, and now Kim Kardashian, will not just leave her alone. ” And Ms. Swift’s latest reply concludes with a similar sentiment, though this time from her directly: “I would very much like to be excluded from this narrative, one that I have never asked to be a part of, since 2009. ” But this bespeaks a misunderstanding of how public storytelling unfolds. It is crowdsourced, not written from the top down. In the past, Ms. Swift’s refusal to name the subjects of her songs or any of her personal antagonists also robbed them of their opportunities to respond, keeping the narrative tidy. But that’s not an option when the two main characters are equally famous. Ms. Swift’s revulsion only amplifies the situation: The farther from Mr. West she tries to pull, the more tightly they are bound.",0
6496,"With the Conventions Behind Us, Our Takeaways From Both - The New York Times","PHILADELPHIA  —   The Democratic convention is over, and delegates streamed to airports and train stations on Friday morning to return home for the summer weekend. But the contrasting    political displays  —   Republicans met last week in Cleveland  —   offered important lessons about the two presidential nominees, and their parties, as they head into the November general election. Check out our takeaways: Democrats are much better at staging a convention. It was visible every night over these past two weeks, in the size of the crowds, the energy in the hall, the caliber of the speakers, the celebrity of the celebrities, and the basic coherence of the messages. In the end, Donald J. Trump delivered a rough, and at times halting,   show Hillary Clinton offered a polished Hollywood production. The next few weeks will tell how much of a difference that makes in what matters most: whether voters prefer Mrs. Clinton or Mr. Trump. But Mr. Trump’s sloppy convention was a missed opportunity, and sent up warning flares for Republicans already concerned about his capacity to grapple with the basic mechanics of American politics. Conventions are challenging, but so are voter registration and turnout, opposition research and   and the increasingly sophisticated process of identifying voters through microtargeting. The Clinton campaign is filled with people who have done this before. If Mr. Trump or Republicans had any doubt about that, all they had to do was watch. This is not going to be a “there’s no difference between the candidates” election. When were Americans last presented with two such starkly different views of the country as Mr. Trump’s bleak portrayal of a country under siege, and Mrs. Clinton’s “best days are ahead of us” optimism? The candidates have diametrically opposing views on health care, gun control, abortion, the role of government, immigration and terrorism. They also have different styles and résumés: The insider and the businessman, a Democrat who has always believed in government and a Republican iconoclast who talks about tearing it down. And, not incidentally, a man  —   and a woman who is seeking to become the nation’s first female president. No, we didn’t get the multiballot floor fight that many people  —   O. K. many reporters  —   had yearned for. But if these ostentatious, expensive gatherings have flirted with irrelevance in recent years, Cleveland and Philadelphia proved they can still be riveting and influential. The Trump campaign grappled with accusations that Melania Trump cribbed from Michelle Obama’s 2008 remarks to Democrats, and Senator Ted Cruz thumbed his nose at Mr. Trump by refusing to endorse him until he was booed off the stage. In Philadelphia, Bernie Sanders supporters demonstrated in the streets, and a handful of Democratic delegates booed  —   booed!  —   their party’s nominee when she spoke. And three people  —   Michelle Obama, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and President Obama  —   gave speeches for the ages that people were still buzzing about on their way out of town. Hillary Clinton is a tough sell, and she probably always will be. Much of her success here came because she was lifted by the president and first lady, the vice president and former President Bill Clinton. But that   of surrogates is unlikely to spend the next three months on the road nonstop Mrs. Clinton will have to win this election herself. She has long been polarizing, but the F. B. I. ’s investigation into her email and server may have done irreversible damage to her credibility, as Mr. Trump clearly hopes given his nickname for her, Crooked Hillary. Mrs. Clinton did not tackle that   instead seeming to try for a workaround: Take me as I am. Or, perhaps: Better me than him. Her other challenge? She has been in public life for 40 years, but she is running at a time when voters want something new and when the Washington establishment has rarely been more unpopular. For all of Mr. Trump’s shortcomings that his convention unintentionally highlighted, he seems to reflect the American mood in a way that may be impossible for Mrs. Clinton. Mrs. Clinton took full advantage of having the last word, offering what amounted to the closing argument of a debate. By contrast, it did not appear that Mr. Trump and his aides had anticipated Mrs. Clinton’s rebuttal by making   moves to try to constrain what she might do and say at her convention. Mr. Trump’s dark speech set the table for Mrs. Clinton to deliver what was, in effect, a “Morning in America Again” address to the nation. Beyond that, her party managed to seize what for many years have been the defining symbols of the Republican Party: God and country. The Democratic convention was a sea of waving American flags on the final night, as delegates burst into chants of “U. S. A.! U. S. A. !” Law and order will be a big theme in the fall, and Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton approach it very differently. In a summer of terrorist attacks around the world and attacks on police officers on American soil, Mr. Trump promised an iron fist. “I have a message to every last person threatening the peace on our streets and the safety of our police,” he said: “When I take the oath of office next year, I will restore law and order to our country. ” Mrs. Clinton pushed hard for stricter gun controls, and offered tributes not only to slain police officers but to   killed in police shootings. Mrs. Clinton has her party mostly behind her, even taking into account the scattered boos and feeble attempt at jeering by Sanders supporters, which she ignored. So many elected Democrats wanted to speak on her behalf that the Clinton campaign had difficulty accommodating them all. By contrast, Mr. Trump’s convention had the absence of prominent Republicans prime speaking spots went to his children and to the general manager of Trump Winery. Will that matter in this age of the Tea Party and hostility to the Washington establishment? Perhaps not, but it is party leaders who help raise money, drum up enthusiasm and get people out to vote. Finally, with apologies to George W. Bush, Jimmy Carter, George Bush and even Bill Clinton, this convention showed once and for all that when it comes to pure political talent  —   the ability to move a crowd, seize a moment, and deliver a speech that rises to a challenge  —   Barack Obama laps the field.",0
6498,"Hear How ‘Moonlight’ Got Its Sound: Violins, Chopped and Screwed - The New York Times","Chamber music might not seem like an obvious candidate to be “chopped and screwed”: remixed and slowed down in the style pioneered by DJ Screw when he transformed Houston’s   scene a generation ago. But that unlikely inspiration helped give the film “Moonlight,” whose score is nominated for an Academy Award, its otherworldly sound. The unusual idea emerged when the film’s director, Barry Jenkins, was batting around musical possibilities with its composer, Nicholas Britell, and Mr. Jenkins mentioned his love of chopped and screwed tracks. (The style can give songs a woozy, psychedelic flavor.) “When you slow the music down, the pitch goes down,” Mr. Britell, 36, said in an interview in his Manhattan studio. “And you actually get this audio texture which is deepened and enriched and you hear more things in it. It sort of opens it up and stretches it out. ” Here is how Mr. Britell chopped and screwed instrumental music and wove it into a film whose three chapters take its hero, Chiron, from boyhood (when the character is nicknamed Little) to manhood (when he’s known as Black). When he first read the screenplay, Mr. Britell said, “it felt like a piece of poetry. ” Mr. Jenkins knew that he wanted an orchestral score. So Mr. Britell wrote a simple, somber, plangent piece that he initially called “Piano and Violin Poem,” which he recorded in D major. It became “Little’s Theme. ” For the teenage Chiron, Mr. Britell bent the pitch of “Little’s Theme” until it was in B major. Then, for a harrowing scene involving a schoolyard fight, he slowed the music drastically, until it was almost unrecognizable  —   more than two octaves lower than the original recording. “We were trying, in the music, to have there be a correspondence between the   nature of Chiron’s world at that point and what’s happening musically without being too overt about it,” Mr. Britell said. “In that scene you’re hearing this rumbling. You almost don’t know what it is. And then you hear something that almost sounds like a bell, and almost sounds like a bass  —   and in fact it’s the piano and the violins from the very beginning. ” For the theme music for Chiron’s adulthood, Mr. Britell reorchestrated “Little’s Theme” for an ensemble of cellos and had them record it in D major  —   but then bent the pitch until it was in A major. “I chopped and screwed the recording,” he said. “Cellos don’t play those notes. It sounds like a weird cross between basses and cellos. ” Many members of the audience may not notice that some of the more fantastic effects in the score are its main themes contorted beyond recognition. But the filmmakers do wink at the audience when they include a more traditional kind of chopped and screwed track: the   mix of Jidenna’s “Classic Man” that plays in the background in this scene. The popularity of the soundtrack led to a performance last month in Los Angeles, when the Wordless Music Orchestra performed the score live as the film was screened another outing is planned at the Barbican Center in London on March 18. But mimicking the effects of chopped and screwed with live orchestra took some serious reverse engineering. “If it’s a violin that sounds like a bass, I’ll have a bass play it,” Mr. Britell said.",0
6499,A Vote For Warmonger Hillary Clinton Is A Vote For World War 3,"Print 
If you want to see war without end, vote for Hillary Clinton. It is tremendously ironic that Hillary Clinton and the mainstream media have attempted to portray Donald Trump as “dangerous” and “temperamental”, because it is Clinton that actually has a long history of being emotionally unstable. She has a temper that is absolutely legendary, and she has been cussing out the men and women in her security detail for decades . Hillary Clinton played a key role in starting the civil war in Syria, thanks to her Libya is a post-apocalyptic wasteland today, and now she is picking a fight with the Russians before she has even won the election. Of all the candidates there were running for president this election cycle, there was nobody that was even close to as dangerous as Hillary Clinton, and if she wins the election I am fully convinced that World War 3 will begin before her time in the White House is over. 
Someone that shares this opinion with me is Donald Trump. According to Reuters , Trump recently stated that we are “going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton”… 
On Syria’s civil war, Trump said Clinton could drag the United States into a world war with a more aggressive posture toward resolving the conflict. 
Clinton has called for the establishment of a no-fly zone and “safe zones” on the ground to protect non-combatants. Some analysts fear that protecting those zones could bring the United States into direct conflict with Russian fighter jets. 
“What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria,” said Trump as he dined on fried eggs and sausage at his Trump National Doral golf resort. “You’re going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton.” 
In order to have a no-fly zone in Syria, you would have to enforce it. 
And in order to enforce it, you would have to be willing to shoot at the Russians. 
According to National Intelligence Director James Clapper , that could have dire consequences… 
Russia could shoot down a U.S. aircraft if a no-fly zone were imposed over Syria, National Intelligence Director James Clapper said Tuesday. 
“I wouldn’t put it past them to shoot down an American aircraft if they felt that was threatening to their forces on the ground,” Clapper said, speaking with CBS’ Charlie Rose at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York about several national security issues. 
Of course Clapper is not alone in that assessment. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Joseph Francis Dunford, says that imposing a no-fly zone over all of Syria “would require us to go to war” … 
“Right now, Senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria it would require us to go to war, against Syria and Russia,… That’s a pretty fundamental decision that certainly I’m not going to make.” ( Senate Armed Services Committee, September 22, 2016, emphasis added) 
But Hillary Clinton is unwavering in her position that this is what she wants. 
You see, the truth is that Hillary Clinton wants to win the war that she started in Syria. Back in 2011, she spearheaded an effort along with Saudi Arabia and Turkey to try to use the Arab Spring uprisings in the Middle East as an opportunity to try to overthrow President Assad in Syria. If it wasn’t for her meddling, millions of refugees would not be pouring into Europe and elsewhere, and there would be no “humanitarian crisis” in Syria at all. 
Thanks to Russian intervention, the war in Syria is not too far from being over, but the Obama administration is desperate to keep it going. They understand that if Assad is victorious that all of their efforts for the last five years have been wasted, and that is why they are so determined to keep Aleppo from falling. Without Aleppo, many of the jihadist rebels that the Obama administration has been supporting won’t have anywhere to hide. 
So the Obama administration has actually been considering direct strikes against the Syrian military, and the Russians have already said that they will not allow this to happen . If Obama is insane enough to order airstrikes against Syrian forces and the Russians start shooting back, that could set off a chain of events that could rapidly spiral completely out of control. 
One recent survey found that current American leadership has a 1 percent approval rating in Russia right now, and the Russians dislike Hillary Clinton even more than they dislike Barack Obama. The Russians know that if Hillary Clinton is elected that it is quite likely that they will have to fight a war with us, and that is why they desperately want Donald Trump to win in November. You can see this outlook reflected in comments that Russian President Vladimir Putin recently made about the two candidates … 
“Mrs. Clinton has chosen to take up a very aggressive stance against our country, against Russia. Mr. Trump, on the other hand, calls for cooperation – at least when it comes to the international fight against terrorism,” Putin said. 
“Naturally we welcome those who would like to cooperate with us. And we consider it wrong, that we always have to be in conflict with one another, creating existential threats for each other and for the whole world,” Putin noted. 
Anyone that watched the three presidential debates could see that Hillary Clinton is absolutely seething with animosity for Russia. The thought of her finger on the nuclear trigger is almost too terrible to contemplate, but it may soon become a reality. 
And even now, the Obama administration and our NATO allies are shifting forces into position for a confrontation with Moscow. This week it is being reported that NATO troops will soon be sent to Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania … Nine hundred US troops are to be sent to eastern Europe next year as America’s troubled relationship with Russia enters new, uncertain territory. A US-led battle group of NATO allied soldiers will be sent to Poland as part of the multi-nation operation. British forces will lead one of the four battle groups in Estonia, Canada will spearhead the presence in Latvia and Germany will be present in Lithuania. 
In addition, Infowars is reporting that U.S. Marines will soon be stationed in Norway near the border with Russia… 
After accepting a Pentagon proposal, Norway will host US Marines at a base near the Russian border as Russia deploys nuclear-capable ships to Kaliningrad. 
A rotating force of approximately 330 Marines will be stationed at an airfield in the city of Vaernes, just outside Trondheim, beginning in January. Norway and Russia share an 122-mile border in the Arctic. 
“The US initiative to augment their training and exercises in Norway by locating a Marine Corps Rotational Force in Norway is highly welcome and will have positive implications for our already strong bilateral relationship,” said Norwegian Defense Minister Ine Eriksen Søreide. 
Most Americans aren’t aware of any of this, nor do they really care about our relationship with Russia. 
But in Russia things are completely different. The possibility of war with the United States is the biggest news story over there these days , and feverish preparations are being made for a potential nuclear confrontation … 
Russian authorities have stepped up nuclear-war survival measures amid a showdown with Washington, dusting off Soviet-era civil-defense plans and upgrading bomb shelters in the biggest cities. 
At the Kremlin’s Ministry of Emergency Situations, the Cold War is back. 
The country recently held its biggest civil defense drills since the collapse of the U.S.S.R., with what officials said were 40 million people rehearsing a response to chemical and nuclear threats. 
I know that I have been writing about this over and over , but the truth is that we are on a path to war with Russia, and the election of Hillary Clinton would greatly accelerate the march toward war. 
In my controversial new book , I expressed my belief that war with Russia is coming, but at the time that I wrote it I didn’t know how the election would turn out. 
At this point it looks like Clinton is very likely to win on November 8th, and that would be absolutely disastrous for our relationship with Russia. 
If you are reading this and you are considering voting for Hillary Clinton, please don’t do it . We simply cannot afford to have an emotionally unstable warmonger with a violent temper in the White House at this critical time. 
If the American people do choose Hillary Clinton this November, I believe that it will be a choice that they will bitterly, bitterly regret in future years. 
Take a look at the future of America: The Beginning of the End and then prepare shares",0
6500,"Jerusalem Jihad: Three Palestinians with Guns, Knives Carry Out Terrorist Attack in Israel’s Capital - Breitbart","Haaretz reports: Three Palestinian assailants armed with guns and knives carried out an attack Friday night in Jerusalem that killed one Border Policewoman and left a number of people wounded. [The officer, Hadas Malka, 23, was critically stabbed while attempting to reach for her gun, according to Israel’s Police, and later succumbed to her wounds. All three attackers were shot dead by officers at the scene.  The attack unfolded along Sultan Suleiman Street, near Damascus Gate in the Old City. At one scene, two of the attackers were shot and killed after assaulting police officers with knives and guns. At the other, an attacker was shot dead after stabbing a border policewoman, critically wounding her. Read more here.",0
6501,Arvind Kejriwal promises to make Delhi pollution-free once he is made the Prime Minister,"Arvind Kejriwal promises to make Delhi pollution-free once he is made the Prime Minister Posted on Tweet 
Delhi Chief minister Arvind Kejriwal who has off late come a under lot of pressure on the crumbling state of the Indian capital due to severe air pollution has promised his critics to clean up the air in the capital once he is elected as the prime minister of India. The AAP supremo claims that an imandar sarkar at the center will ensure that the future Delhi state government gets in line thereby making Delhi a smog free city. 
“Doston, the center is not allowing the state to function and that’s why I need to become the PM to perform the duties of the CM. Once I become the PM of India, I’ll have all the power to rule the capital and so, besides cleaning its air, several new flyovers would be made, there would be no traffic jams, 15 lakh CCTVs would be installed, free Wi-Fi will be provided for all, new DTC buses would be inducted, Yamuna would cleaned and most importantly Delhi would attain full statehood,” said Kejriwal. 
“Even corrupt Sheila ji could clean Delhi’s air significantly by decongesting Delhi through flyovers and metro and it was only possible because she had support from the corrupt center. Corrupt-Corrupt mil ke kaam kar lete they [Corrupt and corrupt worked together] . Once I become the PM, I will give all the support to the city just like the old times,” he added, while speaking at a press conference wearing a gas mask. 
On a question regarding state and center relations, Kejriwal said, “ Aisa bhi ho sakta hai [It might happen] that the future Delhi CM might not cooperate, but since we will be honest and strict, we will get the CM in line and make him perform all that we are not able to do now. In short I would not be a weak PM like Modiji,” said Kejriwal, and added, “And if the situation gets really bad, I can get Delhi under the center. And in the worst case scenario, I’ll become Delhi’s CM again. Whatever the case may be, I’ll ensure that Delhi becomes a clean and green city.” 
AAP leaders have unanimously supported Arvind’s view point and claimed that they too need central ministry positions to solve all the problems of Delhi. 
“If you want to fix the Delhi once and for all, the first step would be to help Kajariwal win the Punjab election and make him its CM. Once that is done we will take the next step and win the UP election and Kajariwal will be its CM also. Everyone knows that the party who wins the UP bags the center and thus by the 2019 he will become the prime minister of India to solve all the problems of Delhi state including air pollusion,” said AAP stalwart, Ashutosh. 
(DMAN aka Divyamaan is the author of the spoof book ‘The Bogus Read’ ) Tweet About D-MAN 
A jack of many trades who now wants to master some. Born wisecracker who makes every effort to get the maximum out of life. He facebooks here and tweets here .",0
6502,How Some Chinese Men Meet Summer’s Swelter: With Midriff Bare and Bulging - The New York Times,"Summer on the streets of Chinese cities yields a panoply of exotic sights and sounds: old men loudly jousting over   tiles, sidewalk barbecues grilling    animal parts, and the unmistakable growl of a clearing throat  —   that ends with an inevitable splat. But nothing defines China’s most sweltering season (or bewilders foreigners) more than the curious sartorial habits of grown men who neatly roll up their shirts to reveal bellies, often in glorious plenitude, without the teeniest hint of shame (nor the teeniest hint of a  ). The exposed midriff, visible in shops, restaurants and hospital waiting rooms, often has a companion flourish, with practitioners rolling up their pants legs to just below the knee. This, it will be explained upon asking, is a makeshift form of   known as the Beijing Bikini. (Others somewhat disparagingly describe the phenomenon as “bang ye,” which roughly translates as “exposing yourself like a grandfather. ”) It is on display anywhere where temperatures sizzle  —   urban or rural, private space or public sphere, recreational park or commercial shop. Social convention bars women from engaging in similar displays of flesh. Although adherents, often with cigarette and beer in hand, attest to the Beijing Bikini’s cooling health benefits, they face mounting hostility from educated upstarts or busybody bureaucrats who find the summer parade of bulging tummies uncouth and unbecoming of a great nation. Chinese newspapers wage periodic propaganda campaigns against the look, but it endures and is increasingly visible abroad, proudly displayed by Chinese tourists outside New York City art museums, Buckingham Palace in London and the Eiffel Tower in Paris.",0
6503,Riots in Portland on Third Night of Protests       : Information," Riots in Portland on Third Night of Protests Trump returns to Twitter to complain about ""unfair"" protests ""incited"" by media. By Ed Krayewski
 "" Reason "" - There were more protests around the country against the election of Donald Trump last night, with police in Portland declaring the protest there a riot due to deteriorating conditions. Rioters there threw objects at cops, attacked newspaper stands, and smashed windows. Earlier, police said protesters were trying to stop ""anarchist groups"" from destroying property, and tweeted that it encouraged others to leave the area, before declaring the situation a riot and issuing orders to disperse the ""unlawful assembly."" Police say they made 26 arrests and dispersed the crowd using pepper spray, ""rubber ball distraction devices"" and rubber baton rounds.
Trump returned to Twitter for the first time since being elected on Tuesday night after spending the day in Washington, tweeting that ""professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting,"" calling it ""very unfair!"" NBC News described the tweet as ""putting an end to a brief stretch of conciliatory behavior since Tuesday,"" although one salty tweet in a 72 hour period doesn't seem like enough data to come to that conclusion. Trump had ""returned to pre-election form,"" as NBC News put it, also pointing out Trump himself had tweeted in favor of a march on Washington after Mitt Romney's 2012 loss, and suggested if he lost riots could ensue.
At least two other prominent Trump supporters, Milwaukee Sheriff David Clarke and former Rep. Joe Walsh, had also tweeted supportively of protests and civil disobedience before the election but called for a tough response after. They did not expect Trump to win, so the calculus changed. Things are different now that he's president-electthough not for Trump's tendency to make loose statements and the media's tendency to botch interpretations of those statements.
Trump's tweet was characterized as ""unpresidential."" I'm not sure what was expected at this point, particularly since such protests have, until now, worked in Trump's favor. The Trump campaign cancelled a rally in Chicago after massive protests there. Trump said the protests would ""energize"" his votershe clinched the nomination in May. By June, I noted how attacks on Trump supporters by anti-Trump protesters were an apparent effort to help get Trump elected. In late September, when protests and riots erupted in Charlotte after a fatal police shooting there, I suggested the city was working hard to get North Carolina in the Trump column.
On Wednesday night, when there were protests and ""vigils"" around the country, I suggested this trend to could end up helping Trump by earning him political capital and helping drive never-Trump conservatives back into the fold. Protesters say they are demonstrating because Donald Trump has created a climate of fear for minorities. Riots also have that tendency. If the mostly white rioters in Portland last night provide police in the city to ramp up enforcement, that endangers marginalized people the most. Protests last month over a police contract the outgoing mayor pushed through before leaving office failed to stop the contract, and it's not unreasonable to fear tonight's riots will increase tensions in altogether different neighborhoods.
And for all the talk pre-election of ""voter intimidation,"" what else could violent protests over the result of an election be other than voter intimidation? Hillary Clinton won Portland overwhelmingly, but that still leaves a minority of Trump voters watching their fellow citizens destroy property over the way they voted. And it leaves a slew of residents who didn't vote, but will probably eventually be blamed for Trump's win as well. Blame anyone but Clinton and the Democratic Party.
Some Anti-Trump protesters like to compare Trump to Hitler, yet it doesn't seem they understand their own comparison. Hitler used civil unrestspecifically the Reichstag fireto greatly expand his powers after he had already been elected. At the Republican convention, Trump called America a ""divided crime scene"" and said ""only"" he could solve the country's problems. Anti-Trump protesters are setting the stage for him. It's hard to imagine what continued violent protests (the Portland group has organized as a Resistance) can accomplish other than creating a climate of fear Trump could exploit to make it easier to get what he wants, whatever that turns out to be.
A write-up of a mostly white riot in Portland would perhaps be incomplete with a note about the occupation of a remote outpost in the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon in protest of federal prosecutors reneging on a plea deal with two ranchers who had set a fire on their property that spread onto federal land, appealing the sentences handed down in favor for longer ones. Those protesters were called ""terrorists"" by many left-wing commentators because they were armed. The hashtag #OregonUnderAttack went viral. No one has suggested Oregon, or Portland, have been under attack tonight, nor has anyone called the protesters or rioters terrorists. But as usual, one side has created a precedent when it was convenient rhetorically in the short term that can be used by the other side with as much, if not more, effect.
If anti-Trump protesters are concerned about the powers Trump will inherit, President Obama and the Congress have two and a half months to try to get something accomplished in terms of limiting executive power. The prospect is unlikely already. Directionless protests make the prospect less likely, and also place efforts at reducing government power after Trump is in office at a disadvantage. Although protesters may be more interesting in expressing their feelings, including by rioting, than reducing government power and constraining the office of the president.
Vandalized cars, smashed windows: Anti-Trump protest in Portland proclaimed riot (PHOTOS, VIDEO): Some 4,000 people started their protest at Pioneer Courthouse Square and moved to northeast Portland, according to The Oregonian daily. Insanity: About time for an assassination: Trump death threats swamp Twitter ; Numerous disgruntled Americans have taken to Twitter to encourage the murder of Donald Trump, echoing the reaction to Barack Obamas 2008 election victory, albeit from a different side of the political spectrum.
Middle School students chant 'Build that wall' : ""Tears were running down my face,"" said Josie, who is Mexican-American. ""I was so upset. A friend went to the bathroom crying.
Obamas post-presidential $5.3 mn Washington mansion : Photos: Realtors estimated that the residence would cost about $22,000 a month. Its not known if Obama, who has a net worth of up to $7 million, and is entitled to a presidential pension of $203,700 a year, is paying the going rate.",0
6504,10 Medicinal Plants For Your Survival Garden,"10 Medicinal Plants For Your Survival Garden 
A lot of the medicine that is currently distributed by the United States health system is extremely expensive and filled with unnatural chemicals that have horrible side effects. Adding medicinal plants to your garden can not only save your pocketbooks, it can also save your life! These 10 medicinal plants can be grown in your garden: 1. Aloe Vera Aloe vera grows well under the sun with well-drained or moist soil. Its sap is useful for speeding up healing and reducing skin infections. It can help heal wounds, cuts, burns, and eczema. 
Aloe can also help treat: -Ulcerative colitis -Digestive problems 
2. Stinging Nettle 
Stinging Nettle is a quick-growing plant with leaves that are covered with tiny, silica-tipped hairs that can irritate the skin. Nettle prefers rich soil with good moisture content. They enjoy full sun or partial shade. Nettle is a great nutritious addition to the diet and has been used as an herbal remedy in many traditions. 
Stinging Nettle can be used to remedy the following: -Cleanses the blood",0
6505,No-Fly Zone Declared as Militarized Police Prep for Assault on “Front-Line Camp” at Standing Rock,"By Jay Syrmopoulos Pipeline opponents attempting to protect their water supply from the Dakota Access oil pipeline (DAPL), as well as prevent the continued destruction... ",0
6506,Day Before Election #BlackLivesMatter Protesters Heckle Bill Clinton,"
On Monday Bill Clinton campaigned in Greensboro, North Carolina for his wife Hillary Clinton.
Bill was interrupted by several Black Lives Matter protesters chanting “black lives matter,” while holding up a sign.
This was the day before the national election.
",0
6507,Clinton surrogate says ‘nothing new here’ three times in response to Clinton Foundation stories,Clinton surrogate says ‘nothing new here’ three times in response to Clinton Foundation stories  ,0
6509,"From Syrian Rubble to German Concert Halls With a Piano, a Mission and Survivor’s Guilt - The New York Times","WIESBADEN, Germany  —   The pianist starts his show abruptly, with a wail. The words and music are Arabic, but the pain is clear in any language. “How, God?” he sings, “How could God bring you this scourge?” He is performing for a German audience in a quiet German town with   spires. But Aeham Ahmad is thinking of his pulverized, starving neighborhood in Syria, where a few years ago, before coming to Germany as a refugee, he embarked on a strange career by playing concerts in the rubble. He jumps up, bobs his head in an impish little bow, and says by way of introduction: “I’m sorry, I’m not a good piano player. I learned in Syria. It’s not like Mozart and Bach, but this is the way we play it. ” In a Germany deeply torn between embracing and fearing the million migrants who have arrived in the past year, Mr. Ahmad, 27, has set himself the task of putting a human face on his fellow refugees. His aim is to ease their integration and maybe even help the millions more, not least his wife and children, whom he left behind. That mission has become more urgent lately, after Germany was shocked by two separate attacks in which refugees linked to the Islamic State tried to kill civilians. Only the assailants died, but the attacks have left many Germans angry, anxious and ready to slam the door shut. There is already talk of accelerated expulsions. Onstage, Mr. Ahmad flatters his listeners, reassures them, owns them. He tells of his flight from bombs, hunger and repression. He sings of minarets and church bells “calling for peace. ” He declares that “terrorism has no religion,” and that refugees come “to build Germany,” not to harm it. “History will remember that Germany has taken in the Muslims,” he declares, then leads them in a singalong of “All My Little Ducks,” the German equivalent of “Mary Had a Little Lamb. ” He leaves the hall, as usual, in a shower of hugs and selfies. But the next day in his tiny room in the town of Wiesbaden, he lacerates himself over the role he has honed so well: He is “the good refugee,” making “good Germans” feel good about themselves. He cannot help seeing a touch of minstrel show in his act. He imagines how he might look through German eyes: a charity case, a trained animal dancing for treats. “He’s a refugee dog,” he says in a singsong voice. “They play with him, and he’s playing, and he’s happy. ” Before the Syrian catastrophe, Mr. Ahmad, a   Palestinian refugee and the son of a blind violinist, was a piano teacher and music shop salesman. Now, his message of resilience, along with Germans’ desire for a reassuring symbol, has made him Germany’s most popular refugee. He sings, he plays and, sometimes, he smacks the piano in grief and rage. Mr. Ahmad is booked virtually every night, crisscrossing the country from stadiums to modest provincial bars. He has appeared in dozens of uplifting German news accounts and received a prestigious prize named for one of his idols, Beethoven. Christina Aguilera’s film production company has been in touch. “I feel like I’ve been taken out of reality,” he says one day on a bullet train between venues. He grew up, he continues, hearing his father spin his life story into legend, “like you tell stories about Sinbad the sailor. ” But even the   tale of a   blind musician who learned to play the violin pales in comparison with his own fantastical voyage, from Syrian government siege and Islamist extremist rule through shipwreck and exile to uneasy celebrity. Onstage every night, he   that journey. And on every road trip in between, he   it  —   rather mercilessly, like the   artist he has always been. “I feel like a frog that’s being dissected,” he confesses, collapsing into a seat at the start of a     trip to his next gig, which, as always, because of labor restrictions on refugees, he will play for free. “I’m selling myself,” he says, “and I’m not even getting the money. ” Worse, he wonders if he is making any difference: “They clap for me, but the rest”  —   back in Syria  —   “are still in prison, under siege, under bombs. ” His own boys rebuke him: “You didn’t send a plane to bring us. ” God, stop the world from spinning I can’t stand it any more. I’m dizzy. I want to come down. Mr. Ahmad’s life as the   refugee began three years ago when he parked his instrument on a street of destroyed buildings  —   walls collapsed, awnings askew  —   and began to sing. He lived in Yarmouk, a neighborhood on the outskirts of Damascus, the capital, that started as a refugee camp for Palestinians in the 1950s. Over the years, it grew into a bustling district of a   Palestinians and Syrians. But it was now gutted by the Syrian civil war. Government troops kept it cordoned off, pounding it with artillery and sometimes airstrikes. Insurgent groups vied for control. Lack of regular access to food and medicine was beginning to kill some of the most vulnerable starved to death. His only audience was his neighbors, trapped with him. And his goal was almost painfully modest: to keep everyone from losing their minds. “I want to give them a beautiful dream,” he said back then, over a spotty internet link. “To change this black color at least into gray. ” Mr. Ahmad played with a young men’s chorus he called the Yarmouk Guys. Some of his songs were sad, yearning for those who had fled  —   “My emigrants, come back, the mint is still green”  —   some rollicking and funny, skewering Arab and world leaders. His toddler would sit atop the piano girls and old women joined in his father had cameos with his violin. Soon, videos of the performances spread online, first among Syrians, then more widely, a different kind of dispatch from a war so brutal that it had already left much of the world numb. Mr. Ahmad became a symbol of hope and defiance and began to embrace a larger mission: showing that there were human beings stuck in Yarmouk. “Everyone is against the civilians,” he said in a video chat. Eventually, his new fame would help him escape the siege  —   to join the emigrants he sang of. That helps drive his ambivalence and fuel a colossal case of survivor’s guilt. It is also how, after years of online correspondence, my colleague Hwaida Saad and I find ourselves on the main square of Wiesbaden on a late spring afternoon, meeting Mr. Ahmad in person for the first time. It is clear how much he has already changed. He wheels his bike confidently up to the cafe, birdlike and sprightly in a striped shirt and skinny jeans, and wolfs down an éclair. He has learned some staccato English. When his phone rings, which it does constantly, he adopts the brisk, businesslike tone of a performer too busy for all of his fans. “I talk to a million people on the phone,” he tells a caller. “I’m sorry, which one is your concert?” The very first thing he tells us is that he does not want to sugarcoat the experience of exile, or to be anyone’s poster child for Europe as a happy ending. “They see me as a star,” he says. “But still, they look at us funny. ” He says people often ask how it feels to play in Germany, and now, for once, he wants to give the honest answer: “I feel nothing. I close my eyes, and all around me  —   I play and I remember Yarmouk. ” The memory of war is everywhere in Wiesbaden. The dormitory where Mr. Ahmad shares a room with five other refugees is called the American Camp, for the troops it long housed after World War II. Every day, he wheels his bike past brass tiles bearing the names of deported Jews, embedded in sidewalks outside their onetime homes. Many of Mr. Ahmad’s enthusiastic helpers here see aiding refugees as part of Germany’s moral burden, atoning for its Nazi past. When the local newspaper reported that he needed someone to donate a piano, he was offered 30. Mr. Ahmad marches us down a grand avenue lined with palatial villas to a   cafe to meet some friends, elegant women who envelop him in motherly good will. One, Elke Gruhn, the director of an arts center, has adopted Mr. Ahmad’s cause  —   and, effectively, Mr. Ahmad himself. Lately, she has been battling rules that have blocked Mr. Ahmad from being paid for performances, or even collecting the Beethoven prize honorarium of 10, 000 euros, about $11, 200. He has reached a stage in his asylum process that lets him work as, say, a wage laborer. But German rules, Ms. Gruhn says, seem not to envision a refugee artist or musician. So he subsists on the government’s €300 monthly refugee stipend. But still, he keeps playing because that is not just what he does, but who he has become. That evening, as he rushes to yet another concert, he insists that he is not a great pianist, just good at marketing his story. He has invited other refugees to join him at concerts, to ease the minds of Germans who fear that every refugee might be a terrorist. “People will see them sitting and listening to music,” he explains. “Sweet people, following German rules. ” The concert is a hit. But he cannot sleep afterward, and a day later, his mood darkens as he heads to his next show. At the train station, he learns the venue is five hours away, not two, as he was told. Too many patrons are booking too many shows, not coordinating, not considering his exhaustion. Germans, he says, would never subject themselves to such a schedule. “Just say no,” Ms. Gruhn has told him. But he cannot. He feels obligated. As the train zips through a storybook landscape  —   castle turrets, deep woods  —   he brings to mind an enchanted child, unable to stop dancing. Disembarking at Gütersloh, an industrial town clear across the country, he sees a car hit a bicyclist, who falls with a thud. “She’s going to die,” he says. “I know the sound. Just look at it, the blood. She will die for sure. ” But there is no blood. The paramedics think the cyclist will be all right. Is Mr. Ahmad reliving Yarmouk? There’s a little child sleeping in the bed, Hungry, tired, but dreamy. The barrel [bomb] came. It didn’t leave behind the small or the old. The child is up in paradise. So happy, so full. The first time a government fighter jet attacked Yarmouk is seared into Mr. Ahmad’s memory: Dec. 16, 2012. Rockets landed near a United Nations school and a mosque sheltering displaced people. Body parts littered the ground. People fled headlong with hurriedly packed bags. It was a shock to Palestinians raised on the Syrian government’s claim to be their champion. For Mr. Ahmad, it was the start of “a second Nakba,” or disaster, the Palestinians’ name for their displacement in 1948. To him, Yarmouk was a substitute homeland. But his father, born in southern Syria after his parents were driven from their home in the Galilee, had always told him different. “He told me music is our country,” Mr. Ahmad tells us. “And now I’m noticing this is true. ” Mr. Ahmad’s parents, like him, were rescued by music. His father, Ibrahim, lost his sight at 8. He was sent to a school for the blind in Damascus, bound for a life of weaving wicker chairs. But he lied, telling his father that he needed a violin or he would be kicked out of school. He learned to play Arabic classics and opened a music shop in Yarmouk. Later, in the Old City of Damascus, a young Syrian woman named Iman, whose conservative father did not want her studying music, sneaked to Ibrahim’s shop and asked for accordion lessons. Romance ensued, but her father rejected her blind suitor: “You want to be a servant?” So Iman, pretending her accordion needed repairs, took her mother to the shop. Ibrahim played, Iman’s mother sang. A few years later, Aeham Ahmad was born. As a small boy, he watched his father dip wooden slats in water, softening and bending them to build the fat belly of an oud. He remembers his father’s storeroom, a mysterious expanse of broken guitars and pianos. His father enrolled him in an elite music school when he was 6 to learn to read scores and play Western classical music. He worked hard but lacked the grades, and the connections, for a concert career, so he studied music education and worked in the shop. Still, he played with a driven energy. “I always feel I’m not good enough,” Mr. Ahmad says. “I was like this before, and the war made it worse: I play every day to fix something that is screwed up in me. ” One day, Mr. Ahmad noticed a young woman in glasses lingering at the window. Mortified, he pretended to be on the phone. Later, she walked in with shawarma sandwiches. “For me and you,” she said. “We’re going to eat. ” It was a bold move in their traditional neighborhood. But Mr. Ahmad liked that. He felt even luckier after war broke out. His wife gave birth twice while their town was under siege, and she supported him when playing music became risky. “I thank God,” he says, “for having a strong woman. ” When protests against President Bashar   of Syria began in 2011, he says, he watched with interest but did not join. He was reluctant to embrace a cause or identity beyond music, “my own personal revolution. ” Security forces fired on protesters armed rebellion gathered steam. Yarmouk stayed neutral at first, as Palestinian leaders urged. But Syria’s relatively good treatment of Palestinians gave them a stake in the country, and like Syrians, they were divided. Many joined the rebellion. Yarmouk Camp sheltered wounded rebels and displaced civilians, enough to provoke government attacks. Rebels seized the camp, and security forces sealed it off. Officials rarely allowed United Nations aid deliveries. People were shot while picking up food boxes, or arrested, like Mr. Ahmad’s brother Alaa. Food prices soared. Those who could afford to bribe their way out did. Those who could not ate grass. Mr. Ahmad did not try to leave he was wanted for military service. To feed the family, he spent its savings. Then an uncle set his pigeons free and fled himself, leaving the birds’ feed, a mountain of lentils. Mr. Ahmad opened a falafel stand. Falafel should be made of chickpeas, but people were hungry. One day, a shell landed near his stand, killing three customers. Shrapnel hit Mr. Ahmad’s hand. He started playing piano more, to rehabilitate his fingers. That gave him an idea. The lentils were running out, but music never would. He found seven friends sharing a water pipe (tobacco was scarce). One, Mahmoud Tamim, liked to write songs mocking Mr. Assad Mr. Ahmad asked him to write one about Yarmouk. They became the first Yarmouk Guys, Shebab  . For their debut, they pushed the piano to the rubble from the first airstrike and sang the new song, “Yarmouk Is Missing You. ” It remains their biggest hit. The project felt pure back then, but as their fame grew, some singers asked for pay. Next, activists started selling photographs to media outlets. Even Mr. Ahmad saw opportunities. “Always, there is the ego,” he recalls. “They made money off me, but without these photos, I am not famous. ” The attention made it harder to fend off warlords. A   Palestinian faction demanded that he remove a line about Yarmouk’s being “surrounded by cannons,” since the obvious culprit was the government. Then came   Islamists. They objected first to   concerts, later to music in general. “If the Prophet Muhammad were here, they would call him an infidel if he disagreed with them  —   it’s about ‘agree and obey,’” Mr. Ahmad complained at the time in a video chat. “Can they stop the birds from singing?” He stopped playing in public. He hid his electronic keyboard in a duffel bag and climbed to rooftops to play, watching out for government snipers. Still, he felt unsafe. Members of his band were being abducted: Mr. Tamim by security forces, others by Islamist fighters. One day, a gunman set his piano on fire. Finally, Mr. Ahmad cashed in. A German journalist sent enough money to get him and his family out of Yarmouk. Halfway to Turkey, security forces stopped them and threw them in jail, the children included. They got out a week later, but, shaken, they decided that his wife and their children would wait in Syria because relatives are still in danger, we are not disclosing their names. Mr. Ahmad went on alone. Emigration, kidnapping, killing and hunger My heart is torn among my bones, Bleeding blood, fire and light. Misery has crossed the sea. For a while, he was just another refugee. He faded into the masses fleeing then, in August 2015, as the exodus to Europe grew. Paying smugglers, he crossed mountains, dodging checkpoints and border guards. His first boat from Turkey sank, and several people drowned. Mr. Ahmad filmed his second crossing for the BBC. Safe in Europe, he started posting his progress on Facebook. Now, he was traveling openly as the Piano Man of Yarmouk. He arrived in September in Munich, entering Germany at the peak of European sympathy. A wrenching photograph of a drowned Syrian toddler, Alan Kurdi, had gone viral borders were open and Germans were meeting trains with flowers. Mr. Ahmad bounced from camp to camp, but practically everywhere, he found helpers who knew his story. In Stuttgart, an online fan invited him home. They played a   duet, his first German performance. Concert invitations multiplied. In November, the   welcome came to an abrupt end with the Islamic State’s attacks in Paris. Though the killers were European citizens of North African origin, fears grew that sleeper cells were among the Middle Eastern arrivals. There were angry calls to send refugees back. German liberals spreading a message of inclusion seized on Mr. Ahmad, “as if,” he joked, “I’m the only refugee around. ” He performed with German celebrities like the folk singer Judith Holofernes and received the International Beethoven Prize for Human Rights, Peace, Inclusion and the Fight Against Poverty. After migrants attacked women in Cologne on New Year’s Eve, he tried to ease tensions with a concert. Audiences and journalists skewed his story to fit European fears, he says, emphasizing Islamist extremists but playing down the government siege. But he could hardly complain, counting on the attention to speed the paperwork to bring his family to Germany  —   and maybe even smooth others’ path to integration. “I failed to change anything in Syria,” he reasoned, “but here I might have a chance. ” By the time we visit, Mr. Ahmad is used to the contrasts of life in this wealthy German town. Outside his dormitory, spacious houses are draped with lilacs and rhododendrons, and a poster advertises a €50 reward for a lost teddy bear. Rarely alone, he is lonely. He walks head down, video chatting with his wife and boys. He bounces between his dorm room and fancy hotels paid for by concert organizers. He has met the German chancellor, Angela Merkel. Television news amps up fear of refugees and reports occasional attacks on migrants. But Mr. Ahmad insists that no German has ever threatened him. And so, he keeps playing, trying to change German minds  —   and fight stereotypes. A day after the Wiesbaden concert, Mr. Ahmad plays for a high school class. The students listen, rapt, then ask questions that rankle. “If you were still in Syria, would you be fighting for ISIS?” “How could you learn piano in Syria?” He answers gamely: He is against all violence Syrians are the Islamic State’s main victims prewar Syria was troubled, not destitute his family owned several houses and pianos. “How has your integration been?” someone asks. “Perfect,” he says. Just once we see him lose his temper: a wealthy concert host demands €2 change from a €200 train ticket. “Everyone is promoting themselves,” Mr. Ahmad splutters later. In recent weeks, things have improved for Mr. Ahmad. He received residency status and a small apartment. His bureaucratic tangle is solved: Now, he will be able to incorporate a company, hire a manager and be paid for concerts. And finally, days ago, his wife and children arrived. Still he wonders onstage: “Are they feeling the music I’m feeling? Or do they just feel pity because I’m a refugee?” Germans, he tells an audience in Wiesbaden, often ask if he has heard of Mozart. He pauses a beat, then charges into a   medley: Mozart’s Rondo Alla Turca intercut with Beethoven’s “Für Elise. ” He slows down, speeds up, flashes a grin, then swipes a hand up and down the keyboard like Little Richard, or Liberace. The crowd laughs, clapping in time. It is a musical joke, a jab at racist assumptions. And they are in on it.",0
6510,Brisbane Dad Takes 7 Backyard Wickets In â€œFrightening Return To Formâ€,"Follow on Facebook Print This Post 
IMRAN GASHKORI | Sports Editor | 
As excitement for summer cricket builds, Wynnum father Chris Richards has honed his preparation, taking 7 wickets in a “frightening” spell yesterday. 
“They were coming out perfectly,” the 36-year-old said between celebratory beers. The Australian tradition of backyard cricket has gotten much more competitive in recent years. PHOTO: Supplied. 
“Warnie always said one brings two… In this case I went further,” he said. 
The full-time landscaper took the wickets of his three kids (aged 5, 8 & 13) as well as his wife (32) and two kids from down the street (ages unknown). 
“I was a pretty talented junior but my best was only three or four for,” he said. 
Richards claimed the scalps in just four overs on his 16-meter backyard pitch aided by generous electric wickie rules and the controversial one-hand-one-bounce law. Richards vehemently denies that he tampered with the ball, despite half of it being covered in a mysterious tape for the duration of the match. PHOTO: Supplied. 
However, video has emerged of Richards allegedly tampering with the ball with what seems like red electrical tape. 
“The tape was already on the ball before we started playing. That’s well within the rules,” he said. 
Neighbours described his spell as “frightening and intense” but added numerous dismissals were through the six-and-out by-law. 
In addition to his economical and wicket-to-wicket line-and-length bowling style, Richards also used an impressive array of sledges and other psychological tactics to get under the skin of the opposition team. 
His daughter Kayla explains. 
“Dad would dip one in short and I’d have to dive out-of-the-way,” she said. 
“Every time I tried to dodge the short balls, he’d call me a poofter, which doesn’t make any sense to me,” 
Despite the criticism levelled against him, Richards has lashed out at his detractors. 
“You don’t hear Johno (Mitchell Johnson) whinge about how he takes ’em” the one-time 3rd grader said. 
“I’m already growing the mo’ so I can steam in with him when The Ashes start.” 
“I played it smart. Me boy Jacob (aged 8 ) Is a pretty timid kid. I knew after knocking over Darcy (aged 5) with a full toss that he would be pretty nervous at the crease. I banged the first one in short to get him backing away. He was a frightened rabbit after that. All I had to do was put the next one on the stumps. Seven balls later I had his wicket.” 
With additional reporting from the Wynnum Advertiser. 
2 Responses to "" Brisbane Dad Takes 7 Backyard Wickets In “Frightening Return To Form” "" Greg July 6, 2015 at 5:08 pm 
Best one yet boys, keep it up",0
6511,"In 1178, Five Monks at Canterbury Saw Part Of The MOON Explode","posted by Eddie “…Out of the middle of its division, a burning torch sprang, throwing out a long way, flames, coals, and sparks. As well, the moon’s body which was lower, twisted as though anxious, and in the words of those who told me and had seen it with their own eyes, the moon palpitated like a pummelled snake. After this, it returned to its proper state…” The moon is without a doubt, one of the most enigmatic objects in the sky. Thousands of years ago, ancient civilizations observed the sky, watching in awe Earth’s faithful companion. Since time immemorial, the moon has also been the subject of numerous myths and conspiracy theories. All kinds of strange ‘things’ are connected t. Interestingly, in 1178, a group of monks from Canterbury observed how the moon ‘suddenly exploded’ into ‘sparks’, taking a ‘blackish appearance’. If we look history history, we will realize that man times have astronomical events been mistaken for supernatural signs. In ancient times, these events were considered omens, and from time to time, strange lights observed in the sky were interpreted as evil signs. Mysteriously, on June 18th of 1178, monks in Canterbury observed a fascinating sighting. As they looked up to the sky, they witnessed a fascinating event which they described accordingly: “…This year on the Sunday before the Feast of Saint John the Baptist, after sunset when the moon was first seen, a marvelous sign was seen by five or more men sitting facing it. Now, there was a clear new moon, as was usual at that phase, its horns extended to the east, and behold suddenly the upper horn was divided in two. Out of the middle of its division, a burning torch sprang, throwing out a long way, flames, coals, and sparks. As well, the moon’s body which was lower, twisted as though anxious, and in the words of those who told me and had seen it with their own eyes, the moon palpitated like a pummelled snake. After this, it returned to its proper state…” So what did they observe in 1178? Did the moon really blow up? According to researchers, they didn’t actually witness the moon exploding, but they observed a massive impact of a large body that smashed into the moon, forming what we today know is the Giordano Bruno crater. However, there are others who disagree saying that an impact od such magnitude would have sent towards Earth debris that would have resulted in sightings observed by more people on Earth, and not just a few monks. However, studies have shown that the impact would have launched 10 million tons of ejecta into the Earth’s atmosphere in the following weeks. According to a report from NASA , such an impact would have triggered a blizzard-like, week-long meteor storm on Earth –yet there are no accounts of such a storm in any known historical record, including the European, Chinese, Arabic, Japanese and Korean astronomical archives. Withers reported his analysis and other tests of the hypothesis in this month’s issue of Meteoritics and Planetary Science . According to many, if we want to explain what the monks saw from a scientific perspective, then the most plausible explanation is that the monks probably witnessed a massive meteor blow up in the atmosphere. From the monk’s observational point –and only from there— It would have looked as if the moon had exploded, while people from elsewhere would have spotted the phenomenon but only as a bright shooting star. “I calculate that this would cause a week-long meteor storm comparable to the peak of the 1966 Leonids,” he said. Ten million tons of rock showering the entire Earth as pieces of ejecta about a centimeter across (inch-sized fragments) for a week is equivalent to 50,000 meteors each hour. And they would be very bright, very easy to see, at magnitude 1 or magnitude 2. It would have been a spectacular sight to see! Everyone around the world would have had the opportunity to see the best fireworks show in history.” “I think they happened to be at the right place at the right time to look up in the sky and see a meteor that was directly in front of the moon, coming straight towards them.” “That would explain why only five people are recorded to have seen it. Imagine being in Canterbury on that June evening and seeing the moon convulse and spray hot, molten rock into space.” “The memories of it would live with you for the rest of your life.” Source:",0
6513,10 Halloween costumes that will give you the shivers this frightening campaign season,"Sure, all the cool kids may be going as Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump this Halloween, but there are plenty of other scary costumes you may not have considered this spooktacular political campaign season. 
Here are 10 frightening costume suggestions sure to be a hit at any Halloween party. 
Obamacare/Affordable Care Act: Terrify insurance consumers with this costume that is neither affordable nor accessible. And by the way, no you can’t keep your insurance (because that insurer has dropped out of the exchange) and no you can’t keep your doctor (that doctor is now way out of network). 
Hillary Clinton’s Pantsuit: This horrifying costume comes in blaze orange, mauve, Chairman Mao’s “little red book,” and classic pale. Includes: 1) Clinton world domination manifesto 2) approximately 30,000 State Department emails. 
Donald Trump’s Hair : What’s under that house of horrors? You don’t want to know. 
The Newspaper Industry : Talk about your scary costume. Could anything be more frightening than the death spiral American newspapers have been in?",0
6514,VIDEO: Trey Gowdy Made Trump Hating Harry Reid Look Like a Stupid Punk on Live TV ⋆ USA 24,"October 31, 2016 
In case you haven`t heard, the FBI has reopened the email case that might put Hillary Clinton behind bars. When that news broke, Senate minorityleader Harry Reid immediately went after James Comey, director of the FBI, though it make not be what you think. Reid says he’s talked w/ top NatSec officials who say that Comey “possesses explosive information” about Trump’s ties to Russia 
According to Right Scoop : 
“In my communications with you and other top officials in the national security community, it has become clear that you possess explosive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump, his top advisors, and the Russian government – a foreign interest openly hostile to the United States, which Trump praises at every opportunity,” he said. “I wrote to you months ago calling for this information to be released to the public…and yet, you continue to resist calls to inform the public of this critical information.” 
“Your rushed to take this step eleven days before a presidential election, despite the fact that for all you know, the information you possess could be entirely duplicative of the information you already examined which exonerated Secretary Clinton,” he said. 
Enter South Carolina Congressman Trey Gowdy… 
“Thank God he’s leaving is my initial reaction. My second reaction is I didn’t known Mormons use drugs.” 
Game. Set. Match. ",0
6515,"HUGE Air Drill, Over 130 Command Centers in Russia, CIS on Alert","HUGE Air Drill, Over 130 Command Centers in Russia, CIS on Alert 
In addition, over 100 aircraft have been scrambled as part of the drill Originally appeared at RT Over 100 fighter jets, long-range bombers and combat helicopters have been scrambled at their bases across Russia and six post-Soviet states as the allies prepare to test their integrated air defense system in a massive military exercise. 
More than 130 command and control centers have been put on alert in Russia and six former Soviet republics – Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan – the Russian Defense Ministry said in a statement on Wednesday. 
All the countries contribute to the integrated air defense system overseen by the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) – an alliance of former Soviet republics that emerged after the collapse of the USSR. 
The large-scale military exercise is to train high-readiness forces in dealing with “airspace violations, including by hijacked aircraft” as well as “assisting crews of aircraft in distress,” the ministry added. 
Some 100 aircraft, including Su-27, MiG-29 and MiG-31 fighter jets, Su-24 and Su-34 bombers, as well as Su-25 ground attack jets and combat helicopters provided by the allies, are expected to take part in the drill. 
Troops from electronic warfare and surface-to-air missile units are also participating. 
The exercise started at 8am Moscow time with Tu-160, Tu-95MS and Tu-22M3 aircraft given the roles of aggressor. The planes, simulating an adversary force, were spotted over Eastern European and Central Asian airspaces, the Russian military said. 
All units are being coordinated from a Russian Air Force command center located outside Moscow. 
The joint CIS air defense system, established in 1995, currently focuses on protecting the ex-Soviet countries’ airspace as well as providing air or missile strike early warnings and coordinated responses. 
Russia contributes the bulk of the system’s early warning and air defense capacities, with short- and long-range radar stations monitoring the area. 
Notably, the system does not have a single commander. It is collectively controlled by the chiefs of the air defense forces of the member states themselves. 
Bilateral air defense systems between Russia and its neighbors have also been established in recent years. Last December, an air defense agreement between Russia and Armenia was signed by the two countries’ defense ministers, Sergey Shoigu and Seyran Oganyan, respectively. 
In 2013 Moscow signed a separate treaty on a joint regional air defense system with Kazakhstan. Russian and Belarusian anti-aircraft missile forces have already been unified into an integrated system designed to contain any security threats in the European theater. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire",0
6516,If Hillary Clinton Is Charged With Obstruction Of Justice She Could Go To Prison For 20 Years,"By wmw_admin on November 1, 2016 Michael Snyder — The Economic Collapse Oct 30, 2016 
In the world of politics, the cover-up is often worse than the original crime. It was his role in the Watergate cover-up that took down Richard Nixon, and now Hillary Clinton’s cover-up of her email scandal could send her to prison for a very, very long time. When news broke that the FBI has renewed its investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, it sent shockwaves throughout the political world . But this time around, we aren’t just talking about an investigation into the mishandling of classified documents. I haven’t heard anyone talking about this, but if the FBI discovers that Hillary Clinton altered, destroyed or concealed any emails that should have been turned over to the FBI during the original investigation, she could be charged with obstruction of justice. That would immediately end her political career, and if she was found guilty it could send her to prison for the rest of her life. 
I have not seen a single news report mention the phrase “obstruction of justice” yet, but I am convinced that there is a very good chance that this is where this scandal is heading. The following is the relevant part of the federal statute that deals with obstruction of justice … Whoever knowingly alters, destroys, mutilates, conceals, covers up, falsified, or makes a false entry in any record, document, or tangible object with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States or any case filed under Title 11, or in relation to or contemplation of any such matter or case, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. 
If Hillary Clinton is sent to prison for 20 years, that would essentially be for the rest of her life. 
I have a feeling that the FBI is going to find a great deal of evidence of obstruction of justice in Huma Abedin’s emails. But unfortunately there is not likely to be a resolution to this matter before November 8th, because according to the Wall Street Journal there are approximately 650,000 emails to search through… As federal agents prepare to scour roughly 650,000 emails to see how many relate to a prior probe of Hillary Clinton ’s email use, the surprise disclosure that investigators were pursuing the potential new evidence lays bare building tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee. Metadata found on the laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide, suggests there may be thousands of emails sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter. It will take weeks, at a minimum, to determine whether those messages are work-related from the time Ms. Abedin served with Mrs. Clinton at the State Department; how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe. 
Of those 650,000 emails, an inside source told Fox News that “ at least 10,000 ” would be of interest to the investigation. 
At this point, FBI officials have not even begun searching through the emails, because a search warrant has not been secured yet. The following comes from CNN … Government lawyers haven’t yet approached Abedin’s lawyers to seek an agreement to conduct the search. Sources earlier told CNN that those discussions had begun, but the law enforcement officials now say they have not. Either way, government lawyers plan to seek a search warrant from a judge to conduct the search of the computer, the law enforcement officials said. 
But the FBI is reportedly already searching a laptop that was co-owned by Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin, and no warrant was necessary for that search because Weiner is cooperating with the FBI. 
Many have been wondering why FBI Director James Comey would choose to make such a bold move just over a week until election day. Surely he had to know that this would have a dramatic impact on the election, and it is unlikely that he would have done so unless someone had already found something really big. In addition, Comey was reportedly eager to find an opportunity to redeem himself in the eyes of his peers at the FBI. The following is an excerpt from a Daily Mail article that was written by Ed Klein, the author of a recently released New York Times bestseller about the Clintons entitled “ Guilty As Sin “… ‘The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn’t recommend an indictment against Hillary,’ said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades, shares family outings with him, and accompanies him to Catholic mass every week. ‘Some people, including department heads, stopped talking to Jim, and even ignored his greetings when they passed him in the hall,’ said the source. ‘They felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.’ According to the source, Comey fretted over the problem for months and discussed it at great length with his wife, Patrice. He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom. 
So what happens next? 
In the most likely scenario, the FBI will not have time to complete the investigation and decide whether or not to charge Hillary Clinton before the election. This means that we would go into November 8th with this scandal hanging over the Clinton campaign, and that would seem to be very good news for Donald Trump. 
However, it is possible that once the FBI starts searching through these emails that they could come to the conclusion very rapidly that charges against Clinton are warranted, and if that happens we could still see some sort of announcement before election day. 
In the unlikely event that does happen, we could actually see Hillary Clinton forced out of the race before November 8th. 
Once again, this appears to be very unlikely at this point, but it is still possible. 
If Clinton was forced to step aside, the Democrats would need to come up with a new nominee, and that process would take time. In an article later today on The Most Important News I will reveal who I believe that nominee would be. 
In such a scenario, the Democrats would desperately need time to get their act together, and so we could actually see Barack Obama attempt to delay or suspend the election . The legality of such a move is highly questionable, but Barack Obama has not allowed a little thing like the U.S. Constitution to stop him in the past. 
This week is going to be exceedingly interesting – that is for sure. 
The craziest election in modern American history just keeps getting crazier, and I have a feeling that even more twists and turns are ahead. 
It sure seems ironic that Anthony Weiner is playing such a central role this late in the story, and I can’t wait to see what is in store for the season finale.",0
6517,Re: Michelle Obama calls for a ‘president who takes the job seriously’,"WATCH: Pay no attention to 2008 Michelle Obama, because 2016 FLOTUS’ says Hillary’s totally qualified! Posted at 4:44 pm on October 27, 2016 by Doug P. 
As we told you earlier, First Lady Michelle Obama was the headliner at a rally where she was introduced by Hillary Clinton . FLOTUS had praise to offer the Democrat nominee: WATCH: FLOTUS: ""We want a President who takes the job seriously"" https://t.co/H9n7JKbYS7 pic.twitter.com/g3f0JJh8zb 
— CBS News (@CBSNews) October 27, 2016 . @FLOTUS : ""Hillary is a policy wonk. And let me tell you, when you are president, that is a good thing."" pic.twitter.com/uTLQdpDhqG",0
6518,At Least 4 Killed as Train Barrels Into Charter Bus in Biloxi - The New York Times,"A freight train slammed into a charter bus full of people on their way to a casino on Tuesday afternoon in Biloxi, Miss. killing at least four onboard and injuring many more, the authorities said. The bus, which was near its destination in Biloxi on a trip from Austin, Tex. appeared to have gotten stuck on the tracks at a railroad crossing, the Biloxi Police Department said. About 50 people, including many members of a senior center in Texas, were on the bus when the crash occurred, around 2:10 p. m. and almost every passenger appeared to have some injuries, said the police chief, John Miller. “It’s a terrible tragedy,” Chief Miller said at a news conference, adding that the accident was the worst of its kind that he could recall in Biloxi. “It is a terrible, chaotic scene right now, but we have it under control. ” A witness who called 911 and ran to the accident scene described a horrific sight: the locomotive, still running, tearing into the driver’s side of the bus and knocking people out of their seats. “I went out there, and I started hearing sirens,” said Bradley Raye, a manager at Hammett’s Auto Electric, about 200 feet from where the accident occurred. Passengers on the bus, which was operated by the   company Echo Transportation, said they were traveling from Austin, Chief Miller said. One passenger, Jim DeLaCruz, said the bus got stuck trying to cross the tracks, and the driver yelled for everyone to exit as the train barreled toward them. “We were trying to get off ourselves,” Mr. DeLaCruz said in a video interview with The Sun Herald in Biloxi. He escaped uninjured, but his wife appeared to have a leg injury and walked away from the accident with a firefighter tending her. “The train just kept coming and kept coming,” he said. Many of the passengers were from the Bastrop Senior Center, about 30 miles southeast of Austin. They had departed on Sunday morning for a   trip along the Gulf Coast, said Barbara Adkins, the center’s president. On Tuesday afternoon, the group was heading to a casino in Biloxi before stopping in New Orleans. Ms. Adkins said it appeared that some of the passengers were relatives traveling with members of the senior center, which hosts music, entertainment and art events for its members during the week. Gov. Greg Abbott of Texas and his wife, Cecilia, said they were upset by the crash. “Cecilia and I are deeply saddened by the loss of life in this tragic accident, and we extend our prayers to the families who lost loved ones and to all those affected by this tragedy,” they said in a statement. John Ferrari, the chief executive of the TBL Group, which operates Echo Transportation, said he was still gathering information about the crash. Echo, which has a fleet of 113 vehicles, mostly buses and vans, says on its website that it provides travel for schools, tour groups and corporations. Its vehicles have been involved in six crashes in the past two years, but only one resulted in injuries, federal records show. The freight train, which was operated by CSX, was en route to Mobile, Ala. from New Orleans and had three locomotives and 52 cars, the company said. No one on the train was injured. “Our thoughts are with all involved,” the company said in a statement. The CSX rail line originates in New Orleans and runs along the Gulf of Mexico into Mississippi before turning north in Alabama toward Mobile. In Biloxi, the railroad cuts through the southern part of the city, near homes, an industrial area and several casinos. The speed limit for trains there is 45 miles per hour. The crossing at Main Street, which has two gate arms with flashing lights, has been the site of several crashes in recent years, according to federal records. In 2014, a train barreled into a   that had gotten stuck on the tracks, injuring a person on the train. Two months ago, the driver of a Pepsi delivery truck jumped out of the cab when his truck was stuck in the way of a train. A spokesman for CSX said the company would know more about the accident, including the speed of the train at the time of the crash, after its event recorder was reviewed.",0
6519,"A Book Deal for Pantsuit Nation, and Then a Backlash - The New York Times","When Libby Chamberlain, the creator of the   Clinton Facebook group Pantsuit Nation, announced this week that she plans to publish a Pantsuit   book, she framed the publication deal as a collective victory for the group. “A book of YOU. A book BY YOU,” she wrote. “A permanent, beautiful, holdable,       shareable, tearstainable book. ” But pretty swiftly, she faced a backlash from some of the page’s members, who derided the deal as a betrayal of the group’s primary function as a private place for people to share personal stories. Many commenters asked whether people whose stories appeared in the book would be compensated, and how the profits would be spent. Some accused Ms. Chamberlain of crass profiteering. “What a  ! You had the biggest group of new political activists this country has ever seen, and you chose   and profiting off that instead of harnessing that energy to make the country better,” one member wrote on the page. “Very disappointed,’’ another group member fumed. “I was hoping this group would become a powerful force for activism to fight the evil we all have to face. You chose another direction and that’s your right of course. But my energy and money is going elsewhere. ” The book, which is scheduled to be published in May by Flatiron Books, will draw on the stories and images from the group, which now has around four million members. In her original announcement on Monday, Ms. Chamberlain encouraged people who want to submit their posts and stories to contact her, and said that she would seek permission from others to use their material. In a   post addressing irate members on Wednesday, she explained that the proceeds would be used to “support Pantsuit Nation and the causes that are central to the group. ” She also said that the Pantsuit Nation nonprofit organizations she is forming will help raise money for other   groups, including Planned Parenthood, the American Civil Liberties Union and the Southern Poverty Law Center. Some members voiced their support for Ms. Chamberlain’s plans, arguing that a book would amplify the group’s message beyond Facebook. Still, others saw the deal as another big letdown after their hopes of electing a woman to the country’s highest office were crushed on Nov. 8. “I voted for the first female POTUS and all I got was this lousy book,” one person wrote.",0
6520,The Woman Who Might Find Us Another Earth - The New York Times,"Like many astrophysicists, Sara Seager sometimes has a problem with her perception of scale. Knowing that there are hundreds of billions of galaxies, and that each might contain hundreds of billions of stars, can make the lives of astrophysicists and even those closest to them seem insignificant. Their work can also, paradoxically, bolster their sense of themselves. Believing that you alone might answer the question “Are we alone?” requires considerable ego. Astrophysicists are forever toggling between feelings of bigness and smallness, of hubris and humility, depending on whether they’re looking out or within. One perfect   fall day, Seager boarded a train in Concord, Mass. on her way to her office at M. I. T. and realized she didn’t have her phone. She couldn’t seem to decide whether this was or wasn’t a big deal. Not having her phone would make the day tricky in some ways, because her sons,    Max and    Alex, had a soccer game after school, and she would need to coordinate a ride to watch them. She also wanted to be able to find and sit with her best friend, Melissa, who sometimes takes the same train to work. “She’s my best friend, but I know she has other best friends,” Seager said, wanting to make the nature of their relationship clear. She is an admirer of clarity. She also likes absolutes,   spaces and time to think, but not too much time to think. She took out her laptop to see if she could email Melissa. The train’s   was down. She would have to occupy herself on the commute alone. Seager’s office is on the 17th floor of M. I. T. ’s Green Building, the tallest building in Cambridge, its roof dotted with meteorological and radar equipment. She is a tenured professor of physics and of planetary science, certified a “genius” by the MacArthur Foundation in 2013. Her area of expertise is the relatively new field of exoplanets: planets that orbit stars other than our sun. More particular, she wants to find an Earthlike exoplanet  —   a rocky planet of reasonable mass that orbits its star within a temperate “Goldilocks zone” that is not too hot or too cold, which would allow water to remain liquid  —   and determine that there is life on it. That is as simple as her math gets. Her office is spare. There is a set of bookshelves  —   “Optics” and “Asteroids III” and “How to Build a Habitable Planet”  —   topped with a row of certificates and honors leaning against a chalkboard covered with equations. In addition to the MacArthur award, which doesn’t come with a certificate but with $625, 000, she is proudest of her election to the National Academy of Sciences. Although the line between lunacy and scientific fact is constantly shifting, the search for aliens still occupies the shadows of cranks, and Seager hears from them almost daily, or at least her assistant does. By the standards of her universe, Seager is famous. She is careful about the company she keeps and the words she chooses. She isn’t searching for aliens. She’s searching for exoplanets that show signs of life. She’s searching for a familiar blue dot in the sky. That means Seager, who is 45, has given herself a very difficult problem to solve, the problem that has always plagued astronomy, which, at its essence, is the study of light: Light wages war with itself. Light pollutes. Light blinds. Seager has a commanding view of downtown Boston from her office window. She can sweep her eyes, hazel and intense, all the way from the gold Capitol dome to Fenway Park. When Seager works at night and the Red Sox are in town, she sometimes has to close her curtains, because the ballpark’s white lights are so glaring. And on this morning, after the sun completed its rise, her enviable vista became unbearable. It was searing, and she had to draw her curtains. That’s how light can be the object of her passion and also her enemy. Little lights  —   exoplanets  —   are washed out by bigger lights  —   their stars  —   the way stars are washed out by our biggest light, the sun. Seager’s challenge is that she has dedicated her life to the search for the smallest lights. The vastness of space almost defies conventional measures of distance. Driving the speed limit to Alpha Centauri, the nearest star grouping to the sun, would take 50 million years or so our fastest current spacecraft would make the trip in a relatively brisk 73, 000 years. The   star is six   away. To rocket across our galaxy would take about 23, 000 times as long as a trip to Alpha Centauri, or 1. 7 billion years, and the Milky Way is just one of hundreds of billions of galaxies. The Hubble Space Telescope once searched a tiny fragment of the night sky, the size of a penny held at arm’s length, that was long thought by astronomers to be dark. It contained 3, 000 previously unseen points of light. Not 3, 000 new stars  —   3, 000 new galaxies. And in all those galaxies, orbiting around some large percentage of each of their virtually countless stars: planets. Planets like Neptune, planets like Mercury, planets like Earth. As late as the 1990s, exoplanets remained a largely theoretical construct. Logic dictated that they must be out there, but proof of their existence remained as out of reach as they were. Some scientists dismissed efforts to find exoplanets as “stamp collecting,” a derogatory term within the community for hunting new, unreachable lights just to name them. (Even among astronomers, there can be too much stargazing.) It wasn’t until 1995 that the colossal 51 Pegasi b, the first widely recognized exoplanet orbiting a sunlike star, was found by a pair of Swiss astronomers using a   spectrograph. The Swiss didn’t see 51 Pegasi b no one has. By using a complex mathematical method called radial velocity, they witnessed the planet’s gravitational effect on its star and deduced that it must be there. There has been an explosion of knowledge in the relatively short time since, in part because of Seager’s pioneering theoretical work in using light to study the composition of alien atmospheres. When starlight passes through a planet’s atmosphere, certain potentially   gases, like oxygen, will block particular wavelengths of light. It’s a way of seeing something by looking for what’s not there. Light or its absence is also the root of something called the transit technique, a newer, more efficient way than radial velocity of finding exoplanets by looking at their stars. It treats light almost like music, something that can be sensed more accurately than it can be seen. The Kepler space telescope, launched in 2009 and now trailing 75 million miles behind Earth, detects exoplanets when they orbit between their stars and the telescope’s mirrors, making tiny but measurable partial eclipses. A planet the size of Jupiter passing in front of its sun might result in a 1 percent dip in the amount of starlight Kepler receives, a drop that, in time, reveals itself to be as regular as rhythm, as an orbit. The transit technique has led to a bonanza of finds. In May, NASA announced the validation of 1, 284 exoplanets, by far the largest single collection of new worlds yet. There are now 3, 414 confirmed exoplanets and an additional 4, 696 suspected ones, the count forever increasing. Before Kepler, the nature of the transit technique meant that most of those exoplanets were “Hot Jupiters,” giant balls of hydrogen and helium with short orbits, making them scalding, lifeless behemoths. But in April 2014, Kepler found its first   exoplanet in its star’s habitable zone:  . It’s about 10 percent larger than Earth and orbits on the outer reaches of where the temperature could allow life. No one knows the mass, composition or density of   but its discovery remains a revelation. Kepler was searching, somewhat blindly, an impossibly small sliver of space, and it found a potentially habitable world more quickly than anyone might have guessed. In August, astronomers at the European Southern Observatory announced that they had detected a somewhat similar planet orbiting Proxima Centauri, the single star closest to us after the sun. They named it Proxima Centauri b. Studying the data, Seager supported the discovery and agreed that it might boast a    —   or at least     —   surface temperature. There are now nearly 300 confirmed exoplanets or candidates orbiting within the habitable zones of their stars. Extrapolating the math, NASA scientists now believe that there are tens of billions of potentially   planets in the Milky Way alone. The odds practically guarantee that a habitable planet is somewhere out there and that someone or something else is, too. In some ways, the search for life is now where the search for exoplanets was 20 years ago: Common sense suggests a presence that we can’t confirm. Seager understands that we won’t know they’re out there until we more truly lay eyes on their home and see something that reminds us of ours. Maybe it’s the color blue maybe it’s clouds maybe, however many generations from now, it’s the orange electrical grids of alien cities, the black rectangles of their lightless Central Parks. But how could we ever begin to look that far? “Everything brave has to start somewhere,” Seager says. The beginning of her next potential breakthrough hangs on the wall opposite the window in her office. It is a   scale model of a single petal of something called the starshade. She has been a leading proponent of the starshade project, and outside her teaching, it is one of her principal professional concerns. Imagine that   aliens with our present technology were trying to find us. At best, they would see Jupiter. We would be lost in the sun’s glare. The same is true for our trying to see them. The starshade is a way to block the light from our theoretical twin’s sun, an idea floated in 1962 by Lyman Spitzer, who also laid the groundwork for space telescopes like Hubble. The starshade is a huge shield, about a hundred feet across. For practical reasons that have to do with the bending of light, but also lend it a certain cosmic beauty, the starshade is shaped exactly like a sunflower. By Seager’s hopeful reckoning, one day the starshade will be rocketed into space and unfurled, working in tandem with a new space telescope like the Wfirst, scheduled to launch in the  . When the telescope is aimed at a particular planetary system, lasers will help align the starshade, floating more than 18, 000 miles away, between the telescope and the distant star, closing the curtains on it. With the big light extinguished, the little lights, including a potential Earthlike planet and everything it might represent, will become clear. We will see them. The trouble is that sometimes the simplest ideas are the most complicated to execute. About once a decade since Spitzer’s proposal  —   he could work out the math but not the mechanics  —   someone else has taken up the cause, advancing the starshade slightly closer to reality before technological or political inertia set in. Three years ago, Seager joined a new,   study to try to overcome the final practical hurdles NASA then chose her from among her fellow committee members to lead the effort. After those decades of false starts, Seager and her team have already succeeded in making the starshade seem like a real possibility. NASA recognized it as a “technology project,” which is   speak for “this might actually happen. ” Today the starshade is a piece of buildable, functional hardware. Seager packs that single petal into a battered black case and wheels it, along with a miniature model of the starshade, into classrooms and conferences and the halls of Congress, trying to find the momentum and hundreds of millions of dollars that allow impossible things to exist. “If I want the starshade to succeed, I have to help mastermind it,” Seager says. “The world sees me as the one who will find another Earth. ” She has her intelligence, and her credentials, and her audience. She has her focus. But maybe more than anything else, Seager understands in ways few of us do that sometimes you need darkness to see. Seager grew up in Toronto, wired in a way all her own. “Ever since I was a child, there was just something about me that wasn’t quite like the others,” she says. “Kids know how to sort through who’s the same and who’s different. ” After her parents divorced, her father, Dr. David Seager, achieved a certain fame by becoming one of the world’s leaders in hair transplants. The Seager Hair Transplant Center still operates and bears his name a decade after his death. David Seager was besotted with his bright daughter and wanted her to become a physician. Seager did her best to fit in. Sometimes she did mostly she didn’t. Eventually, she gave up trying. She still talks breathlessly  —   “without enough modulation,” she has learned by listening to other people talk. She has never had the patience to invest in something like watching TV. “Things just move too slowly,” she says. “It feels like a drag. ” She sleeps a lot, but that’s just a concession to her biology she recognizes that she’s a more efficient machine when she’s rested. But if Seager’s apartness didn’t make her insecure, it also made her feel as though the expectations of others didn’t apply to her. “I loved the stars,” she says. When she was 16, she bought a telescope. Friendless for most of her childhood, Seager eventually forged her way to her own vision of the good life. She found and married a quiet man named Mike Wevrick, whom she met on a ski trip with her canoe club. He had seen something in her that nobody other than her father fully saw he saw her as special as well as strange. Later, she graduated from Harvard, an early expert in exoplanets. (51 Pegasi b was discovered just when she was searching for a thesis topic. “I was born at the perfect time,” she says.) She and Wevrick had Max and Alex Seager was hired by M. I. T. and she and Wevrick and the boys moved into a pretty yellow Victorian in Concord, Mass. She took the train to work. Wevrick, a freelance editor, managed just about everything that didn’t involve the search for intelligent life in the universe. Seager never shopped for groceries or cooked or pumped gas. All she had to do was find another Earth. Then, in the fall of 2009, Wevrick got a stomachache that drove him to bed. They figured it was the flu. Wevrick didn’t have the flu, but a rare cancer of the small intestine. They were told that the initial prospects were good, and he fought the cancer sufferer’s systematic fight. But while laws govern astrophysics, cancer is an anarchist. About a year after Wevrick’s diagnosis, he and Seager went   skiing, and he couldn’t keep up. A few more terrible months passed, and he began writing out a methodical   list, practical advice for Seager after his death. It wasn’t a love letter it was an instruction manual for life on Earth. By June 2011, he was 47 and in home hospice. Seager asked him how to get the roof rack that carried his canoes off the car. “It’s too complicated to explain,” Wevrick said. That July, he died. The first couple of months after Wevrick’s death were weird. Seager felt a surprising sense of relief from the uncertainties of sickness, a kind of liberation. She didn’t care about conventions like money, which she had never needed to manage, and she took the boys on some epic trips. There are pictures of them smiling together in the deserts of New Mexico, on mountaintops in Hawaii. Then one day, she went into Boston for a haircut, got turned around and accidentally walked into a lawyer’s office next to the salon. Seager ended up talking to a woman inside. That woman was also a widow, and she told Seager that there would be a moment, as inevitable as death itself, when her feelings of release would be replaced by the more lasting aimlessness of the lost. Seager walked back outside, and just like that, the world came out from under her feet. She fell into an impossible blackness. Later that winter, she took the boys sledding at the big hill in Concord. Two other women and their children were there. Seager stared at them coldly. They were smiling and carefree with their perfect, blissful lives. Seager felt ugly and ruined next to them. Then Alex, who was 6 at the time, had a meltdown. He sprawled himself across the hill so that the other children couldn’t go down it. The two other mothers tried to get him to move. “He has a problem,” Seager told them. They continued to try to shift him. “HE HAS A PROBLEM,” Seager said. “MY HUSBAND DIED. ” “Mine, too,” one of the other women said. That was Melissa. A few weeks later, on Valentine’s Day, Seager was invited to her first gathering of the widows. Today, Melissa says she could detect the telltale “flintiness” of the recently bereaved the moment she saw Seager on the hill. Now there were six widows united in Concord, each   each in a different stage of grief, drawn together by the peculiar pull of the unlucky. Three had been widowed by cancer, two by accidents  —   bicycling and hiking  —   and one by suicide. Melissa’s husband was four years gone, Seager’s seven months. Widowhood was like a new universe for Seager to explore. She had never understood many social norms. The celebration of birthdays, for instance. “I just don’t see the point,” she says. “Why would I want to celebrate my birthday? Why on earth would I even care?” She had also drawn a hard line against Christmas and its myths. “I never wanted my kids to believe in Santa. ” After Wevrick’s death, she became even more of a satellite, developing a deeper intolerance for life’s ordinary concerns. Making dinner seemed an insurmountable chore, the routine of school lunches a form of torture. The roof needed to be replaced, and she didn’t have the faintest idea how to get it fixed. She wasn’t sure how to swipe credit cards. If the answers to her questions weren’t somewhere on Wevrick’s three wrinkled sheets of paper, it could feel as though they were locked in a safe. There was a pendant light in her front hall, where the boys would fight with their toy lightsabers, and sometimes they would hit the light with their wild swings. Seager decided that either the light or one of the boys was going to end up damaged. She asked the widows how to do electrical work  —   “I have to parcel out things with logic and evidence,” she says  —   got out the ladder and took down the light, carefully wrapping black tape around the ends of the bare wires that now poked through the hole in the ceiling. She remembers thinking that her removing that light, all by herself, represented the height of her new accomplishment. She felt so reduced. She felt so gigantic. For all of her real and perceived strangeness, the most unusual thing about Seager is her blindness to her greatest gift. She is more than aware of her preternatural mathematical abilities, her possession of a rare mind that can see numbers and their functions as clearly as the rest of us see colors and shapes. “I’m good at that stuff,” she says with her brand of factual certainty that is sometimes confused with arrogance. She knows she is unusually capable of turning abstract concepts into things that can be packed into a case. What she doesn’t always see is her knack for connection between places if not always people, the unconventional grace she possesses when it comes to closing unfathomable distances. Seager has lined the hallway outside her office with a series of magical travel posters put out by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. Each gives a glimpse of the alien worlds that, in part because of her, we now know exist. There’s a poster for   an exoplanet that orbits a pair of stars, like Luke Skywalker’s home planet of Tatooine.   is depicted with red grass and red leaves on its trees, because its star is cooler and redder than the sun, which might influence photosynthesis in   ways. There’s even one for PSO J318.  a rogue planet that doesn’t orbit a star but instead wanders across the galaxy, cast in perpetual darkness, swept by rain of molten iron. After the discovery of Proxima Centauri b, Seager wrote a galactic postcard from it for the website Quartz. She closed her eyes and imagined a world 25 trillion miles away. “For the average earthling,” she wrote, “visiting this planet might not be much fun. ” She saw a planet perhaps a third larger than Earth, with an orbit of only 11 days. Given its proximity to its small, red star, she suggested that the ultraviolet radiation on Proxima Centauri b is probably intense but the light  . She also deduced that Proxima Centauri b is “tidally locked. ” Like the moon’s relationship to Earth, one side of the planet always faces its star, which is always in the same place in its sky. Parts of Proxima Centauri b are cast in perpetual sunrise or sunset. One side is always in darkness. At first, after Wevrick’s death, Seager thought about abandoning her work, because she was having such a hard time with her responsibilities at home. Her dean talked her out of quitting, giving her financial support to hire caregivers for the boys and urging her to redouble her efforts. “I had worked so hard,” she says. “I had all the years I called the lost years with Mike when I ignored him. We had little tiny kids. I was working all the time, exhausted all the time. But I was like: We’ll have money some day. We’ll have time some day. ” She paused. Her face was blank, emotionless. “Now I’ll cry. ” Seconds later, tears spilled out of her eyes, and her voice modulated. “I wanted to make it up to him, and I never did. ” Seager has always found comfort and perhaps even solace in her work, in her search for another and maybe better version of our world. In her mourning, each discovery represented one more avenue of escape. In the spring of 2013, she was given responsibility for the starshade. That July, she met a tall,   man named Charles Darrow. Darrow, who is now 53, was an amateur astronomer and the president of the Toronto branch of the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada, and at the last minute he decided to go to the society’s annual meeting in Thunder Bay, Ontario. Darrow was on his way out of a profoundly unhappy marriage he worked for his family business, an   wholesaler. He needed a break, and he pointed his car north. “I wanted to be alone,” he says. At a reception on the Friday evening, Darrow noticed a   woman staring at him from across the room. “I thought she was looking at someone behind me,” he says. Then he went into the lecture hall, and the same woman was that night’s keynote speaker. She talked about exoplanets. The next day, lunch was in a university cafeteria. The woman was in the salad line ahead of him, and she turned around. Darrow mustered up his courage and invited Sara Seager to join him. “I knew about five minutes into the conversation that my life was going to change,” he says. Seager was taken with Darrow the night she saw him in Thunder Bay. She had been struck by the contrast between the whiteness of his shirt and his tanned summer skin. But she didn’t have the same certainty that possessed him at their lunch the next day. She wasn’t sure how to develop a relationship across the 549 miles between her home in Concord and his home outside Toronto. She thought they might never cross paths again. They might not have, except Darrow resolved during his drive back home that he had to call her. He picked up the phone five times but always hung up before she answered. On the sixth, he spoke to her, beginning a long correspondence, emails and conversations over Skype. Darrow and Seager talked every way but face to face. They fell in love remotely. “I had to follow my heart,” Darrow says. “I decided that I wasn’t going to die unhappy. ” Melissa, meanwhile, told Seager that if she could close the gap between here and a planet like    —   a journey that would take us 500   to complete  —   then the 549 miles between Concord and Toronto shouldn’t seem like such an insurmountable gulf. By her usual measures, he was right next door. Seager and Darrow married in April 2015. In different ways, each had rescued the other. Seager was the cataclysm that allowed Darrow to make every correction. He divorced, left his family business and moved into a pretty yellow Victorian in Concord. The two boys started calling him dad. For Seager, Darrow was a second chance to know love, even deeper than the one she had known, because it seemed so improbable in her sadness. “I feel so lucky to have found him,” Seager says. “What are the chances?” Adapting to his new life hasn’t always been easy for Darrow. He is determined, as he puts it, “to make Sara the happiest woman in the multiverse. ” He cooks dinner he helps take care of the boys he maintains the house he walks with Seager to the train station every morning, and he picks her up every night. He has chosen to take care of the mundane so that she can devote herself to the extraordinary. But he banged his head more than once on Wevrick’s canoe, which still hung from the back of the garage. Not long ago, Darrow was looking for the right ways to assert his presence, to make a claim to a house that didn’t always feel like his. The wires dangling from the front hall ceiling bothered him. They looked bad and seemed dangerous. A few months after his arrival in Concord, he took his opening. He carved out some of the plaster, installed a plastic box, ran the wires through it and hooked up a new fixture, flush mounted, so that the boys wouldn’t hit it during their duels. Darrow climbed down from the ladder and flicked the switch. The morning after she forgot her phone, Seager woke up and decided, just like that, to skip the commute. With the house to herself, she tried to make coffee. She left out part of the machine, and after some terrible noises, the pot was bone dry. She sat down at her kitchen table with her empty mug and began talking about hundreds of billions of galaxies and their hundreds of billions of stars. Tens of billions of habitable planets, far more of them than there are people on Earth. There has to be other life somewhere out there. We can’t be that special. “It would be arrogant to think so,” Seager said. But in her lifetime, after the Wfirst telescope rockets into orbit, and maybe her starshade follows it  —   she puts the chances of success at 85 percent  —   she will have time to explore only the nearest hundred stars or so. A hundred stars out of all those lights in the sky, a fraction of a fraction of a fraction. Will one of them have a small, rocky planet like Earth? Probably. Will one of those small, rocky planets have liquid water on it? Possibly. Will the planet sustain life? Now the odds tilt. Now they are working against her, and she knows it. Now they’re maybe one in a million that she’ll find what she’s looking for. She did some private math. “I believe,” she said. Seager’s discovery will be   if it comes, but it will also be quiet, a few pixels on a screen. It will obey the laws of physics. It will be a probability equation: What are the chances? We won’t discover that there is life on other planets the way we’ve been taught that we’ll learn. There won’t be some great mother ship descending from the sky over Johannesburg or a bizarre lightning storm that monsters will ride to New Jersey. What Seager will have is a photograph from a space telescope of a distant solar system, with its star eclipsed by her starshade, and with a familiar blue dot some safe and survivable distance away from it. That’s all the evidence she will have that we’re not alone, and that will be all the evidence she will need. Her proof of life will be a small light where there wasn’t one before.",0
6521,U.S. LAWMAKERS RAISE PRIVACY CONCERNS OVER NEW HACKING RULES,"Home › SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY › U.S. LAWMAKERS RAISE PRIVACY CONCERNS OVER NEW HACKING RULES U.S. LAWMAKERS RAISE PRIVACY CONCERNS OVER NEW HACKING RULES 0 SHARES [10/27/16] A bipartisan group of lawmakers in the U.S. Congress on Thursday asked the Justice Department to clarify how a looming rule change to the government’s hacking powers could impact privacy rights of innocent Americans. The change, due to take place on December 1, would let judges issue search warrants for remote access to computers located in any jurisdiction, potentially including foreign countries. Magistrate judges can normally only order searches within the jurisdiction of their court, which is typically limited to a few counties. “We are concerned about the full scope of the new authority that would be provided to the Department of Justice,” 23 senators and representatives wrote to Attorney General Loretta Lynch. The Supreme Court in April approved amendments to Rule 41 of the federal rules of criminal procedure that would allow judges to issue warrants in cases when a suspect uses anonymizing technology to conceal the location of his or her computer or for an investigation into a network of hacked or infected computers, such as a botnet. Those amendments will take effect on December 1 of this year unless Congress passes legislation that would reject, amend or postpone the changes. Some lawmakers, led by Democratic Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, have introduced legislation that would halt the changes, but it has yet to gain much traction. Post navigation",0
6522,France Eases Rules for Police to Carry Guns While Off Duty - The New York Times,"PARIS  —   France eased its gun rules on Wednesday to allow   police officers to carry their sidearms even if the nation is not in a state of emergency. The move was a response to an attack on Monday in which an Islamic State assailant fatally stabbed a policeman and his companion at their home while their child was there. The eased rules, welcomed by France’s police unions, came as the authorities in Belgium alerted police that more attacks appeared to be in advanced planning stages and could be imminent. A group of extremists have left Syria and divided into smaller groups headed for Belgium and France, the warning said. The information was reported by a Belgian newspaper, La Dernière Heure, which said police had received an alert that “combatants left Syria about a week and a half ago in order to reach Europe via Turkey and Greece, by boat, without passports. ” Belgian counterterrorism officials tried to play down the significance of the warning. The Belgian Coordinating Body for Threat Analysis, which reviews and evaluates intelligence and other   information, did not raise the country’s alert level, and said in a statement that the warning, leaked to the newspaper, “had not been contextualized and, in its current form, has no direct impact on the current threat level. ” Brussels, the capital, was virtually shut down in November after attacks in and around Paris left 130 people dead and the authorities warning of the possibility of an imminent attack in Belgium. Officials did not dispute the authenticity of the new warning, which described the   assailants as armed and poised to strike. Among the possible targets in Belgium were embassies, restaurants, hospitals, hotels, concert halls and pedestrian streets, according to the warning. When pressed about the information, Paul Van Tigchelt, the director of the   body  —   known by its French initials, OCAM, as well as its Flemish initials, OCAD  —   described it as “raw intelligence. ” Raw intelligence generally refers to information that is largely unverified, may originate from a single source and has not yet been corroborated. However, with the Euro 2016 soccer tournament underway in France and drawing huge crowds to city centers and areas around stadiums, the report from Belgium was consistent with assessments by security officials that its neighbor faces a persistent and serious risk. There are already a number of Belgian and French citizens or residents who have fought for the Islamic State or other groups in Syria or Iraq and then returned home, as was the case with a number of people who took part in either the Paris or Brussels attacks. In testimony before Belgium’s Parliament on Wednesday, Justice Minister Koen Geens said that as of June 7, 114 Belgian fighters had returned from the   conflict zone and that seven of them had since died. The number of returnees in France is about 244, one of the top French intelligence officials, Patrick Calvar, told lawmakers last month. French officials did not respond specifically to Belgium’s most recent warning of returning jihadists. But Prime Minister Manuel Valls of France, speaking on France Inter radio Wednesday, made clear that the country must be prepared for more attacks. “Other innocent people will lose their lives,” he said. “You could accuse me of making society even more anxious than it already is, given all the events that have happened. But sadly, this is the reality. ” He was referring not only to the November attacks, but also to the fatal stabbings in France on Monday by an extremist who asserted loyalty to the Islamic State. “This is generational, we have hundreds of individuals who are radicalized,” Mr. Valls said. There was no change to the threat level in France on Wednesday. France has maintained a state of emergency since the Nov. 13 Paris attacks, and considers the risk of attack high. However, French police officers were particularly on edge after stabbings on Monday of an   officer and his companion, an Interior Ministry employee. The country’s police unions met with Interior Ministry officials on Wednesday and emerged saying they had received indefinite permission to carry their work guns, even when off duty. They are permitted to do so now under    provisions, but those will expire on July 26. Many police officers had worried that the expiration would make them more vulnerable. The extended permission for   carrying, given by Bernard Cazeneuve, the interior minister, is not permanent, but does not have an end date. A far less nervous and combative mood prevailed in Magnanville, the small town west of Paris where the stabbings took place. About 200 people gathered at noon on Wednesday for a moment of silence at the end of the street where the policeman lived with his family. They listened quietly to remarks from the town’s mayor and sang the national anthem, “La Marseillaise. ” Only a few of the mourners complained that France had too many mosques, a   sentiment expressed in parts of France in response to fears of Islamic extremists. Men representing area Muslim groups came to pay their respects, standing a bit apart as if they were outsiders, although they were from neighboring towns. One of them, Abdelaziz El Jaouhari, who is the secretary general for the Council of Muslims for the department of Yvelines, said France needed more proper mosques to help fight radicalism. A department is a local unit of government, similar to a county. “We do not have enough official places of prayer for the community, and it is much better for young people to be in official places of worship rather than with those networks they find in basements and I don’t know where,” Mr. Jaouhari said.",0
6523,FULL TEXT: MILO on why the Democrats Lost the White Working Class - Breitbart," Welcome to the Dangerous Faggot Tour! I’m Milo, the supervillain of the Internet. I’m happy to be with you here tonight for my second show in Colorado.[  I hear the protesters aren’t having too much fun out there in this weather. Shame. Poor lambs. My team and I actually found the public ANTIFA Facebook group behind the protest out there. In it, they discussed whether or not they should wear masks to hide their identities, using their Facebook names, for all to see. No I am not making this up my enemies are that fucking stupid. Here’s one of them, peacefully expressing his dislike for me. Where are you Gabe? I’d like you to try now please, if you’re hearing this! Come on. Fucking idiots. Anyway, moving on  …     The Democrats have absolutely no idea what happened to them this election. But to me, it is extremely obvious.  The Democrats have gone from being the party of the common man, to the party of the cuckold. Once upon a time, this was the voter the Democrat party supported.  This man worked hard in a dirty and dangerous environment, often shortening his life from disease and injury, for the American   to give his family a better life. This type of man was and still is the backbone of this country, and he exists today in factories and yes even in coal mines.  Coal mines the left will proudly tell you they want to put out of business. But this type of guy is no longer welcome by the progressives and the Democrats. They have a new favorite voter. Here he is! The current year Democrat. The social justice warrior. He doesn’t work, or if he does it is the service industry, because he is too busy complaining about things. He probably joined the Women’s March on Washington trying to hook up with some women after white knighting them. What this profound change represents is a massive shift completely into the extreme fringe of leftist politics, which we call Identity Politics. What matters is your minority group, and how aggrieved you are. The white working class is incompatible with those who have taken over the left. Nannying schoolmarms. Haughty college professors and worse yet, their brainwashed students shouting slogans. Race hustlers that define them as “part of the problem” just because they are white. I frankly don’t blame anyone for running away from the left, do you? Let’s be clear about what the left lost. The white working class turned against the Democrat party in a historic fashion during this election. The numbers are stunning, even to someone as stunning as me. I’m not a dataporn kind of faggot like those   losers at the Guardian and the spectacularly dreadful FiveThirtyEight but I have to share a few of the key stats from Pew Research with you.   whites voted for Donald Trump by a 4% margin. This is similar to how they voted for Mitt Romney. That is a bit embarrassing to be honest, but we have to admit that those goofy #NeverTrump people are all college eggheads. Proof that college can make you dumber. But the numbers for those that didn’t graduate college are amazing. A 39% margin for Trump! These are the deplorables, ladies and gentlemen, just as much as the hip millennials posting Pepe on Twitter. Let’s be clear about one thing.   educated doesn’t mean stupid. It means you wisely chose not to pay $40, 000 a year to be lectured on microaggressions. Some of the smartest and most successful people in history have been either college dropouts, like me, or people who never attended at all, like a lot of my crew on this tour. They are smarter  —   and so am I  —   than 90 per cent of the people in this room. They’re already more successful and they already have more enjoyable jobs and have more political and cultural influence than most of the people in this room. No offense! But my point is that “  educated” isn’t a synonym for dumb redneck or idiot. A good 50 per cent of the most successful people I know didn’t get a university degree. The split among all voters is also amazing. All college graduates went to Hillary by a 9% margin, while all people without degrees went to Trump by 8%. We haven’t seen this kind of gap since 1980. So rather than smart versus dumb, try to think of this split in cultural terms. When we look at the way counties voted in battleground states, it is a similar story. Trump won Wisconsin by taking 10 counties that typically go Democrat. Kenosha County has been Democrat since 1972, but it went to Trump.  Similar stories and countries exist in every state. The evidence very clearly shows the left lost the white working class. The working class has always been a Democrat stronghold, mostly due to the Democrat control of labor unions. A long time ago when labor unions had a real purpose, Democrats fought for things we value now, like a 40 hour workweek and ending child labor. As you might guess, I wouldn’t mind child labor coming back because I don’t like kids much, but even I know GENERALLY we are better off with kids going to school. Liberals have lots of theories for why working class whites abandoned them. The most obvious of which is their old standby, “they are racist”.  That’s absurd  …     the same counties I just mentioned all voted for Obama, most of them twice. They will also argue that whites voted this way out of anger. They voted for the clown candidate out of spite, to hurt the world that hurt them. This is a plot from a poorly written novel, it’s probably in Harry Potter somewhere since that is the only book that millennial liberals can reference. Again, like their other theories, that is insane. American voters had multiple options to express their displeasure with the system. They might vote for third party candidates like Crazy Jill Stein and high as a kite Gary Johnson. Maybe even the heroic Jeb Bush. Or they could just stay home.  And guess what, Democrats did all three to varying degrees in different states.  The Democrat push to get Republicans to vote third party failed disastrously at the same time. That McMuffin guy wouldn’t even win his home state of Utah. This was Obama’s argument. He famously slapped the very people that elected him in Pennsylvania when he said: “They get bitter they cling to guns or religion or antipathy toward people who aren’t like them or   sentiment or   sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations. ” What an amazing statement. After he said it, a lot of people realized just how out of touch with Americans the President really was. But it turns out it wasn’t just Obama, it was the entire party. Just consider the values of the working class and you will see how incompatible the left has become. The white working class wants jobs. They don’t want to be stuck trying to make ends meet with   work and government assistance. They want a good paying job that they can take pride in. The type of job that has fled America thanks to the left. The white working class wants safety. They want to work hard while not worrying that their family is in danger from terrorists or criminals. It’s a basic American value as captured by Norman Rockwell. The white working class wants freedom to do what they want. If they work a long shift, they don’t want scolding yuppies telling them they can’t drink a large soda. They don’t want to be lectured for enjoying a movie with some TA. They certainly don’t want to sit down to a video game only to be lectured about sex and violence. They want to watch a NASCAR race without being lectured about global warming by people who fly around in private planes. And finally, they want freedom of speech. They don’t want to be told what they can say and they don’t want to be called racist or be told they are bitterly clinging to God and guns for disagreeing with their elected politicians. You see actually it’s often the working classes who enjoy the most subversive art. Madonna, Marilyn Manson, Guns and Roses. These are mainstream artists but they are artists who appeal primarily to the working classes. What they all have in common is that they push or pushed the boundaries of decency and tried out new and dangerous ideas. Like your favourite faggot, Milo Yiannopoulos, they are generally scorned by the ruling elites while being phenomenally popular with ordinary people. Here’s a list of things the modern Democrats value. Globalization  —   Hillary wanted a borderless economic zone. Who do you think suffers the most under globalism? The working class of course, through wage depression, stagnant standards of living and unemployment. Social Justice  —   Identity politics is the heart of social justice, where victims are in a pyramid and the most privileged people on earth are white men. Social justice warriors especially on campus would have the audacity to go up to a coal miner and lecture them on their privilege. If you’re a straight white male, no matter how poor you are or how bad your life has been, forget ever getting any sympathy from the left. Islam  —   Liberals are in love with Islam, mainly because of identity politics. Even the women’s rights march was led by Muslim women with their heads covered! The white working class desires safety for their families, but Islam brings everything but safety. Look at Europe! Free Everything  —   free education, free birth control, free healthcare, free Obamaphones.  All of these things are paid for by SOMEONE, and it isn’t usually the  . It is the paycheck earners who watch their healthcare costs skyrocket. Control of Speech  —   The left wants to control speech and thought. To them, America should be one giant college campus! The working class hates being lectured by Harvard and yes, even by UC Colorado Springs. What the left doesn’t value, however, is the views and identities of the white   voters across America. This past election cycle brought us the most vicious   rhetoric we have seen in years. You’ve undoubtedly noticed feminists brandishing “I Bathe in White Male Tears” signs and such. You’ve likely witnessed the liberal news cycle call out straight white males day after day. The same obnoxious, patronizing tone. They talk to you like you’re a stupid dog who just pissed the rug for the fifth time this week. When that fails, they’ll blame slavery on you. I gotta say, I’m a gay Brit here as a warning from Europe but I watch how ordinary Americans are spoken about and it makes me mad. You could even say I’m offended. This is exactly the type of thing that put Trump into the White House. The more of this, the more voters see Lena Dunham talking about the extinction of the white race  …    . The longer the Republicans will be in power. For years, the left and its various degenerate platoons like Hollywood, New York media and the universities vilified and generalized about an entire race. All the while of course telling us that race was just a social construct. There are nearly 200 million white people in this country. Did you really think enough wouldn’t get tired of you harassing them, lying about them and insulting them and vote to save themselves from your odious bigotry? The left berated, assaulted, and socially ostracised a huge slice of the population based on skin color. If you’re listening to this, and you wrote or tweeted about “white men” being the problem, I want you to know that the next eight years are entirely your fault, so please soak it in. This is the best way to look at it: Take any   male propaganda the left has created and replace the word “white” or “male” with another group. “I Bathe In Black Tears,” wouldn’t go over too well would it? In my case I bathe in another fluid from black people but out of propriety I try not to bring it up too often. The “die cis scum” social media activists of the world either can’t see this, or refuse to acknowledge it. Something similar happened with feminism, you will recall. So the question is,   America: You now know why Trump is your president. You should understand what put him there. What will you do to fix it? Will you stop engaging in lopsided identity politics? Will you abandon them altogether? Or will you continue down the same path? That strange homeless guy, Shia LeBoeuf is completely right: “He will not divide us. ” But the liberal left will and if you look around, they already have, by dividing people into groups based on skin color, sexuality and gender. They have forgotten the lessons of Dr King, who would be horrified by identity politics and probably have voted Trump like Kim and Kanye. We fight outrage culture by being outrageous, and Trump and I are the answer to this need. Within hours of Trump’s presidency, he began working on the exact policies he promised throughout the election. Now the rollback begins, and we use it to our advantage, rebuilding culture brick by brick. I know some of you don’t believe me. Although I’m always proven right, there are still haters who won’t accept that the Democrat party has rejected the white working class so completely. So I am going to let the Democrats themselves tell you, in their own words. This is Sally Boynton Brown, who wants to be the chairman of the Democrat National Committee, on what she thinks the chair of the DNC should do: They all sound as crazy as her folks. She isn’t the Jill Stein of the DNC, she is a mainstream leftist.  They sound exactly like European politicians now, but Europeans don’t blame whites for everything, they just blame the people of their own country, like Germans or Frenchmen. And the emphasis on Islam is the same as Europe too. The Executive director of the Council on   Relations has announced that stopping the influx of Muslim refugees into this country is the moral equivalent of slavery. Their madness is deepening folks. It used to be all white people and only white people were racist, now any policy they don’t like is slavery.  Good luck pushing that outside of Salon, Twitter, and college campuses. The left didn’t learn anything from the beatdown they suffered on election night. In fact they are   on their identity politics. Conservatives aren’t just deplorables and racists, we’re white nationalist hatemongers.  And white women and the working class who voted for Trump are too. They’ve ramped up their fake news activities to prove how wrong we all are, and their top weapon is fake hate crimes. America has a problem with fake hate crimes. The left is always searching for the next big outrage, and sometimes when the pressure gets too high, they just decide to make them up. That is basically how the UVA rape fantasy that ran in Rolling Stone came about by the way. This trend has just accelerated since the election, fake attacks on Muslim women seem to be in vogue right now. But it isn’t a new trend. I wrote an article in May 2016 that documented 100 fake hate crimes in the last decade. 100 of them! And surely there were more that just didn’t make it into the public eye. I bring this up because Colorado Springs is part of the list. In 2015, threats were left outside of a predominantly black church referencing the KKK and a second one says “Black men beware, you are the target”. There’s just one problem. This is the evil racist local police found behind the messages. Whoops, it’s a black guy! Sadly, this is part of an increasing trend in the US towards sensational but untrue stories.  Fake hate crimes are the original fake news. I mentioned the UVA rape case, which was a complete fabrication happily carried by the leftist media. Of course everyone with a brain knows that rape culture on campus is a myth. 1 in 4 women on campus will not be raped, and American universities are not more dangerous than   African nations, sorry about it. But there are rape cultures in this world, and most of them are because of Muslims. A few years ago Colorado Springs got a taste of that first hand, when a group of 5 Iraqi men gangraped a woman, leaving her severely injured with blood spattered all over the walls. Here’s one of the Iraqis involved, Jasim Mohammed Hassin Ramadon. Let’s all say a quick prayer of thanks to God that Donald Trump is already taking action to stop Islam’s rape culture from flooding America. Islam carries rape wherever it goes. Whether it is the refugee rape gangs in Germany, or the long term grooming gangs in Rotherham, this is an actual rape problem that America doesn’t need. Unfortunately the west didn’t get the message at the time of this attack in Colorado Springs, but we have it now! Identity politics never unifies the groups it pretends to care about, it just leads to intense jockeying for positions as America’s next biggest victim class. As the Democrats continue to descend into this madness, these groups will fight ever increasing battles for supremacy. Of course I called this.. I wrote a piece in 2015 called “Minority Wars” that chronicled the way different groups within the leftist movement will fight each other over the next decade. Some of them have already come true! One of the battles I foresaw was intersectional feminists versus white feminists. That has already started, with white women at the women’s march being told to shut up and learn their place. Sounds a little like that DNC chairman hopeful doesn’t it? There will be more fights. Trannies versus feminists is the one I’m looking forward to. Or there’s the one that hits closes to home, white gay men versus the entire rest of the LGBT spectrum, which gets three letters added to it every week. The biggest battles will be amongst identities that don’t even exist yet. Maybe people that identify as Lego figures versus people that identify as the USS Enterprise. That would be a fun one wouldn’t it? You should be seeing my point. Identity politics feeds on itself, and is tremendously destructive. The white working class, and America overall has rejected identity politics by electing Donald Trump, but the Democrats don’t care, and will have the political party they have chosen. What Democrat Leaders Aren’t in Line? I’ve said tonight that all the Democrats sound as crazy as that cat lady who wants to run the Democrat party. But some of them aren’t falling in line with the nuts. Have you figured out who I am talking about? It’s big labor. I am no fan of labor unions. I don’t think they serve the purpose they once did, which was getting the American worker a fair shake. I think in many cases they hurt competitiveness and have hurt the very workers they represent. But Labor leader are smart. They know it is very difficult to be the highly paid head of a union when there are no workers to represent. And that is the track America has been on. This week big labor met with Donald Trump, and they gushed about him. Can you imagine labor leaders speaking about a Republican positively? Hell, there are lots of of Republicans that don’t talk about Daddy this way. Here is a choice quote, about Trump’s decision to get rid of TPP: “With this decision, the president has taken the first step toward fixing 30 years of bad trade policies that have cost working Americans millions of   jobs. ” The labor unions put their money behind Hillary Clinton, but they’ve swung around to Trump, because more jobs in America is good for everybody including big labor. I’m going to give you one of my extremely rare trigger warnings, because I’m going to show you a graph about economics. I know many of you think you have enough classes during the week, but this is the dirty little secret about American workers that the left doesn’t want you to know. The red line is growth in median household income. Hooray! Income has grown 43% since 2000! But not so fast. The blue line is growth adjusted for inflation. It is slightly negative since 2000, and at one point was almost down 10%. The left can claim the economy is recovering, but the American worker is making no more adjusted for inflation than they were in the year 2000. This is the biggest problem facing the American economy, but the left would rather lecture you about cultural appropriation and microaggressions. As a final aside on this graph, mainly so I can punish anyone not in STEM by keeping it up on the screen longer, who do you have confidence in helping American workers? The businessman who has made billions and created many thousands of jobs, or the politicians who have spent their life in the swamp? I’d like to end this speech with a quick note about the men and women I’ve been speaking about, the white working class of America. As a foreigner, I’ve had more exposure to the working class during this tour than I ever had before. They’ve been at my shows, spoken to me in public, and I’ve come to know them. Plenty of my   military and veteran fans fall into this category too. Working class Americans are fundamentally decent people. They are work hard, play hard people.  They are very different than me, and frankly very different from most of you. No matter what background you come from, you shouldn’t look down on the working class, because they are what America is really about. The difference between conservatives and the new breed of Democrats is that we don’t think the working class is evil, or that they need to be controlled and taught how to think. They care about the same things as we do. A strong America, a great economy, jobs for them AND you all when you graduate, and a safe place to live. The American dream is what fuels the working class. The dream to improve economically and give their children a better life than they had. At some point in the recent past, liberals decided that dreamers are illegal immigrants who should get cheap college tuition instead of hard working Americans who deserve more than shuttered factories. To those Americans, I say welcome to the party of Trump, it’s going to be a wild ride. Written from prepared remarks. MILO wears glasses by Givenchy, $350. Distressed blue jeans by True Religion, $329. Brown leather belt with gold buckle by Louis Vuitton, $450. Light pink dress shirt by Brooks Brothers, $92. Sparkly purple suit jacket by Angelino, $225. Burgundy crushed velvet slippers by Crockett  Jones, $370. Socks by Ralph Lauren, 3 pairs for $21. 98. Jewellery and pearls, too much money to count.",0
6524,Chelsea’s $3M Wedding Paid By Foundation? Emails: Tax-Free Funds Floated a “Decade of Her Life”,"Read by 1,225 people 
This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . 
Editor’s Comment: Would anything the Clinton’s allegedly did be enough to constitute a “scandal”? It is questionable whether even (rumored) video of Bill Clinton engaged in sex acts with minors would raise media eyebrows. It isn’t a question of what “is” is anymore, it is a question of what the supposed ‘watchdogs’ of the political scene (in all their official and self-appointed capacities) are willing to put on the table. For Alt-Right supporters of Trump, anything and everything is fair game, and there is plenty of detritus to bring to the surface; but for CNN and even FOX, many of these bombshell scandals may well not even exist. 
The establishment is in the battle of its life to spin the great political realignment and rebuke of its powers into a new mandate for control. Whether that plays out in Hillary, or in some bastardized control of Trump’s administration after the fact, it is quite clear that the “Teflon” candidate is being allowed to sweep everything under the carpet. No matter what Wikileaks emails, Guccifer 2.0 hacks, whistleblowers and witnesses reveal, it is smooth sailing for Big H. 
For any other politician, a mere fraction of the dirt piled up on this family would have ended careers, stirred media scrutiny and ended in prosecution, even if it is all just formality ending in suspended sentences. Instead, Hillary only becomes more inevitable in spite of, or possible even because of, the scandals that have emerged (both inside and outside the White House, the federal government, the State Department and the rigged DNC process). It is entirely possible that the electoral college is so locked-up that literally nothing could block her path. Let’s see how they tally the score come Tuesday night… 
Doug Band Accuses Chelsea Of Using Clinton Foundation Money To Pay For Her Wedding 
by Tyler Durden 
A couple of days ago we shared a Podesta email from Doug Band about Chelsea talking openly in public about her “internal investigation” into the Clinton Foundation. 
As with many of the Doug Band email chains , the rabbit hole just got a little deeper today with Band accusing of Chelsea of “using foundation resources for her wedding and life for a decade” among other accusations. He also concludes with another veiled threat on the consequences “once we go down this road….” 
The investigation into her getting paid for campaigning, using foundation resources for her wedding and life for a decade, taxes on money from her parents…. 
I hope that you will speak to her and end this 
Once we go down this road…. 

The implications are troubling: as our friends from the Southern Investigative Reporting Foundation point out, “* If true* people (then) worth well into 8 figures used 501c3 $ to pay for a wedding. ” *If true* people (then) worth well into 8 figures used 501c3 $ to pay for a wedding. #PodestaEmails32 @wikileaks https://t.co/xpYZbDN4C0 
— SIRF (@SIRF_Report) November 6, 2016 
The latest Band email comes after he previously accused Chelsea of talking about her “internal investigation” in the Clinton Foundation with “one of the bush 43 kids.” 
I just received a call from a close friend of wjcs who said that cvc told one of the bush 43 kids that she is conducting an internal investigation of money within the foundation from cgi to the foundation 
The bush kid then told someone else who then told an operative within the republican party 
I have heard more and more chatter of cvc and bari talking about lots of what is going on internally to people 
Not smart 
Something tells us that Chelsea and Doug may not be on speaking terms for a while after all the WikiLeaks revelations. 
This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . Click here to subscribe : Join over one million monthly readers and receive breaking news, strategies, ideas and commentary. Please Spread The Word And Share This Post 
Author: Tyler Durden Views: Read by 1,225 people Date: November 7th, 2016 Website: http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-11-06/doug-band-accuses-chelsea-using-clinton-foundation-money-pay-her-wedding 
Copyright Information: This content has been contributed to SHTFplan by a third-party or has been republished with permission from the author. Please contact the author directly for republishing information.",0
6525,Echo Chamber: Senators Ask Jeff Sessions Same Question About Russians 12 Times - Breitbart,"Despite the fact that Attorney General Jeff Sessions repeatedly outlined the conversations he said he had with Russian diplomats during the course of the 2016 presidential campaign, Senators at Tuesday’s Senate Intelligence Committee repeatedly peppered Sessions with various forms of the same question  —   whether he had met with Russian officials during the course of the campaign. [It was not clear whether those inquiring senators  —   mostly Democrats and some Republicans  —   expected a different answer to the same question.  Sessions previously acknowledged that he met twice with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak in his capacity as a senator and chairman of the Senate’s Subcommittee on Strategic Forces. In his opening remarks, Sessions stated unequivocally that he had never had any conversations with Russian officials about interference in the 2016 presidential campaign. Sessions declared: “Let me state this clearly: I have never met with or had any conversations with Russians or any foreign officials concerning any interference with any campaign or election. Further, I have no knowledge of any such conversations by anyone connected to the Trump campaign. ” “I was your colleague in this body for 20 years, and the suggestion that I participated in any collusion or that I was aware of any collusion with the Russian government to hurt this country, which I have served with honor over 35 years, or to undermine the integrity of our democratic process is an appalling and detestable lie,” he said. “I recused myself from any investigation into the campaigns for President, but I did not recuse myself from defending my honor against scurrilous and false allegations. ” In his remarks Tuesday, Sessions again addressed a third possible brief encounter with Kislyak, who was a guest in the audience at an April foreign policy speech delivered by   Trump at the Mayflower hotel. Sessions reportedly attended a   reception with dozens of other guests, including Kislyak. He says he did not meet privately with Kislyak and does not recall greeting him, but allows that the two may have exchanged a passing interaction  —   one that would have taken place in a room full of attendees. “I attended a reception with my staff, that included at least two dozen people and President Trump, though I do recall several conversations I had during that   reception, and I do not have recollection of meeting or talking to the Russian ambassador or any other Russian officials. If any brief interaction occurred in passing with the Russian ambassador in that reception, I do not remember it. ” Despite Sessions’ accounting of his meetings with Russian diplomats during the course of the 2016 presidential campaign, senators repeatedly peppered Sessions with the same general question about whether he had met with Russian officials during the course of the campaign. Here are 12 times from Tuesday’s hearing that senators asked Sessions whether he met with Russian officials: 1  —   Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Sen. Richard Burr ( ) asked, “One, did you have any meetings with Russian officials or their proxies on behalf of the Trump campaign or during your time as attorney general?” 2  —   Burr asked, “From your testimony, you said you don’t remember whether the ambassador from Russia was there?” 3  —   Burr: “You never remember having a conversation or meeting with the ambassador?” 4  —   Burr: “You reported two other meetings with the ambassador, one in July on the sidelines of the Republican convention, I believe and one in September in your senate office. Have you had any other interactions with government officials over the year in a campaign capacity?” 5  —   Sen. Mark Warner, the ranking Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, asked: “And again, echoing what the chairman said, again for the record, there was no other meeting with any other officials of the Russian government in the campaign season?” 6  —   Sen. Roy Blunt ( ): “So when you said you possibly had a meeting with Mr. Kislyak, did you mean you possibly met him?” 7  —   Sen. Joe Manchin ( ): “If I could, sir, did you have any meetings, any other meetings with Russian officials that have not previously been disclosed?” 8  —   Manchin: “I’m going to go quick through this. Are there any other meetings between Russian government officials and any other Trump campaign associates that have not been previously disclosed that you know of?” 9  —   Sen. Kamala Harris ( ): “Did you have any communications with Russian officials for any reason during the campaign that have not been disclosed in public or to this committee?” 10  —   Harris: “Did you have any communication with any Russian businessman or any Russian nationals?” 11  —   Harris: “Are you aware of any communications (with Russians)?” 12  —   Harris: “Are you aware of any communications with any Trump officials or did you have any communications with any officials about Russia or Russian interests in the United States before January 20?” Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook. With research by Joshua Klein.",0
6526,Turnbull to Propose Law That Bans Boat Asylum Seekers from Australia Permanently,"Turnbull to Propose Law That Bans Boat Asylum Seekers from Australia Permanently News, October 31, 2016 
Federal Labor will look closely at the government’s new tough stance on refugees but says it’s ridiculous that some banned from Australia won’t ever be allowed to visit for business, accusing Malcolm Turnbull of pandering to One Nation. 
The opposition has not entirely ruled out the government’s proposed lifetime ban on asylum seekers who arrive by boat, instead saying it will look at the legislation before coming up with a position. 
Under the plan, all adults sent to offshore immigration centres on Nauru and Papua New Guinea’s Manus Island would be prevented from ever entering Australia, even as tourists or on business, regardless of whether they’re found to be refugees or not. 
The coalition is ramping up its attack on Opposition Leader Bill Shorten for not publicly stating a position on the ban within 24 hours of its announcement. 
“This bloke is weak,” former immigration minister Scott Morrison told Sydney radio station 2GB. 
Mr Shorten says Labor will look closely at the legislation “when the government can be bothered releasing it”. 
“It seems ridiculous to me that a genuine refugee who settles in the US or Canada and becomes a US or Canadian citizen is banned from visiting Australia as a tourist, businessman or businesswoman 40 years down the track,” he said. 
He also took aim at the prime minister, saying the Mr Turnbull of old would never have proposed this to keep the right-wing extremists in his party happy. 
“He’s earning the praise of Pauline Hanson–I hope he’s proud of that.” 
Meanwhile, One Nation is both applauding and claiming a win over the government’s tough stance. 
Its Queensland senator Malcolm Roberts said the government was “dancing to our tune’, while leader Pauline Hanson put it more bluntly. 
“Refugees are not welcome here,” she told the Seven Network. 
Concerns have also been raised the ban may contravene article 31 of the international refugee convention, which states signatory nations shall not penalise refugees for illegal entry when they have come directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened. 
Amnesty International says the outrageous and unnecessary law discriminates against people seeking safety based on their mode of arrival, a clear breach of Australia’s obligations. 
““This is yet another layer of cruelty in Australia’s already deliberately abusive policy,” refugee campaigner Ming Yu Hah said. 
But Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull insists the plan does not contravene the convention. 
“We have taken legal advice and we are satisfied it is within power and consistent with our international obligations,” he told reporters in outback South Australia on Monday. 
Greens leader Richard Di Natale told ABC radio he was hopeful that “if Labor shows a little bit of courage on this issue”, it could be struck down. 
Mr Turnbull said the government has spoken to just one of the 11 Senate crossbenchers about the proposal, which it will put to parliament next week. 
Independent senators Derryn Hinch and Nick Xenophon separately said they supported the government in general but wanted to see details. 
Meanwhile, the debate comes as the UN Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants, Francois Crepeau, is due to arrive on Tuesday to look at the government’s migration policies and laws. 
Earlier 
The Federal Government wants to pass laws to make sure no asylum seekers who tried to come to Australia by boat, even those found to be refugees, can ever enter the country. 
The Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull today told media “the door to Australia is closed to those who seek to come here by boat with a people smuggler”. 
“That absolutely unflinching, unequivocal message has to be loud and clear,” he told reporters in Sydney this morning. 
The government will ask parliament to ban everyone who was sent to Nauru or Papua New Guinea’s Manus Island for offshore immigration processing after July 19, 2013–the date Labor prime minister Kevin Rudd declared: “As of today, asylum seekers who come here by boat without a visa will never be settled in Australia.” 
The ban would apply whether or not they were found to be refugees and extends to all types of visas, including tourist and business categories. Asylum seekers aged under 18 at the time they were sent to Nauru or Manus Island would be exempt. 
The minister would also have power to lift the bar if they believe it’s in the public interest for someone to be allowed in to Australia. 
Immigration Minister Peter Dutton described the plan as one of the government’s strongest moves, building on the success of its border protection policies over the past three years. 
It sent a clear message that Australia was not an option. 
“There are still people, advocates in Australia and elsewhere, who are messaging to people on Nauru and Manus, that at some stage you’ll come to Australia,” Mr Dutton said. 
“Those people are living in false hope and it cannot continue.” The legislation would reflect the coalition’s long-standing policy and what it understood to be Labor’s position, Mr Turnbull said. 
He expects the opposition will give “unequivocal support” to the move. 
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop earlier this morning said the government would enshrine in law what had been a longstanding policy. 
“This is a tough message we are sending to the people smuggling syndicates and those who pay people smugglers to try and enter Australia,” she told ABC TV. 
“We are sending a strong message to those currently in Manus and Nauru, if they are found to be owed protection, they will not be resettled in Australia. If they’re not found to be owed protection, they should return home.” 
This would even apply to accepted refugees later attempting to visit via tourist visa, she said. 
“I will never forget 1200 people that we know of drowned at sea coming to Australia under these people smuggling networks,” she said. “We cannot have situations where people are drowning at sea and that is why we are working through the case load, the cohort of people who are on Manus and Nauru, to find third country resettlements for them and if they want to stay in PNG and in Nauru, they can be resettled there.” 
Mr Turnbull expects Labor and its leader Bill Shorten will support the laws, saying they are “entirely consistent with his party’s stated public position”. 
Mr Dutton added Australia has ‘discussions ongoing with a number of countries’ on the issue of resettling the asylum seekers already at Naru and Manus. 
Deputy Opposition Leader Tanya Plibersek said it was too soon to determine if Labor would support the bill. 
“What I’d say is it’s a distraction from Peter Dutton’s hopeless mismanagement of his portfolio,” she told reporters on the Gold Coast. 
“It is extraordinary that, three years on, the government has not found third countries to resettle those people who are in limbo on Manus Island and Nauru.” She said Mr Dutton needed to find a permanent resettlement option for these people left in limbo.",0
6528,Object Lessons: The New Museum Explores Why We Keep Things - The New York Times,"We live in a sharing economy of collaborative consumption  —   services, not stuff. Crowdsourcing,    rentals like Airbnb: An interest, exemplified by millennials, in a temporary ownership of goods. Apps, not objects. What, then, to make of objects? In a culture being redefined by the way it consumes, what to make of people who collect things, who keep things? What to make of the personal archives, the private universes, the physical stabs at permanence and immortality that collectors create? “The Keeper,” the New Museum’s summer show, a   exhibit that opens on Wednesday, July 20, is a museum blockbuster of a different kind. With over 4, 000 objects representing more than two dozen collectors, including contemporary artists making art conceived by collecting, Massimiliano Gioni, the museum’s artistic director, and his team of curators have mounted a remarkable series of object lessons about what it means to “keep,” the relationship of possession to loss, the madness inherent in love, and the undeniable importance of the individual’s voice in recording and interpreting history and its sweep. “The Keeper” is its own cultural crowdsourcing, including Korbinian Aigner’s   still lifes of fruit, painted by Mr. Aigner, a German Catholic priest, while interred in the Dachau concentration camp, where he cultivated apples until his escape. Also on view are 3, 000 photographs of people with their teddy bears, assembled by Ydessa Hendeles, a contemporary Canadian artist. Mr. Aigner’s pomological studies were most likely an act of survival, focusing on the reassuring rationality of   during the irrational decimation by the Reich. And, like much of “The Keeper,” Ms. Hendeles’s “Partners (The Teddy Bear Project)” is a kind of unexpected infiltration into ordinary lives, a backstage look at the familiar spectacle of the 20th century as we think we know it. “I don’t want to flatten it by saying it’s a show about collections,” Mr. Gioni said, sitting in the museum recently, concerned that many people associate objects with “luxury objects,” especially in the art world. Mr. Gioni explained that part of his intention for “The Keeper” was to look at ways of collecting and owning things. “It’s not the economic value that makes the value of the object,” he said. “Notions of values are more complicated than keeping score at auction. ” There are no masterpieces in the exhibition, as one would expect of a major museum show. “There’s no hierarchy,” Lisa Phillips, the New Museum’s director, said. “Each has its integrity as a project. ” Yet every piece is a masterwork in its right. The exhibition includes the photographed interiors of “Sociological Record” by Zofia Rydet. In 1978, at 67, she took up photography with the purpose of documenting every household in Poland, as a way to reveal people through the things they lived with. Harry Smith, an American filmmaker and ethnomusicologist, collected string figures, also in the show, made by indigenous peoples around the world. In an interview in 1969, Mr. Smith said, “As far as I know, the string figures are the only universal thing other than singing. ” By design, there are no distinctions between “naïve” and “professional” art, either. Carol Bove’s sculptures and her collaborative installations with the work of Carlo Scarpa, the Italian architect, are well known to the   gallery world. Arthur Bispo do Rosário’s tapestries and garments, constructed from discarded clothing and junk in preparation for Judgment Day, are the products of five decades of residency in a psychiatric hospital in Rio de Janeiro. “Every good artist is some sort of an outsider,” Mr. Gioni said. Every collector is some sort of outsider, too, looking in, trying to understand the experience of being here. Ultimately, even what we choose not to keep defines us. The declutter gurus, yard sales and online exchanges  —   the arcades of unwanted waste  —   are powerful cultural forces, too. Why do we keep? Beyond preservation  —   insuring the safety of a thing  —   keeping can be an act of  . “It is about what brings us together as people,” said Ms. Hendeles, who archived images of people posing with teddy bears. Her intention was to create a portrait of the century, much like the photographer August Sander’s documentary project “Face of Our Time” in 1929. The cuddly teddy bear, sometimes ratty with affection, turned out to be an icon of the first order, appearing like a totemic ghost in thousands of images. In one, a Nazi wearing an arm sling holds a bear on his knee. Another shows children who later died in the Holocaust. The toys were considered totems of protection and sympathy in grief, such as the black bear produced in 1912 to memorialize the Titanic’s victims. Ms. Hendeles’s project is displayed in a   architectural setting meant to resemble an academic library with steel mezzanines and polished wood vitrines. “It questions the authority of the museum, the past, and what we think we know,” she said, an intention shared by Mr. Gioni’s show. Ms. Hendeles is the only child of two survivors of Auschwitz. “I was touching on unconscious needs that I had, because I didn’t have any family photographs,” she said of the genesis of the project. “I’m keeping other people’s memories. ” One might call “Partners” a family album of man. We keep to tell, too. In a small pocket of the exhibition are objects from the National Museum of Beirut, rescued by Maurice Chehab, its director general of antiquities until the outbreak of the Lebanese Civil War in 1975. Mr. Chehab saved artifacts by encasing them in concrete. But as the surviving objects bear witness, preservation can be a sadly poetic concept. They are disfigured and transformed by conflict, melted by hate. Shinro Ohtake’s scrapbooks are more recent records. Mr. Ohtake, an artist and musician, began in 1977 a series of   assemblages that gather the urban residue of his own daily life: clippings from magazines, matchbooks, ticket stubs  —   the cheeky garbage of an active mind. In its devotional richness, each of Mr. Ohtake’s books has the quality of a contemporary Book of Hours. In an email, he explained that he thought of them as communicating “the potential of the streets of the time, as a site where people lived their lives. ” Mr. Ohtake, living in London in 1977, moved frequently and wanted a medium of expression, like a diary, that would be easy to carry and work on. “Traveling is like a collage of everyday time,” he wrote. Speaking as a musician  —   Mr. Ohtake has led two   bands  —   he said that he thought “the most extreme noise is silence. ” Objects, then, would be the loudest things you could live with. A video, “The Last Silent Movie,” by Susan Hiller, provides a lilting, unsettling musical air to the fourth floor of “The Keeper. ” Ms. Hiller, an anthropologist who became an artist, compiled audio samples of endangered and extinct languages, playing them in a video on a black screen with transcribed subtitles. The singsong and staccato of the work gives voice to the recognition that collecting can be a requiem. More optimistically in the same exhibition space is a thoughtful conversation: Ms. Bove’s installation of sculptures with works by Mr. Scarpa, known for his modern redesigns of museums. “When I first saw his work, I felt shocked  —   the strategies that he produced for historical work,” Ms. Bove said recently. “It’s counter to our traditions of museum design, to be neutral. ” Ms. Bove created spatial juxtapositions and interactions that gave the group an intelligent integrity that is a hallmark of a collection greater than the sum of its parts. By its nature, collecting is subjective, even at its most encyclopedic. When collecting strives to become objective, the eccentricity veers into obsession. Oliver Croy, an Austrian artist who discovered 387 homemade building models in a    shop in Vienna in 1993, bought them, lived with them in a    apartment for several years and is no longer collecting, having skirted its edges. “I did therapy, so I gave up on that,” he said in a telephone interview. The models, built in the 1950s and ’60s by an insurance clerk, Peter Fritz, were given to the Wien Museum in Vienna. In another project, a keeper and the subject of his collection have forged a bond, with a rare   on each end. For 62 years, Ye Jinglu sat for an annual studio portrait, the first in 1901. The photographs, shifting imperceptibly in background, costume and the   register of Mr. Ye’s advancing age, are a virtuosic portrait of a man’s life. In the last photograph, the   dandy of the initial one has softly disappeared, and the world has irrevocably changed. The collection was discovered by Tong Bingxue, a photography collector, in 2007. In his mind, Mr. Tong chased Mr. Ye back into the past. “I repeatedly perused the album,” he wrote in an email, “the man patiently telling me his stories by his appearance. ” Mr. Tong contacted anyone who might have known Mr. Ye, including immediate family. “I leafed gingerly through the album again, the leaps from the Qing dynasty, to the Republic of China, and then, to the new China. ” As he contemplated Mr. Ye’s life, he was able to contemplate his own. He called his relationship to this man “uncuttable. ” Mr. Gioni, the curator, writes in his catalog essay that the desperate need to be extraordinary lies “at the root of human nature. ” Most overtly it lies within the heart of collectors. But he concludes with the realization, “harsh and comforting,” that we are, in fact, just like everybody else. One of Mr. Gioni’s keepers might not agree. Wilson Bentley, born to a family of farmers in Vermont in 1865, was fascinated from childhood by the weather. He attached a microscope to a bellows camera and captured on film the intricate pattern of a single snowflake. As is now generally undisputed, each is unique. And so perhaps, as collectors  —   despite all that we “share”  —   are we all.",0
6529,"Update on Hillary Clinton’s Crimes and Misdemeanors (2 Videos, 10 mins)","October 30, 2016 at 4:49 pm 
Quite possible that Trump is surfing a much more significant phenomenon, powered by the total penetration by internet, the neural system of the world. 
to keep insisting that it is just business as usual is like claiming that because no earthquake happened for the last observed 100 days, it will never happen. 
An aside, regarding the gatekeeping: i am quite certain that the jew has covered the entire gamut from outrageous lying of pam geller through restrained lying of alex jones and veterans today to deep sayanim sites that to this date have never failed to speak nothing but the truth, yet only wait to start their siren call to the ever sly deception. remain vigilant.",0
6530,Migrant Stabs Christian Woman Because She Was Reading Bible,"An Afghan migrant attacked a woman at an asylum centre in Austria because she was reading a bible. [The attack took place in the town on Timelkam in the state of Upper Austria. The attacker was a    migrant from Afghanistan who became annoyed that the    woman had been invited by Christian residents to read the bible.  Austrian paper Kronen Zeitung says he ran into the kitchen where the woman was talking and attempted to stab her in her upper body. Her thick winter coat protected from serious harm, however she fell and injured her ear due the force of the blow. Police arrived at the scene and arrested the migrant. He admitted he had overreacted, although he told police this was due to “personal problems”. He also stated that he had never seen the woman before the attack. There have been numerous incidents of Christians coming under attack in migrant centres across Europe. One charity said that over 700 Christians have been attacked in German asylums homes since May 2016, with the majority of perpetrators being Muslim. Christian charity Open Doors said that 83 per cent of the cases reported included multiple assaults, while almost half of victims claim they have received death threats from fellow migrants. Another 44 said they had been sexually assaulted. Over 90 per cent of the attackers were Muslim, and in 205 cases the attackers were not only Muslim but also guards at the centres. Breitbart London also reported in August how an   German politician who converted to Christianity said that Christians face ongoing persecution in migrant homes. Mahin Mousapour said Christians in asylum centres were being told they are “impure as a dog”. “Toys of Christian children are being destroyed, Christian asylum seekers are told not only to wash their dishes after eating but also that they must clean the entire kitchen as it would otherwise be ‘unclean’. Many Muslim asylum seekers call all Christians unclean. Church services are held in secret, bibles and crucifixes have to be hidden,” she said.",0
6531,How The FDA Manipulates The Media,"By: Charles Seife, Scientific American | The FDA (U.S. Food and Drug Administration) has been arm-twisting journalists into relinquishing their reportorial independence, our investigation reveals. Other institutions are following suit. It was a faustian bargain—and it certainly made editors at National Public Radio squirm. The deal was this: NPR, along with a select group of media outlets, would get a briefing about an upcoming announcement by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration a day before anyone else. But in exchange for the scoop, NPR would have to abandon its reportorial independence. The FDA would dictate whom NPR’s reporter could and couldn’t interview. “My editors are uncomfortable with the condition that we cannot seek reaction,” NPR reporter Rob Stein wrote back to the government officials offering the deal. Stein asked for a little bit of leeway to do some independent reporting but was turned down flat. Take the deal or leave it. NPR took the deal. “I’ll be at the briefing,” Stein wrote. Later that day in April 2014, Stein—along with reporters from more than a dozen other top-tier media organizations, including CBS, NBC, CNN, the Washington Post , the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times —showed up at a federal building to get his reward. Every single journalist present had agreed not to ask any questions of sources not approved by the government until given the go-ahead. “I think embargoes that attempt to control sourcing are dangerous because they limit the role of the reporter whose job it is to do a full look at a subject,” says New York Times former public editor Margaret Sullivan. “It’s really inappropriate for a source to be telling a journalist whom he or she can and can’t talk to.” Ivan Oransky, distinguished writer in residence at New York University’s Journalism Institute and founder of the Embargo Watch weblog, agrees: “I think it’s deeply wrong.” This kind of deal offered by the FDA—known as a close-hold embargo—is an increasingly important tool used by scientific and government agencies to control the behavior of the science press. Or so it seems. It is impossible to tell for sure because it is happening almost entirely behind the scenes. We only know about the FDA deal because of a wayward sentence inserted by an editor at the New York Times . But for that breach of secrecy, nobody outside the small clique of government officials and trusted reporters would have known that the journalists covering the agency had given up their right to do independent reporting. Documents obtained by Scientific American through Freedom of Information Act requests now paint a disturbing picture of the tactics that are used to control the science press. For example, the FDA assures the public that it is committed to transparency, but the documents show that, privately, the agency denies many reporters access—including ones from major outlets such as Fox News—and even deceives them with half-truths to handicap them in their pursuit of a story. At the same time, the FDA cultivates a coterie of journalists whom it keeps in line with threats. And the agency has made it a practice to demand total control over whom reporters can and can’t talk to until after the news has broken, deaf to protests by journalistic associations and media ethicists and in violation of its own written policies. By using close-hold embargoes and other methods, the FDA, like other sources of scientific information, are gaining control of journalists who are supposed to keep an eye on those institutions. The watchdogs are being turned into lapdogs. “Journalists have ceded the power to the scientific establishment,” says Vincent Kiernan, a science journalist and dean at George Mason University. “I think it’s interesting and somewhat inexplicable, knowing journalists in general as being people who don’t like ceding power.” The press corps is primed for manipulation by a convention that goes back decades: the embargo. The embargo is a back-room deal between journalists and the people they cover—their sources. A source grants the journalist access on condition that he or she cannot publish before an agreed-on date and time. A surprisingly large proportion of science and health stories are the product of embargoes. Most of the major science journals offer reporters advance copies of upcoming articles—and the contact information of the authors—in return for agreeing not to run with the story until the embargo expires. These embargoes set the weekly rhythm of science coverage: On Monday afternoon, you may see a bunch of stories about the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA published almost simultaneously. Tuesday, it’s the Journal of the American Medical Association . On Wednesday, it’s Nature and the New England Journal of Medicine. Science stories appear on Thursday. Other institutions have also adopted the embargo system. Federal institutions, especially the ones science and health journalists report on, have as well. Embargoes are the reason that stories about the National Laboratories, the National Institutes of Health and other organizations often tend to break at the precisely same time. Embargoes were first embraced by science reporters in the 1920s, in part because they take the pressure off. After all, when everybody agrees to publish their stories simultaneously, a reporter can spend extra time researching and writing a story without fear of being scooped. “[Embargoes] were created at the behest of journalists,” says Kiernan, who has written a book, Embargoed Science , about scientific embargoes. “Scientists had to be convinced to go along.” But scientific institutions soon realized that embargoes could be used to manipulate the timing and, to a lesser extent, the nature of press coverage. The result is a system whereby scientific institutions increasingly control the press corps. “They’ve gotten the upper hand in this relationship, and journalists have never taken it back,” Kiernan says. The embargo system is such an established institution in science journalism that few reporters complain or even think about its darker implications, at least until they themselves feel slighted. This January the California Institute of Technology was sitting on a great story: researchers there had evidence of a new giant planet—Planet Nine—in the outer reaches of our solar system. The Caltech press office decided to give only a dozen reporters, including Scientific American ‘s Michael Lemonick, early access to the scientists and their study. When the news broke, the rest of the scientific journalism community was left scrambling. “Apart from the chosen 12, those working to news deadlines were denied the opportunity to speak to the researchers, obtain independent viewpoints or have time to properly digest the published research paper,” complained BBC reporter Pallab Ghosh about Caltech’s “inappropriate” favoritism in an open letter to the World Federation of Science Journalists. When asked about why Caltech chose to release the news only to a select group of reporters, Farnaz Khadem, Caltech’s head of communications, stated that she is committed to being “fair and transparent” about how and when Caltech shares news with journalists. She then refused to talk about the Planet Nine incident or embargoes or press strategy, and she would not grant access to anyone at Caltech who might talk about such matters. As a consequence, it is hard to know for certain why Caltech decided to share the news with only a select group of reporters. But it is not hard to guess why journalists such as Ghosh were excluded. “It wasn’t that they were not good enough or not liked enough,” Kiernan speculates. “There was a real effort here to control things, making sure that the elite of the elite covered this story and covered it in a certain way, which would then shape the coverage of all other journalists. It’s very clearly a control effort.” Caltech is not the only institution that steers coverage by briefing a very small subset of reporters. (As I was writing this piece, I received a note from a U.S. Air Force press officer offering a sneak preview of video footage being offered to “a select number of digital publications.”) For years the FDA has been cultivating a small group of journalists who are entrusted with advance notice of certain events while others are left out in the cold. But it was not the game of favorites that ignited a minor firestorm in the journalism community in January 2011—it was the introduction of the close-hold embargo. Like a regular embargo, a close-hold embargo allows early access to information provided that attendees not publish before a set date and time. In this case, it was a sneak peek at rules about to be published regarding medical devices. But there was an additional condition: reporters were expressly forbidden from seeking outside comment. Journalists would have to give up any semblance of being able to do independent reporting on the matter before the embargo expired. Even reporters who had been dealing with the FDA for years were incredulous. When one asked the agency’s press office if it really was forbidding communications with outside sources, Karen Riley, an official at the FDA, erased all doubt. “It goes without saying that the embargo means YOU CANNOT call around and get comment ahead of the 1 P.M. embargo,” she said in an e-mail. “Actually it does need some saying, since this is a new version of a journalistic embargo,” wrote Oransky in his Embargo Watch blog. Without the ability to contact independent sources, he continued, “journalists become stenographers.” Kiernan echoes the sentiment: “[When] you can’t verify the information, you can’t get comment on the information. You have to just keep it among this group of people that I told you about, and you can’t use it elsewhere. In that situation, the journalist is allowing his or her reporting hands to be tied in a way that they’re not going to be anything, ultimately, other than a stenographer.” The Association of Health Care Journalists (AHCJ), of which I am a member, publicly objected to the close-hold embargo, noting that it “will be a serious obstacle to good journalism. Reporters who want to be competitive on a story will essentially have to agree to write only what the FDA wants to tell the world, without analysis or outside commentary.” Faced by this opposition, the agency quickly backtracked. After a meeting with AHCJ leaders, Meghan Scott, then the agency’s acting associate commissioner for external affairs, wrote: “Prior to your inquiry, the FDA did not have a formal news embargo policy in place.” The FDA was now establishing new ground rules that “will better serve the media and the public.” Initially published online in June 2011, the FDA’s new media policy officially killed the close-hold embargo: “A journalist may share embargoed material provided by the FDA with nonjournalists or third parties to obtain quotes or opinions prior to an embargo lift provided that the reporter secures agreement from the third party to uphold the embargo.” Due diligence would always be allowed, at least at the FDA. Health and science journalists breathed a sigh of relief. The AHCJ expressed gratitude that the FDA had changed its tune, and Oransky’s Embargo Watch congratulated the agency for backing down: “For doing the right thing, the FDA has earned a spot on the Embargo Watch Honor Roll. Kudos.” And the FDA had cleared up the misunderstanding and affirmed that it was committed to “a culture of openness in its interaction with the news media and the public.” In reality, there was no misunderstanding. The close-hold embargo had become part of the agency’s media strategy. It was here to stay—policy or no policy. It is hard to tell when a close-hold embargo is afoot because, by its very nature, it is a secret that neither the reporters who have been given special access nor the scientific institution that sets up the deal wants to be revealed. The public hears about it only when a journalist chooses to reveal the information. We have a few rare instances where journalists revealed that close-hold embargoes were being used by scientists and scientific institutions after 2011. In 2012 biologist Gilles-Eric Séralini and his colleagues published a dubious—later retracted and then republished—paper purportedly linking genetically modified foods to cancer in rats. They gave reporters early access under a close-hold embargo, quite likely to hamstring the reporters’ ability to explore gaping holes in the article, a situation science journalist Carl Zimmer described as “a rancid, corrupt way to report about science.” In 2014 the U.S. Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board (also called the CSB) released a report to journalists under a close-hold embargo. When challenged, the then managing director of the CSB, Daniel Horowitz, told Oransky’s Embargo Watch that the close-hold embargo was used “on the theory that this would provide a more orderly process.” He then stated that the board was going to “drop the policy in its entirety for future reports.” Privately, however, a CSB public affairs specialist noted in an e-mail, “Frankly, I wish we did have more stenographers out there. Government agencies trying to control the information flow is an old story, but the other side of the story is that government agencies that do good work often have a difficult time getting their story told in an era of journalistic skepticism and partisan bickering and bureaucratic infighting.” Also in 2014 the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics (CfA) used a close-hold embargo when it announced to a dozen reporters that researchers had discovered subtle signals of gravitational waves from the early universe. “You could only talk to other scientists who had seen the papers already; we didn’t want them shared unduly,” says Christine Pulliam, the media relations manager for CfA. Unfortunately, the list of approved scientists provided by CfA listed only theoreticians, not experimentalists—and only an experimentalist was likely to see the flaw that doomed the study. (The team was seeing the signature of cosmic dust, not gravitational waves.) “I felt like a fool, in retrospect,” says Lemonick, who, as one of a dozen or so chosen journalists, covered the story for Time (at the time, he was not on the staff of Scientific American ). The FDA, too, quietly held close-hold embargoed briefings, even though its official media policy forbids it. Without a source willing to talk, it is impossible to tell for sure when or why FDA started violating its own rules. A document from January 2014, however, describes the FDA’s strategy for getting media coverage of the launch of a new public health ad campaign. It lays out a plan for the agency to host a “media briefing for select, top-tier reporters who will have a major influence on coverage and public opinion of the campaigns.… Media who attend the briefing will be instructed that there is a strict, close-hold embargo that does not allow for contact with those outside of the FDA for comment on the campaign.” Why? The document gives a glimpse: “Media coverage of the campaign is guaranteed; however, we want to ensure outlets provide quality coverage of the launch,” the document explains. “The media briefing will give us an opportunity to shape the news stories, conduct embargoed interviews with the major outlets ahead of the launch and give media outlets opportunities to prepare more in-depth coverage of the campaign launch.” Ten reporters—from the New York Times , the Washington Post, USA Today , the Associated Press, Reuters, ABC, NBC, CNN and NPR—were invited to have their stories shaped. The day after the briefing, on February 4, everybody—except for the New York Times —ran with stories about the ad campaign. Independent comment was notably missing. Only NPR, which went live hours after the others, and CNN, in an update to its story midday, managed to get any reaction from anyone outside of the FDA. CBS plunked down an out-of-context quotation from the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, probably in hopes that readers wouldn’t notice that it was two months old. Nobody else seems to have tried to get anyone who could critique the ad campaign. The result was a set of stories almost uniformly cleaving to the FDA’s party line, without a hint of a question about whether the ad campaign would be as ineffective as many other such campaigns. Not one of the media outlets said anything about the close-hold embargo. From the agency’s point of view, it was mission accomplished. The FDA had a much harder task two months later. The agency was about to make public controversial new rules about electronic cigarettes. It was nearly impossible to keep the story from leaking out ahead of time; days before the new rules were going to be published in April 2014, rumors were flying. Reporters around the country could smell the story and began to e-mail the FDA’s press office with questions about the e-cigarette rules. The agency flacks would have to use all the powers at their disposal to control the flow of information. “I’ve heard a number of rumors that the FDA will be releasing its proposed e-cigarette regulations on Monday,” Clara Ritger, then a reporter with the National Journal asked on Friday, April 18. “I wanted to see if I could confirm that? If that’s not accurate, do you have a timeline?” Stephanie Yao, then an FDA press officer, dodged the question: “The proposal is still in draft form and under review. As a matter of policy, the FDA does not share draft rules with outside groups while a rule is still under review.” The fencing match was on. “Thank you for following up with the statement,” Ritger responded. “While I know the proposal is still in draft form and under review, for my planning purposes I wanted to find out when the proposed regulations will be coming out?” “Have you subscribed to FDA press announcements?” Jenny Haliski, then another FDA press officer, wrote back on Monday. “The proposed rule itself will be published in the Federal Register.” “Thanks for sending! I signed up,” Ritger responded. “The only other question I had was when the proposed regulations would come out, off the record, for planning purposes?” Not even an offer of being off the record could get the agency to spill the beans. “The FDA can’t speculate on the timing of the proposed rule,” Haliski replied. But this was a carefully crafted half-truth. There was no need to speculate. Haliski and others in the press office knew quite well not just that the rule was going to be published on Thursday, April 24, but also that there was going to be a close-hold embargoed briefing on Wednesday. It’s just that Ritger and the National Journal weren’t invited. The invite list had been drafted days earlier, and, as usual, the briefing was limited to trusted journalists: the same outlets from the ad campaign briefing in February, with the addition of a few more, which included the Wall Street Journal , the Boston Globe , the Los Angeles Times , Bloomberg News, Politico and the Congressional Quarterly . At the very same moment that the agency was discussing the embargoed briefing with some of their chosen reporters, anyone outside that small circle, like Ritger, was being thrown off the trail. Not even Fox News was allowed in. Some within the FDA press office wondered why Fox was excluded, unlike the other major networks. “BTW, we noticed that Fox still wasn’t on the invite list,” Raquel Ortiz, then an FDA press officer, told Haliski. “I have no national Fox reporter who had contacted me on this topic,” Haliski responded. “All reporters invited to the briefing needed to have covered tobacco regulatory issues before.” Ortiz realized that this wasn’t an honest answer: “But they definitely cover FDA/CTP [Center for Tobacco Products] and tobacco stories—[a colleague has] seen them.” “We don’t have a good contact for Fox,” Haliski insisted, rather lamely. A contact would not have been hard to find had they bothered to look. And, as chance would have it, the contact found them. Early the next morning, with plenty of time before the briefing, Fox’s senior national correspondent—John Roberts, one-time heir apparent to Dan Rather—contacted Haliski asking for access. “I’m aware that the FDA will likely come out with its deeming rule regarding e-cigarettes in the next week or so. I’d like to have a story ready to go for the day (holding to any embargo),” he wrote. “Can we make that happen?” “Hi, John, Have you subscribed to FDA press announcements?” Access denied. “I was particularly troubled by it because I was the medical correspondent for CBS Evening News for a couple of years, and I had a very good relationship with the FDA and everybody there,” says Roberts, who found out he was excluded after the other correspondents’ stories came out. “I was told by these folks that Fox news wasn’t invited because of ‘past experiences with Fox.’” A little after noon on Wednesday, April 23, the briefing went on as scheduled. All the reporters present understood the terms, as announced: “As discussed, under this embargo you will not be able to reach out to third parties for comment on this announcement. We are providing you with a preview of the information with this understanding.” But by 2:30 P.M., the close-hold embargo was already fraying at the edges. FDA officials apparently got wind that a reporter was trying to talk to a member of Congress about the new rules. Even though it was not clear that this was a breach of the embargo—the interview was scheduled for after the embargo expired, and the reporter presumably did not share any crucial information ahead of time—it was bending the close-hold rules, and the FDA was livid. Within half an hour, FDA’s Jefferson had fired off an angry e-mail to the close-hold journalists. “It has been brought to our attention that there has already been a break in the embargo…. Third-party outreach of any kind was and is not permitted for this announcement. Everyone who participated agreed to this,” she wrote. “Moving forward, we will no longer consider embargoed briefings for news media if reporters are not willing to abide by the terms an embargo…. We take this matter very seriously, and as a consequence any individuals who violated the embargo will be excluded from future embargoed briefings with the agency.” Violate the rules, even in spirit, and you’ll be left out in the cold with the rest. The denials flew in. “This is very frustrating as someone who has consistently played by the rules and has covered CTP/FDA for years to be lumped in with a group of reporters that cannot respect your requests not to reach out to third parties,” insisted then AP reporter Michael Felberbaum. “I have of course always advocated that you work more closely with reporters like myself who clearly understand and cover this area consistently instead of reporters who are just assigned to handle on a whim.” But despite the scare about a breach, the secrecy held. When the embargo expired and the early news stories went online, the FDA had little to complain about; the embargo had worked once again to shape coverage. Felberbaum’s piece, for example, quoted Margaret Hamburg, then head of the FDA, and Mitch Zeller, the head of the agency’s CTP, but nobody else. Even after he updated his piece later in the day to get some outside comments, there was little hint of how controversial the new rules were. Members of the tobacco industry were generally unhappy with increased federal regulation of their business, while antitobacco advocates tended to argue that the new regulations were far too weak and took way too long to promulgate. And there was no mention, in Felberbaum’s article, at least, that the agency had tried to regulate e-cigarettes several years earlier but was slapped down with a stinging rebuke from the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. (When asked about his work for the AP, Felberbaum—who has since quit his job as a reporter to become an FDA press officer—said, “I’m not really sure whether I’m comfortable discussing that at this point.”) Some of the other outlets, like NPR, injected a little more nuance into their pieces, despite the restrictions, by doing additional reporting after the embargo expired. (In a statement, NPR said that agreeing to the FDA’s conditions was not a violation of ethics guidelines and “in no way influenced which other voices or ideas were included in the coverage.”) Still, even those pieces did not stray far from the key messages that the agency wanted to get across. Again the FDA found little to complain about. Except for one little thing. Of all the media outlets, the New York Times was the only one to mention the close-hold embargo: “FDA officials gave journalists an outline of the new rules on Wednesday but required that they not talk to industry or public health groups until after Thursday’s formal release of the document.” (“I felt like I wanted to be clear with readers,” Sabrina Tavernise, the author of the story, later told Sullivan, the New York Times ‘ public editor at the time. “Usually you would have reaction in a story like this, but in this case, there wasn’t going to be any.”) The FDA was not pleased that the omertà had been broken. “I have to say while I generally reserve my editorial comments, I was a little surprised by the tone of your article and the swipe you took at the embargo in the paper—when after combing through the coverage no one else felt the need to do so in quite that way,” the FDA’s Jefferson upbraided Tavernise in an e-mail. “To be clear, this is me taking stuff personally when I know I shouldn’t, but I thought we had a better working relationship than this…. I never expect totally positive coverage as our policies are controversial and complex, but at least more neutral and slightly less editorialized. Simply put, bummer. Off to deal with a pissed Fox News reporter.” Tavernise promptly apologized. “Geez, sorry about the embargo thing. Editors were asking why we didn’t get to see it so I was asked to put a line in to explain,” she wrote. (Tavernise declined to comment for this article; Celia Dugger, one of the New York Times editors who handled the piece, said via e-mail: “As to the decision to describe the conditions of the embargo in the story, Sabrina and I talked it over and agreed it was best to include them.”) The FDA was not pleased that the secret of the close-hold embargo was out, and the excluded press was confused and angry. “In this particular instance, it struck me as very strange,” says Fox’s Roberts. “It was a government agency picking and choosing who it was going to talk to on a matter of public policy, and then the fact that I had a longstanding relationship with the FDA that, with this new administration, didn’t seem to matter.” Oransky complained again on Embargo Watch about the FDA’s attempts to turn journalists “into stenographers.” Sullivan asked a few pointed questions of Jefferson, who, in Sullivan’s words, insisted that the FDA’s intent was “not to be manipulative but to give reporters early access to a complicated news development” and noted, in passing, that Tavernise had not objected to the terms of the close-hold embargo. But the damage was short-lived. Very little came of the complaints; Sullivan said that she would “like to see the Times push back—hard—against such restrictions in every instance and be prepared to walk away from the story if need be,” but there is no evidence of any substantial pushback by anyone. The two-tiered system of outsiders and insiders that undergirds the close-hold policy is also still enforced. Major press outlets such as Scientific American and Agence France-Presse have written to the FDA to complain about being excluded but have not received any satisfaction from the agency. Months after the e-cigarette affair and following a different FDA story about food labeling that insiders had early access to, Time magazine complained about its lack of access to a select-press-only phone call. “ Time was not included … (they weren’t even on my radar to be honest with you), but we handled all their queries” the day after the call, then FDA press officer Jennifer Corbett Dooren wrote. Absent any indications from the agency, it is anyone’s guess whether the close-hold embargo is still in use at the FDA and, if so, how frequently. Unfortunately, the FDA refused to answer any questions. Because I am suing the agency for access to documents about embargo practices at the FDA, the press office, in a statement that failed to answer any specific questions, said that news embargoes “allow reporters time to develop their articles on complex matters in an informed, accurate way” and that its use of embargoes conforms to relevant government guidelines and best practices. The press office referred all questions to the FDA’s Office of the Chief Counsel, which did not supply answers. Since the New York Times slip, no journalist covering the agency has openly mentioned being subject to such restrictions. Scientific American made a significant effort to contact many of the reporters believed to have agreed to an FDA close-hold embargo—including the AP’s Felberbaum, the Times ‘ Tavernise, NPR’s Stein, and other reporters from Reuters, USA Today and the LA Times . None could shed any light on the issue. Some explicitly refused to speak to Scientific American ; some failed to return queries; two had no recollection of having ever agreed to a close-hold embargo, including Tom Burton, a Pulitzer Prize–winning Wall Street Journal reporter and the only one willing to answer questions. “I didn’t remember it at all, and [even] after you told me, I didn’t remember,” he said. As far as he knows, Burton added, such embargoes are rare. No matter how rare it might be, there is documentary evidence of its happening multiple times, and each instance since 2011 is a violation of the FDA’s official media policy, which explicitly bans close-hold embargoes. This policy still stands, just as it did before the last close-hold embargo. The smart money says that the agency’s unofficial policy still stands, too—and the favoritism and close-hold embargoes continue. It is apparently too sweet an arrangement for the FDA simply to walk away. Despite the difficulty of measuring the use of close-hold embargoes, Oransky and Kiernan and other embargo observers agree that they—and other variations of the embargo used to tighten control over the press—appear to be on the rise. And they have been cropping up in other fields of journalism, such as business journalism as well. “More and more sources, including government sources but also corporate sources, are interested in controlling the message, and this is one of the ways they’re trying to do it,” says the New York Times ‘ Sullivan. “I think it should be resisted.” As much blame as government and other institutions bear for attempting to control the press through such means, the primary responsibility lies with the journalists themselves. Even a close-hold embargo wouldn’t constrain a reporter without the reporter’s consent; the reporter can simply wait until the embargo expires and speak to outside sources, albeit at the cost of filing the story a little bit later. Says Oransky: “We as journalists need to look inward a little bit and think about why all of us feel we absolutely have to publish something at embargo [expiration] when we don’t think we have the whole story?” Alas, Kiernan says, there isn’t any movement within the journalism community to change things: “I don’t know that journalists in general have taken a step back, [looking] from the 50,000-foot view to understand how their work is controlled and shaped by the embargo system. Submit your review",0
6532,Three Women Arrested in Ongoing Counterterrorism Investigation,"LONDON (AP)  —   British police have arrested three women as part of a continuing counterterrorism investigation that included a raid last week. [Police said that three women were arrested Monday morning on suspicion of planning attacks. Two are 18 and one is 19. They are being questioned at a police station outside London.  Police say the arrests are part of an ongoing   operation related to a series of arrests that began Thursday when police stormed a house in northwest London. One woman who was shot during that raid was arrested after she was discharged from a hospital. So far, a total of 10 people have been arrested as part of the investigation. None have yet been charged or identified.",0
6533,Investigation Launched After Texas Judge Wears ’Pussy Hat’ in Courtroom - Breitbart,"A short investigation was launched after a Travis County judge wore a pink, knitted “pussy hat” in her courtroom late in January causing, some to doubt her impartiality from the bench. [Travis County Judge Sarah Eckhardt started her session on January 24 by putting on the pink knitted hat that has become associated with the Women’s March protests  held the day after Donald J. Trump took the oath of office to become the 45th president of the United States.  The judge’s shocking partisanship was first noted by Reddit users and soon caused residents to quiz Texas authorities as to whether or not a sitting judge is allowed to wear partisan political paraphernalia on the bench. Travis County Judge Wears ”Pussy Hat” During Court Hearings. could you expect to have a fair trial especially as a man if you saw this? pic. twitter.   —   Joe Biggs (@Rambobiggs) January 30, 2017,  Local Austin TV station KVUE claimed that several county officials told them that Eckhardt didn’t break any rules other than that of propriety.  Eckhardt has been known as a liberal, activist judge in the past. In June of last year, Eckhardt used a naturalization ceremony to attack Donald Trump, the Second Amendment of the U. S. Constitution, and the death penalty. At one point during the ceremony, the judge urged the newly sworn citizens to register to vote so they could vote against Donald Trump. Her bald attempt to politicize the ceremony rankled some participants. In October of 2015, Eckhardt met with activists for illegal aliens who were seeking help to quash a lawsuit filed by the state of Texas against the Obama administration over its executive amnesty program that would allow up to five million illegal aliens to remain in the United States without fear of deportation. Also in October, Eckhardt insisted that the state’s lawsuit was only being waged by “those who wish to play politics with peoples’ lives” and that Travis County’s economy was a success only because it is “built on immigration. ” Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
6534,Gawker’s New Owner Deletes Six Posts Involved in Lawsuits - The New York Times,"Executives at Univision, which bought Gawker Media last month for $135 million, voted on Friday to remove six posts previously published by Gawker Media sites. The posts, which were taken down on Saturday, are involved in continuing legal action. In a memo to the staff, John Cook, executive editor of Gawker Media, wrote that two Univision executives, Felipe Holguin and Jay Grant, explained that they had proposed deleting seven posts, which appeared on the Gawker sites Deadspin, Gizmodo or Jezebel, because they were “under active litigation against Gawker Media and that Unimoda had been authorized only to purchase the assets, and not the liabilities, of the company. ” (Unimoda is a subsidiary of Univision.) “Unimoda’s legal analysis was that the continued publication of the posts under the new entity would constitute the adoption of liability, and that Unimoda is therefore obligated to delete them,” Mr. Cook added. The Univision executives voted to remove six posts, while Mr. Cook voted to keep all seven online, he said. One of the seven posts, which contains a photo that is the subject of a copyright complaint, will remain online for now. A decision on whether to remove that post has been postponed pending further legal analysis. In a statement, Univision said, “At this time of transition, the decision was based on a desire to have a clean slate as we look to support and grow the editorial missions of the acquired brands. ” The decision to remove the posts was reported earlier by Gizmodo. Univision’s decision to delete the posts was a clear signal that the company does not want to deal with any of the legal baggage that comes with owning Gawker Media. In March, a Florida jury ruled against Gawker Media in an    lawsuit by the former professional wrestler Hulk Hogan, whose real name is Terry G. Bollea, and awarded him $140 million. Not long after the trial, Peter Thiel, a billionaire Silicon Valley entrepreneur, revealed in an interview with The New York Times that he had secretly funded Mr. Bollea’s case and others against Gawker Media, though he did not say which ones. The judgment, and the threat that Mr. Thiel could keep bankrolling legal actions, proved to be too much for Gawker, and in June, the company filed for bankruptcy and put itself up for sale. Univision won an auction for Gawker Media in August but decided it would not continue to operate Gawker. com, Gawker Media’s flagship site, which had faced perhaps the most criticism of any Gawker Media property. In a memo to staff on Saturday, Isaac Lee, chief news, entertainment and digital officer at Univision, wrote that the decision to remove the posts “does not reflect an editorial judgment about their content. ” He also sought to reassure employees that Univision would stand behind Gawker Media posts going forward. “Should there be threats in the future related to stories published on our Gawker Media Group sites, no matter the date of publication, we will defend them as vigorously as we would defend stories published by Univision News, Fusion, The Root or any of our other properties,” Mr. Lee wrote, adding that the decision to remove the posts was “not a precedent for the future. ” The deleted posts include two that were published by Gizmodo in 2012 about the claim by a man named Shiva Ayyadurai that he had invented email. Mr. Ayyadurai filed a lawsuit this year against Gawker Nick Denton, the company’s founder and two Gawker journalists, Mr. Cook and Sam Biddle, contending that articles that cast doubt on Mr. Ayyadurai’s claims were defamatory. Charles J. Harder, who represented Mr. Bollea in the lawsuit against Gawker, is representing Mr. Ayyadurai in the lawsuit. It is not clear if Mr. Thiel is providing financial support for the case. (Mr. Harder is also representing Roger Ailes, the former chairman of Fox News, in potential litigation against New York magazine, and Melania Trump, the wife of the Republican presidential nominee, Donald J. Trump, in a libel lawsuit against The Daily Mail.) Other Gawker Media posts that have been removed include two about Mitch Williams, a baseball analyst and former major league pitcher one about a conservative blogger and another that called a man acquitted of sexual assault charges a rapist. In place of the posts, a note reads, “This story is no longer available as it is the subject of pending litigation against the prior owners of this site. ” The comments about the original post remain. In his memo, Mr. Cook wrote that the posts would be removed under a provision in Gawker’s collective bargaining agreement that states: “Once a story has been posted, it can only be removed by a majority vote of the executive editor, the C. E. O. and the general counsel, unless required by law. ” The provision was written into the contract between Writers Guild of America, East, and Gawker Media when Gawker Media’s editorial employees unionized, before Gawker put itself up for sale. The guild said in a statement on Saturday that it was “deeply troubled” by the decision to remove the posts. “Though Unimoda has offered assurances that it is committed to robust, fearless journalism, this move seems to belie that claim,” the guild said. “The decision to remove these posts casts a significant pall over Unimoda’s claimed commitment to the core values of our members employed by Unimoda. ” Union members plan to meet next week to discuss “an appropriate response” to Univision’s decision, the guild added. Mr. Cook also wrote that Mr. Holguin, the chief operating officer of the Fusion Media Group, a division of Univision, had been appointed interim chief executive of Gawker Media, and Mr. Grant, the general counsel of Fusion Media, had been named the company’s interim general counsel. The decision to delete the posts was met with anger and indignation on social media by current and former Gawker employees. “This,” Mr. Cook wrote on Twitter shortly after midnight on Saturday, “would have been a good Gawker post. ”",0
6535,Extremists Turn to a Leader to Protect Western Values: Vladimir Putin - The New York Times,"As the founder of the Traditionalist Worker Party, an American group that aims to preserve the privileged place of whiteness in Western civilization and fight “  degeneracy,” Matthew Heimbach knows whom he envisions as the ideal ruler: the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin. “Russia is our biggest inspiration,” Mr. Heimbach said. “I see President Putin as the leader of the free world. ” Throughout the presidential campaign, Donald J. Trump mystified many on the left and in the foreign policy establishment with his praise for Mr. Putin and his criticism of the Obama administration’s efforts to isolate and punish Russia for its actions in Crimea and eastern Ukraine. But what seemed inexplicable when Mr. Trump first expressed his admiration for the Russian leader seems, in retrospect, to have been a shrewd dog whistle to a small but highly motivated part of his base. For Mr. Heimbach is far from alone in his esteem for Mr. Putin. Throughout the collection of white ethnocentrists, nationalists, populists and   that has taken root on both sides of the Atlantic, Mr. Putin is widely revered as a kind of white knight: a symbol of strength, racial purity and traditional Christian values in a world under threat from Islam, immigrants and rootless cosmopolitan elites. “I’ve always seen Russia as the guardian at the gate, as the easternmost outpost of our people,” said Sam Dickson, a white supremacist and former Ku Klux Klan lawyer who frequently speaks at gatherings of the     a   fringe movement that embraces white nationalism and a range of racist and   positions. “They are our barrier to the Oriental invasion of our homeland and the great protector of Christendom. I admire the Russian people. They are the strongest white people on earth. ” Fascination with and, in many cases, adoration of Mr. Putin  —   or at least a distorted image of him  —   first took hold among   politicians in Europe, many of whom have since developed close relations with their brethren in the United States. Such ties across the Atlantic have helped spread the view of Mr. Putin’s Russia as an ideal model. “We need a chancellor like Putin, someone who is working for Germany and Europe like Putin works for Russia,” said Udo Voigt, leader of Germany’s National Democratic Party. That   group views Chancellor Angela Merkel as a traitor because she opened the door to nearly a million migrants from Syria and elsewhere last year. “Putin is a symbol for us of what is possible,” Mr. Voigt said. The Obama administration has accused Russian interests of meddling in the presidential campaign by spreading fake news and  hacking into the computers of the Democratic National Committee and the emails of John Podesta, a leading figure in Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign. But efforts by Russia, which has jailed some of its own white supremacist agitators, to organize and inspire extreme   groups in the United States and Europe may ultimately prove more influential. His voice amplified by   think tanks, the Orthodox Church and   news media, like RT and Sputnik, that are aimed at foreign audiences, Mr. Putin has in recent years reached out to conservative and nationalist groups abroad with the message that he stands with them against gay rights activists and other forces of moral decay. He first embraced this theme when, campaigning for his third term as president in early 2012, he presented Russia not only as a military power deserving of international respect, but also as a “civilizational model” that could rally all those in Russia and beyond who were fed up with the erosion of traditional values. The Kremlin has also provided financial and logistical support to   forces in the West, said Peter Kreko, an analyst at Political Capital, a research group in Budapest. Though Jobbik, a   party in Hungary and other groups have been accused of receiving money from Moscow, the only proven case so far involves the National Front in France, which got loans worth more than $11 million from Russian banks. Russia also shares with   groups across the world a deeply held belief that, regardless of their party, traditional elites should be deposed because of their support for globalism and transnational institutions like NATO and the European Union. But this means different things to different groups and people. Mr. Putin, for example, has “a natural interest in making a mess in Europe and the U. S.,” Mr. Kreko said. But for Mr. Heimbach, whose Traditionalist Worker Party uses the slogan “Globalism is the poison, nationalism is the antidote,” the term “international elites” is often an   code for Jews, though he denied any racist intent. Mr. Putin has never personally promoted white supremacist ideas, and has repeatedly insisted that Russia, while predominantly white and Christian, is a vast territory of diverse religions and ethnic groups stretching from the Baltic Sea to the Pacific Ocean. Nor has he displayed any sign of hostility toward Jews, a fact that has infuriated some of Russia’s more extremist nationalist groups. In fact, Mr. Putin’s agenda is not purely ideological. It is as much about accomplishing strategic goals like destabilizing Europe and NATO, or forcing the European Union to rescind the sanctions it applied after his forays into Crimea and eastern Ukraine. This has not stopped people like Richard B. Spencer, who runs the website AlternativeRight. com and directs the National Policy Institute, an   group based in Montana, from hailing Mr. Putin as a protector of the white race. Not all of the   has fully embraced the Russian leader. Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s new chief strategist, who until he entered the White House ran Breitbart News, which he has called a platform for the   has a complicated view of Mr. Putin. In a speech in 2014, he said that Mr. Putin ran a “kleptocracy,” but also that “we, the   West, really have to look at what he’s talking about as far as traditionalism goes. ” Mr. Spencer, who held a   conference in Washington in November, produced a video last year in which he claimed that “an understanding” between Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin might bring together Slavic and American Caucasians and eventually “foretell a unified white world. ” This summer, he echoed those remarks when he told The Nation magazine, “I think we should be   because Russia is the great white power that exists in the world. ” In an interview this past week, Mr. Spencer  —   he made headlines at his conference by shouting “Hail Trump!”  —   offered a more measured version of this sentiment, referring to Mr. Putin as “a normal leader in an abnormal world. ” “He wants to conserve his nation and his people,” Mr. Spencer said. “He recognizes certain enemies and certain traditions that should remain, like the church and the state. These are very normal conservative ends. ” Mr. Spencer acknowledged that Mr. Putin did not share his ideology, but played that down, saying, “We can look to Putin as someone we can admire and understand. ” Mr. Putin’s fans in Europe generally avoid white supremacist ideas, at least in public, but have also praised him for his nationalistic pride and his views on Islamic extremism, immigration and traditional sexual mores. When ordinary people see that “a man can kiss a man in the street in Germany, they look to the east and Russia and see that this kind of a new life has been stopped there,” said Mr. Voigt, the German   leader. “For us, this is hope. ” Mr. Voigt added that he and his party “agree 100 percent with Putin’s position” on homosexuality: “We are absolutely against gender politics for my country and for Europe. ” Not all of Europe’s   populists are smitten with Mr. Putin, though most tend to see him much more favorably than their own entrenched elites. “I’m more a fan than not,” said Tom Van Grieken, the leader of Vlaams Belang, a Belgian group that champions independence for the   region of Flanders. “He does a good job for Russian interests. But I’m not sure he is good for the rest of the world. ” In Mr. Putin’s favor, Mr. Van Grieken insisted that Russia had been demonized by a Belgian establishment that “is a slave to America,” adding, “Putin is not black or white, but 50 shades of gray. ” Last year, in an effort to unite disparate and occasionally feuding   groups and to place Russia squarely at the center of the expanding movement against liberal elites, a Russian political party, Rodina, organized a gathering of nationalist figures from Europe, the United States and elsewhere in a cramped conference room at St. Petersburg’s Holiday Inn. Fyodor V. Biryukov, a leader of the Rodina, or Motherland, party, said it was the first time that activists in the vanguard of “a new global revolution” had gotten together to rail against   marriage, political correctness, radical Islamists and New York financiers. He said the Kremlin had not supported the event, “but “did not bother us, either. ” Among the Europeans at the conference were representatives from Britain First, a   nationalist party, and Golden Dawn, the Greek   group. At least two Americans were also there. One of them was Mr. Dickson, the former Klan lawyer, who flew in from Atlanta and gave a speech that ended with a cry in halting Russian: “God save the czar!” The other was Jared Taylor, the founder of the white supremacist think tank American Renaissance, who said that the descendants of white Europeans risked being swept away by a wave of Africans, Central Americans and Asians. In recent years, Mr. Taylor has struck up ties with European groups, inviting officials from the National Front, Vlaams Belang and the British National Party to speak at his American Renaissance events. “There is a worldwide awakening of nationalism among European countries  —   and I include the United States in that,” Mr. Taylor said. “All across Europe, we are seeing the rise of parties expressing the idea that Europe, in order to remain Europe, must remain European. I have a feeling of intense kinship for those that wish to preserve their nation and their culture. ” Mr. Heimbach has made three trips to Europe in the last three years, meeting with officials from the Golden Dawn in Greece, the New Right in Romania and Mr. Voigt’s National Democratic Party in Germany to discuss   and organizing strategies. In Prague in September, he addressed members of the Workers’ Party of Social Justice, which opposes NATO and the European Union, has sought to criminalize homosexuality and has called for the Czech Republic to restore relations with Russia. “We white Americans can never be truly separated from our European brothers and sisters,” Mr. Heimbach told the crowd, “because we are all bonded together by shared blood, heritage and destiny. ” Tomas Vanas, the Czech party’s chairman, said in a telephone interview this past week that he stood together with Mr. Putin and others to resist “the perverse liberal values of the Western world. ” From home in Ohio last month, Mr. Heimbach described his visits to Europe as field trips that help him learn how to make the white nationalist movement in the United States a “real political force. ” He also spoke about creating a broader, worldwide network, which he called, with a nod to Comintern, the old Communist International, “the Traditionalist International. ” In this, as in many things, Mr. Putin’s Russia, now the home of a new global alliance of   groups called the World   Movement, was the template. “Russia has already taken its place on the global stage by organizing national movements as counterparts to Atlanticist elites,” Mr. Heimbach said. “Intellectually, they’ve shown us how it works. ”",0
6536,‘Trump Effect’ Is Already Shaping Events Around the World - The New York Times,"JERUSALEM  —   Within days of Donald J. Trump’s election to the presidency, Jerusalem’s city planning chief declared an end to the era of holding up new housing for Jewish residents in contentious neighborhoods out of deference to American objections. Last week, he followed through, advancing a   plan to build 500 homes, a down payment on thousands more to come. The mayor’s office insisted that the timing was coincidental and the decision not political. But the planning chief made clear that he saw a green light to proceed “now that Trump” had won. Call it the Trump Effect. Around the world, his election is already shaping events  —   or at least perceived to be shaping them  —   even though he will not take office for seven more weeks. Companies hoping to profit from Mr. Trump’s economic policies have seen shares soar. Countries fearing his   stance have seen the value of their currencies plunge against the dollar. Governments are recalibrating policies on trade, defense and immigration. The behavior of the global markets toward Mr. Trump has been uneven. On Monday, stocks and the dollar slipped slightly and bond prices rose, perhaps indicating a bit of caution after the postelection stock market surge. Much of the markets’ mixed reaction reflects uncertainty about a new president who has never held public office, leaving political leaders, business executives and international institutions to make bets on how a Trump administration may rewrite rules that have governed global affairs under American presidents of both parties. “For allies and adversaries alike, the election of Donald Trump represents the likely abandonment of a   U. S. commitment to uphold the global order,” said Ivo Daalder, a former United States ambassador to NATO who is now president of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs. For some, there was initially a promising forecast. American and foreign stock markets climbed in what some analysts called “the Trump bump. ” The Dow Jones industrial average has broken several records since the election, and last week topped 19, 000 for the first time amid expectations of more   regulatory policies. Investment banks like Goldman Sachs have fared particularly well. European firms have seen stock prices rise, too. Deutsche Bank, whose shares shot up as high as 17 percent after the election, has reasons for optimism beyond its longtime ties to Mr. Trump’s businesses. With the Justice Department proposing a $14 billion fine as it begins negotiations with the bank over its handling of   securities in the 2008 financial crisis, some in Germany hope a new administration will ease up and loosen regulations. Another company that has seen its share value increase since the election is Magal Security Systems, an Israeli firm that helped develop   security barriers around Gaza and the West Bank. With Mr. Trump’s promise to build a wall along the border with Mexico, investors expect that firms like Magal could get some of the business. Magal’s shares rose as high as 24 percent above their   level, with trading volume as much as 150 times higher. For the same reason, Mexico has taken an economic hit since the election. Besides the wall, Mr. Trump has vowed to withdraw from the North American Free Trade Agreement. Mexico’s peso has fallen sharply, and its central bank last week slashed its growth projection for next year, citing “the electoral process in the United States. ” Other economies have reacted with trepidation amid fears that Mr. Trump’s policies may drive up interest rates and inflation, an expectation that some traders call Trumpflation. Some countries are trying to figure out how to respond in other ways. Leaders of NATO allies are looking at increasing military spending in response to Mr. Trump’s insistence that they pay a greater share of their defense. Lithuania last week chose a new prime minister, who renewed the nation’s promise to raise security spending. In the Philippines, where President Rodrigo Duterte has feuded with President Obama, the government has tried to gain favor in Mr. Trump’s Washington. Mr. Duterte named as his new trade envoy to the United States Jose E. B. Antonio, a real estate tycoon who is helping build Trump Tower Manila. After Britain rebuffed Mr. Trump’s suggestion to name Nigel Farage, a leader of the “Brexit” campaign to leave the European Union, as ambassador to the United States, The Times of London reported that Mr. Farage may move to America anyway. In many places, there is still much head scratching over Mr. Trump. The   Bild Zeitung in Germany secured exclusive rights to translating into German the whole interview Mr. Trump gave to The New York Times last week. Bungeishunju, the Japanese publisher of “Trump Revealed,” by the Washington Post journalists Michael Kranish and Marc Fisher, reprinted an additional 10, 000 copies. In China, initial optimism about Mr. Trump is giving way to skepticism. “We should stop imagining what benefits Trump’s election could bring to China,” Zhu Chenghu, a retired major general, said at a seminar at the China Academy of Social Sciences in Beijing on Friday. “He will return to the traditional policies that rely on the role of the U. S. dollar and seek expansion overseas. ” Mr. Trump’s election is getting credit, or blame, for all sorts of events, no matter how tangential. In Russia, a newspaper interviewed an analyst who suggested that the arrest of a cabinet minister on bribery charges may have resulted from Mr. Trump’s success because Moscow no longer had to fear going after protégés of reformers who were once close to Washington. Nowhere has the Trump Effect been more visible than in Jerusalem, where the political right has openly rejoiced at the election. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who has had a prickly relationship with Mr. Obama, has made clear to associates that he is overjoyed at Mr. Trump’s ascension. Members of Mr. Netanyahu’s coalition expect Mr. Trump to abandon the practice of Mr. Obama and presidents of both parties who tried to restrain Israel from building housing in the West Bank and East Jerusalem. Shortly after the election, a Trump adviser said settlements were not an obstacle to peace, appearing to have adopted the argument Mr. Netanyahu makes. “The next few weeks present a unique window of opportunity for Israel,” Naftali Bennett, who leads a   party in Mr. Netanyahu’s cabinet, told a conference sponsored by The Jerusalem Post last week. After years of American pressure, he added, “it’s ours to decide. ” Betty Herschman, the director of international relations for Ir Amim, a group that opposes settlement construction, said it was too early to know what Mr. Trump’s policy would actually be. But she said one thing was clear: “The Israeli right is already celebrating. ” A case in point was last week’s decision on 500 new housing units in Ramat Shlomo, an   neighborhood of annexed East Jerusalem across the “green line” delineating the border that existed until Israel won the 1967 war. The development had been in the works for years without being built. An announcement that it would proceed in 2010 while Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. was visiting Israel infuriated Mr. Obama and his team. Brachie Sprung, a spokeswoman for Mayor Nir Barkat, said last week’s action by the municipal planning committee was a result of the developer’s coming back to the city with revisions to his plan that required new approval. “There has been no political statement here with this piece of land,” she said. But it was easy to see the move in the context of the emerging Trump era. Meir Turgeman, the deputy mayor who leads the planning committee, had just days earlier promised to advance 7, 000 housing units that were delayed under American pressure, and he named Ramat Shlomo as an example. “I intend to exploit the change of the guard in the U. S. A. and bring them to approval,” Mr. Turgeman told Israel’s Channel 2. Until now, he said, there had been pressure from Mr. Netanyahu’s office not to proceed to avoid angering Washington. “That’s over. From now, we intend to take the plans out of deep freeze. ”",0
6537,Map to Wikileaks Podesta Emails - Alphabetical Index by Sender (Version 14 Updated 10/25/16),"Map to Wikileaks Podesta Emails - Alphabetical Index by Sender (Version 14 Updated 10/25/16) 
SUPPLEMENT TO: Navigating Wikileaks: A Guide to the Podesta Emails (image by Charles Grapski) License DMCA 
The following is a lengthy list of the entirety of the Podesta Emails database as released by Wikileaks (updated as of 10/24/14 through the 14th dump of records). It provides a quick graphic representation of the structure of the database (which is organized alphabetically by the sender [see the Introduction to the Guide: Navigating WikiLeaks: A Guide to the Podesta Emails ]). In particular this view, which contains a set of documents by the Alphabetical set (one for each letter and a PRE and POST category for the emails that fall prior to A and after Z), can show the gaps in the records thus far released. It is thus a useful tool to see whether a particular sender may be missing or what further emails from a particular sender have yet been released. This can be done using the colored bands - the DARK ORANGE band highlighting the as yet unreleased emails. Each of the other colored bands represents the data dumps from the 7th through the latest. The second to last column (dump) indicates which dump the email was released in. I will present an alphabetical list at the start which provides a direct link to a PDF version (links not active) and a SPREADSHEET version (active links if download Excel file [Viewable online but doesn't work if open in Google Sheets]). The links provide a link to the Wikileaks page (Link) and to directly download the .eml email file (Get). This will be followed by an image representation of the entire alphabetical list. Unfortunately due to the limitations on using table formatting I have chosen to use the image rather than the data itself on this page. Thus the user might find the PDF and/or SPREADSHEET useful. I will also provide the links to the PDF and SPREADSHEET above each alphabetical section. 
Also useful is the General Map of the database showing the total number of released and unreleased emails by alphabetical set. See: MAP to Wikileaks Podesta Emails [Version 14 - Updated (10/24/16)] - Advertisement - 
The Introduction to this Guide including a narrative and an explanation of the methodology can be found here: Navigating WikiLeaks: A Guide to the Podesta Emails. 
[UPDATE NOTE: Updates will be loaded shortly bringing this info up to date through the 19th data dump by Wikileaks on 10/26/16. In order to do so I will publish the PDF and SPREADSHEET in advance of the full page so it is available for use as soon as possible. You can check the Series Page on OpEdNews to see what updates have been posted. Unfortunately the site does not allow updates to these pages themselves so new pages will be created for updates.] MAP of Indexed Sender Email Information Files (Quick Links) LETTER - PDF - SPREADSHEET",0
6538,BREAKING: White House Abandons TPP & TTIP,"BREAKING: White House Abandons TPP & TTIP Nov 11, 2016 5 0 
In a major victory for several nations and millions of people around the world, the White House has announced moments ago that Republican and Democratic leaders in Congress has said that they won’t try to advance the Trans Pacific Partnership as they know a Trump administration will be completely opposed to it. This makes the TPP, a trade agreement that has been protested on a global scale, now effectively dead in the water. As the Wall Street Journal reports : 
The failure to pass what is by far the biggest trade agreement in more than a decade is abitter defeat for Mr. Obama, whose belated but fervent support for freer trade divided his party and complicated the campaign of Mrs. Clinton. The TPP’s collapse also dents American prestige in the region at a time when China is flexing its economic and military muscle. Protesters in front of the White House. 
Donald Trump has voiced his resistance to the TPP and laid out in his plan for his first 100 days in office to include saying no to trade deals like the TPP and TTIP. For many, it is believed such trade deals would strongly and negatively impact the workforce in America. 
In addition to the TPP being dropped by the White House today, the TTIP suffered an effective defeat as well. 
As reported by Bloomberg , European Union Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom said that talks between the U.S. and EU would be put on “indefinite hold” because of Trump’s victory in the election. 
“There will be a natural pause, of course, while we wait for the next administration; then, for quite some time TTIP will probably be in the freezer. Then what happens when it’s defrosted, I think we will need to wait and see. I don’t see the resumption of any TTIP negotiation in quite a long time. Whether it makes sense to have new rounds — well probably not.” 
The U.S and EU have been working on the TTIP for three years which would have eliminated tariffs on goods, enlarged service markets and bolstered regulatory cooperation. Germany’s Angela Merkel and Barack Obama have both called the TTIP a “policy priority.” 
As The Guardian has reported , both trade agreements have been clouded in secrecy and even the contents of such deals were not easily allowed to be revealed to Congress: 
“Yet that doesn’t seem to be the position of the “most transparent administration ever”. While lobbyists are given a free hand to help write the deals, even members of legislative bodies have to jump through absurd hoops just to lay eyes on the document. Draconian restrictions were put on US members of Congress if they wanted to view TPP while it was in negotiation, so much so that they were even threatened with prosecution if they talked about it. And Time magazine just reported on what Katja Kipping, a member of German parliament, had to do to see the latest version of TTIP. This included agreeing to a restricted reading time of just two hours, having a guard breathing down her neck the entire time and not sharing the contents of the agreement with anyone.” 
Though Donald Trump has voiced strong opposition to these deals, we will now wait and see if he makes good on his words. It appears though that the U.S. and EU have all but given up on the TPP and TTIP. Share the good news! 
Lance Schuttler graduated from the University of Iowa with a degree in Health Science and does health coaching through his website Orgonlight Health . You can follow the Orgonlight Health facebook page or visit the website for more information and other inspiring articles.",0
6539,VIDEO: Trump NEVER Mocked Disabled Reporter… “It Never Happened”,"Twitter Freaks Out When White People Spotted Holding “Blacks for Trump” Signs 
The video featured a montage of Trump talking about other people he didn’t terrible like (like Texas Sen. Ted Cruz ) and it showed him doing very similar motions with his hands . 
Anyone who’s watched Trump for the past year would realize that his sometimes-bizarre hand motions are simple his way of mocking people he doesn’t like. He does it regardless of whether the person is disabled. 
Further analysis on the video showed that the reporter in question actually can’t move his arm freely. However, none of this mattered to liberals. Advertisement - story continues below 
They simply captured an image of Trump that looked like he was mocking the reporter, put it next to a photo of the reporter, and plastered that all over the airwaves. 
You can watch the full video below: 
The Clinton campaign is so desperate to stop Trump that they will lie and smear his name if they think it will earn them a point. It’s up to us to spread the word and inform the American people of the truth. Advertisement - story continues below",0
6540,Detroit Paper: Trump Immigration Plan ‘a Moral Stain’,"The editorial board of a Detroit newspaper wrote a frantic piece to its readers, calling President Donald Trump’s immigration plans “a moral stain. ”[The editors of the Detroit Free Press claim Trump’s promise to secure the   Border is an “attack America and American values”:  Trump’s vision for American immigration, egged on by a slew of   lawmakers, is an attack on America and American values —  on undocumented residents, sure, but also on the millions of American immigrants here lawfully. This kind of targeted enforcement marks out   Americans, regardless of immigration status, as different, other, suspect. It’s a clear demarcation of whom Trump and his cohort consider real Americans. The Detroit Free Press editorial board goes on to say that “the idea that a border wall would halt or even pause illegal immigration —  much less the idea that Mexico will volunteer payment for such a wall —  is absurd. ” However, Trump has proposed a 20 percent tax on imports coming into the U. S. from Mexico which would serve as a payment from Mexico for the border wall, as Breitbart News reported. Likewise, the claim that walls do not serve to secure borders has been challenged by the National Border Patrol Council, which has heralded Trump’s immigration plans, as Breitbart Texas reported. “We know we won’t have a wall along the 2, 000 miles of border,” the President for the Local 2455 of the National Border Patrol Council Hector Garza said. “What we will have is a wall where it is needed. That barrier with proper manpower, resources, technology and other tools will be effective. But most important, for the first time we have a president that wants to secure the border. ” The editorial board also wrote that Trump tapped into “bigoted fear” over immigration: But Trump gained a lot of his support by manipulating truth about America’s immigration challenges, by painting a picture of Latino and Muslim immigrants as, broadly, leeches and potential terrorists. That’s what his policies are about. That’s the bigoted fear he tapped into. The Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR) has found that illegal immigrants are somewhat of a drain on American   social services, costing about $113 billion for them to live in the country, as Breitbart Texas reported. Ending the editorial, the Detroit Free Press calls on residents and citizens to be a “resistance” to Trump, writing, “there is undoubtedly much more to come. Which means the protests over his early actions may need to take a turn toward another tactic: resistance. ” John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
6541,"Snapchat Files $3 Billion IPO, But May Never Be Profitable","Started by two roommates in a Stanford dorm in 2011, Snapchat’s parent, Snap, Inc. filed with the SEC last week for a $3 billion initial public offering (IPO) but admit the company may never make a profit. [According to the United States Securities  Exchange Commission website, the   company has grown its daily user base to 158 million. The   discloses that company revenue spiked up by almost 700 percent last year to $404. 5 million, from $58. 7 million in 2015. But Snap’s net loss also jumped from $372. 9 million in 2015 to $514. 6 million in 2016.  Companies that “go public” list risk factors, but Snap’s are unusually severe. The company warns that Snap: had operating losses in the past, and expects more in the future has highly significant competition that will intensify believes losing one key staff member could harm the business projects that users and advertisers could quit the platform if security is compromised and warns that its user metrics and estimates are not reliable. Breitbart News reported that a former Snap employee, Anthony Pompliano, had filed suit against the company after being fired  —   so he alleges  —   for refusing to participate in a scheme to inflate the company’s valuation. With Pompliano alleging that Snap, Inc. might seek to violate the United States Securities Act of 1933  —   which prohibits deceit, misrepresentations, and other fraud during an IPO  —   Snap’s   states the company may never achieve profitability. Despite having all these risk factors, Snap is expected to be the hottest IPO since Alibaba (BABA) in September 2014 and Facebook (FB) in May 2012. Both   investment banks Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs are   underwriters, and Wall Street is whispering that the company could have a $34 billion public valuation. Originally designed in 2011 to facilitate sexting and other images that needed to disappear, Snapchat took a radical social app turn away from Facebook users updating family and friends, from Instagram recording beautiful photo content, and from Twitter as a continuous cocktail party conversations. Unlike its competitors, who want everything posted on their sites to be archived and indexed digitally, Snapchat created a platform where everything was in the moment and then gone.  Some users have compared Snapchat’s business model to television 50 years ago, when programing was in front of a live audience and content wasn’t preserved on videotape. Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel and his Stanford buddies Bobby Murphy and Reggie Brown, innovated past just being a “sexting app” to offer goofy Lenses that let users overlay animated facial features and add laser eyes, clown face, rainbow vomiting and hundreds of other stupidly fun gags. Social justice warriors have from time to time attacked the company for allowing users access to filters that can create slanted eyes, Asian buck teeth, blackface and a number of other politically incorrect looks. The company has recently been pushing its “Stories” feature, which lets users assemble videos and photos from the past 24 hours to create adventures and scenarios. The filing of the   with the United States Securities  Exchange Commission allows Snap, Inc. to launch a due diligence tour in anticipation of an IPO that should take place within the next 45 days.  ",0
6542,The Dark Agenda Behind Globalism And Open Borders,"The Dark Agenda Behind Globalism And Open Borders   By Brandon Smith 
When people unfamiliar with the liberty movement stumble onto the undeniable fact of the “conspiracy” of globalism they tend to look for easy answers to understand what it is and why it exists. Most people today have been conditioned to perceive events from a misinterpreted standpoint of “Occam’s Razor”— they wrongly assume that the simplest explanation is probably the right one. 
In fact, this is not what Occam’s Razor states. Instead, to summarize, it states that the simplest explanation GIVEN THE EVIDENCE at hand is probably the right explanation. 
It has been well known and documented for decades that the push for globalism is a deliberate and focused effort on the part of a select “elite;” international financiers, central bankers, political leaders and the numerous members of exclusive think tanks. They often openly admit their goals for total globalization in their own publications, perhaps believing that the uneducated commoners would never read them anyway. Carroll Quigley, mentor to Bill Clinton and member of the Council on Foreign Relations, is often quoted with open admissions to the general scheme: 
The powers of financial capitalism had (a) far-reaching aim, nothing less than to create a world system of financial control in private hands able to dominate the political system of each country and the economy of the world as a whole. This system was to be controlled in a feudalist fashion by the central banks of the world acting in concert, by secret agreements arrived at in frequent meetings and conferences. The apex of the systems was to be the Bank for International Settlements in Basel, Switzerland; a private bank owned and controlled by the world’s central banks which were themselves private corporations. Each central bank… sought to dominate its government by its ability to control Treasury loans, to manipulate foreign exchanges, to influence the level of economic activity in the country, and to influence cooperative politicians by subsequent economic rewards in the business world. – Carroll Quigley, Tragedy And Hope 
The people behind the effort to enforce globalism are tied together by a particular ideology, perhaps even a cult-like religion, in which they envision a world order as described in Plato’s Republic . They believe that they are “chosen” either by fate, destiny or genetics to rule as philosopher kings over the rest of us. They believe that they are the wisest and most capable that humanity has to offer, and that through evolutionary means, they can create chaos and order out of thin air and mold society at will. 
This mentality is evident in the systems that they build and exploit. For example, central banking in general is nothing more than a mechanism for driving nations into debt, currency devaluation, and ultimately, enslavement through widespread economic extortion. The end game for central banks is, I believe, the triggering of historic financial crisis, which can then be used by the elites as leverage to promote complete global centralization as the only viable solution. 
This process of destabilizing economies and societies is not directed by the heads of the various central banks. Instead, it is directed by even more central global institutions like the International Monetary Fund and the Bank for International Settlements, as outlined in revealing mainstream articles like “ Ruling The World Of Money “published by Harper’s Magazine . 
We also find through the words of globalists that the campaign for a “new world order” is not meant to be voluntary. 
… When the struggle seems to be drifting definitely towards a world social democracy, there may still be very great delays and disappointments before it becomes an efficient and beneficent world system. Countless people … will hate the new world order … and will die protesting against it. When we attempt to evaluate its promise, we have to bear in mind the distress of a generation or so of malcontents, many of them quite gallant and graceful-looking people. – HG Welles, Fabian Socialist and author of The New World Order 
In short, the ‘house of world order’ will have to be built from the bottom up rather than f rom the top down. It will look like a great ‘booming, buzzing confusion,’ to use William James’ famous description of reality, but an end run around national sovereignty, eroding it piece by piece, will accomplish much more than the old-fashioned frontal assault. – Richard Gardner, member of the Trilateral Commission, published in the April, 1974 issue of Foreign Affairs 
The New World Order cannot happen without U.S. participation, as we are the single most significant component. Yes, there will be a New World Order, and it will force the United States to change its perceptions. – Henry Kissinger, World Action Council, April 19, 1994 
I could quote globalists all day long, but I think you get the general idea. While some people see globalism as a “natural offshoot” of free markets or the inevitable outcome of economic progress, the reality is that the simplest explanation (given the evidence at hand) is that globalism is an outright war waged against the ideal of sovereign peoples and nations. It is a guerrilla war, or fourth generation warfare, waged by a small group of elites against the rest of us. 
A significant element of this war concerns the nature of borders. Borders of nations, states and even towns and villages, are not just lines on a map or invisible barriers in the dirt. This is what the elites and the mainstream media would like us to believe. Instead, borders when applied correctly represent principles; or at least, that is supposed to be their function. 
Human beings are natural community builders; we are constantly seeking out others of like-mind and like-purpose because we understand subconsciously that groups of individuals working together can (often but not always) accomplish more. That said, human beings also have a natural tendency to value individual freedom and the right to voluntary association. We do not like to be forced to associate with people or groups that do not hold similar values. 
Cultures erect borders because, frankly, people have the right to vet those who wish to join and participate in their endeavors. People also have a right to discriminate against anyone who does not share their core values; or, in other words, we have the right to refuse association with other groups and ideologies that are destructive to our own. 
Interestingly, globalists and their mouthpieces will argue that by refusing to associate with those who might undermine our values, it is WE who are violating THEIR rights. See how that works? 
Globalists exploit the word “isolationism” to shame sovereignty champions in the eyes of the public, but there is no shame in isolation when such principles as freedom of speech and expression or the right to self defense are on the line. There is also nothing wrong with isolating a prosperous economic model from unsuccessful economic models. Forcing a decentralized free market economy to adopt feudal administration through central banking and government will eventually destroy that model. Forcing a free market economy into fiscal interdependency with socialist economies will also most likely undermine that culture. Just as importing millions of people with differing values to feed on a nation after it has had socialism thrust upon it is a recipe for collapse. 
The point is, some values and social structures are mutually exclusive; no matter how hard you try, certain cultures can never be homogenized with other cultures. You can only eliminate one culture to make room for the other in a border-less world. This is what globalists seek to achieve. It is the greater purpose behind open border policies and globalization – to annihilate ideological competition so that humanity thinks it has no other option but the elitist religion. The ultimate end game of globalists is not to control governments (governments are nothing more than a tool). Rather, their end game is to obtain total psychological influence and eventually consent from the masses. 
Variety and choice have to be removed from our environment in order for globalism to work, which is a nice way to say that many people will have to die and many principles will have to be erased from the public consciousness. The elites assert that their concept of a single world culture is the pinnacle principle of mankind, and that there is no longer any need for borders because no other principle is superior to theirs. As long as borders as a concept continue to exist there is always the chance of separate and different ideals rising to compete with the globalist philosophy. This is unacceptable to the elites. 
This has led not so subtle propaganda meme that cultures that value sovereignty over globalism are somehow seething cauldrons of potential evil. Today, with the rising tide of anti-globalist movements, the argument in the mainstream is that “populists” (conservatives) are of a lower and uneducated class and are a dangerous element set to topple the “peace and prosperity” afforded by globalist hands. In other words, we are treated like children scrawling with our finger paints across a finely crafted Mona Lisa. Once again, Carroll Quigley promotes (or predicts) this propaganda decades in advance when he discusses the need for “working within the system” for change instead of fighting against it: 
For example, I’ve talked about the lower middle class as the backbone of fascism in the future. I think this may happen. The party members of the Nazi Party in Germany were consistently lower middle class. I think that the right-wing movements in this country are pretty generally in this group. – Carroll Quigley, from Dissent: Do We Need It? 
The problem is that these people refuse to confront the fruits of globalization that can be observed so far. Globalists have had free rein over most of the world’s governments for at least a century, if not longer. As a consequence of their influences, we have had two World Wars, the Great Depression, the Great Recession which is still ongoing, too many regional conflicts and genocides to count and the systematic oppression of free agent entrepreneurs, inventors and ideas to the point that we are now suffering from social and financial stagnation. 
The globalists have long been in power, yet, the existence of borders is blamed for the storm of crises we have endured for the past hundred years? Liberty champions are called “deplorable” populists and fascists while globalists dodge blame like slimy slithering eels? 
This is the best card the globalists have up their sleeve, and it is the reason why I continue to argue that they plan to allow conservative movements to gain a measure of political power in the next year, only to pull the plug on international fiscal life support and blame us for the resulting tragedy. 
There is no modicum of evidence to support the notion that globalization, interdependency and centralization actually work. One need only examine the economic and immigration nightmare present in the EU to understand this. So, the globalists will now argue that the world is actually not centralized ENOUGH. That’s right; they will claim we need more globalization, not less, to solve the world’s ailments. 
In the meantime, principles of sovereignty have to be historically demonized — the concept of separate cultures built on separate beliefs has to be psychologically equated with evil by future generations. Otherwise, the globalists will never be able to successfully establish a global system without borders. 
Imagine, for a moment, an era not far away in which the principle of sovereignty is considered so abhorrent, so racist, so violent and poisonous that any individual would be shamed or even punished by the collective for entertaining the notion. Imagine a world in which sovereignty and conservatism are held up to the next generation as the new “original sins;” dangerous ideas that almost brought about the extinction of man. 
This mental prison is where globalists want to take us. We can break free, but this would require a complete reversal of the way in which we participate in society. Meaning, we need a rebellion of voluntary associations. A push for decentralization instead of globalization. Thousands upon thousands of voluntary groups focusing on localization, self reliance and true production. We must act to build a system that is based on redundancy instead of fragile interdependency . We need to go back to an age of many borders, not less borders, until every individual is himself free to participate in whatever social group or endeavor he believes is best for him, as well as free to defend against people that seek to sabotage him; a voluntary tribal society devoid of forced associations. 
Of course, this effort would require unimaginable sacrifice and a fight that would probably last a generation. To suggest otherwise would be a lie. I can’t possibly convince anyone that a potential future based on a hypothetical model is worth that sacrifice. I have no idea whether it is or is not. I can only point out that the globalist dominated world we live in today is clearly doomed. We can argue about what comes next after we have removed our heads from the guillotine. 
You can read more from Brandon Smith at his site Alt-Market.com . If you would like to support the publishing of articles like the one you have just read, visit our donations page here . We greatly appreciate your patronage. Share This Article...",0
6543,"Fun, Safe Trick-Or-Treating Alternatives - The Onion - America's Finest News Source","Report: Friend Has Been Going By Middle Name This Whole Fucking Time CALABASAS, CA—Astounded that it had never come up at any point in the six years they had known each other, local woman Lucy Reed, 25, reported Tuesday that her friend Nicole Silberthau had apparently been going by her middle name this whole fucking time. Disappointing Prince Vaults Found To Contain 37,000 Hours Of Billy Joel Covers CHANHASSEN, MN—Ending rampant speculation regarding the extent of the late musician’s catalogue of unreleased recordings, the executors of Prince’s estate announced Monday that the performer’s famed vault in his Paisley Park residence sadly contains 37,000 hours of Billy Joel covers. Conceptual Genius Goes As Self For Halloween ‘He Himself Is The Costume,’ Say Amazed Onlookers SHERMAN OAKS, CA—Brilliantly subverting the very idea of a costume, conceptual genius Mark Richards, 27, reportedly stunned his fellow partygoers Friday when he announced that he had dressed as himself for Halloween. ",0
6544,Freedom Rider: How Not to Protest Trump,"2016 elections by BAR editor and senior columnist Margaret Kimberley 
Donald Trump’s many evils are manifest and obvious. But let’s stop pretending that some historical line has been crossed in U.S. political and social relations. “The dictates of white supremacy are ever present and the numbers of white people who do anything serious about it are small.” Newly outraged Democrats act like they’ve never seen a fascist. “There is an ample supply of domestic fascists. They are the people who wear police uniforms.” Freedom Rider : How Not to Protest Trump by BAR editor and senior columnist Margaret Kimberley 
“ There are many unique characteristics to the Donald Trump story but the institutional evils that permeate this country persist no matter who sits in the oval office. ” 
Thousands of progressives are taking to the streets in opposition to the Donald Trump presidency. After eight years of Obama induced slumber they awoke with quite a start. Many of these individuals and organizations protested as part of the anti-war, Occupy and Black Lives Matter movements, but others weren’t concerned about very much until the reality show host became president elect. 
The awful Hillary Clinton should be inaugurated the 45 th president of the United States because she won the popular vote. But for the second time in less than twenty years a Democrat preferred by the people will instead be an historical footnote. If nothing else the Electoral College is rightly condemned. 
But where else should protesters direct their anger? If they are concerned about fascism they could protest police killings, or United States government murders committed during numerous interventions abroad. They might have risen up against the mass incarceration state. The list of outrages that should get people moving is quite long. 
White liberals here in New York City didn’t care very much when black and brown residents were subjected to nearly one million police encounters. Mayor Bloomberg’s infamous stop and frisk program was a tailor made opportunity for public anger. Yet every poll indicated that white people were in favor of this very fascist 21 st century slave patrol. Those same people are now upset but what exactly has raised their ire? 
“Trump is no more hostile to the rights of the press than Obama was.” 
They say they are concerned about the rights of undocumented people but they didn’t say much when Obama acted as the Deporter-in-Chief. The so-called Muslim registry of men from 25 countries under the auspices of the NSEERS program lasted from 2002 to 2011. That is to say during two years of the Obama administration. They may be concerned about climate change and Trump’s promise to end America’s participation in the most recent climate agreement. But that agreement allows for a rise in carbon production and thus in world temperatures. They would have been smarter to challenge the phony climate change process itself. 
They say they are afraid that Trump will muzzle the press. His shouting match with network executives should not be a cause for alarm. Eventually they’ll start saying good things about him so he was foolish to be so hostile. But he is no more hostile to the rights of the press than Obama was. When he used the Espionage Act to punish leakers and whistle blowers many of the now distraught progressives didn’t say much. 
So what has gotten progressives so angry? There is nothing new about the so-called alt-right movement. There is always a way to brand white nationalism. They may be the Tea Party one day and alt-right the next but it all amounts to the same thing. The dictates of white supremacy are ever present and the numbers of white people who do anything serious about it are small. 
If the sight of naziesque salutes to Trump are upsetting just keep in mind that there is an ample supply of domestic fascists. They are the people who wear police uniforms. They may not “hail Trump” or anyone else but they kill three people in this country every day. 
“ Barack Obama and Eric Holder quite literally kept thousands of black people in jail who could have been freed.” 
Donald Trump should be given credit for providing so much low hanging fruit. His appointment of Jefferson Beauregard Sessions to the post of attorney general provides ready made ingredients for fear and anger. Sessions was once denied a federal judgeship in part because of racist remarks directed at a black attorney. And who can ignore the glorification of the Confederacy in his name. But what did Obama and his two black attorney generals do? There were no prosecutions of killer police. That fact is a curious one in the age of murder caught on video. The Obama Justice Department argued against giving the right to request resentencing for those convicted during the years of draconian drug crime prosecution. Barack Obama and Eric Holder quite literally kept thousands of black people in jail who could have been freed. 
It is difficult to take protesters seriously when they won’t even direct their anger at the party which displayed such gross incompetence during the recent campaign. The inability to defeat the man who seemed so unsuited to the presidency should stir anger towards the people whose hubris brought him to the White House. 
There is always a need to engage in struggle, whether a Republican or Democrat is president. There are many unique characteristics to the Donald Trump story but the institutional evils that permeate this country persist no matter who sits in the oval office. We can gauge the true level of concern about justice when a Democrat next emerges victorious. A president who provides a greater opportunity for scorn should not be the last one who faces opposition. Margaret Kimberley's Freedom Rider column appears weekly in BAR, and is widely reprinted elsewhere. She maintains a frequently updated blog as well as at http://freedomrider.blogspot.com. Ms. Kimberley lives in New York City, and can be reached via e-Mail at Margaret.Kimberley(at)BlackAgendaReport.com.",0
6545,One Family. Six Decades. Myriad Views of Fidel Castro’s Revolution. - The New York Times,"HAVANA  —   When Fidel Castro rode victoriously into Havana on Jan. 8, 1959, Juan Montes Torre rushed into the streets to cheer. A poor, uneducated laborer from the eastern countryside of Cuba, he had arrived in the capital a few years earlier and, like most of his neighbors, could hardly believe what was happening. “It was an emotional shock,” Mr. Montes said. “These bearded men, poorly dressed  —   they won! And on behalf of the lower classes!” Mr. Montes, who was 25 at the time, stayed loyal to Mr. Castro, who died on Friday, from that moment. The Castro revolution gave him an education, a home, and a job as a police officer who sometimes guarded the comandante himself. But that allegiance slipped from generation to generation in Mr. Montes’s family, and in Cuba as a whole. His son’s views darkened decades ago, during tussles with the Castro government’s restrictions. His teenage granddaughter, Rocio, has spent most of her youth feeling glum about the conditions in her country. “There are too many Cubans who get up every day and struggle and struggle, and that’s it,” she said in an interview. “My dream is to leave. ” The Montes family’s story of faith and disillusion is common. Cuban families have been arguing about Mr. Castro since he came to power. His death has again produced an intense clash of emotions for many Cubans who recognize that he was more than just a political figure. He was also a brother, a father and a grandfather to various Cuban generations  —   a familiar presence whose ideals, whims and ego shaped everyone’s identity and daily life. Whether they wanted him around or not, Fidel was there, with his   speeches, his billboards and the grandiose absolutes  —   “Socialismo o muerte!” (“Socialism or death! ”)  —   that helped produce early triumphs in education and health care, along with restrictions on speech and assembly and, later on, persistent economic failures. His relationship to the country was remarkably personal. Robert A. Pastor, a former Latin America adviser to President Jimmy Carter, used to say that Mr. Castro was one of the few world leaders referred to by just their first names. Many Cubans have grown comfortable with calling him a complicated relative. “You have to look at this in a very cool way  —   this is like the father who has been there all the time that has taken the family through thick and thin,” Carlos Alzugaray Treto, a former Cuban diplomat, said in an interview on Saturday. “Maybe at times you don’t agree with him, but most of the time you agree with what he has done. ” Yet Mr. Castro was not exactly a common loved one. He was also the maximum leader  —   charismatic but quick to anger, a guerrilla whose name Cubans were often afraid to utter. Because he ruled for decades, Mr. Castro’s impact  —   and the perception of it  —   changed over time. Cubans born before the revolution saw him as a transformative force for good or ill. Those born later, especially after the Soviet Union started collapsing in 1989, tend to view him as an obdurate barrier to economic opportunity and to integration with the rest of the world. In life, he was often an enigma in death, for Cuban families like the Monteses, he is a collage of competing images, from the inspiring young rebel to the    old man. Mr. Montes first heard of the barbudos, or bearded rebels, when he was picking coffee and fruit in the fields in Cuba’s eastern province of Guantánamo. It was the early 1950s, and poor farmers in the area had started banding together, revolting against wealthy landowners. Mr. Castro was among many leaders said to be demanding better working conditions. On July 26, 1953, Mr. Castro staged his first major attack, raiding the Moncada barracks in Santiago de Cuba, now the country’s   city. Mr. Castro was caught, and he defended himself in court three months later with a lengthy speech that included the line “History will absolve me. ” Mr. Montes had decided by then to move to Havana  —   and to root for Mr. Castro and his guerrillas. “There was a lot of injustice back then,” Mr. Montes said. “Coups, crime. The government didn’t care at all for the people. ” Compared with its neighbors, Cuba was well off, with a   income in 1958 that was exceeded in Latin America by only Argentina and Venezuela, according to United Nations statistics. But the Cuban economy was essentially stuck in place, with yawning inequality. In rural areas like those where Mr. Montes grew up, more than 90 percent of the homes lacked electricity. In Havana, the streets were clogged with a mix of   Cadillacs and ragtag beggars. After taking power in 1959, Mr. Castro promised radical change. “We have fought to give democracy and liberty to our people,” he said days after his triumphant arrival in Havana. He delivered, Mr. Montes said. Over the next few months, the Castro government announced plans for land reform to grant property to the poor, taxes of 80 percent on expensive cars and additional government spending to decrease unemployment. In December that year, Mr. Montes was hired as a police officer. It was his first steady job since his arrival in Havana and came with free schooling, leading him from a   education to a high school diploma. The pride he felt at his rise into the middle class can be seen in family pictures from that era, with his wife wearing new necklaces beside her smiling husband. Even in his 80s, he speaks of his first few years on the police force with the excitement of a new cadet. “When someone committed a crime, we arrested them, but always with a sense of justice,” he said. “We didn’t abuse anyone. It was a process for everyone. It wasn’t just for the upper classes. ” From the outside, especially in Washington, Mr. Castro seemed to be upending Cuba’s justice system, summarily executing opponents and filling Cuban jails. Mr. Montes, however, said he had seen a police force once viewed as a collection of corrupt thugs becoming professional. From 1959 to 1962, Mr. Montes said, Cubans all over the country were eager to serve Mr. Castro. But there were enemies close by  —   mostly wealthier Cuban exiles who had fled when Mr. Castro began nationalizing property. They had the support of the United States, and when their attack came at the Bay of Pigs on April 17, 1961, Mr. Montes was guarding the home of Celia Sánchez, a famous guerrilla fighter and Mr. Castro’s longtime lover and confidante. Around 4 a. m. Mr. Montes said, there was a flurry of activity inside. Moments later Mr. Castro emerged, surrounded by armed escorts. “He looked calm,” Mr. Montes said. “No one knew what was happening. No one knew they attacked us. ” The Cuban missile crisis and the American trade embargo only strengthened the siege mentality that Mr. Castro relied on for decades, as he argued repeatedly that Cuba must remain under tight control lest the northern imperialists invade and turn the island into an American fief. In an interview in late 2012, Mr. Montes said he had never questioned that assessment, even when he was with critics of Mr. Castro’s authoritarian ways. In 1970, during the government’s effort to harvest a record 10 million tons of sugar, Mr. Montes helped guard 300 political prisoners forced to cut sugar cane. Mr. Montes said they had not seemed to be bad people. “But,” he said, with what sounded like a touch of disappointment, “they were wrong. ” He said he had often felt the same way about relatives who at times were critical of Mr. Castro, including some who had moved to the United States. “The revolution is a process,” he said. Shifting in his seat, on a flowered couch at his home in the Vedado neighborhood of Havana, he looked toward his son’s house next door. “They don’t see things very clearly,” he said. “They don’t realize that they have the greatest opportunity in the world they have the opportunity to study. ” He said he wished younger Cubans in his family could see the broader context. “We were a poor, uneducated, humble family before the revolution,” he said. “Then there was a change. It’s a radical change that’s still maturing. ” The entrance to Juan Carlos’s home is covered in green vines with bunches of bitter grapes. More than a decade ago, he ran a private restaurant, or paladar, beneath the greenery. He also used to rent rooms to tourists until he developed a new business in which he uses his newly acquired Spanish passport to travel to Panama to buy clothes and other items to sell in Havana. He is a member of what might be called the “resolver” generation  —   those who learned to resolve or negotiate their way around the shortages, regulations and inefficiencies of Cuban socialism in its later stages. If his father’s image of Mr. Castro and the revolution was shaped by the changes of the 1950s or ’60s, his views have been sculpted by the transition from the flush 1980s to the scavenging ’90s. The shift was significant. When the Soviet Union collapsed, Cuba lost a patron that had provided around $4 billion a year in credits and subsidies. The economy contracted by 34 percent from 1990 to 1993, with chronic shortages of fuel, soap, food  —   just about everything. Cuban officials acknowledged in 1990 that the country had entered a “special period. ” The implication was that Cuba would need to make some exceptions to the norm. In 1993, Mr. Castro legalized the American dollar and allowed Cubans to become   in dozens of industries, especially those serving tourists. Scholars still debate the degree to which Cuba adopted capitalism in that period, but Juan Carlos was one of many who took advantage. He was 31 at the time and had already become frustrated with the way the Castro government worked. In his 20s, he worked at Cuba’s customs agency, as his father had after his tenure on the police force. What Juan Carlos saw, he said, was an antidemocratic system that rewarded silence instead of initiative. He said his frustration peaked in the late 1980s when he was rebuffed by Communist Party officials for gathering recommendations from colleagues for improving the agency. He believed he was doing what socialism revered: organizing workers. “But the party guys,” he said, “they just told me: ‘That’s not right. Here are the things we are going to talk about, and you, don’t stand up and talk. ’” Juan Carlos shook his head and laughed as if expressing a sentiment that Cubans have long relied on to describe   with the government: “No es fácil”  —   it’s not easy. He left his job just before the Soviet Union’s collapse. Over the next few years, he found work in hotels. When Mr. Castro legalized small restaurants, Juan Carlos decided to open one with his wife, but there was a problem: He needed permission from the local Committee for the Defense of the Revolution, the neighborhood party watchdog, and the group had not met in years. So he nominated himself to lead the group and got his neighbors to support his candidacy. “I became the president so I could open the restaurant,” he said. The Castro government was never far away, however. The 1990s led to relative economic openness, but in fits and starts as Mr. Castro and his brother Raúl, who took over presidential powers in 2006, limited change. Businesses must stay small under laws that restrict how many employees can be hired. Supplies must be bought from the government, and crackdowns are common. Even as relations with the United States have improved, peaking with reopened embassies and President Obama’s visit this year, the economic life of the island remains constricted by Cuba’s loyalty to central control. “It’s like an accordion  —   they open a little, they close,” Juan Carlos said. “But they never open it up all the way. ” Success, then, has tended to play favorites. Economic and racial inequality, after improving in the early years of the revolution, has gotten worse since the 1990s. Cubans with small businesses and more lucrative jobs in tourism are typically   with advantages built up over time. Some have relatives in Miami. Others have connections in government or, in the case of Juan Carlos, Spanish ancestry and a home in Vedado with extra space. He acknowledged that he had done relatively well through much hard work. During one winter visit, he popped a tape into a VCR, showing his daughter’s quinceañera  —   her 15th birthday party  —   at the Hotel Nacional. The girl, Rocio, wore a light   gown and thanked her parents as the guests drank and danced. It looked like a small prom. But for Juan Carlos, and especially for his daughter, one night of fun is nowhere near enough to create contentment. Rocio dreams of becoming an art historian. Tall and thin, she described Cuba with the nuanced sophistication that comes from a good education and plenty of time to think things through. In her eyes, Cuba is purgatory, and even before he died, Mr. Castro was a specter of the past, studied in textbooks more than seen. “Fidel had an enormous vision,” she said. And, yes, there a lot of things she said she loved about Mr. Castro’s Cuba: the breezy liberty of the streets,   and rarely snagged with traffic the emphasis on education and culture. She said she sometimes feared that violence would return once Fidel and Raúl Castro were gone. But mostly, as she has grown from adolescence to adulthood, she has wanted to leave. Her older sister already lives in Spain. Her best friend went to Miami for a vacation one summer and stayed, telling Rocio about the crowded shopping malls and the impressive facilities at her new school. Most of Rocio’s friends, she said, hope to get out of Cuba as soon as they can. “My generation, we’re not worried about politics or ideals,” she said. “We just want to get out. Abroad you can achieve so much more. You can be recognized for your work, internationally, by the world. ” Fidel Castro’s era of speeches, ideology and Cold War standoffs is not what today’s ambitious young people want. Like many young Cubans, Rocio mostly wants Cuba to catch up. Why is there no open and affordable access to the internet? Why can’t she easily get on Facebook to say hi to her sister in Barcelona? Why is it so hard to visit the Louvre, in person or virtually? “I think everyone has a right to get the information they want to think and study,” she said. She said that the American trade embargo clearly did not help, but that most young people considered their own government responsible for creating a society of limits. “Fidel and Raúl started out with a good idea,” she said. “They just didn’t achieve what they said they would achieve. ” She wants the same thing her grandfather and Fidel Castro wanted when they were young: radical change and a fair shot at making a life for herself on her terms. The changes of the past few years under Raúl Castro, allowing more private enterprise and travel, offer some hope, she said, “but it’s not changing at the pace it needs to. ” Fidel Castro is gone  —   “He was a man of the 20th century,” Mr. Montes said in an interview on Saturday night  —   and his granddaughter has long been ready to move on. “We don’t have time to wait,” she said.",0
6546,This Is Why America Will Get the President it Deserves,"We Are Change 
Some call it victim-blaming. Others call it reality. I call it the natural outcome of decades of insanity.
Please share if you agree.
Find Carey around the internet:
Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/user/Careyeli… 
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/CareyWedler 
Twitter/Instagram: @Carey Wedler
All images and video protected under Fair Use.
Music: “Moth” by Silent Partner
The post This Is Why America Will Get the President it Deserves appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
6547,The Masquerade Ball: Fall’s Ghosts and Our Election Farce,"[Graphic from the Dorian Gray Wiki Project .] =By= Edward Curtin “They didn’t act like people and they didn’t act like actors. It’s hard to explain.” J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye “Eleanor Rigby…Lives in a dream/Waits at the window, wearing a face/That she keeps in a jar by the door/Who is it for?” The Beatles, Eleanor Rigby Editor's Note The analogy of the mask and the role it plays in our lives provides fertile ground for discussion of this (endless) political season. That each of us plays some role in this farce (in the classic sense of that word) is an important recognition. More than any election in my lifetime I have heard “you can’t make this shit up.” A classic statement of life imitating art imitating fantastical life. Unfortunately, for many of us, myself included, this feels more like a nightmare from which I cannot wake myself. There is a world in the balance. One could say that there always in when dealing with a deck stacked with the arsenal of the United States. However, now we are dealing with an unfolding environmental catastrophe which will leave more dead than we can count. The new estimate from the World Wildlife Fund is that two-thirds of the world’s wildlife will be extinct by 2020. That is less than 4 years. Those species deaths will certainly be accompanied by the decimation of countless human lives as well. So pick your stage and which play is real. T he idiocy of the Presidential election race will soon be over, as will the endless pseudo-debates and the droning of the commentators, who have been prattling on for more than a year, as if there were something to consider about this sick farce; as if the deep state had not been directing this life-movie from the start.
Gore Vidal got a laugh when years ago he referred to Ronald Reagan as our “acting president.” But we’ve had four acting presidents since and their acts have left millions dead and wounded around the globe, including thousands of American troops. Now we have the sordid spectacle of an election campaign that is so patently phony that “delusionary” is the only word that can describe the thinking of those who take it seriously. Many Americans have acquiesced in this ongoing tragedy, playing their parts in this deadly charade. The ghosts of all America’s victims walk among us, and they will haunt us until we come to life by admitting our own complicity in their deaths. The show must not go on, but it will, as long as we keep acting our parts. 
Norman O. Brown so well describes our stage set: “Ancestral voices prophesying war; ancestral spirits in the danse macabre or war dance; Valhalla, ghostly warriors who kill each other and are reborn to fight again. All warfare is ghostly, every army an exercitus feralis (army of ghosts), every soldier a living corpse.” 
The Obama administration repeatedly sets the stage by talking about and waging an endless war, a thirty year war, a long struggle, an open-ended war. Soon Obama’s feral, war loving understudy, Hillary Clinton, will take center stage as he exits right, after promoting her. “This is not me going through the motions here,” he recently said. “I really, really, really want to elect Hillary Clinton.” The role-playing, black face of empire will be replaced by the role-playing female face of empire as the audience cheers, hiding from their masked selves their part in a face-saving, phony performance. Without a complicit audience, the performance can’t go on. But it does, or, as Kurt Vonnegut put it, “so it goes.” But the act is wearing thin. 
The autumnal season and especially the Halloween weekend of ghosts, the dead, and masks has me thinking of my own experience with acting, and how understanding the nature of our complicity in a mass act of bad faith is so important. 
Having grown up as the only brother among seven sisters, I was always my parents’ favorite son. With such dumb luck, I never felt the need to be someone I wasn’t and so accepted my favored fate. But from an early age I learned from my sisters what it meant to “put on your face.” Like most girls in a cosmetic culture, they would stand or sit in front of a mirror dutifully applying lipstick, cover-up, and mascara (Italian, maschera , mask) in preparation for their entrances onto the social stage where they would face so many other faces facing and eyeing them. Mirrors meeting mirrors, looking-glass selves. It seemed to the boy I was, such an exhausting act. 
At the time I had only a dim awareness of life the movie. 
Then, when I was a young teenager, I had the great opportunity to learn how to be a public phony and put on a face. I got to lie to a national television audience and got paid for my deception. The show was a very popular one – To Tell the Truth – one of many game shows my parents, sisters, and I appeared on. We were a “theatrical” family, not trained actors, but a brood of faces unconsciously hoping to discover who they were through their acts. My parents had started this by accepting an invitation to appear on a show hosted by Johnny Carson, Do You Trust Your Wife? (The show was later renamed Who Do You Trust? – an apt, albeit grammatically incorrect, appellation for the paranoid Cold War years.) But I didn’t then care about politics; I just wanted to put on a good face and lie well while ostensibly telling the truth. I succeeded by convincing two of the celebrity panelists that I was who I wasn’t – Robert McGee – and getting paid $250 for my act. Lying seemed so easy; all you needed was a good mask and a convincing demeanor. This was my public lesson in “putting on your face.” 
Ever since then, I’ve been fascinated by masks, liars, and the role of acting on the social stage. Ghosts of the Past by Ian Kath. 
As the Halloween weekend transpires, this enchantment increases. I think of how all persons are, by definition, masked, the word ‘person’ being derived from the Latin, persona, meaning mask. Another Latin word, larva, occurs to me, it too meaning mask, ghost, or evil spirit. The living masks light up for me as I think of ghosts, the dead, all the souls and spirits circulating through our days. While etymology might seem arcane, I rather think it offers us a portal into our lives, not just personally, but politically and culturally as well. Shakespeare was right, of course, “all the world’s a stage,” though I would disagree with the bard that we are “merely” players. It does often seem that way, but seeming is the essence of the actor’s show and tell. But who are we behind the masks? Who is it uttering those words coming through the masks’ mouth holes (the per-sona , Latin, to sound through). 
Halloween. The children play at scaring and being scared. Death walks among them and they scream with glee. The play is on. The grim reaper walks up and down the street. Treats greet them. The costumes are ingenious; the masks, wild. The parents stand behind, watching, smiling. It’s all great fun, the candy sweet. So what’s the trick? When does the performance end? 
As Halloween ends, the saints come marching in followed by all the souls. The Days of the Dead. Spirits. Ghosts walk the streets. Dead leaves fall. The dead are everywhere, swirling through the air, drifting. We are surrounded by them. We are them. Until. 
Until when? Perhaps not until we dead awaken and see through the charade of social life and realize the masked performers are not just the deadly politicians and celebrities, not only the professional actors and the corporate media performers, but us. 
Lying is the leading cause of living death in the United States, and the pharmaceutical companies have no prescription for this one. Not yet, anyway, as far as I care to know. 
It seems to me that Albert Camus was right, and that we should aspire to be neither victims nor executioners. To do so will take a serious reevaluation of the roles we play in the ongoing national tragedy of lie piled upon lie in aggressive wars around the world and in election farces that perpetuate them. The leading actors we elect are our responsibility. We produce and maintain them. They are our mirror images; we, theirs. It is the danse macabre , a last tango in the land of bad actors, our two-faced show. This masquerade ball that passes for political reality is infiltrated by the ghosts of all those victims we have murdered around the wide world. We may choose not to see them, but they are lurking in the shadowy corners. And they will haunt us until we make amends. 
“Do you not know there comes a midnight hour when everyone has to throw off his mask?” warned Kierkegaard, “Do you believe that life will always let itself be mocked? Do you think you can slip away a little before midnight in order to avoid this? Or are you not terrified by it?” 
“Whenever I take up a newspaper,” Ibsen added, “I seem to see ghosts gliding between the lines. There must be ghosts all the country over, as thick as the sands of the sea. And then we are, one and all, so pitifully afraid of the light.” 

Edward Curtin is a writer and sociologist. He teaches at Massachusetts College of Liberal Arts. Educated in the the classics, literature, theology, and sociology, his writing on a wide variety of topics has appeared widely over many years. He tries to write as a public intellectual for the general public, not as a specialist for a narrow readership. Originally published by Intrepid Report . 
Note to Commenters Due to severe hacking attacks in the recent past that brought our site down for up to 11 days with considerable loss of circulation, we exercise extreme caution in the comments we publish, as the comment box has been one of the main arteries to inject malicious code. Because of that comments may not appear immediately, but rest assured that if you are a legitimate commenter your opinion will be published within 24 hours. If your comment fails to appear, and you wish to reach us directly, send us a mail at: editor@greanvillepost.com 
We apologize for this inconvenience. Nauseated by the Had enough of their lies, escapism, omissions and relentless manipulation?",0
6548,Squee! Hillary’s Election Night plans include beating you over the head with this,"— Ellen L. Carmichael (@ellencarmichael) October 26, 2016 
Hillary’s not one for subtlety. She’s got big plans for Election Night: Hillary Clinton's Election Night Event will be held at the Javits Center in NYC. pic.twitter.com/PKcPrme9lX 
— Chris Geidner (@chrisgeidner) October 26, 2016 
What’s so special about the Javits Center, you ask? Reminder: The Javits Center, where Hillary Clinton is holding her election night party, has a literal glass ceiling pic.twitter.com/RvGLDx9cAc",0
6549,What Is At Stake In The Election      :," What Is At Stake In The Election By Paul Craig Roberts
 Here Are The Presstitutes Who Control Americans Minds :
I just heard an NPR presstitute declare that Texas, a traditional sure thing
for Republicans was up for grabs in the presidential election. Little wonder if this report on Zero Hedge is correct. Apparently, the voting machines are already at work stealing the election for Killary.
From my long experience in journalism, I know the American public is not very sharp. Nevertheless, it is difficult for me to believe that Americans, whose jobs, careers, and the same for their children and grandchildren, have been sold out by the elites who Hillary represents would actually vote for her. It makes no sense. If this were the case, how did Trump get the Republican nomination despite the vicious presstitute campaign against him?
It seems obvious that the majority of Americans who have been suffering terribly at the hands of the One Percent who own Hillary lock, stock, and barrel, will not vote for the people who have ruined their lives and the lives of their children and grandchildren.
Furthermore, if Trumps election is as impossible as the presstitutes tell usHillarys win is 93% certain according to the latest presstitute pronouncementthe vicious 24/7 attacks on Trump would be pointless. Wouldnt they? Why the constant, frenetic, vicious attacks on a person who has no chance?
There are reports that a company associated with Hillary backer George Soros is supplying the voting machines to 16 states, including states that determine election outcomes. I do not know that these reports are correct. However, I do know for a fact that the oligarchic interests that rule America are opposed to Trump being elected President for the simple reason that they are unsure that they would be able to control him.
It is hard to believe that dispossessed Americans will vote for Hillary, the representative of those who have dispossessed them, when Trump says he will re-empower the dispossessed. Hillary has denigrated ordinary Americans who, she says, she is so removed from by her wealth that she doesnt even know who they are. Clearly, Hillary, paid $675,000 by Goldman Sachs for three 20-minute speeches, is not a representative of the people. She represents the One Percent whose policies have flushed the prospects of ordinary Americans down the toilet.
What is really disturbing is the pretense by the presstitute scum that Trumps lewd admiration for female charms is deemed more important than the prospect of nuclear war. At no time during the presidential primaries or during the current presidential campaign has it been mentioned that Russia is being assaulted daily by propaganda, threatened by military buildups, and being convinced that the United States and its European vassals are planning an attack.
A threatened Russia, made insecure by inexplicable hostility and Western propaganda, is a danger manufactured by the neoconservative supporters of Hillary Clinton.
If the American people are really so unbelievably stupid that they think lewd remarks about women are more important than avoiding nuclear war, the American people are too stupid to exist. They will deserve the mushroom clouds that will wipe them and everyone else off the face of the earth.
Donald Trump is the only candidate in the primaries and the general election who has said that he sees no point in conflict with Russia when Putin has shown nothing but desire to work things out to mutual advantage.
In contrast, Hillary has declared the thrice-elected president of Russia to be the new Hitler and has threatened Russia with military action. Hillary talks openly about regime change in Russia.
Surely, in a free media at least one person in the print and TV media would raise this most important of all points. But where have you seen it?
Only in my columns and a few others in the alternative media.
In other words, we are about to have an election in which the important issue has played no role. And yet allegedly we are the exceptional, indispensable people, a peoples democracy protected by a free press.
In truth, this mythical description of America is merely a cloak for the rule of the Oligarchs. And the Oligarchs are risking life on earth for their continual supremacy.
Dr. Paul Craig Roberts editor of was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy and associate the Wall Street Journal. He was columnist for Business Week, Scripps Howard News Service, and Creators Syndicate. He has had many university appointments. His internet columns have attracted a worldwide following. Roberts' latest books are Dissolution of The Failure of Laissez Faire Capitalism and Economic the West , How America Was Lost , and The Neoconservative Threat to World Order .",0
6550,California Today: The Tale of the Laguna Beach Jumper - The New York Times,"Good morning. (Want to get California Today by email? Here’s the  .) Before disaster struck, Anthony Booth Armer had an epic summer. It started one day last June, during his shift as a server at a Laguna Beach restaurant. He had a flash of insight, he said  —   he needed a change. “And I got my stuff, walked out and just said: ‘I’m going to push it in what I love 100 percent. And that’s all I’m going to do. ’” That’s the moment the Laguna Beach jumper was born. Over the next months, Mr. Armer, 28, became an internet sensation by filming himself making dozens of   leaps into water from structures across the region. He seemed to flirt with death, rocketing within inches of rocks and ledges. His YouTube videos have raked in more than 23 million views and drawn attention from around the world. Comedy Central’s “Tosh. 0” ran a segment. Much of the online reaction has been withering, with some people criticizing Mr. Armer’s judgment and predicting a bad end. Fast forward to a couple weeks ago, and it happened. Launching himself from a rooftop, he struck the edge of a hotel swimming pool and badly shattered both of his feet. Now, a gambit that seemed to be going so well has turned his life upside down. Doctors told him he may not be able to run again. Mr. Armer faces trespassing and other charges. His family is angry with him, he said. And an anticipated windfall from his YouTube channel never came. (He said he’s made roughly $6, 000.) Asked if he harbored regrets, he said: “I mean, you could think of it in that way. I think of it as paying dues. I felt like I was in debt with the universe, so to speak. ” He added, “I think that this is just a lesson to show that I need to be more respectful. ” And after he heals up? He’s eyeing wingsuits, he said. (Please note: We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers.) • George Lucas’s new museum picked Los Angeles as its home over San Francisco, ending a monthslong competition. [The New York Times] • Gov. Jerry Brown sees a budget deficit. Legislative leaders see a surplus. [The Associated Press] • A police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black man in El Cajon last September will not face criminal charges. [The New York Times] • A new study raises questions about the effectiveness of the minimum wage at helping the working poor. [The New York Times] • Just who is counted as a gang member? The A. C. L. U. is suing over sweeping gang injunctions issued in Los Angeles. [The New York Times] • A legal battle is flaring over a new law that requires IMDb to comply with requests to unpublish actors’ ages. [Variety] • Mark Zuckerberg and Dr. Priscilla Chan are adding political muscle to their philanthropic work. [The New York Times] • Marijuana is legal in California. So why are people still getting busted in Yosemite? [McClatchy] • Evacuations and an avalanche  —   rain and snow continued to pummel Northern California. [Sacramento Bee] • Scientists say the storms are putting a major dent in California’s drought. [San Francisco Chronicle] • For the first time, the Sundance Film Festival will put a spotlight on one theme: global warming and the environment. [The New York Times] • Video: A Caltrans crew exploded an old bridge in Shasta County. [KRCR] At a confirmation hearing on Tuesday for Representative Xavier Becerra, who has been nominated to be California’s next attorney general, the big question on Democrats’ minds was hard to miss. How would Mr. Becerra handle the incoming Trump administration? Democratic members of a special Assembly committee made clear that they expected Mr. Becerra, a son of immigrants, to be a bulwark against any federal challenges to California’s stands on immigration, the environment and civil rights. Some of the remarks: The panel voted along party lines, 6 to 3, to support Mr. Becerra. The Republicans said he failed to assuage their concerns on issues including public safety and religious freedom. Next up, the nomination goes before the full chamber. California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a   Californian  —   born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano. He lives in Davis. Follow him on Twitter. California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley.",0
6551,"I was actually born in Kenya, says Obama","I was actually born in Kenya, says Obama 09-11-16 
BARACK Obama has admitted he was born in Kenya and ‘you can all go fuck yourselves’. 
At a White House press conference, the soon to be former president confirmed he had thoroughly enjoyed his time in office and had been lying about his birth certificate all along. 
He said: “Job done. Got to live here for eight years. It is a seriously nice place. I also had a huge plane and a helicopter and I could play golf whenever I wanted.” 
He added: “Anyway, enjoy this total shitfest. I’m going to become a professor, or head of some big UN thing.” 
President Obama then laughed and went back to watching a marathon session of Salvage Hunters and looking at a brochure for ‘one of those massive Audis’. 
Share:",0
6552,"Global Warming Alters Arctic Food Chain, Scientists Say, With Unforeseeable Results - The New York Times","The Arctic Ocean may seem remote and forbidding, but to birds, whales and other animals, it’s a   dining destination. “It’s a great place to get food in the summertime, so animals are flying or swimming thousands of miles to get there,” said Kevin R. Arrigo, a biological oceanographer at Stanford University. But the menu is changing. Confirming earlier research, scientists reported Wednesday that global warming is altering the ecology of the Arctic Ocean on a huge scale. The annual production of algae, the base of the food web, increased an estimated 47 percent between 1997 and 2015, and the ocean is greening up much earlier each year. These changes are likely to have a profound impact for animals further up the food chain, such as birds, seals, polar bears and whales. But scientists still don’t know enough about the biology of the Arctic Ocean to predict what the ecosystem will look like in decades to come. While global warming has affected the whole planet in recent decades, nowhere has been hit harder than the Arctic. This month, temperatures in the high Arctic have been as much as 36 degrees above average, according to records kept by the Danish Meteorological Institute. In October, the extent of sea ice was 28. 5 percent below average  —   the lowest for the month since scientists began keeping records in 1979. The area of missing ice is the size of Alaska and Texas put together. Since the   researchers like Dr. Arrigo have been trying to assess the effects of retreating ice on the Arctic ecosystem. The sun returns to the Arctic each spring and melts some of the ice that formed in winter. Algae in the open water quickly spring to life and start growing. These algae are the base of the food chain in the Arctic Ocean, grazed by krill and other invertebrates that in turn support bigger fish, mammals and birds. Dr. Arrigo and his colleagues visited the Arctic in research ships to examine algae in the water and to determine how it affected the water’s color. They then reviewed satellite images of the Arctic Ocean, relying on the color of the water to estimate how much algae was growing  —   what scientists call the ocean’s productivity. The sea’s productivity was rapidly increasing, Dr. Arrigo found. Last year he and his colleagues published their latest update, estimating that the productivity of the Arctic rose 30 percent between 1998 and 2012. But Mati Kahru, an oceanographer at the University of California, San Diego, was skeptical. As an expert on remote sensing, he knew how hard it is to get a reliable picture of the Arctic Ocean. The ocean is notoriously cloudy, and algae are not the only thing that tinting the water. Rivers deliver   organic matter into the Arctic Ocean, which can give the impression that there’s more algae in the water than is actually there. Dr. Kahru and his colleagues decided to take an independent look, scouring satellite databases for images taken from 1997 to 2015  —   “every image available,” he said. The scientists used a mathematical equation to determine how the color in each pixel of each image was determined by algae, runoff, and other factors. Dr. Kahru decided that Dr. Arrigo was right: The Arctic Ocean has become vastly more productive. Marcel Babin, an oceanographer at Université Laval in Quebec who was not involved in the new study, said that the researchers had done “very careful work” that confirmed the earlier studies. “It’s an important finding,” he said. Not only is the Arctic Ocean producing more algae, but it’s doing so sooner each year. “These blooms are coming earlier, sometimes two months earlier,” Dr. Kahru said. In fact, the bloom may be coming even sooner than satellites can record. On research cruises, Dr. Arrigo and his colleagues have found that open water is no longer a requirement for algae to grow. The ice has gotten so thin that sunlight reaches through it. “Now they’re not even waiting for the ice to melt,” said Dr. Arrigo said of algal organisms. If we stay on our current course, pouring more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere, the Arctic will only get warmer, perhaps becoming   in the summer. If algae can find more nitrogen and other nutrients in the ocean, its productivity may continue to rise. Scientists can’t yet say what the ecological effects of this transformation will be. “It is probable it will have an impact on the whole food web,” Dr. Babin said. Dr. Babin and his colleagues have been studying that impact over the past two summers on an expedition called the Green Edge Project, which has studied the ecology in Baffin Bay off the coast of northern Canada. They hope to present the first results of the survey next year. Some species may thrive because they can graze on the extra algae. But if the ecosystem comes to life earlier in the year, many species may be left behind. Fish larvae may not be able to develop fast enough. Migrating whales and birds may show up too late. A lot of the extra algae may drop to the sea floor by then, untouched. “It’s going to be a different Arctic unless we turn things around,” said Dr. Arrigo.",0
6553,Detroit women’s Halloween decorations depict ‘real-life horrors’ … such as shootings police by police,"Print 
[Ed. – How to take the fun out of Halloween.] 
As Halloween approaches, hair-raising yard displays can often cause people to stop, gawk and whip out their cellphones. 
Larethia Haddon is well aware of that, and is using it to shine some light on real-life horrors, rather than typical Halloween themes. 
In her yard at the corner of Mendota and Santa Maria avenues in Detroit, there are six dummies portraying police shootings, slain children, the Flint water crisis, and other horrors. 
Last year, a single dummy placed face-down in the grass, realistically depicting a dead body in her yard, shocked passersby and caused fearful calls to the police. 
This time around, Haddon wants to inspire a broader range of thought, rather than just shock. 
“We’re trying to do something positive instead of just having a dead body laying in the yard,” she said. “Want to get people to be a little more focused on the issues, what’s going on in the world. We need to stick together more. We need to come together. And if we don’t, this scene in my yard is going to be reality every single day.”",0
6554,Scientists Say Melanesians Carry DNA Of Unknown Species,"Posted on October 29, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in Sci/Environment // 0 Comments 
People from Melanesia contain traces of DNA belonging to an unknown species, according to an exciting new computer analysis. 
Scientists say that Melanesians, people from a region in the South Pacific, contain DNA of an unknown human species in their genetic makeup. 
Ryan Bohlender told the annual meeting of the American Society of Human Genetics that the DNA was very unlikely to be Neanderthal or Denisovan – but is likely a third, unknown “human” relative. 
Sciencealert.com reports: 
“ We’re missing a population, or we’re misunderstanding something about the relationships ,” Ryan Bohlender, a statistical geneticist from the University of Texas, told Tina Hesman Saey at Science News . Alien DNA? People from the Pacific Islands carry DNA from a third, unknown “human” relative 
Bohlender and his team have been investigating the percentages of extincthominid DNA that modern humans still carry today, and say they’ve found discrepancies in previous analyses that suggest our mingling with Neanderthals and Denisovans isn’t the whole story. 
It’s thought that between 100,000 and 60,000 years ago, our early ancestors migrated out of Africa, and first made contact with other hominid species living on the Eurasian landmass. 
This contact left a mark on our species that can still be found today, with Europeans and Asians carrying distinct genetic variants of Neanderthal DNA in their own genomes. 
And that’s not all they’ve given us. 
Earlier this year, researchers investigated certain genetic variants that people of European descent inherited from Neanderthals, and found that they’re associated with several health problems, including a slightly increased risk of depression, heart attack, and a number of skin disorders. 
And a separate study published earlier this month found evidence that modern genital warts – otherwise known as the human papillomavirus (HPV) – were sexually transmitted to Homo sapiens after our ancestors slept with Neanderthals and Denisovans once they left Africa. 
While our relationship with Neanderthals has been widely researched, how we interacted with the Denisovans – the distant cousins of Neanderthals – is less clear. 
The problem is that Neanderthals are well represented in the fossil record, with many remains having been uncovered across Europe and Asia, but all we have of the Denisovans is a lone finger bone and a couple of teeth that were found in a Siberian cave in 2008. 
Using a new computer model to figure out the amount of Neanderthal and Denisovan DNA carried by modern humans, Bohlender and his colleague found that Europeans and Chinese people carry a similar amount of Neanderthal DNA: about 2.8 percent. 
That result is pretty similar to previous studies have estimated that Europeans and Asians carry, on average, between 1.5 and 4 percent Neanderthal DNA. 
But when they got to Denisovan DNA, things were a bit more complicated, particularly when it came to modern populations living in Melanesia – a region of the South Pacific that includes Vanuatu, the Solomon Islands, Fiji, Papua New Guinea, New Caledonia, West Papua, and the Maluku Islands. 
As Hesman Saey explains for Science News : “Europeans have no hint of Denisovan ancestry, and people in China have a tiny amount – 0.1 percent, according to Bohlender’s calculations. But 2.74 percent of the DNA in people in Papua New Guinea comes from Neanderthals. And Bohlender estimates the amount of Denisovan DNA in Melanesians is about 1.11 percent, not the 3 to 6 percent estimated by other researchers. While investigating the Denisovan discrepancy, Bohlender and colleagues came to the conclusion that a third group of hominids may have bred with the ancestors of Melanesians.” 
“Human history is a lot more complicated than we thought it was,” he told her .",0
6555,Republicans’ 4-Step Plan to Repeal the Affordable Care Act - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Vice   Mike Pence and the top Republicans in Congress made clear on Wednesday, more powerfully and explicitly than ever, that they are dead serious about repealing the Affordable Care Act. How they can uproot a law deeply embedded in the nation’s health care system without hurting some of the 20 million people who have gained coverage through it is not clear. Nor is it yet evident that millions of Americans with   medical conditions will be fully protected against disruptions in their health coverage. But a determined Republican president and Congress can gut the Affordable Care Act, and do it quickly: a    health care revolution in reverse that would undo many of the changes made since the law was signed by President Obama in March 2010. The Senate intends to pass a budget resolution next week that would shield repeal legislation from a Democratic filibuster. If the Senate completes its action, House Republican leaders hope that they, too, can approve a version of the budget resolution next week. Whether they can meet that goal is unclear. The resolution contains seemingly innocuous language, instructing four committees that control health care policy  —   two in the Senate, two in the House  —   to draft legislation within their jurisdiction that would cut at least $1 billion from the deficit over 10 years. But that language has real teeth. The legislation produced to meet those instructions can pass the Senate with a simple majority  —   51 votes if all senators are present  —   obliterating the power of the Democratic minority to block it. Those four committees would have just a few weeks, until Jan. 27, to produce legislation repealing major provisions of the Affordable Care Act. House Republicans have some practice at this, because they have voted more than 60 times since 2011 to repeal some or all of the law. The budget blueprint will guide Congress but will not be presented to the president for a signature or veto. The committees  —   House Energy and Commerce, House Ways and Means, Senate Finance, and Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions  —   will quickly assemble legislation intended to eviscerate the health care law. The repeal legislation will be in the form of a reconciliation bill, authorized by the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. Such bills can be adopted under special   procedures. But Senate rules generally bar the use of those procedures for measures that have no effect on spending or revenue. So the legislation, as now conceived, would probably leave the most popular provisions of the health law intact, such as the prohibition on insurers’ denying coverage to people with   conditions. Instead, the legislation would: ■ Eliminate the tax penalties imposed on people who go without insurance and on larger employers who do not offer coverage to employees. ■ Eliminate tens of billions of dollars provided each year to states that have expanded eligibility for Medicaid. ■ Repeal subsidies for private health insurance coverage obtained through the public marketplaces known as exchanges. It could also repeal some of the taxes and fees that help pay for the expansion of coverage under the Affordable Care Act. But some Republicans have indicated that they may want to use some of that revenue for their    plan to replace the health care law. The 2010 law imposed taxes and fees on certain   people and on health insurers and manufacturers of   prescription drugs and medical devices, among others. Republicans have not said for sure which taxes they will scrap and which they may keep. Republicans say they will delay the effective date of their repeal bill to avoid disrupting coverage and to provide time for them to develop alternatives to Mr. Obama’s law. They disagree over how long the delay should last, with two to four years being mentioned as possibilities. Within days of taking office,   Donald J. Trump plans to announce executive actions on health care. Some may undo Obama administration policies. Others will be meant to stabilize health insurance markets and prevent them from collapsing in a vast sea of uncertainty. “We are working on a series of executive orders that the   will put into effect to ensure that there is an orderly transition, during the period after we repeal Obamacare, to a   health care economy,” Mr. Pence said at the Capitol on Wednesday. He did not provide details, and Trump transition aides said they had no information about the executive orders. But some options are apparent. The federal government could continue providing financial assistance to insurance companies to protect them against financial losses and to prevent consumers’ premiums from soaring more than they have in the last few years. Even as they move full speed toward gutting the existing health law, Republicans are scrambling to find a replacement. At the moment, they have no consensus. Mr. Pence said on Wednesday that the replacement would probably encourage greater use of personal health savings accounts and make it easier for carriers to sell insurance across state lines. Also, he said, it would encourage small businesses to band together and buy insurance through “association health plans” sponsored by business and professional organizations. Some type of subsidy or tax credit for consumers, to help defray the cost of premiums, is also likely. States would have more authority to set insurance standards, and the federal government would have less. Mr. Trump has also endorsed the idea of   “  pools” for people with   conditions who would otherwise have difficulty finding affordable coverage. Many experts have said that repealing the health law without a clear plan to replace it could create havoc in insurance markets. Doctors, hospitals and insurance companies do not know what to expect. Without an effective requirement for people to carry insurance, and without subsidies to buy it, supporters of the law say many healthy people would go without coverage, knowing they could obtain it if they became ill and needed it. Democrats in Congress say they will do everything they can to thwart Republican efforts to dismantle the Affordable Care Act. They plan to dramatize their case by publicizing the experiences of people whose lives have been saved or improved by the law. In the Senate next week, Democrats will demand votes intended to put Republicans on record against proposals that could protect consumers. Defenders of the law also hope to mobilize groups like the American Cancer Society and the American Heart Association to speak up for patients. The Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer of New York, and the House Democratic leader, Nancy Pelosi of California, are encouraging their colleagues to organize rallies around the country on Jan. 15 to oppose the Republicans’ health care agenda. And to buttress their case, Democrats are compiling statistics from the White House and from researchers at   groups like the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, the Commonwealth Fund and the Urban Institute, which warn of catastrophic consequences if the law is repealed.",0
6556,George Takei Invited To Thanksgiving At The Baldwins’ To Referee Trump Feud (TWEETS/VIDEO),"George Takei Invited To Thanksgiving At The Baldwins’ To Referee Trump Feud (TWEETS/VIDEO) By Natalie Dailey   
This has been one of the craziest election seasons in our lifetimes. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is saying incredibly disgusting and insulting things just about every day. It has caused major angst and arguments among many families. 
A famous family, the Baldwins, has been arguing about the candidates on Twitter. The youngest brother, Stephen Baldwin, supports Trump, and he had a heated Twitter exchange with his brother, Billy. 
Star Trek actor George Takei, retweeted the exchange: Waiting for Alec as Trump to weigh in, bigly. pic.twitter.com/ZaVkmO4SQy 
— George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) October 27, 2016 
Billy Baldwin weighed in again when he said: Hey George… you want to come to Thanksgiving this year? 
We are going to need a referee. 
— Billy Baldwin (@BillyBaldwin) October 28, 2016 
Their older brother, Alec Baldwin, has played Donald Trump on Saturday Night Live for several sketches now. Alec did such a good job, that it drew the attention of whiny baby Trump, who said : “Watched ‘Saturday Night Live’ hit job on me. Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!” 
Stephen Baldwin also weighed in on his older brother’s Trump impression when he said : “Well, he’s got the voice down very wellI. I think it’s getting a little too nasty right now. I don’t think it’s very funny. I don’t think there’s anything funny about this election. I think it’s very serious.[sic]” 
Stephen Baldwin is definitely an ardent Trump supporter. He posts lots of tweets supporting the Oompa Loompa for president. Mr. President …",0
6558,Trump Kicks Presstitutes’ Teeth Down Their Lying Throats,"Trump Kicks Presstitutes’ Teeth Down Their Lying Throats
And Presstitute David Remnick in true presstitute fashion tries to turn it against Trump.
Only Trump sins, never the presstitutes. It is OK for the presstitutes to lie, but not OK
to hold the media accountable.
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article45898.htm 
The post Trump Kicks Presstitutes’ Teeth Down Their Lying Throats appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
6559,Turkey Arrests Hundreds in Sweeping Raids Against ISIS - The New York Times,"ISTANBUL  —   Several hundred people suspected of being Islamic State operatives were arrested in a series of coordinated raids by the Turkish police on Sunday, in what constitutes one of Turkey’s largest operations against the jihadist group on the country’s soil. Nearly 450 suspects were rounded up in the early hours of Sunday, according to the Anadolu Agency, a   news wire. Independent television reports later said 690 suspects had been held by the end of the day. At least one attack was said to have been thwarted in the process, according to Anadolu. The operation was distinct from crackdowns on those accused of being supporters of last summer’s failed coup, and on members of the country’s political opposition. More than 130, 000 Turks have been arrested or fired from government posts in the past seven months as part of those efforts, according to government data. Sunday’s raids were the latest salvo in a   conflict between Turkey and the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. In the early years of the Syrian revolution, Turkey was accused of turning a blind eye to the movement of thousands of Islamic State fighters over its southern border with Syria, where they joined the war against the forces of the Syrian president, Bashar  . But the Turkish Army is now in direct conflict with the group in northern Syria, where Turkey is leading attempts to expel the Islamic State from the strategically important city of Al Bab. Turkey has suffered numerous attacks linked to the Islamic State since 2014, most recently in the early hours of this year, when a fighter killed 39 people at a nightclub in Istanbul, Turkey’s largest city. The group is also believed to be behind an October 2015 bombing in Ankara, Turkey’s capital, that killed more than 100 people, and was accused of organizing the killing of 45 people at Istanbul’s main airport last summer. This weekend’s raids occurred across an unusually wide area, with suspects seized in 18 provinces. The move is a change in strategy by the Turkish police, who have usually detained only small numbers of jihadists at a time, said Sinan Ulgen, a former Turkish diplomat, and an analyst who focuses on Turkey for Carnegie Europe, a think tank. But the detentions may not necessarily lead to court cases. “Over all, Turkey’s efforts to combat the influence and network of the Islamic State at home is still handicapped by discrepancies between the different arms of the Turkish state,” Mr. Ulgen said. “An effort led by law enforcement is sometimes handicapped by the decisions of the Turkish judiciary, which as we have seen in the recent past has let go people associated with the Islamic State. ” Ahmet Yayla, a former counterterrorism chief in Turkey and a critic of the Turkish government, also questioned the effectiveness of such a large raid, which he argued could overwhelm the capacity of the counterterrorism police. Officers may not be able to properly handle the paperwork, interrogations and bureaucracy associated with processing more than 50 suspects, said Dr. Yayla, who headed counterterrorism operations in a southeast Turkish province from 2010 to 2012. “It is impossible to process that many terrorists in one operation,” said Dr. Yayla, who now lives in the United States, and who began to publicly criticize the Turkish government after his teenage son was jailed on suspicion of a connection to the coup attempt.",0
6560,"DELINGPOLE: Breitbart Is ’Very Extreme Right,’ Berkeley Prof Tells BBC - Breitbart","Breitbart is a “very extreme right” organization that pumps out “fake news” but has no impact in the real world because it is ignored by the mainstream media. [I learned this from a Berkeley professor of linguistics called George Lakoff who was given space by the BBC to spout his views, virtually unchallenged, for half an hour this week on a Radio 4 programme called Word of Mouth.  Lakoff was introduced as an “eminent linguist” at the “forefront of the debate. ” But no indication was given by the presenter Michael Rosen that he is, in fact, a   professor from a   university best known for writing   books about how awful conservatives are and, most recently, for his vocal opposition to Donald Trump. Perhaps this is because Rosen is   himself. As I’ve argued over similar issues before, none of this would matter a damn if Radio 4 were a commercial channel paid for by advertising or a subscription channel for smug liberals who wanted none of their prejudices challenged. But Radio 4 is neither of those things. It’s a branch of Britain’s state broadcasting arm, the BBC  —   an organization funded by a compulsory subscription fee which all users are obliged to pay on pain of imprisonment. While it’s true that you don’t need a TV license to listen to the radio, it’s also true that Radio 4 is a   beneficiary of the BBC’s   domination of Britain’s airwaves. It has virtually no competition in the field of   features on the radio, firstly, because it has dominated the medium for so long and secondly because it is so massively subsidised (hence the lack of irritating adverts!) it would be virtually suicidal for any commercial venture to try to compete with it. In return for this extremely privileged position —  which ought, by rights, to have long since been withdrawn by   regulators  —   it is obliged under the terms of the BBC’s charter to produce output that is rigorously fair and balanced. This is why we should get cross: not because nasty, horrid, untrue things were said about Breitbart, but because nasty, horrid, untrue things were said about Breitbart by an organization wearing the mantle of authority and the mask of objectivity. Whether rightly or no, the BBC is a media outfit that commands considerable respect around the world. By allowing this professor to make his claims unchallenged on air, the BBC has legitimized the malign, dangerous, and defamatory notions that Breitbart is a) unprofessional, b) outside the realms of acceptable public discourse, and c) on par with the Nazis, the fascists, the Ku Klux Klan, and all the other groups routinely associated with the “extreme right. ” And, note, that “extreme right” was not the phrase Lakoff used. Nope, it was “very extreme right. ” Now, suppose for a moment the BBC had managed to find a conservative professor of linguistics  —   unlikely, I know, but just suppose  …      —   and he’d vented about some   media outfit he didn’t like, calling it “extreme  ” and accusing it of putting out “fake news. ” How do you think he would have been treated by the BBC? At the very least, I would suggest, the BBC would have invited him to justify his criticism. He certainly wouldn’t have been given the free pass that was afforded this Berkeley leftist. The other thing that would have been routinely expected of him is a degree of expertise. What, after all, is the point of inviting an “expert” on if he’s not going to display superior insights into the subject that is supposedly his field? But, shamingly, Lakoff failed almost completely on this score. He claimed that “snowflake” is used as a “slur against gays, who are seen as delicate and flakey. ” Really? I don’t think I’ve ever seen “snowflake” used in that context. It’s used as a term of mockery for hypersensitive millennials who prefer to be protected from ideas or language they don’t agree with, whether they happen to be gay or straight is neither here nor there. He claimed that the phrase “alt right plays on the word ‘alt,’ meaning old, calling up issues from Germany, which is interesting. ” Do you see what the professor did there? Yep. Shameless beyond belief, I know, but he really did just invent a spurious etymology for the “alt” in “alt right. ” (Of course, it stands for alternative and has nothing to do with the German word for “old. ”) He then used it as a way of hinting that the people involved in the “alt right” are sorta, kinda like Hitler. He claimed that the term “fascists” has been embraced by people on the right and that they are proud to define themselves in opposition to the “antifas. ” Nope. Again, he has got it completely wrong. It’s the left that uses “fascist” ad nauseam to describe anyone it disagrees with. “Antifa” is a term the left has chosen to point up this false distinction. He claimed that “ ” is a phrase proudly used by progressives to indicate “I know what’s right. These are our values. ” Again, 100 percent incorrect, professor. “ ” was a phrase coined by the classical   journalist James Bartholomew in the Spectatori to mock the left’s priggish  . This, remember, is a professor of linguistics speaking. Knowing this stuff is his   job. But though he doesn’t appear to have mastered even the basics, he is yet taken seriously enough by the BBC to spout his vile and ignorant prejudice for a full   on an afternoon radio show. Fake news indeed.",0
6561,The Arrivals Bosanski Prijevod 35-theTempleOfSolomon,Support Us The Arrivals Bosanski Prijevod 35-theTempleOfSolomon,0
6562,No Magic in How G.O.P. Plan Lowers Premiums: It Pushes Out Older People - The New York Times,"There are a lot of unpleasant numbers for Republicans in the Congressional Budget Office’s assessment of their health care bill. But congressional leadership found one to cheer: The report says that the bill will eventually cut the average insurance premiums for people who buy their own insurance by 10 percent. House Speaker Paul Ryan pressed that point in a series of appearances Monday night, suggesting that the budget office had found that the House bill would increase choice and competition and lead to lower prices. The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, issued a statement saying, “The Congressional Budget Office agrees that the American Health Care Act will ultimately lower premiums and increase access to care. ” But the way the bill achieves those lower average premiums has little to do with increased choice and competition. It depends, rather, on penalizing older patients and rewarding younger ones. According to the C. B. O. report, the bill would make health insurance so unaffordable for many older Americans that they would simply leave the market and join the ranks of the uninsured. The remaining pool of people would be comparatively younger and healthier and, thus, less expensive to cover. Other changes would help make health insurance skimpier  —   cheaper, but with deductibles that are higher than those criticized by Republicans under Obamacare. Under the G. O. P. bill, the C. B. O. finds that insurance premiums would first spike, by 15 percent to 20 percent more than under Obamacare over the next two years. But by the end of a decade, the average plan would cost 10 percent less than it would under the Affordable Care Act. (Over all, though, 24 million fewer people would have insurance, it found.) Insurers price their products by spreading out the cost of care for their customers. In general, older customers cost substantially more to cover than younger ones because they have more health needs and use their insurance more. By discouraging older people from buying insurance, the plan will lower the average sticker price of care. But that doesn’t mean prices will get lower for everyone. Currently, the subsidies under Obamacare are devised to help limit how much   and   Americans can be asked to pay for health insurance. The Republican plan works differently. It increases the amount that insurers can charge older customers, and it awards flat subsidies by age, up to an income of $75, 000. On premiums alone, prices would rise by more than 20 percent for the oldest group of customers. By 2026, the budget office projected, “premiums in the nongroup market would be 20 percent to 25 percent lower for a    and 8 percent to 10 percent lower for a     —   but 20 percent to 25 percent higher for a   . ” But the change in tax credits matters more. The combined difference in how much extra the older customer would have to pay for health insurance is enormous. The C. B. O. estimates that the price an average    earning $26, 500 would need to pay after using a subsidy would increase from $1, 700 under Obamacare to $14, 600 under the Republican plan. Perhaps unsurprisingly, the C. B. O. concludes that many, many fewer    will continue buying insurance in this market. By 2026, the uninsured rate for those 50 to 64 earning less than about $30, 000 would more than double, from around 12 percent to around 30 percent. Those older customers who would lose out on insurance coverage are more likely than the young customers who would buy it to need help paying big medical bills. Mr. Ryan has said that it is appropriate that the G. O. P. plan will cause more Americans to go without health insurance because it doesn’t have a mandate that people buy coverage or pay a penalty. “We’re saying the government’s not going to force people to buy something that they don’t want to buy,” he said on Fox News Monday afternoon. “And if we end an Obamacare mandate that says you must buy this government     plan, guess what? People aren’t going to buy that. ” But the C. B. O. did not conclude that insurer competition would increase in this new policy environment, or drive down premium prices. And poor, older customers whose insurance costs more than half their income may not really have much of a choice. The Republican plan is designed to pass using a special budget procedure requiring only 50 votes in the Senate. As a result, it doesn’t do much to change the regulations on health insurance that many Republicans believe have made insurance costly under Obamacare. Insurers will still need to charge sick and healthy customers of the same age the same price. And all plans will still need to cover a minimum package of benefits that include maternity care and treatment for drug addiction. The bill does make some changes to how much health insurance plans can ask customers to pay before their coverage kicks in. Under Obamacare, poorer customers get help not just with their premiums but with deductibles and   for their plans. That means that even the hypothetical older customer who could pony up $14, 600 for insurance under the G. O. P. plan would also pay substantially more out of pocket for any health care services. And changes to the requirements for health plans mean that, across the board, deductibles and   will increase. So the average plan that the C. B. O. says will be cheaper will also be less generous than a comparable Obamacare plan. Finally, the C. B. O. concludes that new funding in the law, intended to compensate insurance companies for the cost of caring for the sickest patients, may also help stabilize premiums. That provision is set to expire after 2026, just after the C. B. O. ’s evaluation period ends.",0
6563,Donald Trump Backslides on Campaign Promise To Curb Legal Immigration - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump has slid back from his campaign promises to curb the annual legal immigration of roughly 1 million foreigners. [In an interview with   Economist magazine, Trump was asked: “Do you want to curb legal immigration?” Trump responded by saying he prefers   immigration of skilled people. The interviewer pressed him again on the scale of legal immigration, asking “[are you] not looking to reduce the numbers?”  “No, no, no, no, we want people coming in legally. No, very strongly,” Trump replied, as two of his economic advisors sat beside him  —   top economic staffer Gary Cohn, and Steve Mnuchin, the Secretary of the Treasury.  Trump also backed proposals to keep importing temporary contract workers for the agricultural sector, even though the cheap labor will retard farmers’ emerging interest in buying new machinery, such as robot   and robot  . Trump told the Economist: We also want farm workers to be able to come in. You know, we’re going to have work visas for the farm workers. If you look, you know we have a lot of people coming through the border, they’re great people and they work on the farms and then they go back home. We like those people a lot and we want them to continue to come in. Immigration reform advocates are not surprised at Trump’s   but they are confident that Trump’s dependence on his   base in the 2020 election is pressuring him to stick with his campaign promises, amid constant elite pressure for more legal immigration. “The president was unambiguous in his [2016] campaign   …     one of the things he said was that he would support reductions in immigration,” said Ira Mehlman, communications director at the Federation for American Immigration Reform. “If he is backing off, we will fight to remind him that he did make this commitment during the campaign and we intended to hold him to it,” he told Breitbart. “Anyone following Trump’s primary campaign could have predicted this  —   he repeatedly justified guestworker visas of various kinds and stressed the ‘big beautiful door’ that would be built into his wall,” wrote Mark Krikorian, the director of the Center for Immigration Studies. “Both the   crowd and some   immigration hawks mistook Trump’s commitment to enforcement (which seems genuine) to mean he was also skeptical of the overall level of immigration,” he said, adding that the next generation of populist GOP leaders  —   such as Sen. Tom Cotton  —   understands the many harms caused by mass immigration. But Trump’s backsliding isn’t a done deal. Former President Barack Obama also backed off many of his promises, even while he was urging his supporters to publiccly protest his actions and to push back the lobbies that were blocking his agenda. Obama also adopted a gradualist    political strategy which helped the GOP establishment ignore his gradual progress towards his   goals, and he achieved many goals for his supporters via   court decisions and agency regulations by allied appointees. With constant pressure by Trump’s supporters, Trump will be more willing and better able to ignore or overcome establishment opposition and gradually get his agenda implemented   .  In August 2015, Trump issued his very popular immigration plan to raise wages by reducing legal and illegal immigration: The influx of foreign workers holds down salaries, keeps unemployment high, and makes it difficult for poor and working class Americans  —   including immigrants themselves and their children  —   to earn a middle class wage   …     Every year, we voluntarily admit another [1] million new immigrants, [plus 1 million] guest workers, refugees, and dependents, growing our existing   historic record population of 42 million immigrants. We need to control the admission of new   workers in order to: help wages grow, get teenagers back to work, aid minorities’ rise into the middle class, help schools and communities falling behind, and to ensure our immigrant members of the national family become part of the American dream. Requirement to hire American workers first. Too many [contract worker] visas, like the   have no such requirement. In the year 2015, with 92 million Americans outside the workforce and incomes collapsing, we need companies to hire from the domestic pool of unemployed. Petitions for workers should be mailed to the unemployment office, not USCIS  …    . Immigration moderation. Before any new green cards are issued to foreign workers abroad, there will be a pause where employers will have to hire from the domestic pool of unemployed immigrant and native workers. This will help reverse women’s plummeting workplace participation rate, grow wages, and allow record immigration levels to subside to more moderate historical averages.  Trump repeated those commitments in many subsequent speeches. For example, in March 2016, Trump called for a   pause in legal immigration, saying “I think for a period of a year to two years we have to look back and we have to see, just to answer the second part of your question, where we are, where we stand, what’s going on   …      I’d say a minimum of one year, maybe two years. ” In his January 2017 inauguration speech, he described the theme of his administration as “Buy American, Hire American. ” Some polls show that promise is extremely popular. For example, a November 2016 poll by Ipsos showed that only 12 percent of respondents strongly opposed plans to “change the legal immigration system to limit legal immigration. ” Four times as many, or 57 percent, back reductions in legal immigration, while 13 percent did not take a position. To a large extent, Trump has followed through on those promises. He has revived enforcement of immigration law, slashed the inflow of illegal immigrants, and he is pushing a popular   reform that would likely reduce the inflow of unskilled legal immigrants. Trump’s   reform is also backed by some GOP legislators who want to increase Americans’ productivity, not just the number of American consumers.  But Trump is under constant pressure from business leaders  —   including some of his advisors  —   who have a huge incentive to boost legal immigration, no matter the cost to ordinary Americans.  In strictly economic terms, legal immigration is far more important than    illegal immigration, because it is far larger and has far greater impact on employees, companies, and investors, wages, housing prices, profits and stock prices. In fact, multiple economists  —   including economists at Goldman Sachs  —   say government should try to boost the size of the economy by importing more consumers and workers. Federal immigration policy adds roughly 1 million legal people, workers, consumers and renters per year to the economy. This annual inflow is further expanded by the immigrants’ children, which now combine to create a population of roughly 63 million consumers and workers  —  not counting roughly 21 million illegals and their U. S. children. That means roughly   of the nation’s consumers have been imported into the 330   economy via legal or illegal immigration. This legal inflow includes some very skilled workers and some people who become very successful entrepreneurs, but it also dumps a lot of unskilled workers into the country just as a new generation of technology is expected to eliminate many types of jobs. It also annually shifts $500 billion from employees to employers and Wall Street, and it forces state and local government to provide $60 billion in taxes to businesses via routine aid for immigrants, and it pushes millions of marginal U. S. workers out of the labor force and into poverty, crime and opioid addiction. High immigration also reduces employers’ need to recruit disengaged Americans, to build new facilities in   areas, or to buy   machinery or to demand that local schools rebuild high school vocational training departments for the millions of youth who don’t gain much from   colleges. The resulting poverty and civic conflicts increase   support for Democrats, ensuring that more states  —   especially   California  —   are dominated by the Democratic Party’s   policies. Under Obama, the annual inflow of legal immigrants was roughly twice the inflow of illegals. Roughly 550, 000 illegals arrived in 2016, but fewer are expected in 2017, according to the Center for Immigration Studies. Whenever the inflow of extra immigrant customers is threatened by public opposition, business groups say their companies and investors will be damaged. For example, in July 2016, a Wall Street firm tried to help Hillary Clinton by declaring that Trump’s opposition to illegal immigration would hurt companies and investors by forcing them to pay higher wages, and by reducing the cost of housing. “As the immigrants leave, the already tight labor market will get tighter, pushing up labor costs as employers struggle to fill the open job positions,” the report declared. “Mr. Trump’s immigration policies will thus result in   …     potentially severe labor shortages, and higher labor costs,” the critical report promised. The formal unemployment rate would immediately drop by a third, from 5 percent in 2016 to 3. 5 percent in 2017, the report predicts. Housing prices would drop by almost 4 percent in 2018 and 2019, says the Moody’s report, which did not admit that higher wages and lower housing prices are popular throughout America.   “Reduced immigration would result in slower labor force growth and therefore slower growth in potential GDP,” or annual economic activity, according to a 2017 report by Goldman Sachs. Similarly, Jamie Dimon, the chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase, recently called for an amnesty for illegals and a potentially huge increase in   immigration to help stimulate the economy. “I hope eventually we have proper immigration. Good people who have paid their taxes and haven’t broken the law, get them into citizenship at the back of the line   …     [and] if people get educated here, and they’re foreign nationals, get them a green card,” he said.  In the same interview, Dimon portrayed himself as concerned about the economic condition of ordinary Americans, saying:   wages haven’t gone up. One is,   wages haven’t gone up enough to create a living wage. One is, people losing jobs, more to automation than anything else.   …     There’s some more terrible numbers  —   men, age 25 to 55, the   participation rate is down 10%. That’s unbelievable. There are 35, 000 dying of opioids every year. Seventy percent of kids age 17 to 24 can’t get into the US military because of health or education. Obesity, diabetes, reading and writing. Is that the society we wanted? No. We should be working on these things, acknowledge the flaws we have, and come up with solutions. Not Democrat. Not Republican. Not  . But the 2016 election showed that Trump and centrist Americans recognize that higher immigration means reduced wages, more unemployment, more drug addition, higher housing prices and longer commutes. That is how Trump won the 2016 election in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania, and why his       immigration policy is at the core of his impending 2020 race.  Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC or email the author at NMunro@Breitbart. com,      ",0
6564,Donald Trump Starts Summer Push With Crippling Money Deficit - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump enters the general election campaign laboring under the worst financial and organizational disadvantage of any major party nominee in recent history, placing both his candidacy and his party in political peril. Mr. Trump began June with just $1. 3 million in cash on hand, a figure more typical for a campaign for the House of Representatives than the White House. He trailed Hillary Clinton, who raised more than $28 million in May, by more than $41 million, according to reports filed late Monday night with the Federal Election Commission. He has a staff of around 70 people  —   compared with nearly 700 for Mrs. Clinton  —   suggesting only the barest effort toward preparing to contest swing states this fall. And he fired his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, on Monday, after concerns among allies and donors about his ability to run a competitive race. The Trump campaign has not aired a television advertisement since he effectively secured the nomination in May and has not booked any advertising for the summer or fall. Mrs. Clinton and her allies spent nearly $26 million on advertising in June alone, according to the Campaign Media Analysis Group, pummeling Mr. Trump over his temperament, his statements and his mocking of a disabled reporter. The only sustained reply, aside from Mr. Trump’s gibes at rallies and on Twitter, has come from a pair of groups that spent less than $2 million combined. Mr. Trump’s   for May reflects his lag in assembling the core of a national finance team. In the same month that he clinched the Republican nomination, Mr. Trump raised just $3. 1 million and was forced to lend himself $2 million to meet costs. Some invitations to Trump   events have featured the same short list of national Republican finance volunteers regardless of what city the event is held in, suggesting Mr. Trump has had some trouble lining up local  . A spokesman for Mr. Trump did not respond to an inquiry about the campaign’s spending plans. During an interview on Monday on CNN, Mr. Lewandowski defended the candidate’s   approach. “We are leaner, meaner, more efficient, more effective. Get bigger crowds. Get better coverage,” Mr. Lewandowski said. “If this was the business world, people would be commending Mr. Trump for the way he’s run this campaign. ” But the shortfall is leaving Mr. Trump extraordinarily dependent on the Republican National Committee, which has seen record   this campaign cycle and, long before Mr. Trump even declared his upstart candidacy, had begun investing heavily in a   plan to bolster the party’s technical and organizational capacity. In a first for a major party nominee, Mr. Trump has suggested he will leave the crucial task of field organizing in swing states to the Republican National Committee, which typically relies on the party’s nominee to help fund, direct and staff national Republican political efforts. His decision threatens to leave the party with significant shortfalls of money and manpower: On Monday, the party reported raising $13 million during May, about a third of the money it raised in May 2012, when Mitt Romney led the ticket. “It’s like a waterfall,” said Brian O. Walsh, a Republican campaign strategist. “There are things that have to happen, and someone has to pay for them. ” Mr. Trump’s cash crunch marks a stark reversal from the 2012 presidential campaign, which seemed to inaugurate a new era of virtually unlimited money in American politics, buoyed by the Supreme Court’s Citizens United decision two years earlier. By the same point that year, President Obama and Mr. Romney were raising tens of millions of dollars per month with their parties. And while Mr. Romney faced a larger deficit overall against Mr. Obama in June 2012, he was raising far more money than Mr. Trump is now, with big donors flocking to his cause. “The campaign has got to be the entity that’s out there driving the   car,” said Austin Barbour, a lobbyist who served as national finance   of the Romney campaign. “And it better be a big old Cadillac. ” Mr. Trump has defied conventional wisdom before, clinching the Republican nomination with a small organization and modest outlays on television. And Republican officials believe they are well prepared to compensate for Mr. Trump’s late start. The Republican National Committee has more than 500 field staff members on the ground in swing states, far more than in 2012, and a robust digital and data operation. Allies of Mr. Trump say they believe the tide is already turning. On Tuesday, Mr. Trump will appear at a     in New York City hosted by some of the most prominent names on Wall Street.   for Mr. Trump, who asked for anonymity to discuss internal discussions, said they were now hoping to raise up to $500 million in joint efforts with the Republican National Committee, or an average of $100 million a month from June through October. He is now reliably raising between $5 million and $7 million in each city where he raises money, those donors said. A joint   effort with Mr. Trump and 11 state Republican parties yielded the Republican National Committee $3 million in just five days at the end of May. Some of the largest checks came from a handful of wealthy Trump supporters who are not party mainstays, suggesting Mr. Trump could tap new sources of campaign money. But Mr. Romney was also backed by expansive network of   “super PACs” and other outside groups that collectively spent hundreds of millions of dollars in an effort to elect him. This year, the Democrats are leading in outside money. Priorities USA Action, a group focused on advertising in support of Mrs. Clinton, announced on Monday that it had raised $12 million in May and had $52 million on hand  —   a huge reserve. The outside spending effort to help Mr. Trump, by contrast, has been chaotic and underfunded, hampered by a profusion of competing groups, one of which has spent only $1 million so far on Mr. Trump’s behalf. The most prominent group, Great America, is advised by Ed Rollins, who managed Ronald Reagan’s 1984 campaign, and other more seasoned Republican operatives. But it, too, has had difficulty persuading big donors: On Monday, it reported raising just $1. 4 million during the month of May.   efforts for Mr. Trump have been hampered by the candidate’s own erratic public comments. He has repeatedly said he will pay for his own campaign even as his volunteers fan out around the country to solicit   checks, confusing allies and potential donors alike. “Two days ago, he said, ‘I may fund it myself,’” Mr. Rollins said. “Donors are all being cautious about what’s going to happen here. ”",0
6565,Being an Indian Patriot means Defending India’s Economy | Katehon think tank. Geopolitics & Tradition,"Home » Being an Indian Patriot means Defending India’s Economy Being an Indian Patriot means Defending India’s Economy Adnan Aboobacker 
The demonetization of the currency notes of five hundred and a thousand rupees could control wide-scale corruption, counterfeit money, illegal tax collectors in insurgent provinces, anti-national money systems, and black money utilized by criminal networks. Government income increases through tax collection. But we also need diverse programs to observe and monitor the black money deposits of big fish in foreign banks and control criminal networks sponsored by alternative money exchanges and banking methods in foreign countries. In addition, there should be strict observation and monitoring of multilevel chain network marketing companies under the corporate umbrella. 
Enemy countries are utilizing international criminal networks to destabilize the Indian economy through printing and circulating large amounts of counterfeits across borders and transporting counterfeits by air and sea through improper channels and criminal organizations. But they are using religions like Islam and Islamic symbols for their tasks. Real Muslims don’t help the criminal networks to propagate terrorism in india. 
Controlling the criminal networks throughout India by specially trained forces is the best option for strengthening the Indian economy. The digitalization of data and wealth under the American imperialists and the trade and investment bonds connected to foreign share markets can badly affect the Indian economy when a sudden crisis occurs. India should change its economic policy from a liberal and globalist point of view and seek another alternative, an independent Indian economic policy which can help India develop and become a superpower with a sustainable economy. 
Traditional forms of transactions made in certain sections of Indian ethical society should be protected through strict monitoring. Opportunities should be opened for Muslim communities to operate with real Islamic banking under government control which can invite large amounts of investments from Muslims who fear mortgage-based banking programs that are not suitable for them. This fear factor is utilized by criminal networks, black marketers, anti-nationals, and other enemies who wish to destroy the Indian economy. The economic ideology of different political parties in India is different, so the liberal, globalist, digital economic code may not be received by all communities in India. 
Digital banking robbery conducted by international criminals world wide poses a real threat. Strict monitoring by the government and new alternatives are very urgent in this moment. The weakness of the Indian opposition is celebrated by the Indian right wing and invites Indians to embrace patriotism. Indians wish to become independent from foreign economic interventions. Economic emergencies are also a test for Indian citizens on the right. Related links ",0
6566,CIVIL WAR II – FOURTH TURNING INTENSIFYING (PART 2),"Posted on November 5, 2016 by JimQ 
In Part One of this article I laid out the case against the criminal establishment and how the regeneracy is being driven by the anti-establishment sentiment sweeping across the land. This atonement Fourth Turning will de-establish decade’s worth of delusional decisions. This election has destroyed the last vestiges of trust in this fraudulent system. 
This dysfunctional rigged presidential election reflects the tearing of the civic fabric at points of maximum susceptibility. As a country we have neglected, denied, or delayed necessary action on a plethora of vital issues threatening our long term viability as a nation. The deferral of difficult painful decisions has been a ploy of the ruling class, allowing them to further siphon the wealth of a dying empire, while maintaining control over the masses through laws, regulations, taxes, surveillance, intimidation, technology bread and circuses, and mainstream media propaganda. 
This is a country truly divided, much along the lines of the first Civil War. The divisions aren’t just along political party lines, but race, education, geography, gender, age, class, religion and ability to think critically. The presidential polls (IBD) reveal many of these divisions clearly:",0
6567,Sex Toy Company Pays Out Nearly $3 Million over ’Smart Vibrator’ Secretly Collecting Intimate Data - Breitbart,"Sex toy company   has been ordered to pay out nearly $3 million after it was revealed that a “smart vibrator” was secretly collecting intimate data. [The   4 Plus vibrator, which allows users to customize their sexual experience with a variety of options via an app, was discovered to be secretly sending “vast quantities of user data to  ’s parent company,” while it was also revealed that the device could be hacked from a “close proximity. ”  “Following a   lawsuit in an Illinois federal court,  ’s parent company Standard Innovation has been ordered to pay a total of C$4m [Canadian dollars] to owners, with those who used the vibrator’s associated app entitled to the full amount each. Those who simply bought the vibrator can claim up to $199,” reports The Guardian. “The app that controls the vibrator is barely secured, allowing anyone within Bluetooth range to seize control of the device. ” “In addition, data is collected and sent back to Standard Innovation, letting the company know about the temperature of the device and the vibration intensity  —   which, combined, reveal intimate information about the user’s sexual habits,” they continued. The security concerns were reportedly exposed at 2016’s Def Con Hacking Conference in Las Vegas. “At Standard Innovation we take customer privacy and data security seriously,” declared the company in a statement. “We have enhanced our privacy notice, increased app security, provided customers [with] more choice in the data they share, and we continue to work with leading privacy and security experts to enhance the app. With this settlement, Standard Innovation can continue to focus on making new, innovative products for our customers. ” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
6568,Dear Mr. President- How Many Jobs Will Building a Wall Create? Part 2,"Dear Mr. President- How Many Jobs Will Building a Wall Create? Part 2 By Lee Adler.   In this report, we drill down into industry subsectors to see who the biggest losers and biggest winners might be, and whether any of these smaller employment groupings offer any hope for the future. I will demonstrate to you that they do not, and that you should plan your investments accordingly.  ",0
6570,Comment on Cop’s Attempt to Abuse His Authority During Fit of Road Rage is Shutdown by Informed Citizen by Jynxster,"Home / Badge Abuse / Cop’s Attempt to Abuse His Authority During Fit of Road Rage is Shutdown by Informed Citizen Cop’s Attempt to Abuse His Authority During Fit of Road Rage is Shutdown by Informed Citizen Matt Agorist June 14, 2016 9 Comments 
Baldwin, AL — Jonathon Hinote was out with a friend enjoying a boat ride this weekend when he was stopped, harassed and promised a citation for legally practicing his freedom of speech. 
The incident began as Hinote was attempting to pull out into traffic. According to Hinote, he was trying to merge onto the highway, when Pritchard police officer Lopez pulled behind him. Lopez, according to Hinote, became impatient and laid on his horn. 
“I gave him the finger for beeping at me to pull out into oncoming traffic when I had a 20 ft trailer behind my truck,” recalls Hinote. 
After Hinote had expressed his feelings about being honked at, the officer became enraged and proceeded to abuse his power. 
Flipping the bird has been ruled to be free speech many times over. In fact, in a 14-page opinion, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit addressed the specific action of flipping off cops when it ruled that the “ancient gesture of insult is not the basis for a reasonable suspicion of a traffic violation or impending criminal activity.” 
However, we’ve seen citizens pepper-sprayed, assaulted, and arrested for this act of free speech. And, as the video below shows, police could not care less about protecting your free speech if it’s something they don’t like. 
“What gives you the right to flip me off at the intersection?” asks the officer, apparently oblivious to the Bill of Rights. 
Hinote attempts to explain that the officer was honking at him which sparked the hand gesture. 
“If somebody comes up to you and flips you off, what would you do?” asks the clearly oblivious officer. 
Well officer, if someone flips off those of us in the citizen class, we can’t do anything about it, because it is an act of free speech and being offended gives you no legal right to initiate violence or attempt to detain that person at all. 
However, because this officer has a badge and a gun, he is able to detain otherwise entirely innocent people for his own personal vendetta. 
Hinote then proceeds to explain to Lopez that the Supreme Court has, in fact, ruled that flipping the bird is 100 percent protected — even when it’s aimed at police officers. 
When the officer is schooled on the law, he does what many other officers do and tries to turn freedom of speech into ‘disorderly conduct.’ But he’s dealing with someone who clearly knows his rights. 
“Am I being detained?” asks Hinote. 
“Yes, see those blue lights? You are being detained,” replies officer Lopez. 
Hinote knows he did nothing wrong, so he stands his ground. Eventually, the officer realizes he has no legal basis for the stop and backs down, but not before threatening an act of extortion through the mail. 
Below is an example of how police can and will act out their rage with impunity — for the simple fact they have a badge and a gun. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist Share",0
6571,Report: Colorado Taxpayers Paid $522M to Imprison Criminal Illegal Aliens in Last 20 Years - Breitbart,"Colorado taxpayers paid more than half a billion dollars to imprison criminal illegal aliens over the past 20 years, according to a report. [An analysis of the Colorado Department of Corrections’ State Criminal Alien Assistance Program (SCAAP) applications showed that taxpayers paid more than $522 million toward the incarceration of aliens, CBS Denver reported.  SCAAP is a federal grant designed to foot the bill for some of the costs associated with incarcerating illegal aliens. In order to receive SCAAP funding, the state’s prisons must give the Department of Justice a list of names of illegal aliens and how much time they have served behind bars. In 2015 alone, the Colorado prison system harbored 1, 992 illegal aliens, who made up 7. 8 percent of the state’s prison population, at a cost of $59. 7 million to the taxpayers. But that amount of money only includes the amount spent on state prisons. Here is a breakdown of how much illegal aliens cost taxpayers at the county and city levels: Robert Dunn, a victim of an assault by an illegal alien, says he “feels victimized” by having to pay taxes to support the cost of his assailant’s life behind bars. His assailant is now serving a   prison sentence in a Colorado state prison. “I think America is welcoming and we try to do our best to help people who come over here but we just don’t need those kind of people,” said Dunn. “Send him back right away, why should I feed him for six years?” The federal government is only reimbursing 4 percent of the costs of incarcerating illegal aliens through SCAAP, leaving the rest of the burden to the taxpayer. “When we say immigration is only a federal problem, it’s not,” said state Sen. Lambert (R). “We don’t want people to forget that a lot of the impacts are also on the states because the federal government is not reimbursing us for the cost of this incarceration. ” President Trump plans to cut much of this SCAAP funding at the federal level and shift funding to the state and local level. A county judge in Texas, however, demanded in February that the federal government reimburse Bexar County for the $22. 3 million the county spent to incarcerate illegal aliens.",0
6572,Cheese shortage due to enlarged moon. More soon.,"Posted: Nov 14th, 2016 by Guest Click for more article by Guest .. More Stories about: Ticker",0
6574,Secret Nazi Base “Treasure Hunter” Just Discovered in the Arctic,"
According to legend, the World War II-era Nazi meteorological station called the ‘Schatzgraber’ or ‘Treasure Hunter’ was constructed in 1942. It had been lost for so long, people weren’t even sure that it was real or just a myth.
Turns out, it was real.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. ",0
6575,"Everyone Despises SolarCity Deal, Except Tesla Shareholders - The New York Times","It’s an understatement to say Tesla Motors’ proposed $2. 6 billion takeover of SolarCity has been the most reviled deal of the year. Corporate governance experts are up in arms, because Tesla’s visionary founder, the entrepreneur Elon Musk, also founded SolarCity and is the largest shareholder in both companies. SolarCity’s chief executive is Mr. Musk’s cousin. There are overlapping directors. Critics called it blatant   and accused Mr. Musk of using valuable Tesla shares to bail out a struggling SolarCity. James S. Chanos  —   an investor who, it should be noted, is betting against both stocks  —   called it a “shameful example of corporate governance at its worst. ” But what if the critics are wrong? Many auto industry experts also said the idea of combining Tesla, an   manufacturer, with SolarCity, which makes solar energy panels, makes no strategic sense. Even if energy generation, storage and an auto powertrain are a seamless product,   vertical integration, in which one manufacturer makes all the components, was the old Henry Ford model and later, General Motors’. That approach has gone down in automotive history as a colossal failure. Adam Jonas, the influential auto industry analyst at Morgan Stanley, slashed his price target for Tesla and wrote in a note to clients that potential rewards would not adequately compensate investors for the greater risks and cash flow drain. Expanding into a   business like solar energy exposes Tesla to “untested cost, competitive and regulatory forces,” he warned. Perhaps the harshest verdict came from the market itself: Tesla shares dropped more than 10 percent the day the deal was announced. It did not help Tesla’s cause that a driver using its autopilot feature was killed in May, the first fatality of its kind. That news surfaced just after Mr. Musk made his offer. Mr. Musk “went overnight from being a genius to an idiot,” said Joseph Dennison, portfolio manager at Zevenbergen Capital Investments, a large Tesla shareholder. Largely overlooked in the din, however, is that few, if any, of Tesla’s harshest critics are Tesla’s current shareholders. And they are the only ones who truly matter, because they’ll have a vote on the deal and it’s their money on the line. Tesla’s four biggest shareholders after Mr. Musk are mutual fund managers, including the industry giants Fidelity, Vanguard and T. Rowe Price. None have announced how they’ll vote, but they have a history of supporting management generally, and specifically Mr. Musk. Even before the deal was announced, a Fidelity portfolio manager, Gavin Baker, told investors, “We are fans not just of Tesla products but of the concepts underpinning the firm and potential future partnerships ahead of it. ” Ronald Baron, founder of Baron Capital, which owns 1. 5 million Tesla shares, said his initial reaction was, “Why on earth would anyone want to do this? Can’t you buy these panels much cheaper in China?” He said he had looked into investing in SolarCity several times, and each time decided to pass (a wise decision considering that SolarCity shares have fallen more than 50 percent this year.) But after further research and discussions with Tesla management, Mr. Baron told me his concerns had been largely assuaged. “Until I read the proxy, I can’t tell you how I’m going to vote,” he said. “But the more we researched this, the more sense it made to combine Tesla with solar panels. We believe they can make better products, make them more efficiently, and realize tremendous savings by selling the two products together. ” Other investors have also been reconsidering the merits of the deal. Tesla shares have more than recovered what they lost after the deal was announced. And investors brushed off an announcement on Wednesday of    quarterly losses, focusing instead on higher vehicle production and new orders. Tesla tried to do its best to allay concerns about Mr. Musk’s conflict of interest. Mr. Musk will not vote, nor will other insiders who own shares in both companies, a step that was not mandated by law. Tesla maintains that various committees of directors that it says are independent vigorously negotiated terms of the deal, and that Mr. Musk did not know the price before it was agreed on. When the deal became final on Monday, the price was slightly lower than that announced in June, suggesting some genuine haggling went on. But realistically, Mr. Musk’s dominant role in both companies means that “it’s an intractable problem,” said Charles M. Elson, an expert in corporate governance at the University of Delaware. “There’s no way to resolve this. The only way would be not to do it. ” Tesla says that would elevate corporate governance purity at the expense of common sense. “We’ve tried to take every appropriate step” to minimize the conflict issues, Todd A. Maron, Tesla’s general counsel, told me this week. “But if there are synergies, which there are, and we can make the best product under one company’s ownership, and we can persuade the independent shareholders to support the deal, there shouldn’t be a strict prohibition just because someone is on both sides. ” Mr. Dennison of Zevenbergen Capital said that focusing on conflicts “is missing the bigger picture. ” “To make these future products as good, integrated and efficient as possible,” he added, “you need the two companies working together. ” He said his firm had not announced how it would vote, but he has typically sided with management. As for making its own batteries and solar panels and being vertically integrated, Tesla maintains it had little choice. “Tesla does not believe in vertical integration as an objective in and of itself,” Mr. Maron said, but “goes down that path because there’s no better option. ” Tesla has said its planned auto production volume would consume “today’s entire worldwide production of lithium ion batteries. ” Given Tesla’s   vision and strategy, the deal should not have come as any great surprise. Mr. Musk talked about solar power in his “master plan” 10 years ago, and last month he elaborated in his “master plan, part deux. ” “Create a smoothly integrated and beautiful     product that just works, empowering the individual as their own utility, and then scale that throughout the world,” he said. “We can’t do this well if Tesla and SolarCity are different companies, which is why we need to combine and break down the barriers inherent to being separate companies. ” Admittedly, that’s a   vision that has little to do with the latest quarterly earnings. If Tesla owners were plugging their cars into outlets with electricity from   power plants, there would not be much sustainability to get excited about. “Musk’s vision from Day 1 10 years ago was to accelerate sustainable energy, “ said Mr. Dennison. “That’s a much bigger vision than building cars. ” And vision is what Tesla’s shareholders are buying into, just as Amazon investors put their faith in Jeff Bezos. That’s why, for all the controversy, the SolarCity deal will almost surely be approved by Tesla shareholders. “If you’re investing in a Musk business, you’re investing in something that hasn’t happened yet, so it’s risky,” said Mr. Baron. “But I love the guy. He’s totally focused. He’s already accomplished what people said could never be done. ” Mr. Dennison agreed. “You’re investing in the people who make and execute decisions,” he said. “This is obviously tied to a bigger picture and a   road map than most. But Tesla management has executed on all the goals they’ve laid out. I’d say this is an investment based on faith, but not blind faith. ”",0
6576,"Many Insured Children Lack Essential Health Care, Study Finds - The New York Times","Margo Solomon has health insurance for herself and her four children. But actually getting treatment is another matter. Ms. Solomon, a    mother from the Bronx, says she has struggled to find a doctor who accepts her insurance. And with three of her children coping with asthma, and one with more complicated medical problems, locating a specialist is even more challenging. And once in the door, she cannot afford the costs, including for deductibles and medications. “I feel like I am all alone out here,” Ms. Solomon said. She is not alone. A new study to be released on Monday by the Children’s Health Fund, a nonprofit based in New York City that expands access to health care for disadvantaged children, found that one in four children in the United States did not have access to essential health care, though a record number of young people now have health insurance. The report found that 20. 3 million people in the nation under the age of 18 lack “access to care that meets modern pediatric standards. ” Guidelines issued by the American Academy of Pediatrics  say that all children should get health maintenance visits for immunizations and other preventive services management of acute and chronic medical conditions access to mental health support and dental care and have    availability of emergency services and timely access to subspecialists. While Medicaid and many private insurance plans recommend or require that all of those services be provided, under the umbrella of what is known as the medical home, the study found that millions of insured children are not receiving many of the benefits. There are many children with insurance who cannot get primary care and those who do can often have problems getting specialty care. As   Donald J. Trump, a Republican, vows to repeal some, if not all, of the Affordable Care Act, which extended health care coverage to an additional 20 million people, the report’s authors worry that even more children could have trouble receiving the care they need. “The fact that more than 20 million children in the U. S. experience insurance and noninsurance barriers to getting comprehensive and timely health care is a challenge that needs to get the   attention from the new administration,” said the report’s lead author, Dr. Irwin Redlener, president of the nonprofit Children’s Health Fund and a professor of pediatrics and health policy and management at Columbia University. Over the past two decades, the number of children without health insurance has steadily decreased to 3. 3 million last year from around 10 million in 1997, according to an analysis of federal data and the federal government’s 2015 National Health Interview Survey. The effort to extend coverage began 50 years ago with the creation of Medicaid, which provides health insurance for the poor. It continued more recently with the Children’s Health Insurance Program, which offers   coverage to those who make too much money to qualify for Medicaid and, under the Obama administration, with the Affordable Care Act, offering subsidized coverage and state exchanges. The study relied on census data and reports by federal agencies like the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, prominent medical journals, as well as information extrapolated from the fund’s clinics and from its national network of programs that provide health care to underserved children across the country. The findings reveal a system in which getting quality care is often confusing and expensive, with even those who benefit from government programs often becoming deeply frustrated. For the insured, affordability is still an issue. The report noted that   health insurance premiums for family coverage increased by 73 percent from 2003 to 2013. Employees’ contributions to the cost of the premiums climbed by 93 percent over that same period, though the rate of increase slowed after the passage of the Affordable Care Act in 2010. The average deductible for an individual with health insurance was 5 percent of median income in 2013, up from 2 percent in 2003, the report said. The study also cited a survey that found that 59 percent of pediatricians said they had a hard time collecting patients’ shares of deductibles and   from families covered by private   health plans. For those with Medicaid, like Ms. Solomon, difficulties in getting care have also grown. Many clinics and health systems do not accept patients with Medicaid, the study said, because of the low reimbursement rates. Ms. Solomon’s experience is typical. “When I was pregnant with my last child, I had such a hard time finding prenatal care,” she said. She called 15 to 20 doctors before finding one who took her insurance. “I mean, we would call places and they would be like, ‘We take it,’ but it turned out they didn’t,” she said. “It was so hard. ” Even something as simple as getting medicine recently for her son’s strep throat was not simple. Because of a   with her insurance card, Ms. Solomon had to cover a $20   for a prescription that should have been free, she said. The report said experiences like hers were common, both with government programs and some private insurers. “The impacts of these barriers are significant,” the report said. “Parents faced with financial barriers might seek to save money by calling their doctor for advice, rather than seeing that doctor in person rather than fill expensive prescriptions, a parent might rely on a limited supply of pharmaceutical samples. The medical debt incurred by such costs has been linked to reduced access to care, creating a vicious cycle. ” Perhaps just as significant are the barriers caused by demographics. Dr. Michael Kappy, a pediatric endocrinologist at Children’s Hospital Colorado just outside Denver, has seen the problem firsthand. Since 1996, he has traveled in Colorado, Montana and Wyoming to reach children in areas that do not have large medical centers or specialists. “My focus has been strictly speaking to solving the geographic barrier,” Dr. Kappy said. The study estimates that around 14 million children live in areas with a shortage of health professionals. More than three million   residents in New York live in federally designated  shortage areas where, among other criteria, there is less than one primary care doctor for every 3, 000 people. The Affordable Care Act sought to address that problem by expanding the National Health Service Corps, but 65 percent of rural areas still have shortages of health professionals. Dr. Kappy said one encouraging trend was the use of telemedicine, allowing for patients to be evaluated over the internet, with a local physician assistant aiding with   work. To expand and improve   options, however, the programs need to be properly reimbursed, he said, adding that programs that fund the work of doctors doing outreach to isolated communities were critical. Dr. Redlener, the study’s chief author, warned that repealing the Affordable Care Act without an adequate replacement could result in more than three million children losing their insurance. “So far,” Dr. Redlener said, “none of the proposed replacements will do anything to mitigate what children would potentially lose if the A. C. A. is actually repealed. ”",0
6577,Comey’s October Surprise Blows Up In His Face As Democrats Drop The Hammer On FBI Boss,"Senate Democrats aren’t playing around with FBI Director James Comey. Four top Democrats sent Comey and Attorney General Loretta Lynch a letter demanding details on the emails that the FBI is investigating by Monday. In the letter, Sens. Carper, Leahy, Feinstein, and Cardin wrote: 
Senate Democrats aren’t fooling around. They want answers, and they want them right now. As more details become known, FBI Director Comey’s motives have come under criticism. Comey was advised by Attorney General Lynch not to send his letter until after the election, but he sent it anyway. 
Comey worried to FBI employees that his letter would be misunderstood, but he could have easily avoided any misunderstanding by either being specific in his letter or not sending the letter at all. It is becoming difficult to look at Comey’s actions in an objective manner and not see partisan political motivations. 
The FBI Director has interfered in a presidential election with new emails that have nothing to do with the Democratic nominee, but can be used by her opponents for political purposes. 
Democrats are demanding answers, and if James Comey doesn’t answer their questions by Monday, he will be forced to under oath if the Democratic Party wins a majority of seats in the Senate. 
Either way, Comey’s October surprise has blown up in his own face.",0
6578,Report: Online Dating Lowers People’s Standards - Breitbart,"Using online dating services can lead to the lowering of the user’s standards, according to a recent university report. [The report was based on a survey by the Queensland University of Technology, who used data from over 41, 000 participants between the ages of 18 and 80 that were using the Australian dating site RSVP.  “We looked at whether or not people actually contact people who match what they say is their ideal partner in their profile, and our findings show they don’t,” said Queensland University of Technology behavioral economist Stephen Whyte. “Stating a preference for what you are looking for appears to have little to no bearing on the characteristics of people you actually contact. ” “Disclosure of ‘ideal’ partner preferences is a widely offered and   option for people creating a profile on online dating websites, but whether it’s effective or useful in helping people find that special someone is unclear,” he continued. “This study provides quite unique findings in that people may state a preference for an ideal partner but they are more than happy to initiate contact with potential love interests that bear no resemblance whatsoever to that ‘Mr or Mrs Perfect’ they initially think they prefer over all others. ” “As Internet and cyber dating continues to grow at a rapid rate further research is required into the   process and the links between stated preferences and actual choice,” Whyte concluded. “Our study reviewed the interactions of people whose ages ranged from millennials to octogenarians, which in itself demonstrates how widespread online dating is and how it is changing traditional ways in which people find potential love interests. ” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
6579,"Under Hawaii’s Starriest Skies, a Fight Over Sacred Ground - The New York Times","MAUNA KEA, Hawaii  —   Little lives up here except whispering hopes and a little bug called Wekiu. Three miles above the Pacific, you are above almost half the oxygen in Earth’s atmosphere and every step hurts. A few minutes in the sun will fry your skin. Brains and fingers go numb. At night, the stars are so close they seem tangled in your hair. Two years ago, this mountaintop was the scene of a cosmic traffic jam: honking horns, vans and trucks full of astronomers, V. I. P. s, journalists, businesspeople, politicians, protesters and police  —   all snarled at a roadblock just short of the summit. Abandoning their cars, some of the visitors started to hike up the hill toward what would have been a groundbreaking for the biggest and most expensive stargazing machinery ever built in the Northern Hemisphere: the Thirty Meter Telescope, 14 years and $1. 4 billion in the making. They were assembling on a plateau just below the summit, when Joshua Mangauil, better known by his Hawaiian name of Lanakila, then 27, barged onto the scene. Resplendent in a tapa cloth, beads, a red loin cloth, his jet black hair in a long Mohawk, he had hiked over the volcano’s cinder cones barefoot. “Like snakes you are. Vile snakes,” he yelled. “We gave all of our aloha to you guys, and you slithered past us like snakes. ” “For what? For your greed to look into the sky? You guys can’t take care of this place. ” No ground was broken that day or since. To astronomers, the Thirty Meter Telescope would be a   tool to spy on planets around other stars or to peer into the cores of ancient galaxies, with an eye sharper and more powerful than the Hubble Space Telescope, another landmark in humanity’s quest to understand its origins. But to its opponents, the telescope would be yet another eyesore despoiling an ancient sacred landscape, a gigantic   colossus joining the 13 telescopes already on Mauna Kea. Later this month, proponents and opponents of the giant telescope will face off in a hotel room in the nearby city of Hilo for the start of hearings that will lead to a decision on whether the telescope can be legally erected on the mountain. Over the years, some have portrayed this fight as a struggle between superstition and science. Others view the telescope as another symbol of how Hawaiians have been unfairly treated since Congress annexed the islands  —   illegally in the eyes of many  —   in 1898. And still others believe it will bring technology and economic development to an impoverished island. “This is a very simple case about land use,” Kealoha Pisciotta, a former telescope operator on Mauna Kea who has been one of the leaders of a group fighting telescope development on the mountain for the last decade. “It’s not science versus religion. We’re not the church. You’re not Galileo. ” Hanging in the balance is perhaps the best stargazing site on Earth. “Mauna Kea is the flagship of American and international astronomy,” said Doug Simons, the director of the    Telescope on Mauna Kea. “We are on the precipice of losing this cornerstone of U. S. prestige. ” The road to the stars once ended in California at Palomar Mountain, whose    telescope was long considered the size limit. The bigger a telescope mirror is, the more light it can capture and the fainter and farther it can see  —   out in space, back in time. In the 1990s, however, astronomers learned how to build telescopes with thin mirrors that relied on   supports to keep them from sagging or warping. There was an explosion of telescope building that has culminated, for now, in plans for three giant   telescopes: the European Extremely Large Telescope and the Giant Magellan, both in Chile, and the Thirty Meter Telescope. Not only would they have a Brobdingnagian appetite for light, but they are designed to incorporate a new technology called adaptive optics, which can take the twinkle out of starlight by adjusting telescope mirrors to compensate for atmospheric turbulence. Richard Ellis, a British astronomer now at the European Southern Observatory in Garching, Germany, recalled being optimistic in 1999 when he arrived at the California Institute of Technology to begin developing what became known as the Thirty Meter Telescope. “The stock market was booming,” he said. “Everything seemed possible. ” Canada, India and Japan eventually joined the project, now officially known as the TMT International Observatory. It has been helped along by  the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, formed by the founder of Intel, which has contributed advice and $180 million. The telescope, originally scheduled to be completed by 2024, is modeled on the revolutionary    Keck telescopes that Caltech and the University of California operate on Mauna Kea. Like them, it will have with a segmented mirror composed of small, hexagonal pieces of glass fitted together into an expanse wider than a tennis court. There are only a few places on Earth that are dark, dry and calm enough to be fit for a   telescope. Rising 33, 000 feet from the seafloor, Mauna Kea is one of the biggest mountains in the solar system. The dormant ancient volcano has been the center of Polynesian culture  —   the umbilical cord connecting Earth and sky  —   seemingly forever. The mountain is part of   “ceded lands” that originally belonged to the Hawaiian Kingdom and are now administered by the state for the benefit of Hawaiians. On its spare, merciless summit, craters and cinder cones of indefinable age keep company with a variety pack of architectural shapes housing telescopes. In 1968 the University of Hawaii took out a   lease on 11, 000 acres for a dollar a year. Some 500 acres of that are designated as a science preserve. It includes the ice age quarry from which stone tools were being cut a thousand years ago, and hundreds of shrines and burial grounds. The first telescope went up in 1970. Many rapidly followed. Places like Mauna Kea are “cradles of knowledge,” said Natalie Batalha, one of the leaders of NASA’s Kepler   mission. “I am filled with reverence and humility every time I get to be physically present at a mountaintop observatory. ” But some Hawaiians worried that knowledge was coming at too great a cost. “All those telescopes got put up with no thought beyond reviving the Hilo economy,” said Michael Bolte, an astronomer from the University of California, Santa Cruz, who serves on the TMT board. “Not a lot of thought was given to culture issues. ” Some native Hawaiians complained that their beloved mountain had grown “pimples,” and that the telescope development had interfered with cultural and religious practices that are protected by state law. Construction trash sometimes rolled down the mountain, said Nelson Ho, a photographer and Sierra Club leader who complained to the university. “They wouldn’t listen,” he said. “They just kept playing king of the mountain. ” An audit by the State of Hawaii in 1998 scolded the university for failing to protect the mountain and its natural and cultural resources. An environmental impact study performed by NASA in 2007 similarly concluded that 30 years of astronomy had caused “significant, substantial and adverse” harm to Mauna Kea. The tide began to shift in 2001 when NASA announced a plan to add six small telescopes called outriggers to the Keck complex. The outriggers would be used in concert with the big telescopes as interferometers to test ideas a for a future space mission dedicated to looking for planets around other stars. Ms. Pisciotta led a band of environmentalists and cultural practitioners who went to court to stop NASA. The group included the Hawaiian chapter of the Sierra Club and the Royal Order of Kamehameha, devoted to restoring the Kingdom of Hawaii. Ms. Pisciotta said she had once dreamed of being a cosmologist but lacked the requisite math skills and instead took a night job operating a radio telescope on Mauna Kea. She became disenchanted when a family shrine disappeared from the summit and the plans for the outriggers impinged on a cinder cone. “Cinder cones are burial sites. It’s time to not let this go on,” she said. The group prepared for court by reading popular books about trials. In 2007, Hawaii’s third district court found the management plan for the outriggers was flawed and revoked the building permit. “NASA packed up and left,” Ms. Pisciotta said. The prospective builders of the TMT knew they had their work cut out for them. In 2007, the Moore Foundation hired Peter Adler, a consultant and sociologist, to look into the consequences of putting the telescope in Hawaii. “Should TMT decide to pursue a Mauna Kea site,” his report warned, “it will inherit the anger, fear and great mistrust generated through previous telescope planning and siting failures and an accumulated disbelief that any additional projects, especially a physically imposing one like the TMT, can be done properly. ” The astronomers picked a telescope site that was less anthropologically sensitive, on a plateau below the summit with no monuments or other obvious structures on it. They agreed to pay $1 million a year, a fifth of which would go to the state’s Office of Hawaiian Affairs and the rest to stewardship of the mountain. Quietly, they also pledged another $2 million a year toward science and technology education and work force development on the island of Hawaii. The Moore Foundation also put some $2 million into the Imiloa Astronomy Center, a museum and planetarium run by the University of Hawaii. Dr. Bolte, a   U. C. S. C. professor with a soothing lilt to his voice, became one of the most visible promoters of the project in community meetings. He recalled going to a meeting in Hilo once where tensions were very high. Afterward, he said, he was afraid to go out to his car. Sure enough, a crowd rushed him when he got there. “What kind of astronomy do you do?” they asked eagerly. “The aloha spirit really exists,” Dr. Bolte said. “Exploring the universe is a wonderful thing humans do,” he added. Nevertheless, “there was a core we never won over. ” “In retrospect, we might have underestimated the strength of the sovereignty movement. ” In the years since the first telescopes went up on Mauna Kea, Hawaiian people and culture had experienced a resurgence of pride known as the Hawaiian Renaissance. In 1976, a band of Hawaiians sailed the outrigger canoe Hokulea from Hawaii to Tahiti. The feat showed how ancient Polynesians could have purposefully explored and colonized the Pacific, navigating the seas using only the sun, stars, ocean swells and wind. “And that was the first spark of shutting up everybody who said that we were inferior, that we were not intelligent,” Mr. Mangauil, the protester, said. In 1978, the state recognized Hawaiian, which once had been banned from schools, as an official language. With rising pride came  —   at least among some more vocal native Hawaiians  —   questions about whether the occupation and annexation of Hawaii by the United States in the 1890s was legal. Telescopes on a sacred mountain constitute a form of “colonial violence,” in the words of J. Kehaulani Kauanui, an anthropologist at Wesleyan University. Or as Robert Kirshner, a Harvard professor who is now also chief science officer at the Moore Foundation, put it, “The question in that case become not so much whether you did the environmental impact statement right, but whose island is it?” Having cut their teeth fighting the outrigger project, Ms. Pisciotta’s group, known informally as the Mauna Kea Hui, was prepared when the TMT Corporation formally selected the mountain for its site in 2009. Many Hawaiians welcomed the telescope project. At a permit hearing, Wallace Ishibashi Jr. whose family had an ancestral connection to Mauna Kea, compared the Thirty Meter’s mission to the search for aumakua, the ancestral origins of the universe. “Hawaiians,” he said, “have always been a creative and adaptive people. ” Ms. Pisciotta and her friends argued among other things that an   observatory, which would be the biggest structure on the whole island of Hawaii, did not fit in a conservation district. In a series of hearings in 2010 and 2011, the state land board approved a permit for the telescope but then stipulated that no construction could begin until a   contested case hearing, in which interested parties could present their arguments, was held. The state won that hearing, and a groundbreaking ceremony was scheduled for Oct. 7, 2014. The groundbreaking was never intended to be a public event, said Bob McClaren, associate director of the University of Hawaii’s Institute for Astronomy, which is responsible for scientific activities on the mountain. “I thought it was reasonable to restrict access to those who were invited,” he said. Mr. Mangauil, who makes his living teaching hula dancing and Hawaiian culture, said later that he had wanted only to make the astronomers feel uncomfortable to be on the mountain and to get protesters’ signs in view of the television cameras. In an interview, he said he had nothing against science or astronomy, but did not want it on his mountain. “Our connection to the mountain is like, that’s our elder, the mother of our resources,” he said. “We’re talking about the wau akua, the realm of where the gods live. ” There are no shrines on the very summit, he pointed out, which should be a lesson: Not even the most holy people are supposed to go there. Unable to get to the groundbreaking, the Hawaiians formed their own blockade. Tempers flared. “We were seeing the native Hawaiian movement flexing its muscles,” Dr. Bolte said. Seeing people hiking up the mountain past the    Mr. Mangauil stormed after them and wound up on the hood of a ranger truck, even more angry. Lanakila’s barefoot run set the tone for two years of unrest and demonstrations. Protesters calling themselves Guardians of the Mountain set up a permanent vigil across the road from the Mauna Kea visitor center, stopping telescope construction crews and equipment from going up. Dozens were arrested. Gov. David Ige has tried to appease both sides. While saying that “we have in many ways failed the mountain,” he said the Thirty Meter Telescope should go forward, but at least three other telescopes would have to come down. Astronomers and business leaders grew frustrated that the state was not doing enough to keep the road open for construction trucks and workers. “The result of the faulty law enforcement surrounding Mauna Kea is fostering tension, aggression, racism and business uncertainty,” business organizations and the Hawaii Chamber of Commerce wrote to the governor. “Ambiguity surrounding the rule of law has prompted a poor economic climate. ” Stopping trucks on the steep slope was dangerous, said Dr. Bolte, adding that “people were basically trapped at the summit. ” Dr. Simons, the    director, grew increasingly worried about the effect of the protests on the astronomers, who became reluctant to be identified as observatory staffers. “It really tugged at us to see the staff going from being proud to scared in a matter of weeks,” he said. Meanwhile Ms. Pisciotta‘s coalition was plugging through the courts. On Dec. 2, the Hawaiian Supreme Court revoked the telescope building permit, ruling that the state had violated due process by handing out the permit before the contested case hearing. “Quite simply, the Board put the cart before the horse when it issued the permit,” the court wrote. By   Clarence Ching, another member of the opposition, stood in a crowd with other Hawaiians and watched trucks carrying equipment retreat from the mountain. “David had beaten Goliath,” he said. “We were even happy and sad at the same time  —   sad, for instance, that somebody had to lose  —   as we had fought hard and long. ” The court’s decision set the stage for a new round of hearings, now scheduled to start in  . The case, presided over by Riki May Amano, a retired judge appointed by the Land Board, is likely to last longer than the first round, which consumed seven days of hearings over a few weeks, partly because there are more parties this time around. Among them is the   Hawaiian group called Perpetuating Unique Educational Opportunities or PUEO, who contend the benefits of the TMT to the community have been undersold. Whoever wins this fall’s contested case hearing, the decision is sure to be quickly appealed to the Hawaiian Supreme Court. In an interview, Edward Stone, a Caltech professor and vice president of the Thirty Meter Telescope International Observatory, the group that will build the telescope, set April 2018 as the deadline for beginning construction. Depending on how it goes in Hawaii or elsewhere, the telescope could be ready sometime in the last half of the next decade. “We need to start building this thing somewhere,” he said. “We still hope Hawaii will work,” he added. “What we need is a timely permit, and we need access to the mountain once we have a permit. ” But there is no guarantee that even if the astronomers succeed in court they will prevail on the mountain. In an email exchange, J. Douglas Ing, lawyer for the TMT Observatory, said they were “cautiously optimistic” that local agencies would uphold the law, but the astronomers have also been investigating alternative sites in Mexico, Chile, India, China and the Canary Islands. “It’s wise of the TMT to be exploring other sites,” said Richard Wurdeman, the lawyer for the Mauna Kea Hui. I asked Ms. Pisciotta what would happen if the giant telescope finally wins. “It would be really hard for Hawaiian people to swallow that,” she said. “It’s always been our way to lift our prayers up to heaven and hope they hear us. ” Dr. Bolte said he had learned to not make predictions about Hawaii. In a recent email, he recalled photographing a bunch of   Hawaiian owls. “These are called pueo, and they are said to be the physical form of ancestor spirits,” Dr. Bolte recounted. Referring to the Hawaiian term for a wise elder, he said, “I had one kupuna tell me it was a great sign for TMT that so many pueo sought me out that trip, and another tell me it was a sign that we should leave the island immediately before a calamity falls on TMT. ”",0
6580,Suicide Hotlines Get Record Number Of Calls After Trump Win: “Phones Have Been Ringing Off The Hook”,"Comments (4) Read by 130 people 
Things have gotten steadily worse for Democrats after Donald Trump’s election to the Presidency of the United States. Scores of celebrities are freaking out across social media, Hillary supporters are holding “Cry Ins” to help each other cope, visits to Canada’s immigration website have skyrocketed , and coping videos are starting to make the rounds online. 
While many shocked Clinton supporters have found solidarity with thousands of others by protesting and rioting in the streets, some, like movie star Robert DeNiro, have fallen into a depressive state . 
And according to The Hill , those overwhelming feelings of depression have led to suicidal thoughts in many. So much so that suicide hotlines across the country are struggling to keep up: 
Phones have been ringing off the hook at suicide hotlines since Donald Trump was named president-elect Tuesday. 
According to multiple reports, many of those calling or texting into hotlines are members of the LGBTQ community, minorities and victims of sexual assault who are worried about Trump’s victory. The Suicide Prevention Lifeline told “ The Washington Post” it is seeing calls “unmatched in the hotline’s history,” with a response unlike that in 2008 or 2012. 
… 
Election stress is nothing new. Psychologists have noted upticks in anxiety and stress during and following contentious election cycles. This specific election, many have observed, is no exception and is exceeding average numbers in those seeking mental care and counseling. 
If you are someone you know can’t handle the stress, please share this video.   Mac Slavo Views: Read by 130   12th, 2016 Website: www.SHTFplan.com 
  Copyright SHTFplan and Mac Slavo. This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.shtfplan.com. Please contact us for permission to reproduce this content in other media formats.",0
6581,He Took A Camera To The Woods To Capture The ‘Soul Of The Forest’. This Is What He Saw…,"By Amanda Froelich These photographs of shy woodland creatures are absolutely breathtaking. Whereas many people feel comfortable fulfilling their vocation in the city where life is always in motion,... ",0
6582,Video – This Can’t Be Good: Russia and NATO Holding Emergency Military Drills Just Miles Apart,"Sheeple News Shot: Joe Joseph discusses drills that are kicking off in the Balkans by NATO and Russia. These drills are happening at the same time and in the same region.

Watch on YouTube 
Source: Russia, NATO to Hold Parallel Drills in the Balkans Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. ",0
6583,New York City Schools Dump Kellogg’s Cereals for Healthier Breakfast Alternative - Breitbart,"The New York City public school system has stopped serving a Kellogg’s brand cereal to students, replacing it with a healthier, organic brand of cereal made by a small California company. [Last year the Kellogg Company discontinued several flavors of its Kashi brand cereal, a product advertised as a healthier cereal choice. But instead of simply picking some of Kellogg’s other brands to replace Kashi, school officials decided to hold taste testing for other, newer brands. Ultimately the district chose the Back to the Roots brand, The New York Times reported.  The new brand features lower levels of sugar and salt, as well as fewer calories than any of the Kellogg’s cereals, the paper reports. The small company’s offering is also free of preservatives and does not artificially add vitamins. In addition, its cereals are certified as organic. “Breakfast is really important to us, and we’re trying to get our menu to where we want it to be,” said Eric Goldstein, the chief executive of the Office of School Support Services, told the paper. “In the world we live in, though, there are so many constraints, so being able to offer Back to the Roots cereals for us is like a breath of fresh air. ” Up to 254, 000 children a day eats breakfast at New York City schools, according to district officials. The move to replace several of the Kellogg’s brands with the healthier choice comes on the heels of pressure from Congress, the state and some parents for schools to make better choices for school food programs. New York school officials also said that during the taste testing, kids chose the Back to the Roots brand over others. The district is still offering brands by the big cereal companies  —   General Mills, Post Foods, and even Kellogg’s, among them  —   but school administrators feel the new brands are offering a healthier choice. The big change in New York only adds to the woes of the Kellogg company, whose stock has been falling along with its market share. Only a month ago the company announced it was slashing its sales force, laying off over 1, 000 workers, and shuttering 39 distribution centers. The February announcement came on top of major cuts already announced this year. Early in January Kellogg Co. announced it was firing 250 workers. The multiple rounds of cutbacks occurred after Kellogg’s decided to cut its advertising with Breitbart News at the end of 2016, thereby snubbing Breitbart’s 45 million readers. In November, Kellogg’s noted that Breitbart News’s conservative readers are not “aligned with our values as a company. ” While the decision by Kellogg’s to cease advertising made virtually no revenue impact on Breitbart. com, it did represent an escalation in the war by leftist companies like Target and Allstate against conservative customers whose values propelled Donald Trump into the White House. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
6584,Japanese Leader Offers Condolences in Visit to Pearl Harbor - The New York Times,"PEARL HARBOR, Hawaii  —     years after Imperial Japanese warplanes destroyed the Pacific fleet here and drew the United States into World War II, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan on Tuesday stood next to President Obama at the site of the attack and offered repentance but did not apologize. “I offer my sincere and everlasting condolences to the souls of those who lost their lives here, as well as to the spirits of all the brave men and women whose lives were taken by a war that commenced in this very place, and also to the souls of the countless innocent people who became victims of the war,” Mr. Abe said. He added, “We must never repeat the horrors of war again. ” For his part, Mr. Obama described in detail what occurred on the day of the attack, highlighted acts of heroism by American service members and said that the visit of Mr. Abe “reminds us of what is possible between nations and between peoples. ’’ Mr. Obama added, in what seemed a warning after the scorching American presidential campaign: “Even when hatred burns hottest and the tug of tribalism is at the most primal, we must resist the urge to turn in. We must resist the urge to demonize those who are different. The sacrifice made here, the angst of war, reminds us to seek the divine spark that is common to all humanity. ” The president and prime minister made their remarks at the end of a long pier that overlooks Pearl Harbor and the memorial to the attack  —   a small building on top of the carcass of the battleship Arizona in Pearl Harbor, where 2, 400 American sailors, Marines and others were killed in the surprise military strike on Dec. 7, 1941. Mr. Abe and Mr. Obama laid wreaths made of white peace lilies at the memorial, and then dropped purple Hawaiian orchids into the water. The war that began here ended with the United States dropping atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in August 1945. But out of the ashes of war, the two countries forged one of the most enduring partnerships of the past century, demonstrating that bitter enemies can make peace and become allies. Mr. Abe thanked the United States for helping to rebuild Japan after the attacks. “Under the leadership of the United States, Japan, as a member of the free world, was able to enjoy peace and prosperity,” Mr. Abe said. “The good will and assistance you extended to us Japanese, the enemy you had fought so fiercely, together with the tremendous spirit of tolerance, were etched deeply into the hearts and minds of our grandfathers and mothers. ” The ceremony was another chapter in the reconciliation between the countries and mirrored a similar event in May, when Mr. Obama visited the peace memorial in Hiroshima. In a speech there, Mr. Obama did not apologize for the dropping of the bombs but vowed to continue to work toward ridding the world of nuclear weapons  —   a message greeted warmly in Japan, the only country to suffer such an attack. “  years ago, on a bright cloudless morning, death fell from the sky and the world was changed,” Mr. Obama said at the time. “Technological progress without an equivalent progress in human institutions can doom us,” Mr. Obama said, adding that such technology “requires a moral revolution as well. ” The Japanese have long had difficulty making sense of their country’s decisions during World War II. Some have rationalized the attack on Pearl Harbor as a necessary response to an   embargo that was destroying Japan’s economy. In the 1950s, three Japanese prime ministers —   including Mr. Abe’s grandfather Nobusuke Kishi  —   visited Honolulu, although there is no record that they participated in a memorial ceremony at Pearl Harbor. In the decades that followed, senior Japanese leaders largely avoided the site. When Emperor Akihito planned to visit the memorial in 1994, nationalist protests in Japan led to his canceling the visit. But six months after Mr. Obama visited Hiroshima, Mr. Abe told the president in a meeting at an economic forum in Peru that he wanted to visit Pearl Harbor. In a statement earlier this month, the White House said that “the meeting will be an opportunity for the two leaders to review our joint efforts over the past four years to strengthen the U. S.  alliance, including our close cooperation on a number of security, economic, and global challenges. ” The Japanese, who are increasingly alarmed about the rise of China, have largely embraced the visit, as many see it as a way to strengthen ties with the United States. In Japan, NHK, the public broadcaster, played the speeches live, but otherwise, early media coverage of the speeches was muted. There have been suggestions in the Japanese news media that Mr. Abe’s approval ratings will rise in the days after the ceremony, strengthening his hand as he decides whether to call an election in January. Mr. Abe has made closer ties with the United States a central part of his foreign policy, at least under Mr. Obama.   Donald J. Trump has struck a far more hawkish tone toward Japan. During Mr. Obama’s visit to Hiroshima, Mr. Trump, at that time the presumptive Republican nominee, said on Twitter: “Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he’s in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. ” Mr. Trump has also criticized the Japanese for being too reliant on the United States for their country’s defense and for not paying enough for that protection. And Mr. Trump suggested that Japan would be better off if it had nuclear weapons. Mr. Abe met with Mr. Trump in November at Trump Tower, in a meeting that Mr. Abe’s aides said left him feeling optimistic about the prospects of Japan’s relationship with the United States. But the Japanese remain deeply unnerved about Mr. Trump as they view his statements and the suggestion that Japan should acquire its own nuclear arsenal as undermining its strategic alliance with the United States and antithetical to the country’s pacifist Constitution. Before Mr. Obama and Mr. Abe visited Pearl Harbor, they had a formal meeting at Marines Corps Camp H. M. Smith, where they discussed a wide range of issues, including trade. The day’s events interrupted Mr. Obama’s vacation. Since becoming president, he has spent every Christmas in his native Hawaii. He arrived here 10 days ago and has spent his time golfing and seeing friends. On Christmas Day, he and his wife, Michelle Obama, visited troops stationed here. He is expected to be in Hawaii through the New Year. The day marked what is likely Mr. Obama’s last meeting with a foreign leader as president, as there are just 24 days left before Mr. Trump is to be sworn in.",0
6585,Michael Flynn Resigns as National Security Adviser - The New York Times,"Michael T. Flynn, the national security adviser, resigned on Monday night after it was revealed that he had misled Vice President Mike Pence and other top White House officials about his conversations with the Russian ambassador to the United States. Mr. Flynn, who served in the job for less than a month, said he had given “incomplete information” regarding a telephone call he had with the ambassador in late December about American sanctions against Russia, weeks before President Trump’s inauguration. Mr. Flynn previously had denied that he had any substantive conversations with Ambassador Sergey I. Kislyak, and Mr. Pence repeated that claim in television interviews as recently as this month. But on Monday, a former administration official said the Justice Department warned the White House last month that Mr. Flynn had not been fully forthright about his conversations with the ambassador. As a result, the Justice Department feared that Mr. Flynn could be vulnerable to blackmail by Moscow. In his resignation letter, which the White House emailed to reporters, Mr. Flynn said he had held numerous calls with foreign officials during the transition. “Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the vice   and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador,” he wrote. “I have sincerely apologized to the president and the vice president, and they have accepted my apology. ” “I am tendering my resignation, honored to have served our nation and the American people in such a distinguished way,” Mr. Flynn wrote. The White House said in the statement that it was replacing Mr. Flynn with retired Lt. Gen. Joseph K. Kellogg Jr. of the Army, a Vietnam War veteran, as acting national security adviser. Mr. Flynn was an early and ardent supporter of Mr. Trump’s candidacy, and in his resignation he sought to praise the president. “In just three weeks,” Mr. Flynn said, the new president “has reoriented American foreign policy in fundamental ways to restore America’s leadership position in the world. ” But in doing so, he inadvertently illustrated the brevity of his tumultuous run at the National Security Council, and the chaos that has gripped the White House in the first weeks of the Trump administration  —   and created a sense of uncertainty around the world. Earlier Monday, Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, told reporters that “the president is evaluating the situation” about Mr. Flynn’s future. By Monday evening, Mr. Flynn’s fortunes were rapidly shifting  —   his resignation came roughly seven hours after Kellyanne Conway, a counselor to the president, said on MSNBC that Mr. Trump had “full confidence” in the retired general. And when he did step down, it happened so quickly that his resignation does not appear to have been communicated to National Security Council staff members, two of whom said they learned about it from news reports. Officials said Mr. Pence had told others in the White House that he believed Mr. Flynn lied to him by saying he had not discussed the topic of sanctions on a call with the Russian ambassador in late December. Even the mere discussion of policy  —   and the apparent attempt to assuage the concerns of an American adversary before Mr. Trump took office  —   represented a remarkable breach of protocol. The F. B. I. had been examining Mr. Flynn’s phone calls as he came under growing questions about his interactions with Russian officials and his management of the National Security Council. The blackmail risk envisioned by the Justice Department would have stemmed directly from Mr. Flynn’s attempt to cover his tracks with his bosses. The Russians knew what had been said on the call thus, if they wanted Mr. Flynn to do something, they could have threatened to expose the lie if he refused. The Justice Department’s warning to the White House was first reported on Monday night by The Washington Post. In addition, the Army has been investigating whether Mr. Flynn received money from the Russian government during a trip he took to Moscow in 2015, according to two defense officials. Such a payment might violate the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution, which prohibits former military officers from receiving money from a foreign government without consent from Congress. The defense officials said there was no record that Mr. Flynn, a retired   Army general, filed the required paperwork for the trip. Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said in a statement late Monday that Mr. Flynn’s resignation would not close the question of his contact with Russian officials. “General Flynn’s decision to step down as national security adviser was all but ordained the day he misled the country about his secret talks with the Russian ambassador,” said Mr. Schiff, noting that the matter is still under investigation by the House committee. Two other Democratic lawmakers  —   Representative John Conyers Jr. of Michigan and Representative Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland  —   called for an immediate briefing by the Justice Department and the F. B. I. over the “alarming new disclosures” that Mr. Flynn was a blackmail risk. “We need to know who else within the White House is a current and ongoing risk to our national security,” they said in a statement. Representative Devin Nunes, Republican of California and the chairman of the House intelligence committee, was supportive of Mr. Flynn until the end. “Washington, D. C. can be a rough town for honorable people, and Flynn  —   who has always been a soldier, not a politician  —   deserves America’s gratitude and respect,” Mr. Nunes said in a statement. The White House had examined a transcript of a wiretapped conversation that Mr. Flynn had with Mr. Kislyak in December, according to administration officials. Mr. Flynn originally told Mr. Pence and others that the call was limited to small talk and holiday pleasantries. But the conversation, according to officials who saw the transcript of the wiretap, also included a discussion about sanctions imposed on Russia after intelligence agencies determined that President Vladimir V. Putin’s government tried to interfere with the 2016 election on Mr. Trump’s behalf. Still, current and former administration officials familiar with the call said the transcript was ambiguous enough that Mr. Trump could have justified either firing or retaining Mr. Flynn. Mr. Trump, however, had become increasingly concerned about the continued fallout over Mr. Flynn’s behavior, according to people familiar with his thinking, and told aides that the media storm around Mr. Flynn would damage the president’s image on national security issues. Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s chief strategist, asked for Mr. Flynn’s resignation  —   a move that he has been pushing for since Friday, when it became clear that the national security adviser had misled Mr. Pence. Around 8:20 p. m. Monday, a sullen Mr. Flynn was seen in the Oval Office, just as preparations were being made for the   of newly confirmed Treasury Secretary Steven T. Mnuchin. Soon after, Mr. Flynn’s resignation letter started making the rounds. Administration officials said it was unlikely that Mr. Kellogg would be asked to stay on as Mr. Flynn’s permanent replacement. Mr. Flynn brought Mr. Kellogg into the Trump campaign, according to a former campaign adviser, and the two have remained close. K. T. McFarland, the deputy national security adviser who also was brought on by Mr. Flynn, is expected to leave that role, a senior official said. One person close to the administration, who was not authorized to discuss the personnel moves and spoke on the condition of anonymity, said that retired Vice Admiral Robert S. Harward is the leading candidate to replace Mr. Flynn, although Mr. Kellogg and David H. Petraeus are being discussed. It was not clear whether Mr. Petraeus is still expected to appear at the White House this week, as initially discussed by advisers to the president. Mr. Flynn’s concealment of the call’s content, combined with questions about his management of his agency and reports of a demoralized staff, put him in a precarious position less than a month into Mr. Trump’s presidency. Few members of Mr. Trump’s team were more skeptical of Mr. Flynn than the vice president, numerous administration officials said. Mr. Pence, who used the false information provided by Mr. Flynn to defend him in a series of television appearances, was incensed at Mr. Flynn’s lack of contrition for repeatedly embarrassing him by withholding the information, according to three administration officials familiar with the situation. Mr. Flynn and Mr. Pence spoke twice in the past few days about the matter, but administration officials said that rather than fully apologize and accept responsibility, the national security adviser blamed his faulty memory  —   which irked the typically    Mr. Pence. The slight was compounded by an episode late last year when Mr. Pence went on television to deny that Mr. Flynn’s son, who had posted conspiracy theories about Hillary Clinton on social media, had been given a security clearance by the transition team. The younger Mr. Flynn had, indeed, been given such a clearance, even though his father had told Mr. Pence’s team that he had not. Officials said classified information did not appear to have been discussed during the conversation between Mr. Flynn and the ambassador, which would have been a crime. The call was captured on a routine wiretap of diplomats’ calls, the officials said. But current Trump administration officials and former Obama administration officials said that Mr. Flynn did appear to be reassuring the ambassador that Mr. Trump would adopt a more accommodating tone on Russia once in office. Former and current administration officials said that Mr. Flynn urged Russia not to retaliate against any sanctions because an overreaction would make any future cooperation more complicated. He never explicitly promised sanctions relief, one former official said, but he appeared to leave the impression that it would be possible. During his 2015 trip to Moscow, Mr. Flynn was paid to attend the anniversary celebration of Russia Today, a television network controlled by the Kremlin. At the banquet, he sat next to Mr. Putin. Mr. Flynn had notified the Defense Intelligence Agency, which he once led, that he was taking the trip. He received a security briefing from agency officials before he left, which is customary for former top agency officials when they travel overseas. Still, some senior agency officials were surprised when footage of the banquet appeared on RT, and believed that Mr. Flynn should have been more forthcoming with the agency about the nature of his trip to Russia.",0
6586,Mayday on the Carolina Queen - The New York Times,"The seven fishermen aboard the Carolina Queen III, a   scalloping boat that set out from Norfolk, Va. had been at sea for four days when the skies darkened off the coast of the Rockaways. A powerful storm system that had already lashed the East Coast, bringing tornadoes, thunder, lightning, high winds and heavy rains, was barreling down on them. Homes had been flattened, vehicles had been tossed like Tinkertoys and trees had been ripped from their roots. At least seven people had died. The crew knew they were in for nasty weather, but they were scallopers. Weather comes with the job. As night fell on Feb. 24, the winds started to blow across New York City. At 8:45 p. m. a large section of a facade collapsed on Fordham Street in the Bronx. At 9:19, a   was blown over on the upper level of the George Washington Bridge. By midnight, there were reports of downed trees and power lines around the region. Off the coast, winds were gusting up to 69 miles an hour, according to data collected by the National Weather Service. The men on the Carolina Queen had a decision to make. One successful   scalloping trip can pull in a profit of $500, 000. Each fisherman can make $40, 000 on a good voyage. The crew was   fishing, about 30 miles off the coast, as the storm approached. The men decided to steer the vessel closer to shore  —   past a predetermined demarcation line that would stop the clock on their allotted   yearly limit at sea. The Carolina Queen had only 50 bags of scallops  —   60 pounds per bag  —   on ice in the hold. With the scallop season drawing to a close, this trip was the crew’s last chance for a major haul. When the skies cleared, they expected, they would get back to business. But shortly after 2 a. m. on Feb. 25, the vessel, battered by wind and waves, ran aground. Soon, one of its generators failed and the Carolina Queen issued a desperate mayday, setting in motion a harrowing rescue operation. In the next few hours, a Coast Guard boat capsized and Fire Department vessels were unable to reach the stranded scallop boat because of the weather. Ultimately, the Coast Guard decided to undertake a daring airlift operation by a crew dispatched from Atlantic City. “Nothing about this really was routine,” said Deputy Chief George Healy of the New York Fire Department. “This was a very treacherous operation. ” The airmen and women at Coast Guard Air Station Atlantic City keep a goldfish in their “survival shop,” where they gear up before missions. The swimmer, as they call it, is named Ashton, a reference to Ashton Kutcher in his role as a Coast Guard rescue swimmer in the widely mocked,   2006 movie “The Guardian”  —   and a wry acknowledgment that the Coast Guard is not always accorded the kind of respect reserved for other branches of the military. But the Coast Guard plays a vital role in protecting the nation’s maritime interests. Since it was absorbed into the Department of Homeland Security, combating terrorism has been added to the sprawling mission carried out by its 88, 000   reserve, civilian and auxiliary men and women serving around the world. Despite the expanded responsibilities, its budget has been buffeted in his 2015 State of the Coast Guard Address, Adm. Paul F. Zukunft, the Coast Guard commandant, said 40 percent of the acquisition budget had been slashed over the previous four years. “I’m concerned that aging platforms and crumbling infrastructure continue to hinder mission success,” Admiral Zukunft said. “Today we’re seeing significant increase in demand across all of our daily activities, and it limits our ability to respond to major contingencies. Indeed, we are facing a time like none other in our nearly 225 years of service. ” Air Coast Guard Station Atlantic City, at the William J. Hughes Federal Aviation Administration Technical Center at the Atlantic City International Airport, is the closest air station to New York City. It was formed in 1998 when Coast Guard Air Station Brooklyn and Group Air Station Cape May, New Jersey, were merged. The squadron comprises 10   Dolphin helicopters. Its crews are responsible for covering hundreds of miles of coastline in Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland and Virginia  —   as well as interior bays and rivers such as Chesapeake Bay, the Delaware and Hudson Rivers and Long Island Sound. Two helicopters are always ready to be airborne within 30 minutes. Lt. Mark Bruno, 31, was the aircraft commander on duty on Feb. 25 when the call came in that a fishing vessel off the coast of the Rockaways was in trouble. At 4:30 a. m. his team was dispatched to New York City. The Dolphin helicopter can fly faster than 160 m. p. h. but it would still take about 45 minutes to reach the Carolina Queen. The helicopter crew members  —   including Lt. j. g. Maggie Champlin, 32, the   Petty Officer Second Class Kensuke Caldwell, 34, the flight mechanic and Petty Officer Third Class Joe   27, the rescue swimmer  —   took off in darkness shortly before 5 a. m. knowing very little about what they might find. “We knew it was a fishing vessel, and fishing vessels are always tricky,” Lieutenant Bruno said. There are lines and riggings to contend with, and there often is very little room for error, especially when trying to pluck someone off the deck. And it can be more complicated when the vessel is no longer afloat. “Normally, when a boat is on the waves, it has a certain rhythm,” Lieutenant Bruno said. That is not the case when it has run aground. As the crew sped north, it was in communication with the Fire Department, which arrived on the scene shortly before 5 a. m. It was soon clear that this would not be a straightforward operation. The first distress signal to the outside world from the Carolina Queen was an emergency flare that lit up the sky shortly after 4:30 a. m. Aaron Bell, 25, a UPS worker who lives in an apartment near the water on Beach 56th Place in Queens, said it was so windy and foggy “you couldn’t even see the ocean” from the shore. But someone spotted the flare. Chief Healy said the first 911 call came in at 4:42 a. m. Emergency responders were on the scene at 4:47. Chief Healy has 25 years on the job. He has seen all sorts of disasters and is not one for overstatement. The ship was not more than 80 yards from shore. But once contact was made with those on board, it was clear that the ship and its crew were in dire trouble. “We directed the captain and crew to put on exposure suits,” Chief Healy said. “We had a fear that the boat was going to capsize. ” Waves were cresting as high as 14 feet and breaking on the ship. The scallopers were as stranded as they might have been in the open ocean. As the Fire Department was responding, a   Coast Guard rescue boat was also racing to the scene. Dispatched by Coast Guard Station Jones Beach, the boat capsized in the rough waters near East Rockaway Inlet before it reached the Carolina Queen. Its crew members had to save themselves, swimming to shore. The team aboard the helicopter learned of that accident as they made their way up the coast. “You get a little nervous hearing that,” Lieutenant Bruno said. “But it was good to know they were safe. ” That part of the incident is still under investigation the Coast Guard declined to answer questions about what might have gone wrong. The Fire Department had rescue boats to deploy, but the seas were so severe that the F. D. N. Y. decided to wait for air support. A Fire Department helicopter, only a short distance away at Floyd Bennett Field, was grounded because of the heavy fog. The crew of the Carolina Queen would have to wait. Scallop fishing may not conjure up the   of those catching crabs in the icy waters of the Bering Strait or the exploits of   tuna fisherman chronicled on shows like “The Deadliest Catch. ” But the most dangerous fishing grounds in America remain those off the Northeast Coast  —   more dangerous than the Bering Sea, according to data collected by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. From 2000 to 2009, the years covered by the agency’s data, 504 people died while fishing at sea and 124 of them were in the Northeast. The scallop industry had the   rate of fatalities: 425 deaths per 100, 000 workers. Among all workers in the United States over the same period, according to the C. D. C. there were four deaths per 100, 000 workers. The size of the crew and the time at sea contribute to the dangers. Drew Minkiewicz, a lawyer who represents the Fisheries Survival Fund, said that since 2010, the number of vessels permitted to fish for scallops has been limited, and with fewer unregistered ships at sea, there have been fewer accidents. The Atlantic sea scallop  —   Placopecten magellanicus  —   has been popular since the 1950s, when Norwegian immigrants first scoured the seas south of New Bedford, Mass. The supply could swing between scarcity and plenty, but in the 1980s huge algae blooms known as brown tides appeared several years in a row and threatened to destroy the scallops’ ecosystem on the East Coast. Even after those tides passed, the industry almost did itself in by overfishing. Only after regulations were passed in the 1990s and the industry banded together with the scientific community to improve fishing techniques did the fisheries rebound. Now, scalloping along the Atlantic Coast from Maine to North Carolina is among the most lucrative fishing in the world. In 2014, the catch was estimated to be worth more than $424 million. Most of the ships that fish these waters are registered with the National Marine Fisheries Service, including the Carolina Queen. The ship is owned by the Wells Scallop Company, a   family operation that stretches back four generations. Bill Wells, who runs the company, declined to talk about the incident. Through an industry spokesman, he said he wanted to thank both the Coast Guard and the New York City emergency responders and said that the incident had been classified as an accident, with no fault found on the part of the crew and no fines issued against his company. The industry operates under strict guidelines, many aimed at ensuring sustainability of the fisheries. To fish some areas with known scallop beds, a permit is needed, and the haul is capped.   fishing, on the other hand, is restricted only by the annual     limit. The clock is always ticking. “We get so few days to go out, we have to find every efficiency to maximize our days at sea,” said Joe Gilbert, who owns Empire Fisheries and, as captain of a boat called the Rigulus, is part of the   scalloping community. In preparation for the Carolina Queen’s voyage, the crew would have spent days getting ready, buying $3, 000 in groceries, loading more than 20, 000 pounds of ice and prepping the equipment on the   vessel. The vessel steamed north from the Chesapeake Bay, traveling 15 hours to reach the coast off New Jersey, where the crew would probably have started fishing. Then the work would begin. It is pretty standard for a crew to work eight hours on and take four hours off, but in reality it often is more like nine hours on and three off. If you are a good sleeper, you are lucky to get two hours’   before heading back on deck. The huge tows scouring the ocean bed for scallops dredge for about 50 minutes and are then hauled up, their catch dumped on deck before the tows are reset and plunged back into the water, a process that can be done in as little as 10 minutes. While the dredge did its work, the crew on duty on the Carolina Queen sorted through the muddy mix of rocks and sand and other flotsam on the ship’s deck, looking for the wavy round shells of the scallops. “The biggest danger is handling the gear on deck,” Mr. Gilbert said. “It is very heavy gear on a pitching deck, and you get a lot of injured feet, injured hands. ” Once the scallops are sorted, according to industry regulations, they must be shucked by hand. The crew spends hours opening the shells and slicing out the abductor muscle of the mollusks  —   the fat, tasty morsel that winds up on plates at a restaurants like Oceana in Midtown Manhattan, where a plate of sea scallops à la plancha costs as much as $33. A single boat can haul 4, 000 pounds in a day. By the time the Carolina Queen ran aground, it was carrying only around 3, 000 pounds. As the Coast Guard helicopter circled overhead, however, the scallops on ice below deck were not the most pressing concern. It was around 5:30 a. m. “It was definitely a dangerous situation they were in,” Lieutenant Bruno said. “They had lost their generator and were taking on water, and I think that is when they made the decision that they had to come off. ” But how? As the helicopter approached the Rockaways, the Coast Guard, in consultation with the Fire Department on shore, had come up with a plan. By then there were dozens of emergency workers on the beach. Petty Officer   the rescue swimmer, would be lowered into the surf to assess the situation, and if all went well, swim each stranded fisherman to shore. The fog was still thick as the helicopter made its first sweeping pass overhead. Circling around a second time, the fog had cleared enough to put Petty Officer   into the water. Petty Officer   had joined the Coast Guard knowing he wanted to become a rescue swimmer. He had made up his mind after spending a summer working as an ocean lifeguard in Kitty Hawk, N. C. He completed Aviation Survival Technician A School in December 2014 and is now, at 27, a fully qualified rescue swimmer. In the course of his training, he had been part of scores of rescue drills. But he had never drilled on a ship that had run aground. As soon as he splashed down in the churning surf, it was clear that putting the fishermen into the water would not work. “I swam in to shore, where the helicopter picked me up and then subsequently deployed me to the bow of the boat,” he said. “It was really rocking, bouncing back and forth. ” “The ship was listing 45 degrees to port,” he said. “The crew was all dressed in their survival suits when I landed on the bow of the boat. They were very cooperative. Several of them had small black garbage bags filled with personal effects that they asked if they could bring with them. They definitely seemed ready to leave. ” Even if the rescuers had managed to rig some wires from ship to shore, which the Fire Department was prepared to do, the scallopers would have had to leap 25 to 30 feet into the water and then contend with waves more than 12 feet high. “It had looked different from the air, but once I was on the ship it was clear that that plan would not work,” Petty Officer   said. The Coast Guard decided to lift each of the seven stranded men from the boat using a rescue basket  —   a delicate operation. “Water was already in the hull, and the ship was moving in a way separate from the way the ocean was moving,” recalled Petty Officer  . Lieutenant Bruno hovered the helicopter some 40 feet above the vessel as Petty Officer   loaded the scallopers, one by one, into the basket. And one by one, they were ferried to shore, where the Fire Department was waiting. As morning broke, the helicopter had been airborne for more than two hours, and there were still fishermen on the ship. Fuel was running dangerously low. Time was running out. The seventh man  —   the captain  —   wearing jeans and a sweatshirt, was the last to leave the ship. He asked about remaining with the vessel but agreed in the end that it was best to go. “His life being more valuable than a piece of equipment,” Petty Officer   noted. As the captain was loaded into the basket, Lieutenant Bruno looked at his fuel gauge. He had four minutes left. With the captain safely deposited on shore and the mission complete, Lieutenant Bruno flew to Floyd Bennett Field and set the helicopter down. All seven fishermen were safe and were transported to Jamaica Hospital Medical Center for observation. None was seriously injured. The ship, too, was salvaged. It is now being repaired at a shipyard in Massachusetts. Even the scallops on board were saved. They were sold to a dealer based in the Brooklyn Navy Yard. Petty Officer   reflecting on the rescue, said it was both the easiest and the hardest he had ever taken part in. “It was my first,” he said.",0
6587,"‘Child, I Trust You’: On Deadline With Bill Cunningham - The New York Times","On Fridays at 10 a. m. we heard his voice before we saw the flash of his bright blue jacket. Bill was hard of hearing and always spoke loudly, very loudly. We had to speak loudly to him, too, always talking directly into his right ear. If he was making his way down to us this meant he had completed hours of designing his On the Street and Evening Hours columns with John Kurdewan, his long time collaborator and close friend. He never deviated from his daily uniform: blue jacket, khaki pants and sensible black sneakers. He said once that Vanity Fair wanted to put him on their   list and asked for his fashion essential. “Duct tape is what I will tell them!” he said. (He sometimes   his jackets to prolong their use.) “Miss Joanna! Miss Val!” he would call out as he approached our desks. He was so focused on getting his pictures precisely organized on the layout, he usually forgot to eat breakfast. So one of us or another colleague would go out and get his regular order: a sugar doughnut (with the sugar scraped off) and a coffee with milk. The total was $2, not that he would let any of us pay for it. Cecilio, who works at the coffee cart across the street, always knew the      was for Bill, and would say, “Tell Billy I said hi. ” Over the course of the day  —   almost every Friday until Bill’s death on June 25  —   we worked with him on our projects. He and Joanna would go to a conference room so they could record his popular On the Street videos. Nothing was rehearsed or scripted. He would give a nod and then start. “Hello, this is Bill Cunningham. ” His Billisms were always left in, like his throat clearing as he said his introduction or his laughing at his own jokes. There might be tangents about how all the kids had a fashion revolution at Sheep Meadow in Central Park on Easter Sunday 1967, or about the giddy feeling he got when he saw Courrèges’ first collection. Bill never watched the completed videos. He just said, “Child, I trust you. ” (He would often call people “child,” and sometimes “Miss Muffett. ”) Maybe he didn’t want to suggest he was questioning the work. Maybe he didn’t like to hear the sound of his voice. The meeting with Val would be in her cubicle. Bill described her job as “doing the words,” the words being the names and scene setters in his Evening Hours column and the descriptive paragraphs in On the Street. He would dictate. She would take down everything he said. Together they would edit. This was a task taken on by many New York Times employees over the years, a lot of copy editors among them. It was not without its difficulties. There was always the tension of the looming 3:30 p. m. deadline. He had a tendency to make changes at the last minute. He wanted his columns to be just the way he wanted them to be. What mattered to him was the quality of the pages hitting doorsteps that Sunday. Bill embraced fashion’s eccentrics and didn’t care about celebrities. (He refused to say Kanye West’s name in the most recent Met Gala video, referring to him as “one man. ”) Though it was a photo of Greta Garbo that earned him his first   spread of pictures in 1978, the only reason he had photographed her was because he loved how her coat fell on her shoulder. He knew the back stories and family trees of the “unknown” guests he repeatedly photographed at society parties. And he loved babies and children. While every other photographer was shooting clothes on the runway, Bill turned his camera to the “kiddies” in the front row. “Are you kids interested in this?” was one of his favorite questions. He had a passion for museums. Many weeks, his Evening Hours column was a roundup of names, but on certain occasions, such as when the Frick Collection and the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum were involved, he would leave extra space for a narrative. Flowers received special attention, as well, and they often appeared in his photographs. In the office, when he saw arrangements wilting on someone’s desk, he would rush to get a cup and water them, muttering as he did it, “Oh, what a crime. ” Bill expressed his enthusiasm regularly and effusively. He complimented all of us who worked with him, and he was a generous, playful colleague. On days when the vending machines would malfunction, he would call everyone over and hit the numbers to hand out free sodas. He’d ham it up when friends from other departments came by and even consented to pose with us for selfies, against his better instincts. When Joanna wore red lipstick to work, Bill would ask her, “Oh child, do you have a date tonight?” After she told him she just liked to wear red lipstick for herself, he replied: “That’s right, child. Just remember they need you, you don’t need them!” He considered those who worked with him family. On Thanksgiving, he would invite many of us over to his modest apartment, which had a view of the parade. He would hand out chocolate turkeys and let people sit on his bed, a thin mattress on a wood strip over two box crates. This year, he gave everyone feathers that he used on his hats when he was a milliner. Bill marked every holiday with gifts. On Easter, he’d hand out toy bunnies. On the Fourth of July, it was scarves with a print of the United States flag on them. On Christmas, a box of truffles from Godiva or Myzel’s, a small chocolate shop on 55th Street from the ’60s, where Kamila Myzel, a Polish immigrant, still makes the chocolates by hand. When he received a Christmas card that lit up, he rushed downstairs to show us how it worked. This year, for Valentine’s Day, Bill left us paper hearts with a toy bird attached to each one. The birds were the same ones he had in his apartment. He was giving us a piece of himself.",0
6588,China Airport Security Robot Gives Electroshocks,"China Airport Security Robot Gives Electroshocks 11/02/2016 
ACTIVIST POST 
While debate surrounds the threat of autonomous “killer robots,” the mechanized replacement of humans continues across the workforce. 
The industrial robotics industry is logging record sales worldwide, and there appears to be no sign of a slowdown. As you can see in the graphic below, 2015 sales surged 12% over a previous record year to reach almost 1/4 million units. 
There are many factors driving this growth, which you can read about here; but one point worth noting is that the two leading countries are the US and China, with China leading the way. 
The nature of robotics is also changing, as new developments in artificial intelligence are giving robots an increasing range of potential uses. One key area, of course, is security. Robot security guards have already begun appearing at prisons , care facilities , and schools, in various locations around the world. 
One U.S. robot company, Gamma 2 Robotics, has designed several models for mass production. Their latest – RAMSEE – can be seen in the video below. A true mass roll-out of this fully autonomous security guard could significantly impact the 1.5 million humans that are currently employed in some form of security patrol. 
RAMSEE advertises the following capabilities: Is a physical presence that autonomously patrols without supervision Provides real-time data: intruders, motion, heat, fire, smoke, gases & more Is a human-machine interface that creates a powerful force multiplier 
Significantly, Gamma 2 Robotics has partnered with Hexagon Safety & Infrastructure: “the global leader in public safety and security solutions.” 
However, RAMSEE is missing one thing: weapons. For that, we have to travel to China, where they seem to have embraced police robots full throttle. 
In late 2015, I covered an announcement from China’s Xinhua news agency where they announced the development and deployment of 3 weaponized “anti-terrorism” robots that would be far more active than a mere patrol: 
“The toy-sized robots can coordinate with each other on the battlefield,” said the report, following their unveiling at the 2015 World Robot Conference in Beijing. 
The first model is known as a “reconnaissance” robot, which scouts for poisonous gases, dangerous chemicals and explosives before transmitting its findings back to base.If this initial investigation detects a simple bomb is the source of danger, the second robot model – a small explosive ordnance disposal (EOD) machine – would be sent in to diffuse it. 
But with other, more complicated threats, an attacker robot would start its mission, armed with “minor-caliber weapons, recoilless rifles and grenade launchers”. 
“With a sighting telescope, a trigger and a safe installed, the attacker can hit its target from a long distance,” Xinhua said. 
The local police force in Beijing was reported to be among the buyers for the three robots , which are priced at 1.5 million yuan (£156,000) for the set by manufacturers HIT Robot Group, who are based in the northern city of Harbin. 
“Apart from anti-terror operations, they can also be applied in fire fighting, public security, forestry and agriculture,” the company’s sales manager Chen Deqiang said, according to Xinhua. 
If we have learned anything about anti-terrorism efforts, authorities consider front-line deployment to be areas of public travel. We were given the TSA based on such notions, and have since witnessed its intrusive role in airports, and soon-to-be at other public transportation if authorities have their way. 
China has gone to the next level with a robot TSA of sorts called AnBot that is equipped with what is essentially a taser-like device that is being fittingly compared to a cattle-prod. 
Image Credit 
It was first introduced at a tech show earlier in the year, and was speculated to have been designed for protest suppression. For now, its first job is to patrol China’s Shenzhen airport. 
Most alarming, however, is that it is tied to one of the most powerful supercomputers on the planet. 
The back end of this “intelligent security robot” is l inked to China’s Tianhe-2 supercomputer , where it has access to cloud services . AnBot conducts patrols, recognizes threats and has multiple cameras that use facial recognition. 
These cloud services give the robots petascale processing power , well beyond onboard processing capabilities in the robot. The supercomputer connection is there “to enhance the intelligent learning capabilities and human-machine interface of these devices,” said the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review, in a report released Tuesday that examines China’s autonomous systems development efforts . [emphasis added] 
( Source ) 
This link to “cloud services” is a new trend in robot artificial intelligence that also has been referred to as the Wikipedia for Robots – essentially an Internet Cloud Brain. Through robot-to-robot information sharing they can speed up their learning process … autonomously. Examples have included robots that can learn to cook, and robots that can learn the tasks involved in care-giving. However, when applied to policing, things become much more ethically troubling. 
People were outraged in the U.S., for example, when a robot in Dallas was used to deliver a pound of C-4 explosive to a U.S. citizen whom the police deemed a sufficient threat worthy of immediate execution. At least, in that case, a human made the decision. But it is being viewed as a tip-toe along the path to the widespread use of “killer robots” much as we have seen with the use of drones. Discussion was once limited to overseas – egregious enough – but there has been a growing voice of those who are urging weaponized domestic police drones. 
As John Vibes wrote , it might be inevitable: 
The Taser corporation is planning on building a drone that is equipped with a stun gun, according to a recent report by the Wall Street Journal. 
Not only will the drones be equipped with tasers, but there is also talk of them being autonomous, meaning that an actual human won’t necessarily be needed to fly the drone. 
This is actually already being done in India , the first country to have approved the use of drones attached with “non-lethal” weapons. And, just this week, British tabloid, The Sun , had a feature entitled “Vladimir Putin’s Russia is preparing an army of robots and drones to take on its enemies, Deputy PM Dmitry Rogozin admits.” Given the available facts, this title no longer seems so deliberately sensational. 
Clearly we are entering a potentially dangerous convergence of expanding robotic artificial intelligence along with the political will to continue allowing robots more and more autonomy as they carry out the traditional duties of the military and police. Some experts argue that the precision of robotics will curb many of the abuses we have seen from our military and police. But is that the trend we are actually seeing? Or will automated systems of violent control inevitably lead to even greater industrial-level suppression and killing? 
Nicholas West writes for ActivistPost.com . This article may be republished in part or in full with author attribution and source link .",0
6589,Western “Culture” is Wrecking Entire Continents,"Itinerant Philosopher and Journalist Y ou say “European cultural institutions”, and what should come immediately to mind are lavish concerts, avant-garde art exhibitions, high quality language courses and benevolent scholarships for talented cash-strapped local students. PHOTO : Mozart, Bach, Beethoven—some of the Giants that gave European civilization its right to claim supremacy over others. What would they think if they could understand the gravity of the cultural and social decomposition brought about by the embrace of essentially an immoral and downright criminal system of social organization? It is all so noble, so civilized! Or, is it really? Think twice! I wrote my short novel, “Aurora” , after studying the activities of various Western ‘cultural institutions’, in virtually all the continents of the Planet. I encountered their heads; I interacted with the ‘beneficiaries’ of various funding schemes, and I managed to get ‘behind the scenes’. What I discovered was shocking: these shiny ‘temples of culture’ in the middle of so many devastated and miserable cities worldwide (devastated by Western imperialism and by its closest allies – the shameless local elites), are actually extremely closely linked to Western intelligence organizations. They are directly involved in the neo-colonialist project, which is implemented virtually on all continents of the world, by North America, Europe and Japan. ‘Culture’ is used to re-educate and to indoctrinate mainly the children of the local elites. Funding and grants are put to work where threats and killing were applied before. How does it work? It is actually all quite simple: rebellious, socially-oriented and anti-imperialist local artists and thinkers are now shamelessly bought and corrupted. Their egos are played on with great skill. Trips abroad for ‘young and talented artists’ are arranged, funding dispersed, scholarships offered. Carrots are too tasty, most would say, ‘irresistible’. Seals of approval from the Empire are ready to stamp those blank pages of the lives of still young, unrecognized but angry and sharp young artists and intellectuals from those poor, colonized countries. It is so easy to betray! It is so easy to bend. Some, very few countries are almost incorruptible, like Cuba. But Cuba is a unique country. And it is intensively demonized by Western propaganda. “La Patria no se vende!” they say there, or in translation “One does not sell the Fatherland!” But one, unfortunately, does, almost everywhere else in the world: from Indonesia to Turkey, from Kenya to India. *** “ Aurora” opens in a small cafe in an ancient city in Indonesia (which is not called Indonesia). Hans, the German head of an unnamed cultural institute is talking to his local ‘disciples’. He loves his life here: all the respect he gets, those countless women he is sexually possessing and humiliating, the lavish lifestyle he is allowed to lead. A woman enters; a beautiful woman, a proud woman, an artist, a woman who was born here but who left, many years ago, for far away Venezuela. Her name is Aurora. Her husband is Orozco, a renowned revolutionary painter. Aurora’s sister was killed in this country, because she refused to give up her revolutionary art. She was kidnapped, tortured, raped, and then murdered. Hans, the head of a European cultural organization, was involved. Aurora confronts Hans, and in reality, the entire European culture of plunder and colonialism. And that night she is joined, she is supported, by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, or more precisely, by his merry ghost, who is thoroughly disgusted of being used as one of the symbols of the ‘culture’ which destroyed him personally, which destroyed the very essence of the arts, and which has been in fact destroying, for centuries, this entire Planet. *** When I recently shared the plot of “Aurora” with a local ‘independent’ filmmaker in Khartoum, Sudan, he first listened attentively, and then with horror, and in the end he made a hasty dash towards the door. He escaped, not even trying to hide his distress. Later I was told that he is fully funded by Western ‘cultural institutions’. After reading it, my African comrades, several leading anti-imperialist fighters, immediately endorsed the book, claiming that it addressed some of the essential problems their continent is facing. The cultural destruction the Empire is spreading is similar everywhere: in Africa, Asia and in Latin America. 
I wrote “Aurora” as a work of art, as fiction. But I also wrote it as a J’accuse 1 – a detailed study of cultural imperialism. 
My dream is that it would be read by millions of young thinkers and artists, on all continents, that it would help them to understand how the Empire operates, and how filthy and disgraceful betrayal is. 
1 J’accuse is French for “I accuse,” and is generally used to mean an attack against social injustice. It references a 1898 newspaper article by Emile Zola who accused the French government of fabricating a charge of treason against a Jewish military officer, Alfred Dreyfus, because he was Jewish. Andre Vltchek Philosopher, novelist, filmmaker and investigative journalist, Andre Vltchek has covered wars and conflicts in dozens of countries. Three of his latest books are revolutionary novel “Aurora” and two bestselling works of political non-fiction: “ Exposing Lies Of The Empire ” and “ Fighting Against Western Imperialism ” . View his other books here . Andre is making films for teleSUR and Al-Mayadeen. After having lived in Latin America, Africa and Oceania, Vltchek presently resides in East Asia and the Middle East, and continues to work around the world. He can be reached through his website and his Twitter .   PLEASE COMMENT AND DEBATE DIRECTLY ON OUR FACEBOOK GROUP INSTALLATION Note to Commenters Due to severe hacking attacks in the recent past that brought our site down for up to 11 days with considerable loss of circulation, we exercise extreme caution in the comments we publish, as the comment box has been one of the main arteries to inject malicious code. Because of that comments may not appear immediately, but rest assured that if you are a legitimate commenter your opinion will be published within 24 hours. If your comment fails to appear, and you wish to reach us directly, send us a mail at: editor@greanvillepost.com 
We apologize for this inconvenience.   [email-subscribers namefield=”YES” desc=”” group=”Public”] Nauseated by the Had enough of their lies, escapism, omissions and relentless manipulation?",0
6590,Chuck Todd to Perez: ’You Didn’t Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is’ in Montana House Race - Breitbart,"During an interview with DNC Chairman Tom Perez on Thursday’s edition of MSNBC’s “MTP Daily,” host Chuck Todd asked Perez why he didn’t take the Montana special election for the US House “seriously” sooner, and told Perez “you didn’t put your money where your mouth is. ”  Todd said, “[Y]ou caught a break here at the end.   …     But the question is whether the Democrats were there in time to take advantage. I know it’s late here. But you look at the spending advantage. The Republican Congressional Campaign Committee has outspent the Democrats 3 to 1. The Republican PACs, including one led by Speaker Ryan, has outspent the Democratic PACs in this race 16 to 1. Your own organization would not tell us how much money you’ve spent, but the RNC has spent almost a million dollars. The fact of the matter is, why didn’t you guys take this race seriously earlier? You did  —   you have lately, but you  —   the money, you didn’t put your money where your mouth is. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
6591,Top Wall Street Journal Editor Defends Trump Coverage - The New York Times,"Gerard Baker, the editor in chief of The Wall Street Journal, vigorously defended his newspaper’s coverage of President Trump on Monday, rejecting suggestions that The Journal had not been aggressive enough. Facing tough questioning at a    meeting with the staff, Mr. Baker denied that The Journal had been too soft in its coverage, according to several people who participated in the meeting. He suggested that other papers had discarded objectivity, and that anyone who wanted to work at an organization with a more oppositional stance toward the administration could find a job elsewhere, these people said. “It’s a little irritating when I read that we have been soft on Donald Trump,” he said, according to three of the people. During the meeting, which lasted more than an hour and a half, Mr. Baker addressed the unease among some in the newsroom who feared that the paper was holding them back from aggressively covering Mr. Trump  —   and that he might be playing a role in shaping more favorable coverage. Mr. Baker offered a different interpretation, according to two participants in the session: The administration wants to engage the news media in a battle, he said, and The Journal should not become part of it. “We can’t allow ourselves to be dragged into the political process, to be a protagonist in the political fight,” he said, according to one of the people. He said that Americans already distrusted the news media, and that if The Journal covered Mr. Trump in an overly confrontational way, that distrust might increase. He joked that any stories suggesting The Journal had been soft in its coverage of Mr. Trump were akin to “fake news. ” The meeting came after months of uncertainty and frustration in the newsroom. The Journal has begun a sweeping newsroom strategy review, called WSJ2020, that the management recently indicated would result in about $100 million in cost savings. Buyouts and layoffs have roiled the staff. A significant overhaul of the print newspaper resulted in the elimination of some sections, including Greater New York, and the consolidation of others. And though employees recently ratified a new union contract with Dow Jones, the publisher of The Journal, there is worry that there could soon be another tense standoff. Morale sank lower last week when Mr. Baker said that Rebecca Blumenstein, a deputy editor in chief who had been at The Journal for 22 years, was leaving for The New York Times, where she will become one of the paper’s   editors. The announcement surprised and saddened many in the newsroom, where Ms. Blumenstein had been viewed as a potential successor to Mr. Baker. At Monday’s meeting, Mr. Baker answered questions about The Journal’s strategy going forward and acknowledged that the paper had to address concerns about diversity and offer more opportunities for women in the newsroom. But the issue of covering Mr. Trump was front and center, after an episode two weeks ago when Mr. Baker sent a note instructing editors to avoid the phrase “seven majority Muslim countries” when writing about Mr. Trump’s executive order on immigration. “It’s very loaded,” Mr. Baker wrote at the time. “The reason they’ve been chosen is not because they’re majority Muslim but because they’re on the list of countries Obama identified as countries of concern. ” Mr. Baker later sent a note to employees clarifying that there was “no ban on the phrase ‘  country’” but that the publication should “always be careful that this term is not offered as the only description of the countries covered under the ban. ” The discontent among a faction of journalists over coverage of Mr. Trump stretches back months, according to current and former employees. There was unease in the newsroom after Mr. Baker wrote a column in The Spectator, a conservative British magazine, about Mr. Trump’s victory. During the meeting on Monday, Mr. Baker, in answer to a question about the column, admitted that he probably should have resisted the temptation to write it, according to some of the people who participated. The Journal’s coverage has also drawn criticism from outside. In late November, after Mr. Trump falsely claimed on Twitter that “millions of people” had voted illegally, the paper was derided online for printing a   headline that parroted Mr. Trump’s assertion without pointing out that it was inaccurate. In a statement at the time, a spokeswoman for The Journal said, “We evaluate all statements by   Trump for their news value and then subject them to the tough, thorough and impartial reporting we bring to all issues we report upon. ” Disturbed by the paper’s coverage, a number of journalists at The Journal began communicating by email about their concerns. The internal email chain, a portion of which was obtained by The Times, included general concerns about how articles on the new administration were being framed and objections to certain wording choices. Some on the email chain proposed writing a letter to top management or creating a “no euphemisms” style guide. “We need to be able to cover the new administration with the probing, aggressiveness and authority that our readers deserve and pay for,” one journalist wrote. It is an especially sensitive time for journalists, particularly in the mainstream news media, and journalists in many newsrooms are on edge. Relentless   has ravaged news organizations that have yet to find ways to offset steep declines in print advertising and circulation. Against this backdrop, Mr. Trump and his aides have vilified the news media, calling it the “opposition party” and singling out certain organizations as purveyors of “fake news. ” There are some bright spots at The Journal. In an earnings call last week, Robert Thomson, the chief executive of News Corporation, said The Journal, like other publications, had benefited from interest in the election, adding more than 110, 000 digital subscriptions in the quarter. The Journal now has more than one million digital subscribers, representing more than 50 percent of the publication’s total subscribers, he said. Still, total advertising revenue at Dow Jones, a subsidiary of News Corporation, declined about 20 percent in the last quarter. Mr. Baker said on Monday that about 200 people had taken buyouts or been laid off, but that there were no plans for further layoffs.",0
6592,Grandfather Apologizes After Dylann Roof’s Guilty Pleas Add to Sentence - The New York Times,"CHARLESTON, S. C.  —   As Dylann S. Roof made what was probably his final appearance in open court, his grandfather offered the earnest apology to the families of Mr. Roof’s nine   victims that the Charleston church killer has steadfastly declined to make on his own. “I just want to say loudly and repeatedly and constantly we’re sorry,” Joseph Roof, a Columbia, S. C. real estate lawyer, said on Monday in Charleston County Circuit Court. “We’re just as sorry as we can be that this has happened. We regret it. It has ruined lives, and I cannot put those back together. ” His grandson, a white supremacist who had just pleaded guilty to nine counts of murder for the June 17, 2015, massacre at Charleston’s Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church, looked ahead impassively, just as when sentenced to death in federal court in January. Under a plea arrangement, he received life terms for each of the murder charges, which will be appended consecutively to the 18 death sentences imposed by a judge and jury in his federal trial. Mr. Roof turned down an offer to address the court directly on Monday, leaving his grandfather as his only advocate. It was the first time a relative had spoken on his behalf in court. “Everyone should understand that nothing is all bad, and Dylann is not all bad,” Joseph Roof said, adding that he and his wife pray each day for the victims’ families. “There’s no way we could ever feel what they’ve felt and what they’ve lost, just as no one can understand what we’ve been through. ” The elder Mr. Roof, who occasionally attended the federal trial, said he still could not fathom what had driven his grandson to such violence in the expressed hope of inciting a race war. “I will go to my grave not understanding what happened,” he said. The   hearing Monday effectively ended the   prosecution of Mr. Roof, who turned 23 a week ago. He is expected to be transferred soon to a federal penitentiary to await execution while appealing the death sentences he received in United States District Court. A federal jury found Mr. Roof guilty in December on 33 counts of hate crimes resulting in death, obstruction of exercise of religion and use of a firearm to commit murder, then returned after the holidays to determine his punishment. Both state and federal prosecutors pursued the death penalty against Mr. Roof for different charges, but the federal government won the race to try him first. The Justice Department rejected Mr. Roof’s offer to plead guilty in exchange for a life sentence, citing the number of his victims and the heinous nature of his crimes. His sentencing in federal court  —   directly across Broad Street from the county judicial building  —   left Scarlett Wilson, the chief prosecutor for Charleston County, to decide whether redundant death sentences were necessary. She said she chose to spare the survivors and victims’ families the added trauma of sitting through a second presentation of gruesome crime scene photos and remorseless confessions. “We believe this is the surest way to see that Dylann Roof is executed,” she said on Monday. The testimony in Mr. Roof’s federal trial showed that he had plotted his attack for months, scouting the location during numerous visits from his home near Columbia. On the night of June 17, 2015, he walked through the church’s unlocked side door and joined 12 worshipers gathered for Bible study in the fellowship hall. The pastor, the Rev. Clementa C. Pinckney, who was also a state senator, invited the visitor to sit next to him. Mr. Roof said little until the church members closed their eyes in benediction. At that point, he removed a Glock . 45 caliber handgun from his fanny pack and began picking off his victims, one after the next, starting with Mr. Pinckney. Two women and a girl survived, and Mr. Roof’s guilty pleas on Monday included three counts of attempted murder. Several victims’ family members spoke briefly at the hearing, including Nadine Collier, the daughter of Ethel Lance, a victim. It was Ms. Collier who stunned the nation by leading a procession of family members who expressed forgiveness for Mr. Roof at his bond hearing, only two days after the shootings. She reinforced that message in addressing Mr. Roof on Monday. “I just want to say,” Ms. Collier said, “have mercy on your soul. ”",0
6593,Can Kenya lead the African Union?,"Tweet Widget by Horace G. Campbell 
From championing impunity for suspected masterminds of crimes against humanity, to frustrating African liberation and unity by working in cahoots with Empire; from publicly supporting Israel's desire to join the African Union, to being a conduit for illicit financial flows from Africa; Kenya is fundamentally unfit to lead the AU. A deeply entrenched kleptocracy has ruined Kenya and actively undermined African interests for over half a century. Can Kenya lead the African Union? by Horace G. Campbell 
This article previously appeared in Pambazuka News . 
“ At every step of the way since 1963, Kenya worked against African independence.” 
Introduction 
The African Union will choose a new Chair of the AU Commission in January 2017. There are six candidates for this position, viz. Pelonomi Venson-Moitoi of Botswana, Farki Mahamat of Chad, Agapito Mba Mokuy of Equatorial Guinea, Amina Mohamed of Kenya, Abdoulaye Bathily of Senegal and Jakaya Kikwette of Tanzania. The post of Commission Chair became vacant after the expiration of the term of South Africa’s Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, who had been at the helm since 2012 and did not apply for a second term. 
At the last AU meeting held in July in Kigali, the election was suspended because, after seven rounds of voting, none of the top three contenders from Botswana, Equatorial Guinea and Uganda obtained the required two-thirds majority. Since the suspension of the process, Specioza Wandira Kazibwe of Uganda dropped out and three new candidates have appeared. Kenya has offered the Cabinet Secretary for Foreign Affairs to lead the African Union. The government of Kenya has embarked on a multimillion-dollar diplomatic offensive to persuade Africans that Kenya should lead the African Union. Should Kenya lead the African Union? 
Let’s begin this analysis by going back 53 years ago. At the dawn of independence in 1963, the political leaders in Kenya under Jomo Kenyatta and Oginga Odinga had agreed that, after independence, all British troops would leave Kenya. A few weeks after independence in December 1963, the so-called “Shifta rebellion” began and the political leaders of Kenya requested Britain to maintain their armed personnel in Kenya to assist in crushing the “rebellion.” The British troops have remained in Kenya since then. 
Was Britain instrumental in fomenting this “Somali question” within Kenya? This and related questions have become pertinent as the records of the British are open and we know of the findings of the Northern Frontier District (NFD) Commission along with the debates within Britain over the future of Somalia. Fifty-three years later, Somali descendants who live in Kenya are still being used as political football as Kenya has vowed to close the largest refugee camp in the world, the Dadaab, that hosts mostly Somali refugees following the collapse of their state in 1991. 
Kenya is fighting the so-called war on terror in Somalia and there are credible reports that this has been a very lucrative business venture for sections of the financial and sugar barons in Kenya. 
“Kenya had been used as a base to foil genuine support for decolonization, and since the so called ‘War on Terror’ Kenya has been serving as an ally of the US.” 
It is this section of the barons that leads Kenya that has now put forward the name of Foreign Affairs Cabinet Secretary Amina Mohamed to be the next head of the AU Commission. It is in this context of the lobbying by the Kenyan government that this author wants to put forward a number of reasons why Kenya cannot lead the African Union. 
The political leadership of Kenya since President Jomo Kenyatta, Daniel Arap Moi, Mwai Kibaki and now Uhuru Kenyatta has been servants of imperial intrigue and skullduggery to undermine African independence and Unity. Kenya had been used as a base to foil genuine support for decolonization, and since the so called ‘War on Terror’ Kenya has been serving as an ally of the US providing the political support for the US Africa Command and activities of the West in the Indian Ocean region. 
For a short while when the questions of the killings with impunity suggested the possibility of international justice, the present Kenyan leadership of Uhuru Kenyatta and William Ruto (both indicted for crimes against humanity) embarked on an overheated campaign to represent themselves as African nationalists opposed to imperial machinations of the International Criminal Court. Kenyan diplomats, with Amina Mohamed in the vanguard, led a diplomatic offensive against the ICC and since the charges have been dropped against President Kenyatta and Ruto, the leadership has been going on overdrive to harness international support for the accumulation of prowess of the barons in Kenya. 
These political forces hosted President Barack Obama for a global “entrepreneurship” conference in August, 2015, followed by Pope Francis’s visit in November. Kenya hosted the 10 th Ministerial Meeting of the World Trade Organization in December 2015 and in 2016 hosted the meeting of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD). These latter meetings set back the agenda of Africans who had been struggling within the WTO for the rich countries to accede to the DOHA development round. While scuttling the African agenda in the WTO and without notice withdrawing its “peacekeeping” forces from South Sudan, the Kenyan leadership is asking Africans to support Amina Mohammed for the top position as AU Commissioner. 
In light of the aggressive diplomatic forces of the Moroccan leadership to reverse the position of the African Union on the independence of Western Sahara, it will be important for progressive forces within the Economic, Social and Cultural Council (ECOSOCC) to raise their voices about the present diplomatic campaign of not only Kenya, but also the other countries, Botswana, Chad, Equatorial Guinea, and Senegal who have fielded candidates for the position of AU Commissioner. Below we detail the number of reasons for opposing the leadership of Kenya at this historical moment. 
Illicit financial flows from Eastern Africa 
The number one reason why Kenya cannot lead the African Union is that Kenya has been a base for illicit financial flows out of Eastern Africa. Most of the fraudsters that steal from their societies have a base in the real estate and financial sectors of Kenyan society. Two years ago the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) estimated that economies of Africa lost approximately US$1Trillion and about US $50 billion per year from illicit financial flows. The Report of the High Level Panel on Illicit Financial Flows from Africa drew attention to the varying forms of fraud that had been employed to export capital from Africa, noting that, 
“Some of the effects of illicit financial outflows are the draining of foreign exchange reserves, reduced tax collection, cancelling out of investment inflows and a worsening of poverty. Such outflows which also undermine the rule of law, stifle trade and worsen macroeconomic conditions are facilitated by some 60 international tax havens and secrecy jurisdictions that enable the creating and operating of millions of disguised corporations, shell companies, anonymous trust accounts, and fake charitable foundations. Other techniques used include money laundering and transfer pricing.” 
This High Level Report went on to highlight the role of Kenya in illicit financial flows out of Africa: “Kenya is believed to have lost as much as $1.51 billion between 2002 and 2011 to trade misinvoicing. The role of IFFs and their adverse effect on the country’s GDP cannot be ignored. A recent study shows that Kenya’s tax loss from trade misinvoicing by multinational corporations and other parties could be as high as 8.3 per cent of government revenue, hampering economic growth and resulting in billions in lost tax revenue.” 
It does not take rocket science to grasp the fact that all of the malfeasance of disguised corporations, shell companies, anonymous trust accounts, fake charitable foundations, money laundering and transfer pricing are present in Kenya. From the period of 1960 and the gold scandals from Eastern Congo, Nairobi has been the base for money laundering in Eastern Africa. Illicit funds from the Eastern DRC, Rwanda, Burundi, Tanzania, Uganda, Southern Sudan and Somalia all pass through the money laundering facilities of Kenya. Other illicit money grabbers from as far afield as Nigeria use the recourses and networks of the Kenya financial barons; the real estate boom in Kenya in the past fifteen years is directly linked to these fraudulent funds being laundered in Kenya. 
“From the period of 1960 and the gold scandals from Eastern Congo, Nairobi has been the base for money laundering in Eastern Africa.” 
Most recently, there was a report on the nexus of corruption and conflict in the Sudan, which brought out revealing figures on the extent of the real estate holdings in Nairobi and of the top officials of the South Sudanese state. Entitled War Crimes Shouldn't Pay [2] , the report found that ""top officials ultimately responsible for mass atrocities in South Sudan have at the same time managed to accumulate fortunes, despite modest government salaries"". 
Kenyan bureaucrats and financiers have been implicated in the top four ways of draining valuable resources out of South Sudan: (a) extractive services, (b) the military state (c) state spending and (d) money laundering. 
Questions on the complicity of Kenya in the debacle of the struggles between differing factions in South Sudan increased after Kenya decided to pull its troops out of South Sudan after the Secretary General of the United Nations sacked the Kenyan commander of the UN “peacekeeping” forces in South Sudan. 
When the High Level Panel outlined the extent of illicit financial flows out of Africa, they had given clear recommendations as to how to stop these forms of drainage out of Africa. The Panel called for member states of the African Union to inter alia: (a) Determine the nature and patterns of illicit financial outflows from Africa; (b) Raise awareness among African governments, citizens and international development partners of the scale and effect of such financial outflows on development; and (c) Propose policies and mobilize support for practices that would reverse such illicit financial outflows. 
It is the expectation of millions of the working poor in Africa that their representatives at the African Union would be at the forefront of calling for the return of stolen assets to African societies. One would have expected that because Kenya has been so prominent in the business of money laundering, the loudest calls for ending these forms of capital accumulation would come from inside the society. However, as one component of the disorientation of activists, the NGO mentality predisposes many to seek solutions from “donor agencies” without understanding that these so called “donors” form an essential link in the chain of draining resources out of Africa. 
Instead of robust voices exposing the role of Kenya in money laundering, the Kenyan political leadership has invested millions of dollars to send Vice President William Ruto on a spirited tour proclaiming the candidature of Amina Mohammed. On these trips to other African countries, Ruto has been proclaiming the virtues of Kenya as a base for trade and investment. 
War on terror as a business in Kenya 
The second reason for objecting to the bid for Kenya to take over the position as AU Commissioner relates to the role of Kenya in Somalia and the fact that the so-called “Operation Linda Nchi” has for all intents and purposes been a business venture by the sugar and military barons of Kenya. The African Union had committed its reputation on the future of peace in supporting African Union Mission in Somalia (AMISOM). However, Kenya, Uganda and Ethiopia have played geo-political games with the lives of the people of Somalia and there is credible evidence that this Kenyan mission has been using the peacekeeping mission as a business venture. For years the United Nations Monitoring Group for Somalia has been reporting on the scale of the involvement of AMISOM troops in the sale of charcoal and sugar using the port of Kismayo under the control of AMISOM. 
When progressive forces in Eastern Africa did not take up the issue vigorously, a group named Journalists for Justice documented the reality that elements from the Kenyan army have been involved in a US$400 million sugar smuggling racket in Somalia and have also funded militants that they were supposed to be fighting. Far from fighting the Al Shabaab, the Kenyan Defense Forces (KDF) are “in garrison mode sitting in bases while senior commanders are engaged in corrupt business practices.” This report [3] on Kenya’s Criminal Racket in Somalia has produced enough evidence to corroborate the information that has been produced for nearly a decade about how war is a business in Somalia. 
Progressives have shirked from quoting from the reports of this organization in so far as the organizations also seek to use information on KDF involvement in racketeering in supporting the voices of those calling for the disbanding of the African Union. 
Layering and the barons of Kenya 
Apart from investigative journalists who have been documenting the war business in Somalia very few scholars have actually interrogated how the global war on terror feeds into the illicit global economy. It has been estimated by the World Economic Forum that the international illicit economy is valued at over US $3.8. trillion. This means that in terms of GDP, the illicit economy is among the top 10 economies in the world. It is in this global illicit economy where one finds the layering of barons with the financial barons at the top of the food chain. Next to the financial barons are the real estate barons, the land grabbers/barons, the sugar barons involved in smuggling and illegality, the drug barons – (see cases of cocaine smuggled as sugar), education and business of procurement, barons in hospitals and medicine – (see the Constant Gardner and Kenya as a place for fake drugs), military and security barons – war on terror as a business venture – ethnic and regional power brokers, political fixers and counterfeiting barons. 
“If we do not fight the cartels, we become their slaves.” 
These barons form the base for the Kenyan capitalist class and they have an agreement among themselves to divide the working peoples of Kenya on the basis of ethnicity, regionalism and religion. In the particular case of Kenya, there is public knowledge of the criminality of the cartels with the former Chief Justice Dr. Willy Mutunga raising questions of how these barons and cartels pose a threat to the wellbeing and security of the peoples of Kenya and East Africa. He had noted that, “The influence of the cartels is overwhelming. They are doing illegal business with politicians. If we do not fight the cartels, we become their slaves. But leaders who do take on the cartels must be prepared to be killed or exiled.” 
The statement of the Chief Justice provides the context for better understanding the spate of killings that have been labeled as “terror” attacks since the Kenyan Defense Forces invaded Somalia in 2011. A series of high profile incidents such as the Al-Shabaab siege of the Westgate shopping center in Nairobi that left 67 people dead, ensured that there was international support for counter-terrorism in Kenya. This was followed by the killing of approximately 68 people in Mpeketoni, Majembeni and Poromoko at the coast in June 2014; the killing of 28 people in a bus in Mandera in November 2014; the killing of 36 people in a Mandera quarry in December 2014; and the killing of 147 students on the campus of Garissa University College in April 2015. It is these kinds of killing with impunity that disqualify Kenya fundamentally since the aggressive stand on the ICC was not accompanied by an equally aggressive stand to pursue the perpetrators of the post-election killings in Kenya in 2008. 
Kenya undermining the African cause at the WTO 
One of the supposed strong points of Amina Mohamed was her leadership of Kenya at the 10 th Ministerial meeting of the World Trade Organization in December 2015. Prior to the WTO meeting in Seattle in 1999, Kenyan intellectuals had been at the forefront of challenging the intellectual property rights claims of the pharmaceuticals. After the debacle in Seattle, the Global South had organized collectively to ensure that the rules of international trade did not continue to deepen the impoverishment of the billions of poor farmers in the South. Since 2001, there had been negotiations with the former colonized peoples over the future rules in a round of negotiations that had been named after the city of Doha, Qatar. From the moment of those negotiations in November 2001 until December 2015 there had been nothing but duplicitous back and forth between the North and the peoples of the South. The designation of these negotiations as the Doha Development Agenda (DDA) never seriously considered addressing the obstacles placed in the global trading system to foster real trading cooperation, which supports socioeconomic transformation in the South. 
From the formation of the WTO the African members along with others from the Global South had taken a collective stand on the hypocrisy of the North in relation to trade and investment, intellectual property and agriculture. Since the WTO came into existence, the countries of the European Union and North America failed to live up to the expectations at the end of the Uruguay Round that they would liberalize their agriculture sector and significantly reduce their subsidies. In the particular case of farmers from Africa, there had been opposition to the subsidies granted to European farmers, while African farmers live in poverty. 
In the particular case of African cotton exporters – Benin, Burkina Faso, Chad and Mali – collectively known as the Cotton 4 or C-4 – they had successfully urged fellow WTO members to stand with Africa on questions of food security and the outstanding questions of subsidies. At the Nairobi 10 Ministerial Meeting, Amina Mohamed as Chairperson of the meeting jettisoned the claims of the Global South and hurriedly agreed to exclude the “African Issues” before the WTO. The newspapers of the financial barons in Kenya then proceeded to publicize the outcome pointing to a nebulous “Nairobi package” that postponed real discussions of the trade war against the South by the North. 
Somalia a political football: Question of oil and gas discoveries 
Attention had already been drawn to how the question of Somalia has been manipulated for the past fifty years by the Kenya barons. The manipulation of the poor refugees reached new heights as the Kenyan leadership has threatened to close the largest refugee camp in the world. 
The anti-Pan African position of the Kenyans reached new lows over the question of the demarcation of the land and sea boundaries. After Kenyans had agreed with the British to maintain the Northern Frontier District as part of Kenya in 1964, there were questions as to the real boundaries between Kenya and Somalia. These questions became more urgent after oil and gas companies began to explore the very large reserves of oil and gas from the Somalia coast through Kenya, Tanzania, down to Mozambique. Faced with differing maps from the colonial offices of Britain and Italy, the Kenyans and Somalians have been disputing a narrow triangle off in the Indian Ocean, about 100,000 square kilometers (62,000 square miles). Capitalists and speculators from Kenya, Somalia and their external supporters covet this area because it has a large deposit of oil and gas. Neither the political leaders of Kenya nor the possible leaders of Somalia offered a Pan-African vision of shared responsibility and cooperation to develop the resources in order to benefit the peoples of Africa. Instead, Kenya sought to use their legal, economic and regional muscle to start exploration and to begin discussions with foreign oil companies. 
Faced with the aggressive position of the Kenyan barons, the Somalis decided to take the matter to the International Court of Justice. Kenya objected to legal arbitration of an area that should not be disputed if Kenya supported the goals of a future united Africa. The position of Kenya thus far on border issues in Eastern Africa goes against the spirit of the African Union’s position with respect to Delimitation and Demarcation of Boundaries in Africa. 
Kenya ineligible to lead Africa at this point 
From the above reasons, this author wants to remind readers of the role of Kenya in becoming the champion of Israel and hosting the Israeli Prime Minister in July of 2016. The Kenyan President proudly claimed that Kenya would be an advocate for Israel before the African Union. This leadership under Uhuru Kenyatta, William Ruto and Amina Mohammed has thus agreed to undermine the Pan African position of supporting the self-determination of the Palestinian peoples. 
One can raise similar questions with respect to the real commitment of Kenya to continue to respect the rights of the peoples of Western Sahara. For the past two years the government of Morocco has been on an intense campaign to rejoin the African Union. In principle, progressive Africans welcome the return of Morocco to the African Union, but it must be spelt out clearly to Morocco that their return will be without conditions. That is, the political leadership of Morocco cannot demand that Africa drop recognition of the Polisario leadership. The summit of the African Union in January 2017 will be a testing ground to see how many societies of Africa will stand firm against Morocco and their supporters in France. 
If not Amin Mohammed, then who? 
Of the current six candidates to lead the African Union, the one candidate with a clear track record of commitment to the goals of Pan Africanism is Abdoulaye Bathily of Senegal. As a progressive historian, Bathily made his mark among a generation of intellectuals. Unfortunately, however, this position of the AU Commission Chair is being pushed by the government of Senegal with both France and Morocco dictating the foreign policy choices of Senegal. Without this subservience to France and Morocco by the Senegalese leadership, Bathily would be the obvious choice. 
The candidacies of Chad, Botswana and Equatorial Guinea already foundered at the meeting of the African Union in Kigali. Like Senegal, the government of Chad fronts for western interests and Chad was one of the few countries to send troops to fight with NATO to destroy Libya. Africa needs to take an independent position on the question of the manipulation of the so-called war on terror and on this matter, Chad ranks with those who need to account for their relationship with Boko Haram. 
Jakaya Kikwete has been a colorless leader of Tanzania for ten years. His friendship with leaders of the George W. Bush party in the USA will raise questions; however, with the arrival of Donald Trump, that faction of the US militarists, the Bush faction is no longer in the driver’s seat. 
African intellectuals and activists cannot afford to be bystanders at this moment. In this short essay, this author has pointed out how at every step of the way since 1963, Kenya worked against African independence. During the anti-apartheid struggles, Kenya supported UNITA and the MNR and for good measure, western security established the banking infrastructure for illicit dealing through Bank of Credit and Commerce International. There was the formation of the “Safari Club” C France, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Morocco and the conservative elements of the USA – to support the apartheid regime in South Africa and the conservative leaders of Qatar, and Saudi Arabia. 
“The one candidate with a clear track record of commitment to the goals of Pan Africanism is Abdoulaye Bathily of Senegal.” 
Since the global war on terror, Kenya has participated in the rendition programs of the US intelligence agencies and stepped up their business operations by working with the CIA to fund groups such as the Alliance for the Restoration of Peace and Counter-Terrorism (APRCT). ARPCT was a coalition of military entrepreneurs who understood war as a business and knew how to manipulate western intelligence agencies. 
According to a report in the Washington Post in 2006, “Despite its name, the ARPCT probably does little to combat terrorism and is more interested in maintaining the lawless status quo in which the warlords thrive. Experts say the moniker is an attempt to make the group appealing to Western governments, highlighting their battle against the spread of an Islamic militia.” 
Ten years after this exposure, organizations such as the Bell Pottinger group continue to wage information warfare against Kenyans and Africans on the so-called terrorist threats in Eastern Africa. If Kenya had spent every cent that it has been spending on Operation Linda Nchi on building schools, roads, hospitals and water supply systems in Somalia, then the issues before Africa and the African Union would be very different from the divisive questions of illicit trade in sugar, charcoal and the question of boundary demarcation. 
That eastern Africa continues to be strategically important to western security interests can be gleaned from the patience that the British exhibited in ensuring that Kenya maintained a military agreement with Britain for Britain to base troops in Kenya. In this case, Britain is acting as a front for US military interest. Kenya is important strategically to the U.S. Access to Kenyan air and a seaport facilitates imperial capabilities to project air and naval power in the Indian Ocean. 
The political leadership of China has bought into the idea that the Kenyan leadership is anti-imperialist because the leaders were taken to The Hague and the ICC. This kind of analysis by Chinese strategists exposes their limited understandings of class struggles in Eastern Africa and the history of Kenya selling out Africans. From time to time newspapers and journalists revisit the scandals after scandals [4] with respect to primitive accumulation in Kenya. 
Conclusion 
What needs to be understood is that Kenya’s Goldenberg or Anglo Leasing scandals and others are components of a model of capital accumulation in the illicit global economy. This illicit global economy is a legitimate component of the financialization forms of capital that diminishes real production and commerce. 
When the AU was formed, the Economic, Social and Cultural Council (ECOSOCC) had been mandated to bring to the fore the questions that affect Africans in all six regions. It is in this context where there needs to be new focus of the AU. At the last meeting in Kigali, there were feeble efforts to raise revenues for the AU. None of the governments took seriously the illicit global economy and the recommendations of the High Level Panel on Illicit Financial Flows. The western “donors” dominate the discussions on how to stem financial flows and downplay the importance of the return of stolen assets. Kenya was quite willing to raise the question of reparative justice with respect to the crimes of Britain during the colonial wars, but that same Kenyan leadership refuses to support the reparative claims of the global African community. Horace G. Campbell is Professor of African American Studies and Political Science at Syracuse University and the newly appointed Kwame Nkrumah Chair at the Institute of African Studies, University of Ghana, Legon.",0
6594,"Roland Martin: Trump ’Hoodwinked, Bamboozled’ White Working-Class Voters - Breitbart","Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while discussing the current House Republican bill to repeal and replace Obamacare, News One Now host Roland Martin said President Donald Trump ” hoodwinked,” “bamboozled” and “led astray” white   voters.  Partial transcript as follows: STEPHANOPOULOS: He is working it hard because they know the cost of losing in the House. The president can’t lose  …     MARTIN: And he can work it as hard as he wants to, but as I’m watching the town halls. I’m thinking about Malcolm X, you’ve been had, you’ve been took, you’ve been hoodwinked, bamboozled, led astray, run amok. To watch these white,   voters upset and mad saying, I voted for you. And I’m going ‘we tried to tell you this is what the man said he was going to do.’ Now they’re faced with the backlash of, now they love the Affordable Care Act and now Republicans are in a box. The number has gone up 20 points this last year. STEPHANOPOULOS: Even though the numbers don’t work, they want to believe the president on this. Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
6595,US faces host of global threats during transition until next president,"November 7, 2016 US faces host of global threats during transition until next president 
Sharks are circling as the US prepares to vote, on the lookout for signs of American weakness and indecision around the world during the months-long transition period until the next president is firmly established in the White House. Call it a window of vulnerability. 
No matter whether Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump wins on Tuesday, Barack Obama bequeaths a world fraught with danger. From Asia to the Middle East and eastern Europe, governments and forces hostile to US and the west may try to exploit America’s power vacuum. 
The problem is not new. Unlike in Britain, the US constitution does not allow a quick handover. Clinton or Trump will be sworn in at noon on 20 January 2017. Until then Obama remains in office, but as a “lame duck” president his wishes are increasingly irrelevant. 
Once installed, it can still take months for the new incumbent to establish his or her authority and complete thousands of appointments. The most important, such as national security adviser and the secretaries of defence and state, must be confirmed by Congress. This can be a contentious, lengthy process.",0
6596,"Ed Temple, Track Coach Who Produced Olympians and National Titles, Dies at 89 - The New York Times","Ed Temple, who coached Wilma Rudolph, Wyomia Tyus and 38 other Olympians in his 43 seasons as the most celebrated women’s track and field coach in the United States, died on Thursday. He was 89. A track team spokesman at Tennessee State University, where Temple coached, said Temple’s daughter, Edwina, had confirmed the death. No other details were given. From 1950 until he retired in 1993, Temple mentored a roster of athletes that few coaches in any sport could rival for speed, power and skill. The 40 Olympians he produced at Tennessee State, a predominantly black college in Nashville, won 13 gold medals, six silver medals and four bronze medals. In the 1960 Summer Games in Rome, the four women who won the   relay for the United States were Tennessee State runners coached by Temple. His teams, known as the Tigerbelles, won 34 national titles: 16 indoor, 13 outdoor and 5 junior. When he started in 1950, right after graduating from Tennessee State, women’s track and field was a minor sport in the United States, and especially at the university, where it faced unending budget constraints. In his first year, with a shoestring budget of $300 (the equivalent of about $3, 000 today) his team participated in just one meet. Years later, scheduled to compete in New York, the team piled into an old DeSoto station wagon and spent 22 hours on the road to get there, stopping only for gas and hamburgers. There was no money for a hotel, even if they could find one on the way that would serve blacks. Temple himself had little help at first. “I coached, I rubbed down, I was the counselor, I was the parent, I was everything,” he said, “but you had to be because there was no other person there. ” He had no athletic scholarships to offer in his first 18 years as coach. Even Rudolph  —   “the greatest woman athlete of all time,” Temple said  —   who won three gold medals in the 1960 Rome Olympics and did more to elevate women’s track in the United States than anyone before her, had to spend two hours a day doing clerical work and sweeping out the gymnasium. “The people who ran for me ran simply because they loved the sport,” Temple said. They also ran fast. Besides Rudolph’s three gold medals, Tyus took successive gold medals in the   dash in 1964 (in Tokyo) and 1968 (in Mexico City). Temple’s track and field stars also included Mae Faggs, Edith McGuire, Madeline Manning Mims, Willye B. White, Martha Watson and Chandra Cheeseborough, who succeeded Temple as the Tennessee State coach. In 1981, Temple wanted to bring six athletes to the Amateur Athletic Union national indoor championships at Madison Square Garden. Tennessee State could afford only four, but those four  —   Cheeseborough, Brenda Morehead, Kathy McMillan and Debbie Jones  —   won the title. Temple was the head women’s track coach for the United States Olympic teams in 1960 and 1964 and an assistant coach in 1980, when the United States boycotted the Moscow Games. He was the head women’s track coach for the United States teams in the 1959 and 1975   Games. He was elected to six halls of fame, including the National Track and Field Hall of Fame and the United States Olympic Hall of Fame. To Temple, track was more than a sport. “I would always tell the girls that first, you are young ladies,” he told The Tennessee Tribune in 1995. “Always carry yourself that way. Next, you are a track person. You are using your track in exchange for an education. You are doing this to walk across that stage and receive your degree. Athletics opens up doors for you, but education keeps them open. ” Of his 40 Olympians, 39 graduated with bachelor’s degrees, 28 earned master’s degrees and 8 earned medical degrees or doctorates. He was a father figure to many of them. “He understands other people’s problems, especially girls’ problems,” said Rudolph, who died at 54 in 1994. “He works with the total person, not just the athlete. He provides motivation and inspiration. ” Tyus said: “He seeks out good girls. He’s a good person, and he demands discipline. ” Edward Stanley Temple was born on Sept. 20, 1927, in Harrisburg, Pa. and raised there, the only child of Christopher and Ruth N. Temple. He was an   athlete in track, football and basketball at John Harris High School in Harrisburg. Tennessee State, then known as Tennessee State Agricultural and Industrial School, recruited Temple in 1946 on a track scholarship. When he arrived, he found that the track was not the usual   oval but 300 meters and   because the university had not finished filling in an adjacent dump. He became the women’s track coach soon after graduating in 1950. (The same year he married the former Charlie B. Law.) The coach at the time was leaving for another job, so the university suggested that Temple step in to fill the role. As part of the deal he would also run the campus post office while studying for a master’s degree in sociology in preparation for a faculty position. He did become an associate professor of sociology there while coaching. “When I was thinking about coaching,” he said, “I was really thinking about football or basketball, or maybe in a high school, coaching football, basketball and track. ” He added: “At that time, people weren’t too keen on women participating in sports. Everything was geared toward football and basketball at Tennessee State, but the Tigerbelles came along. They worked hard and it paid off. ” By 1976 the rubberized surface of the university’s track had become so worn and pocked with holes that it was dangerous for sprinters to use. Temple announced that the track program would have to end. But Nashville business leaders quickly raised more than $100, 000, and the State Board of Regents provided the rest of the $700, 000 that was needed. In 1978, Tennessee State dedicated the new Edward S. Temple Track. In 2015, a statue of Temple was installed near the outfield at First Tennessee Park, a sports stadium and home of the Nashville Sounds minor league baseball team. Besides his daughter Edwina, Temple and his wife had a son, Lloyd. Complete information on his survivors was not immediately available. In retirement, Temple played basketball every day, taught a sociology course and made speeches. But he never attended another Olympics. “I enjoy looking at it on television,” he said. “I don’t need all that commotion. I had it. I went through it. I enjoyed it. That’s it. I passed the baton to somebody else. ”",0
6597,BREAKING: Clinton’s intelligence briefings suspended indefinitely following latest in email scandal | Christian Times Newspaper,"0 SHARE 
Law enforcement and national intelligence officials have suspended Hillary Clinton’s weekly intelligence briefings after further information regarding the Democratic nominee’s use of private emails has surfaced. 
According to sources familiar with the briefing process, senior officials notified the Clinton campaign on Sunday afternoon that several federal agencies “no longer believed it was either appropriate or prudent for a candidate to receive classified intelligence briefings while under a significant and ongoing investigation.” 
“While the FBI and Department of Justice continue their independent investigations and while the law enforcement community continues to search for answers, it would be unwise to continue national security briefings amidst a very serious investigation concerning threats to national security.” 
It is customary for the major party nominees to receive weekly classified intelligence briefings from senior defense and intelligence officials in order for the eventual president to be fully knowledgeable on matters of national security. Both Clinton and Donald Trump have received these briefings since their respective party conventions in June. 
On Friday, the Director of the FBI, James Comey, notified Congress that the Bureau was effectively reopening its investigation into Clinton’s use of a private email server while Secretary of State. Comey wrote that new emails had surfaced that led investigators to warrant further examination. 
According to sources familiar with the investigation the newly-found emails were found on a device of Clinton’s personal aide Huma Abedin. Abedin is married to disgraced NY Congressman Anthony Wiener, and it is believed that the emails were discovered during an ongoing investigation into his sexting scandal. 
This latest revelation, including the suspension of weekly intelligence briefings, does not bode well for the former Secretary of State in the final days of a heated election. Donald Trump has seized on the news, and he is expected to continue to do so in the coming week.” 
",0
6598,Megyn Kelly Wears Off-Shoulder Yigal Azrouel Dress for Putin Interview,"Former Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly opted for a sultry dress design for her first NBC News interview this weekend, with Russian President Vladimir Putin. [In a blue velvet Yigal Azrouel dress costing roughly $990, Kelly showed off not only her shoulders, but also her legs as a large slit was cut up the side of the skirt.  Kelly paired the look with   black velvet platform heels, tousled hair, black toenail polish and a giant gold ring that sat on her right hand. Kelly posted a photo on Twitter of her visit to St. Petersburg for a state dinner with Putin. At state dinner party at Konstantin Palace in St. Petersburg with Russian President Putin and Indian PM Modi. More tonight @NBCNightlyNews pic. twitter.   —   Megyn Kelly (@megynkelly) June 1, 2017,  EXCLUSIVE: NBC News’ @megynkelly joins Vladimir Putin and Narendra Modi ahead of tomorrow’s International Economic Forum in Russia. pic. twitter.   —   NBC News (@NBCNews) June 1, 2017,  Days before, Kelly donned a trench coat look for an interview in St. Petersburg with a Russian state TV broadcaster. The look was paired with a black dress with a white collar and dark black tights. Things are looking up in St. Petersburg  —   the rain stopped  …     I will interview President Putin on Friday. pic. twitter.   —   Megyn Kelly (@megynkelly) June 1, 2017, ",0
6599,Unprincipled WaPo Editors Damned Comey Critics – Now Join Them,"From the first piece headlined James Comey is damaging our democracy : 
First, the FBI director, James B. Comey, put himself enthusiastically forward as the arbiter of not only whether to prosecute a criminal case — which is not the job of the FBI — but also best practices in the handling of email and other matters. Now, he has chosen personally to restrike the balance between transparency and fairness , departing from the department’s traditions. 
From the second piece by notorious mud-slinger Dana Milbank: 
I’ve long believed in Comey’s integrity. But if he doesn’t step forward and explain his October Surprise, he may inadvertently wind up interfering in the political process — perhaps even reversing the outcome of a presidential election — in a way that would have made J. Edgar Hoover gape. 
And the third strike : 
FBI Director James B. Comey’s stunning announcement that he has directed investigators to begin reviewing new evidence in the Clinton email investigation was yet another troubling violation of long-standing Justice Department rules or precedent, conduct that raises serious questions about his judgment and ability to serve as the nation’s chief investigative official . 
Back to the July 7 editorial: 
“It appears damage is being done to the rule of law,” Mr. Ryan said. He’s right, but the FBI director isn’t doing the damage. The wreckers are those who cast baseless aspersions on U.S. law enforcement in the service of their partisan goals . 
I for one believe that Comey was wrong in July and is right today. He should have pressed for charges against Clinton early on. Using a “secret” private email server for confidential state business is not legal and would have been out of bounds for anyone else. Now possible new evidence was found and must be investigated. It is not Comey’s job to ask if the timing of a renewed investigation is convenient for the potential culprit. He also had to inform Congress because he had reasonably promised to do so. (He also needed to save his ass before anyone else in his department talked to the media.) 
The so called “election” of a U.S. president is always a sorry show. But this season’s version has at least some amusing moments. Seeing the hypocrites at Fred Hyatt’s Funny Pages™ squirm is one of them. It makes me smirk.",0
6600,New Veterans Affordable Housing Complex Complete in Minneapolis Suburb,"Controversial Proposal for Nurses Could Expand Access to Care for Veterans ‹ › Yanira is the Operations Editor for the Veterans Today Network. She has been on the job since 2008. New Veterans Affordable Housing Complex Complete in Minneapolis Suburb By Yanira Farray on October 27, 2016 WNC provided approximately $1.97 million in LIHTC equity to fund construction of Linden Grove Veteran Apartments MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 27, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — WNC, a national investor in real estate and community development initiatives, announced today the completion of Linden Grove Veteran Apartments, a 37-unit affordable housing complex exclusively constructed for homeless veterans of the United States Armed Forces in the Minneapolis suburb of St. Cloud, Minnesota. WNC provided approximately $1.97 million in low-income housing tax credit (LIHTC) equity to fund the new development. As part of the St. Cloud VA Health Care System, and located adjacent to the St. Cloud VA Medical Center, Linden Grove Veteran Apartments is designated as permanent housing for low-income veterans who are homeless or at risk of homelessness. Completed in approximately 11 months, Linden Grove Veteran Apartments is a three-story building situated on six acres of land located at 4804 Veterans Drive. Community amenities include an activity/community room, computer lab, exercise facility, central laundry, picnic area, elevators, media room, library and a playground. “WNC is pleased to help deliver these permanent affordable housing units to veterans in need,” said WNC Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Michael Gaber. “This new community features a number of amenities for residents to enjoy. We couldn’t be happier to give back to those who have served our country, and thank our investment partners for their commitment to this important project.” Linden Grove Veteran Apartments was developed by St. Michael Development Group LLC, a subsidiary of The Sand Companies, Inc. Affordable Housing Initiatives LLC served as the managing general partner of the project and Jamie Thelen served as its developer. About WNC WNC, founded in 1971 and headquartered in Irvine, Calif., is a national investor in real estate and community development initiatives, as well as a leading investor in low-income housing tax credits (LIHTC). WNC has acquired more than $7.7 billion of assets totaling in excess of 1,300 properties in 45 states, Washington D.C., and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Since 2000, WNC has been awarded four New Markets Tax Credit (NMTC) allocations, totaling $178 million, and has facilitated development of 17 low-income community projects. WNC’s investor base exceeds 19,500 institutional and retail clients, including Fortune 500 companies, multinational banks, and insurance companies. Additional information is available at www.wncinc.com . Related Posts:",0
6601,Entire German 2016 Budget Surplus Earmarked For Migrants,"The German government will allocate the entire six billion euro 2016 budget surplus to migrants after the two coalition parties failed to agree on how to spend it. [Chancellor Angela Merkel’s Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party proposed using the €6. 2 billion surplus to pay off debts, while the Social Democrats (SPD) wanted to spend it on digital infrastructure projects. As a compromise the money has gone solely to migrant projects instead, Der Spiegel reports.  The present funds allocated toward migrant programmes is already €12 billion, which is thought to be more than enough to handle the needs of the over one million migrants in Germany. The budget surplus would take the money up to over 18 billion  —   far more than required. On Friday, the government is expected to release a supplementary budget decision that aims to put €3. 5 billion into rehabilitating schools in financially disadvantaged areas. The plan was intended to be decided in January but due to clashes between the CDU and the SPD, the proposal has been repeatedly delayed. Last year, the government also allocated the entire budget surplus to migrant issues.  The 2015 surplus was far larger at €13 billion, and Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble expressed concern at the time the money may lead to wasteful spending. Over the course of the year, reports have emerged that confirmed the fears of the finance minister. A migrant home in Bad Berleburg houses only 21 migrants but was meant to house 500. The contractors, rent, and other costs of the asylum home are costing taxpayers over €500, 000 per month. The expenditure at a migrant home in Bad Laasphe is even more wasteful, costing over €600, 000 per month and not housing a single migrant. Germany expects migrants to cost the taxpayer over  €90 billion by the end of 2020 and could grow even higher if migration numbers significantly increase. As a result of the enormous cost projection and the falling popularity of her party ahead of the 2017 federal elections, German Chancellor Angela Merkel has earmarked  €90 million for migrants who voluntarily leave Germany to return to their countries of origin. The chancellor hopes the incentive will encourage a large portion of the estimated 81, 000 failed asylum seekers still in Germany to leave.",0
6602,Obama Writes Feminist Essay in Glamour - The New York Times,"In his most extensive remarks about feminism, President Obama wrote an essay for Glamour magazine in which he reflected on American women’s long fight for equality and called on men to fight sexism and create equal relationships. In the   essay, which was published online Thursday and will appear in the September print magazine, the president argued that “when everybody is equal, we are all more free. ” He praised the progress of American women over the past century while pledging to work on securing equal pay and reproductive rights. The president also warned against “dated assumptions about gender roles. ” The president said that it was important to his daughters that he be a feminist, “because now that’s what they expect of all men. ” “We need to keep changing the attitude that raises our girls to be demure and our boys to be assertive, that criticizes our daughters for speaking out and our sons for shedding a tear,” he wrote. “We need to keep changing the attitude that punishes women for their sexuality and rewards men for theirs. “We need to keep changing the attitude that permits the routine harassment of women, whether they’re walking down the street or daring to go online. We need to keep changing the attitude that teaches men to feel threatened by the presence and success of women. ” Brenda Weber, the professor and the chairwoman of the gender studies department at Indiana University, said she was “delighted” by the essay, which she said showed a nuanced sense of women’s issues. It is unusual for a man to write such an essay, let alone a president, she said. To claim the identity of feminism and discuss why it is personally important to him and his daughters is a meaningful gesture coming from someone with the cultural authority of the president, she said. “Those are all pretty radical statements in terms of a politician at that level of influence,” she said. It is not the first time that the president has declared himself a feminist. In June, while speaking at a White House summit meeting on women, he declared: “This is what a feminist looks like. ” Cindi Leive, the editor of Glamour, said on “CBS This Morning” that she thought the essay went “beyond the kind of boilerplate ‘I believe in strong women’ that at this point anybody can mouth pretty effectively. ” “It did strike me as this very modern moment, something that we wouldn’t have heard probably from any other president, but honestly we would not have heard before this year,” she said. “I do think the embrace of the term feminism by men as well as women has really been on the rise. ”",0
6603,"Rand Paul Fires Back at John McCain: ’Past His Prime,’ ’A Little Bit Unhinged’ - Breitbart","Thursday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Sen. Rand Paul ( ) reacted to comments from his colleague Sen. John McCain ( ) a day earlier on the Senate floor accusing him of being an agent for Russian President Vladimir Putin.  Paul had objected to a unanimous consent motion for legislation to advance Montenegro’s bid to join NATO, to which McCain had attacked Paul. In his “Morning Joe” appearance, Paul ripped McCain as being “past his prime” and “unhinged,” and then went on to argue questions about NATO deserved more consideration. You know, I think he makes a really, really strong case for term limits. I think maybe he’s past his prime I think maybe he’s gotten a little bit unhinged.  I do think that when we talk about NATO, there can be a rational discussion about the pros and cons of expanding it. We currently have troops, combat troops, in about six nations. We have troops actively just stationed in probably a couple dozen others. We have a $20 trillion debt. And one of my favorite articles of the last couple years is one that talked about the angry McCains, and if they  —   if we put active troops and got involved in combat where McCain wants us to be, they put a little angry McCain on the globe, on the map. And it’s virtually everywhere. So his foreign policy is something that would greatly endanger the United States, greatly overextend us. And there has to be the thought whether or not it’s in our national interest to pledge to get involved with a war if Montenegro has an altercation with anyone. There’s also another argument, is that when you ask the people of Montenegro, only about 40 percent or slightly less are actually in favor of this. They are close to Russia, they’re close to being sort of, like Ukraine, in the transition from Europe to Asia. Perhaps it would be good to be like Switzerland and be more neutral and trade with both.  So, there’s a lot of considerations but to call someone somehow an enemy of the state or a traitor might be considered by most reasonable people to be a little over the top. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
6604,"Syrian War Report – November 16, 2016: Russia Launch Air Raids and Missile Strikes on Terrorists","Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. Name:",0
6605,George W. Bush’s Ethics Lawyer Files Complaint Against FBI Director James Comey,"Richard W. Painter wrote in a New York Times an op-ed: The F.B.I.’s job is to investigate, not to influence the outcome of an election. 
Such acts could also be prohibited under the Hatch Act, which bars the use of an official position to influence an election. That is why the F.B.I. presumably would keep those aspects of an investigation confidential until after the election. The usual penalty for a violation is termination of federal employment. 
And that is why, on Saturday, I filed a complaint against the F.B.I. with the Office of Special Counsel, which investigates Hatch Act violations, and with the Office of Government Ethics. I have spent much of my career working on government ethics and lawyers’ ethics, including two and a half years as the chief White House ethics lawyer for President George W. Bush, and I never thought that the F.B.I. could be dragged into a political circus surrounding one of its investigations. Until this week. 
This is the second complaint to be filed against FBI Director Comey. The Democratic Coalition Against Trump has also filed a complaint against Comey for interfering in a presidential election as a federal employee. 
Suspicion around Comey’s actions has grown as the FBI Director is not expected to make any additional statements on this matter before the presidential election. Director Comey appears to have set himself for problems after the election as Senate Democrats are making it known that they are open to holding hearings to investigate the FBI investigation if they win back the Senate majority. 
Unless Trump wins and Republicans take control of Congress, Director Comey is going to have to answer for his decisions. 
As the complaints pile up, it looks like Congressional testimony may be the least of James Comey’s future problems.",0
6606,6 Myths That Men Believe About Southeast Asia,"I’ve been living in South East Asia for almost a decade now, and over that time I’ve come to have a matured perspective on living here and a fair appreciation of the pros and cons of doing so. Like most people who come here, I set off thinking I was going to live in paradise. That’s far from the reality, let me tell you!
Living in South East Asia has its pros and cons, just like anywhere else. While I myself have decided to return west for a while, I’ll always have a connection to Asia and I’m sure I’ll be back many times throughout my life.
So what’s the REAL story with living in Asia? Is it all its cracked up to be? What does a man have to be aware of when coming here? Let’s look at six common stereotypical ideas about living in South East Asia, and assess them in the light of reality.
1. Asian Women Are Kind, Gentle, And Compliant To Their Husbands So sweet! Not so fast….
This is, most definitely, a myth, and if you come out here expecting to find some little house pet who does your bidding, you’ll be in for a rude awakening.
It’s definitely true that Asian women, in my experience, are a lot more traditional. They give the man his place in the house, rarely question your final decisions, and do not resent housework and basic wifely duties.
However, the idea that they’ll just do whatever you tell them without question is nonsense. They’re human beings with a will of their own and you wouldn’t be the first guy to get a smack in the head from a five-foot-two broad who weighs 90 pounds if you disrespect her.
The idea that Asian women are some sort of angelic alternative to Western women is also nonsense. While it’s not the norm, I’ve met several Western men who have been taken to the cleaners by their Asian wives and girlfriends. When you move here, you’re completely at her mercy and you will never have any legal rights as a citizen.
Asian women generally are a lot more traditional, but this stereotype that they’re some sort of perfect wife material has got to go. They’re individuals—and there are all kinds, good and bad, among them.
Read this guide to dating Asian women for a more complete perspective on the issue. It’s a thorny subject, and there’s a lot of misunderstanding surrounding it.
2. Asia Is Ridiculously Cheap 
This is one I’d have to lean slightly towards agreeing with.
Most things in Asia are a lot cheaper. Eating out for my entire family often costs less than $15, meaning I can afford to do it basically every day. My rent for a condo apartment costs less than $150 a month, although that’s mostly because I live in the sticks and am not in a major city.
A general rule of thumb is that outside of major cities like Bangkok, Singapore, and KL, you can divide the cost of living by three and get a rough estimate.
Note, this does not apply to consumer goods such as cars and electrical appliances, which are in and around the same price. It certainly does not apply to luxury goods, which are often much more expensive because of the taxes placed on them by local governments.
Asia is cheaper overall, but anything other than the basics costs roughly the same. Life in South East Asia CAN be cheaper, but it isn’t necessarily so—it depends on your lifestyle.
3. You Can Become A Citizen Of An Asian Country And Stay Forever Becoming a citizen in an Asian country is nigh on impossible. Even if you could, you probably wouldn’t want to.
You can get a variety of visas like permanent residency, and each country aims to facilitate the spouses of their nationals and, especially, retirees with proven cash in the bank. However, you’ll not become a CITIZEN with all of the various rights they enjoy.
It’s also worth noting: while you might get permanent residence, you’ll never be “one of them.” Even if you live here for 30 years, you will always be a foreigner and will be viewed as such by locals. This has pros and cons to it, but you’ll never quite feel at home and accepted as one of the group.
You’ll get undue respect from some for being a Westerner, but forget about talking politics or leveling criticisms at the way things are done—you’ll be met with hostility and resentment for the latter.
4. The Weather In Asia Is 24/7 Sunshine 
The weather in South East Asia is generally pretty awesome, and you can live an outdoors life you’ll truly enjoy if you’re that type.
The sun shines almost every day, and even when it’s overcast it’s warm, meaning you can go out and about and do anything from walk on the beach to shop in the city.
However, when the storms come, you’d better be prepared to get your ass inside. The rainfall and wind in many countries in South East Asia is truly terrifying. Just switch on any news station the next time a major storm hits the Philippines and you’ll see what it’s like.
Thankfully, after 1.5 years of living in the Philippines , I’ve never been caught directly in a major storm, although I’ve seen the tail end of plenty of them.
The weather is good when it’s good, and utterly awful when it’s bad. Check this clip out to see how bad it can get:

5. Asia Is 100 Years Behind The West In Terms Of Development 
This is a stereotype that’s deeply mistaken, and whether or not it’s true depends on which country you go to.
True, countries like Laos and Bangladesh are miles behind any Western nation, but head to Singapore and you’ll be shocked by how far ahead of us they are in terms of tech and development.
Asia is developing at breakneck pace, and with that development comes super highways, skytrains, skyscrapers and everything else we usually associate with an advanced country. It won’t be long before many countries out here catch up and surpass the West, although it is definitely true that most of them are slightly behind for now.
There’s a phenomenon called “leapfrogging” which virtually guarantees Asian countries will catch up to and surpass the West quickly. Leapfrogging is when they can skip all of the evolution and development and simply emulate modern day technology developed elsewhere—a great example is India, where they have skipped the transition from dial-up to mobie internet and gone straight from nothing to mobile.
If you think this can’t be done and there are intellectual property laws to protect tech from being stolen wholesale, I salute you, but I have to laugh. There are no such laws, and even if there were, nobody would bother to enforce them.
On the other hand, you still have many scenes like this outside your window when you get out of the main cities:

6. Asians Are Extremely Family Oriented Again, this is one I lean towards agreeing with. There are exceptions to every rule, but the family unit is extremely strong in Asia, especially countries like the Philippines.
I don’t want to wax lyrical or speculate as to why this is. It’s enough to acknowledge it as a fact and accept that it’s the case. 90% of the Asian people I have ever met and gotten to know from Indonesia to the Philippines to Thailand are devoted to their families to the extent that we’d consider it cult-like in most Western countries.
I pass no judgment on this whatsoever. It can be a great thing or a bad thing, depending on your own perspective. I personally like it and think it’s something we’ve lost in many European countries, and America, too.
This is an idea about Asia I agree with—the dedication to family above individuality is definitely true, and so by default if you get into a relationship with an Asian woman, be prepared for this.
The family unit is the sun around which everything orbits in most Asian countries.
Living In Asia Summary Sorry to disappoint you, fellas, but you won’t find paradise in South East Asia.
What you will find is a place with many opportunities, pitfalls, pros and cons, but which I do not regret living in for a single second and which has come to be a large part of my life’s story.
I came out for a year and stayed for almost a decade. However, I’ve decided that time is now over and it’s time to go home.
I’d love to hear about your experiences living or traveling in Asia. Do you find my perceptions to be accurate, or do you have a different view?
Read More: Why Western Men Prefer Foreign Women Over Their Own 

",0
6607,Gove left wife in hotel to go out partying with 11-year-old son,"Gove left wife in hotel to go out partying with 11-year-old son 31-10-16 MICHAEL Gove left his fully-grown wife alone in a hotel room while he went out partying with their 11-year-old son, it has been confirmed. Gove told his wife that and he and their son would be back when they were back, and not to wait up. A source said: “Michael and his son went out in the afternoon and had a whale of a time. They had ice creams and fizzy pop and they even managed to walk around the Natural History museum after every one else had gone.” “ They got photos of themselves with the dinosaurs and everything.” Gove and son returned to their hotel room at 11.30pm after a roller disco, all pooped out from their adventures and ready for bed. Gove’s wife Sarah Vine said: “As much as I’m annoyed that they didn’t tell me where they were going, I was happy to have them out of my hair for a few hours. Last time this happened Michael was sick from eating too many sweets.” Michael Gove then slept soundly, right through the night, only waking once after a nightmare about a tyrannosaurus rex with Boris Johnson’s head chasing him through the Houses of Parliament. 
Share:",0
6608,"Russia, Syria, Debbie Reynolds: Your Thursday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. The Obama administration struck back at Russia for its efforts to influence the 2016 election, listing a sweeping set of sanctions that could box in   Donald J. Trump. Mr. Trump, who has consistently cast doubt on a Russian role in the hacking, will now have to decide whether to lift the sanctions  —   effectively rejecting the findings of intelligence agencies. Mr. Trump responded to the Russian sanctions by reiterating his call to “move on. ” But he pledged to meet with intelligence officials. _____ 2. The Syrian government and Russia announced a   with rebel groups and with Turkey  —   a potential game changer in a civil war that has lasted six years. Many previous agreements have failed, but the dynamics have changed since   forces fully retook Aleppo. In Iraq, a long and difficult fight lies ahead for forces trying to liberate Mosul from the Islamic State. Our photojournalist documented what it’s like inside the fighting zone. _____ 3. “Israelis do not need to be lectured about the importance of peace by foreign leaders,” Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said, reacting to Secretary of State John Kerry’s harsh rebuke of Israel for settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem. Leaders from both sides of the settlement debate said Mr. Kerry had delivered a “eulogy” for a   solution. The address was criticized by U. S. lawmakers from both parties, and was essentially rejected by   Donald J. Trump even before it was delivered. _____ 4. Germany and its former colony, Namibia, are engaged in intense negotiations to put an end to one of Europe’s ugliest chapters in Africa’s past. Tens of thousands of Namibians were killed in what historians call the 20th century’s first genocide. Germany is finally close to recognizing it as such. Above, a memorial in Namibia. _____ 5. “We have 700 murders here. I don’t want my kids to be 701. ” Victor Bloomingberg, a father in Chicago, talks about the dangers children face while walking to school in the city. The number of people murdered there in 2016 has actually climbed above 750, a 58 percent increase over last year and more than in New York and Los Angeles combined. _____ 6. China’s “iPhone City” was built in large part on billions of dollars worth of perks, tax breaks and subsidies, our investigation reveals. The world’s biggest iPhone factory, which can make 500, 000 of the devices per day, illustrates how China not only provides a large pool of labor it also offers incentives that would be difficult to replicate in the United States. The iPhone still costs less in American stores than in Chinese ones. _____ 7. When a female sophomore at Stanford University accused a player on the school’s football team of rape, she turned to the school’s interdisciplinary board for help. But Stanford has an uncommonly high bar for sexual assault cases. Despite the majority of people on two panels ruling in favor of the accuser, the athlete was never punished. _____ 8. No one can know if actress Debbie Reynolds  —   who died on Wednesday, a day after the death of her daughter, Carrie Fisher  —   died of a broken heart. But death from a broken heart is a   occurrence. It’s called Takotsubo syndrome, when a sudden flood of stress hormones causes a temporary weakening of the heart muscle. We spoke with a photographer who captured an intimate photo of a young Ms. Fisher watching her mother perform. _____ 9. As the Year of the Rooster approaches in China, a    statue of one was installed in the northern Chinese city of Taiyuan. It bears a remarkable resemblance to Mr. Trump. The Seattle resident who designed the statue declined to comment on why he gave the bird   features, but he remarked on Twitter that the statue was “way more yuge than I expected. ” _____ 10. From the summit of a slumbering Hawaiian volcano, the   short for Panoramic Survey Telescope and Rapid Response System, has created the biggest digital map of the cosmos ever made. It lists the positions, colors and brightness of three billion stars, galaxies and other objects that amount to two petabytes of data, roughly equivalent to a billion selfies. _____ 11. Finally, meet a running marvel. Ed Whitlock, 85, of Milton, Ontario, has set dozens of   records, from the metric mile to the marathon. In October, he set his latest record at the Toronto Waterfront Marathon and became the oldest person to run 26. 2 miles in under four hours. “He’s about as close as you can get to minimal aging in a human individual,” said Dr. Michael Joyner, a researcher at the Mayo Clinic who has studied performance and aging. Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
6609,U.N. Admits Role in Cholera Epidemic in Haiti - The New York Times,"For the first time since a cholera epidemic believed to be imported by United Nations peacekeepers began killing thousands of Haitians nearly six years ago, the office of Secretary General Ban   has acknowledged that the United Nations played a role in the initial outbreak and that a “significant new set of U. N. actions” will be needed to respond to the crisis. The deputy spokesman for the secretary general, Farhan Haq, said in an email this week that “over the past year, the U. N. has become convinced that it needs to do much more regarding its own involvement in the initial outbreak and the suffering of those affected by cholera. ” He added that a “new response will be presented publicly within the next two months, once it has been fully elaborated, agreed with the Haitian authorities and discussed with member states. ” The statement comes on the heels of a confidential report sent to Mr. Ban by a longtime United Nations adviser on Aug. 8. Written by Philip Alston, a New York University law professor who serves as one of a few dozen experts, known as special rapporteurs, who advise the organization on human rights issues, the draft language stated plainly that the epidemic “would not have broken out but for the actions of the United Nations. ” The secretary general’s acknowledgment, by contrast, stopped short of saying that the United Nations specifically caused the epidemic. Nor does it indicate a change in the organization’s legal position that it is absolutely immune from legal actions, including a federal lawsuit brought in the United States on behalf of cholera victims seeking billions in damages stemming from the Haiti crisis. But it represents a significant shift after more than five years of   denial of any involvement or responsibility of the United Nations in the outbreak, which has killed at least 10, 000 people and sickened hundreds of thousands. Cholera victims suffer from dehydration caused by severe diarrhea or vomiting. Special rapporteurs’ reports are technically independent guidance, which the United Nations can accept or reject. United Nations officials have until the end of this week to respond to the report, which will then go through revisions, but the statement suggests a new receptivity to its criticism. In the   report, obtained from an official who had access to it, Mr. Alston took issue with the United Nations’ public handling of the outbreak, which was first documented in   2010, shortly after people living along the Meille River began dying from the disease. The first victims lived near a base housing 454 United Nations peacekeepers freshly arrived from Nepal, where a cholera outbreak was underway, and waste from the base often leaked into the river. Numerous scientists have since argued that the base was the only plausible source of the outbreak  —   whose real death toll, one study found, could be much higher than the official numbers state  —   but United Nations officials have consistently insisted that its origins remain up for debate. Mr. Alston wrote that the United Nations’ Haiti cholera policy “is morally unconscionable, legally indefensible and politically  . ” He added, “It is also entirely unnecessary. ” The organization’s continuing denial and refusal to make reparations to the victims, he argued, “upholds a double standard according to which the U. N. insists that member states respect human rights, while rejecting any such responsibility for itself. ” He said, “It provides highly combustible fuel for those who claim that U. N. peacekeeping operations trample on the rights of those being protected, and it undermines both the U. N.’s overall credibility and the integrity of the Office of the  . ” Mr. Alston went beyond criticizing the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to blame the entire United Nations system. “As the magnitude of the disaster became known, key international officials carefully avoided acknowledging that the outbreak had resulted from discharges from the camp,” he noted. His most severe criticism was reserved for the organization’s Office of Legal Affairs, whose advice, he wrote, “has been permitted to override all of the other considerations that militate so powerfully in favor of seeking a constructive and just solution. ” Its interpretations, he said, have “trumped the rule of law. ” Mr. Alston also argued in his report that, as The New York Times has reported, the United Nations’ cholera eradication program has failed. Infection rates have been rising every year in Haiti since 2014, as the organization struggles to raise the $2. 27 billion it says is needed to eradicate the disease from member states. No major water or sanitation projects have been completed in Haiti two pilot wastewater processing plants built there in the wake of the epidemic quickly closed because of a lack of donor funds. In a separate internal report released days ago after being withheld for nearly a year, United Nations auditors said a quarter of the sites run by the peacekeepers with the organization’s Stabilization Mission in Haiti, or Minustah, that they had visited were still discharging their waste into public canals as late as 2014, four years after the epidemic began. “Victims are living in fear because the disease is still out there,” Mario Joseph, a prominent Haitian human rights lawyer representing cholera victims, told demonstrators in    last month. He added, “If the Nepalese contingent returns to defecate in the water again, they will get the disease again, only worse. ” In 2011, when families of 5, 000 Haitian cholera victims petitioned the United Nations for redress, its Office of Legal Affairs simply declared their claims “not receivable. ” (Mr. Alston called that argument “wholly unconvincing in legal terms. ”) Those families and others then sued the United Nations, including Mr. Ban and the former Minustah chief Edmond Mulet, in federal court in New York. (In November, Mr. Ban promoted Mr. Mulet to be his chief of staff.) The United Nations refused to appear in court, claiming diplomatic immunity under its charter, leaving Justice Department lawyers to defend it instead. That case is now pending a decision from the Second Circuit Court of Appeals in New York. The redress demanded by families of the 10, 000 people killed and 800, 000 affected would reach $40 billion, Mr. Alston wrote  —   and that figure does not take into account “those certain to die and be infected in the years ahead. ” “Since this is almost five times the total annual budget for peacekeeping worldwide, it is a figure that is understandably seen as prohibitive and unrealistic,” he said. Still, he argued: “The figure of $40 billion should stand as a warning of the consequences that could follow if national courts become convinced that the abdication policy is not just unconscionable but also legally unjustified. The best way to avoid that happening is for the United Nations to offer an appropriate remedy. ” Mr. Alston, who declined to comment for this article, will present the final report at the opening of the General Assembly in September, when presidents, prime ministers and monarchs from nearly every country gather at United Nations headquarters in New York. Mr. Haq said the secretary general’s office “wanted to take this opportunity to welcome this vital report,” which he added “will be a valuable contribution to the U. N. as we work towards a significant new set of U. N. actions. ”",0
6610,Woman Accused of Murdering Son-in-Law Celebrates Killing,"A California woman accused of murdering her    was videotaped during her police interview celebrating his death and showing no remorse.[  Prosecutors showed jurors a videotape of Cynthia Cdebaca, 65, raising her arms in celebration of Geoward Eustaquio’s death by shooting, the Daily Mail reported. Cdebaca told police that she had planned on shooting Eustaquio for two weeks and that she bought a gun specifically for the purpose of killing him, KSWB reported. “Did you check on him after you shot him?” asked detectives. “I didn’t care,” answered Cdebaca.  “I would do it again. ” Cdebaca told detectives that she got into a fight with her    the morning of the shooting. “I got dressed and he said, ‘you can’t go like that.’ He told me you look ghetto,” said Cdebaca during the video testimony. She said she got angry when Eustaquio told her she wasn’t invited to attend her granddaughter’s spelling bee that day, and that she reached her breaking point after that argument. She even recounted how she shot her    10 times, even stopping to reload and shoot at him again after initially wounding him. “I shot him 10 times, then he went inside the house and locked the door,” said Cdebaca. That’s when she said she shot through the door, entered the home, fired the final rounds and stood over him. “Did you shoot till it was empty?” a detective was heard asking Cdebaca. “Yes, until it was empty,” said Cdebaca. Cdebaca told investigators that she and her family suffered Eustaquio’s abuse for 13 years. “So mean to me, to all of them. Yes he is,” said Cdebaca. “They were afraid of him, yes. So mean to my daughter. I told her 13 years ago, he’s evil. ” The video showed each member of Cdebaca’s family hugging her and saying goodbye before she was taken to jail. When Cdebaca asked her youngest granddaughter for a hug, the girl refused. “No, you killed my dad,” said the girl.",0
6611,Colombia Signs Peace Agreement With FARC After 5 Decades of War - The New York Times,"In a Caribbean resort city, far from the jungles where guerrilla battles once raged, the Colombian government and the country’s largest rebel group signed a peace agreement on Monday evening. The ceremony, held in Cartagena, brought an end to a    war with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, whose Marxist insurgency marked the last major war in the Americas. “What we sign today is a declaration from the Colombian people before the world that we are tired or war,” President Juan Manuel Santos said in his prepared remarks, “that we don’t accept violence as the means of defending ideas. ” It was a moment perhaps reminiscent of the Good Friday Agreement that ended the conflict in Northern Ireland or the Oslo Accords that promised peace in the Middle East. And it was an image that generations of Colombians had yearned to see on their soil: A sitting president shaking the hands of the very rebel leader whom government forces had once hunted in the mountains, as the two sides pledged a future of peaceful politics. “Let no one doubt that we will now pursue politics without weapons,” said Rodrigo Londoño, the top commander of the FARC, offering an apology to the war’s victims. Soon, the choice will be in the hands of the Colombian people, who have the last word. Mr. Santos, who as defense minister ordered offensives against Mr. Londoño’s forces, has called for a referendum vote on Sunday to ratify the accord he has signed. Polls indicate that it will coast to victory by a wide   margin. The FARC’s war against the government marked one of the first   insurgencies in Latin America, a struggle that would inspire guerrilla movements from Cuba to Nicaragua. While the conflict gradually diminished, the group’s fighters, in the tents and hammocks of their   continued to preach Marxist armed struggle until early this year. “This was like the stars that have burned out years ago  —   but still you can see their light for many years afterward,” said Bernard Aronson, the American diplomat who worked as an intermediary during the talks. “This is what the FARC had become. ” The war tore the social fabric of Colombia. Decades of fighting brought the rise of paramilitary groups who massacred civilians and burned villages. The FARC eventually turned to the profitable cocaine trade to finance its insurgency, while shaking down rural people and terrorizing city dwellers with kidnappings and killings. All told, some 220, 000 people lost their lives, and more than five million were displaced. Many argued that the time had come at last to end generations of unrest. “Who could oppose that people go back to using the land? That there are no more children in war? That the mines be removed?” said Armando Benedetti, a Colombian senator and longtime supporter of the peace deal. Yet the agreement has faced stiff criticism, most notably from Mr. Santos’ predecessor as president, Álvaro Uribe. Mr. Uribe is widely credited with the crackdown that brought the FARC to the negotiating table. He has since become the leader of the movement to sink the deal through the referendum, saying that the government had gone too easy on the guerrillas and calling Mr. Santos a “traitor. ” “With these agreements, there is neither justice nor truth for the victims,” said Mr. Uribe, who is now an opposition senator in Congress, in a Twitter post. In coming months the FARC will hand over arms to United Nations inspectors, beginning a process in which they will begin a life as ordinary Colombians. In return, the country will agree to a “transitional justice” system in which, according to Mr. Santos,    soldiers will be granted amnesty or given reduced sentences for crimes they committed. The rebels held what they called the 10th Conference last week, where many began to plan their future. Guerrilla fighters donned   and attended outdoor concerts as they voted to end their insurgency. Many saw it as their first step toward a life after their rebellion. The process of reconciliation will continue in Colombia, long after the signing ceremony and even the referendum, as the country pulls together. Yet the survivors must live with their memories of war. There are those like Yolanda Perea, who as an    in 1997 was living in the village of La Pava when a guerrilla entered her home, which had no door, walked past her five siblings and her grandfather, and raped her with a gun pointed to her head. Ms. Perea did not know she had become pregnant until another guerrilla beat her and she had a miscarriage. Days later, she said, several more guerrillas arrived and fatally shot her mother. Ms. Perea eventually had two children. She lives in Medellín working with a nongovernmental organization that protects women’s rights. She is planning a “yes” vote for the referendum. “I don’t win anything if I continue to hate,” she said. “I have to vote yes because peace depends on each of us. There are more of us who are good, and we simply have to keep fighting for a quiet country for our children and grandchildren. ” The accord was celebrated in other cities around the world. At a gathering in Times Square, David Oliveros, a    college student from Bogotá who is studying biochemistry at Columbia, choked up as he described the peace agreement. “I’ve never lived in a country in peace, without war,” he said. “It’s a moment I’ve waited for all of my life. ”",0
6612,Black Activist Blasts Hillary Clinton Over Wikileaks Revelation,"Black Activist Blasts Hillary Clinton Over Wikileaks Revelation Eric Garner's daughter speaks out against Clinton campaign for using her father's death Infowars Nightly News - October 28, 2016 Comments 
Erica Garner, daughter of Eric Garner, blasts Hillary Clinton campaign over discussions staffers had about her father’s death, as revealed in WikiLeaks emails. NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars Crew. Related Articles Download on your mobile device now for free. Today on the Show Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars crew. From the store Featured Videos FEATURED VIDEOS A Vote For Hillary is a Vote For World War 3 - See the rest on the Alex Jones YouTube channel . The Most Offensive Halloween EVER! - See the rest on the Alex Jones YouTube channel . ILLUSTRATION How much will your healthcare premiums rise in 2017? >25% © 2016 Infowars.com is a Free Speech Systems, LLC Company. All rights reserved. Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice. 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force",0
6613,Guardian Plays Robin to MI5s Batman    : Information," Guardian Plays Robin to MI5s Batman By Jonathan Cook
 Today the Guardian offers decisive confirmation that it is only too willing to serve as an establishment mouthpiece. It proudly announces that it is the venue selected by Andrew Parker, the head of MI5, Britains FBI, to receive the agencys first-ever newspaper interview.
If the Guardian were a proper independent newspaper, it would regard this interview as a stain. Instead it bills it as a front-page exclusive. Exclusively, the Guardian has been given the chance to regurgitate MI5s propaganda  propaganda designed to help stoke a new Cold War with Russia.
In fact, this is not an interview as the Guardian claims, for the simple reason that the papers two interviewers  one of them its deputy editor, Paul Johnson  have no basis on which to question the quality of the classified information they are being fed.
Everything Parker tells them could have been guessed at without the interview:
the Russians under Vladimir Putin are an evil empire; Islamic jihadists are everywhere but MI5 is brilliant at foiling their terror attacks; the increased budget MI5 has received is entirely justified because it is doing such a brilliant job of foiling terror attacks; MI5s extra powers to surveil us all are necessary to foil those terror attacks; whatever happens with Brexit, MI5 will continue doing a brilliant job protecting the British people; MI5 is determined to become a friendlier place for women and minority ethnic applicants. This isnt journalism, its the very definition of stenography.
Even the Guardian seems to sense that its readers might wonder why this interview is being published in their newspaper. But rather than discuss why the Guardian would want to publish an interview with Parker, the paper asks the opposite question: why has MI5 chosen the Guardian? This is framed in a way to make it look as though Parker has entered a combative environment in coming to the Guardian. The paper reminds us that it broke the Edward Snowden story.
In fact, the Guardians Snowden revelations seem like another era. Remember that the Guardian got access to Snowdens documents only via their star columnist Glenn Greenwald, who has since departed after what appeared to be an increasingly troubled relationship, especially after the Snowden revelations. Instead Parker is once again given an opportunity to attack Snowden, accentuating the damage that was done to the work of British and allied intelligence agencies by Snowdens efforts to bring to public attention the systematic and secretive invasions of our privacy.
The Guardian is in far more comfortable territory playing Robin to MI5s Batman.
So why has Parker selected the Guardian rather than, say, the more obviously establishment London Times?
Because the Guardians articles are not behind a paywall and so are easily accessible to anyone online? Because it has become the preferred British news source for American elites, whose own media are even more servile to power? Because the Guardians (unjustified) reputation for leftwing and critical journalism will bestow on this MI5 press release the necessary pretence that Parker has been subjected to tough questioning from the Guardian? Or because Parker knew that the Guardian would be as docilely accepting of his propaganda as any rightwing outlet of the corporate media?
Draw your own conclusions.
Jonathan Cook is a Nazareth- based journalist and winner of the Martha Gellhorn Special Prize for Journalism",0
6614,Don’t Believe The Myth That Weightlifting Will Slow You Down,"Many older physical trainers, and even those younger ones who were proteges of the older men, will tell the trainee that there is an inverse correlation between strength and speed—that being too big and muscular will slow down an athlete (for whatever reason, I have found that this is most prevalent amongst traditional martial artists). The usual reason given is that the increased mass is simply a “dead weight”, while those with a little bit more knowledge will explain that lifting will develop “slow twitch” muscles over the “Fast twitch” muscles needed for sprinting, jumping, punching, and kicking.
I am here to tell you that the “common wisdom” is completely wrong-when done properly, weightlifting will not impede your speed, and will in fact enhance your speed and explosiveness!
Anecdotes Perhaps you’ve heard of this man?

That is of course Jamaica’s Usain Bolt, the fastest man in the world, and holder of multiple Olympic records. Also worth noting is that in an interview, Mr. Bolt revealed that he squats 400 pounds, and at least partially attributes his nigh inhuman speed to his training regimen. And he’s not the only speed athlete who this can be said of-look at any Olympic class sprinter, they are all quite muscular fellows.

Similarly, other athletic disciplines (that’s “athletics” in the specific rather than general sense, I’m using the European term for what my countrymen call “track and field”) have claimed to utilize weightlifting in their training, such as the long jump and the hurdles. Or, you can take my word for it: at my best I had a one rep max squat of 320 pounds, and had a 38 inch vertical leap (I am judging this by my ability to perform a standing jump over 2nd-highest position hurdles, which are measured at 38 inches ).
In fact, many world-level athletes of all disciplines are utilizing Olympic style weightlifting to develop speed and powe r.
Anyway you slice it, compound weight training is a fantastic supplement to all athletes, even those who seemingly don’t need that raw brute strength.
The Science As I elaborated in this article , as well as in the free PDF I offer to subscribers to my website (the subscription sign-up is on the front page) there’s more than one type of way to be athletic. More accurately, there are three, speaking purely in terms of muscular and/or nervous system function, so this does not include hand-to-eye coordination or other skills related to team sports. These three things can, loosely, correlate to the three types of muscle fibers-Red—or slow—Oxidative, Fast Glycolytic-or White-, and Fast Oxidative. Rather than rehash an article that I’ve already written, we will focus on the white muscle, the fast glycolytic. This is the type of muscle you want to be training for if you want to develop sprinting speed or a high vertical leap.
Or, to put this into terms of Newton’s second law of motion, Acceleration=Force/Mass, ie: the amount of muscular force you can exert, divided by your body weight=how fast you can accelerate. And yes, I am aware that there’s probably a more mathematically accurate way of putting this.
Which Exercises To Do? It is at this point that you’re probably asking which exercises you should train to develop those physical skills you desire. If you read my articles regularly, you will know what I am likely to say-compound free weight lifting!
In fact, I’ll go out on a limb and say if you don’t know which exercise you should do to develop a certain physical trait, you should always default to a compound lift unless you receive some further information that says otherwise. Training for speed or vertical leap is no exception to this rule.
If you are looking for sheer running speed and leaping ability, the power lifts that hit the lower body are most effective: deep “Ass to grass” squats, deadlifts, and the clean and jerk are used by professional athletes to great effect.

Similarly, if you want the ability to throw a ball or punch harder, upper body compound lifts are the key: bench presses, overhead presses and, yes, the clean and jerk, will see you through.

So for those of you who are afraid that your athletic performance will be somehow impeded by heavy weightlifting, nothing could be further from the truth.
Read More: Improve Your Weightlifting With A Video Camera 
",0
6615,Rep. Barbara Lee: ‘I Don’t Agree with States’ Rights’ Because Trump Does - Breitbart,"Rep. Barbara Lee ( ) said on Tuesday that she does not agree with states’ rights because President Donald Trump believes in restoring states’ authority on a wide range of issues, including education and health care insurance markets. [Lee made the remarks at the   Center for American Progress in Washington, DC, where she referenced states rights as it applies to Trump’s decision this month to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate change agreement, a move she claims would hurt the U. S. economy.  Moreover, Lee said, California is still committed to fighting global warming. “Pulling out of the Paris Accord is also a job killer,” Lee said. “Because the energy sector  —   the green sector  —   coming from California we’re doing a lot of things  —   I think some other states will follow. “Because the jobs that are being created will be destroyed now as a result of what this president has done,” Lee said. “I don’t agree with states’ rights because that is kind of this administration’s push but in some instances when we have to just go at it on our own  —   we need to go at it on our own,” Lee said. But according to Robertson Williams, a professor at the University of Maryland and director of academic programs for Resources for the Future, a   group that studied the climate change agreement, it is difficult to know exactly what the economic impacts of withdrawing will be. Williams was interviewed by the Boston public radio station in May where he was asked about the economic impact of leaving the agreement. “One of the problems we have, we’re much better at modeling the cost of doing something to reduce emissions than we are modeling the cost of doing nothing,” Williams said. “We don’t know very well how other countries are gonna react. “If other countries react by doing less to fight climate change, that has very real costs,” Williams said. “That unchecked climate change could have very serious costs for the U. S. economy. “But knowing exactly how big that is is really hard,” Williams said.",0
6616,Report: Robots to Take Over ’Wide Range’ of Military Jobs - Breitbart,"According to a report by the San Diego   the wave of increasing automation is about to put military jobs in jeopardy. [The San Diego   reports, “  vehicles poised to take taxi, train and truck driver jobs in the civilian sector also could nab many   slots in the Army. ” Additionally, “Warehouse robots that scoot goods to delivery vans could run the same chores inside Air Force ordnance and supply units. ”  “New machines that can scan, collate and analyze hundreds of thousands of pages of legal documents in a day might outperform Navy legal researchers,” they continued. “Nurses, physicians and corpsmen could face competition from computers designed to diagnose diseases and assist in the operating room  …     Frogmen might no longer need to rip out sea mines by hand  —   robots could do that for them. ” “Just as in the civilian economy, automation will likely have a big impact on military organizations in logistics and manufacturing,” said University of Pennsylvania professor Michael Horowitz. “The U. S. military is very likely to pursue forms of automation that reduce ‘ ’ costs over time, as well as remove soldiers from   deployments where they might face risk from adversaries on fluid battlefields, such as in transportation. ” Henrik Christensen, the director of the Institute for Contextual Robotics at UC San Diego, added that “the jobs that are most boring will be the ones that get replaced. ” “Robots will continue to replace the dirty, dull and dangerous jobs, and this will affect typically more uneducated and unskilled workers,” said Christensen. “You need to look at the mundane things. Logistics tasks will not be solved by people driving around in trucks. Instead, you will have fewer drivers. The lead driver in a convoy might be human, but every truck following behind will not be. The jobs that are the most boring will be the ones that get replaced because they’re the easiest to automate. ” During an interview with Quartz last week, Microsoft founder Bill Gates called for a robot tax to offset the jobs lost from automation. “Certainly there will be taxes that relate to automation. Right now, the human worker who does, say, $50, 000 worth of work in a factory, that income is taxed and you get income tax, social security tax, all those things,” declared Gates. “If a robot comes in to do the same thing, you’d think that we’d tax the robot at a similar level. ” “There are many ways to take that extra productivity and generate more taxes. Exactly how you’d do it, measure it, you know, it’s interesting for people to start talking about now,” he continued. “Some of it can come on the profits that are generated by the   efficiency there. Some of it can come directly in some type of robot tax. I don’t think the robot companies are going to be outraged that there might be a tax. It’s OK. ” Gates also added that “you ought to be willing to raise the tax level and even slow down the speed of that adoption somewhat to figure out, ‘OK, what about the communities where this has a particularly big impact? Which transition programs have worked and what type of funding do those require? ’” Billionaire and entrepreneur Mark Cuban also claimed on Sunday that robots are going to “cause unemployment,” posting, “Automation is going to cause unemployment and we need to prepare for it,” to Twitter on Sunday, while in November, Tesla and SpaceX founder Elon Musk also predicted that automated robots would lead to mass unemployment, which he claimed could eventually create a universal wage from the government. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
6617,Comment on BOMBSHELL: AAA Safety Foundation Finds No Scientific Basis that THC in Blood Impairs Driving by JD Salinger,"Home / #Solutions / BOMBSHELL: AAA Safety Foundation Finds No Scientific Basis that THC in Blood Impairs Driving BOMBSHELL: AAA Safety Foundation Finds No Scientific Basis that THC in Blood Impairs Driving Claire Bernish May 10, 2016 19 Comments 
No scientific basis exists to legitimize current THC testing in place in five states who base their impaired driving standards on THC levels in blood. According to a study from auto club giant AAA’s safety foundation, a blood test threshold for THC — the chemical component of cannabis that makes people ‘high’ — is simply not scientifically possible. 
Yet, in five of six states where cannabis is legal, the tests are used to determine whether or not drivers should be considered impaired. Those tests employ a blood level-based judgment similar to that used for determining alcohol impairment. But AAA found such tests for THC are wholly unreliable — sending potentially unimpaired drivers to jail and putting impaired drivers back behind the wheel. 
“There is understandably a strong desire by both lawmakers and the public to create legal limits for marijuana impairment in the same manner we do alcohol,” said AAA president and CEO, Marshall Doney, as reported by the Associated Press . “In the case of marijuana this approach is flawed and not supported by scientific research.” 
After discovering the tests had no value, the safety foundation recommended Colorado, Montana, Nevada, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Washington simply ditch their THC impairment testing laws — and that other states considering similar laws abandon the proposed legislation. 
As the study notes, determining actual impairment from THC consumption is quite different than for alcohol. Tolerance for the chemical would mean though a regular cannabis user might have high blood levels of THC, they are perfectly safe behind the wheel — while a relatively low THC blood level could be found in someone unfit to drive. 
Instead of what amounts to arbitrary blood testing, AAA recommends specialized law enforcement officers who would better observe behavior as a determination of impairment, which would then be backed up by THC blood testing. 
As the AP noted, nine states — even some with legalized medicinal cannabis — currently have zero-tolerance policies in place for THC-impaired driving. Those states’ laws include not only blood testing for THC, but also for its metabolites which can persist in blood long after the last use of cannabis. 
Obviously, explained New York University professor and specialist in drug issues and criminal policy, Mark A. R. Kleiman, such laws make no sense. 
“A law against driving with THC in your bloodstream is not a law you can know you are obeying except by never smoking marijuana or never driving,” he explained. Kleiman, however, disagrees with AAA’s recommendation to adjust current laws, and instead feels such offenses should by traffic violations. 
According to Kleiman, compared to other potentially dangerous impairments, cannabis is likely the least offensive on the list. While some studies showed roughly double the risk of accidents caused by cannabis impairment, nationally-legal hands-free cellphone usage quadruples the crash risk — and blood alcohol content of .12 increases accident risk 15-fold. 
A “noisy child in the back of the car” presents the same increased dangers as driving under the influence of cannabis, Kleiman said — noting an exception would be use of both cannabis and alcohol together, which would greatly increase impairment. 
Clearly, ineffectual and illegitimate laws that senselessly send people to jail need to be abandoned with a quickness — and the AAA safety foundation’s findings on THC blood impairment testing would be a fantastic place to start. Share 
This is really OLD news. They should have read this: http://www.bisdro.uni-bremen.de/boellinger/cannabis/09-robbe.pdf zimbo 
good link, but older than this. the fact that interested people from along the whole world expect news in studies and decisions based on founded experiences to cannabis and society makes this “kind of new” : “now we know that we knew it before, but we didnt believe…”. all the studies in europe are hard work because of “illegalitity”. as only holland has a moderate view on that and a few countries like portugal or poland have anti criminal laws for owning a few gram, there is almost no way for good representative studies, except for medical science. thats why this 1994 study from holland is so important, and is translated in a big interpretation range along europe. The federal comission (same that was asked for 1ng level in 2002) tried to uplift the level to 3ng this january, due to later sciences, but was not succesful. relevant science of countries with “legalisation” is important for other countries, and such statements from the aaa too, as it comes from big brother u.s., thats always a door opener, holland science isn t so much for lobby germoney marianne 
It’s not about making sure people aren’t impaired, it was never about that. It’s just yet another means of trying to screw over anyone who breaks stupid prohibitionist drug laws. From that perspective, the law makes perfect sense. Michael 
This is only a surprise for the people who have never experienced or used marijuana. 2 hours after you smoke it, you’re as good as new most of the time. Sometimes it last a little longer but not very often especially if its mexican ditch weed. It has to be really good strain to last any longer than 2 hours. However, if you ingest it there is a longer buzz. It takes an hour or so after you ingest it to begin the buzz. 
Again, marijuana is far far far more safe to use and understand how to use, than alcohol. If you wanna make your life better stop drinking alcohol which will definitely kill you and smoke a doobie, relax and enjoy the music knowing that what you just put in your body will NOT kill you.. marianne 
To be fair, alcohol isn’t all that deadly if used in moderation. Moderate consumption even has some health benefits. I mean it’s certainly a drug with the potential to be very dangerous if misused, more so than most illegal drugs, but drinking alcohol won’t definitely kill you (though it very well might if you overuse it). William Carmichael 
“To be fair, alcohol ISN’T ALL THAT DEADLY if used in moderation.” LOL! What a statement. marianne 
True enough, I did phrase that in a somewhat amusing way! Elizabeth Pallett 
Or you could try eating it to ensure good health, mental and physical, smoking has a very short term effect even for pain, ingesting has far more benefits and is better for you too. JD Salinger 
The point of the article is getting tested for impairment. If you eat it you still have thc in your system. You can still get popped. The article says the tests are unreliable are unscientific. But thanks for your view on edibles anyway. mantirig41 
I know I am a much kinder diver when stoned. Sober I drive like a bat out of hell Chris Sky 
Laws aren’t about “The Greater Good” they are about MONEY and CONTROL for the people in power. AlPennG 
WE NEED ACCESS TO THE WHOLE PLANT SO WE CAN LIVE A WHOLE LIFE!! PERIOD!! THERE IS NOT ENOUGH PROFIT IN IT SO THAT HAS TO BE BAD!! THAT IS THEIR THINK ON EVERYTHING AND ANYTHING ALL BULLSHIT THEY KEEP SHOVELING!! WE CRY, WE DIE AND THE POLITICIANS LIE!! zimbo 
interesting. to drive drunk and stoned is no option for me, and i appreciate possibilities to keep people away from driving a car as long as they are not able to. the question about how to find out, the level and penalty in other countries brought me here.I heard about colorados level of 10ng thc/ml serum. for german administration law you are “unable impaired” for car and bike with 1ng thc/ml serum, thats up to 24h after a 34mg joint. or 75 ng thc metabolites /ml serum; or a official witness for using car or bike within 12h after smoking joint (telling this in wrong environment can be enough) you loose your license and begin a half or one year psychological and medical odyssey for a 50/50 chance to get it back. (for blood alcohol the level is 1,1). psychologists earn a lot of money with that. in switzerland, you may drive trolley car with up to 3ng/ml serum- as operator. both laws based on the 1994 limburg university study by h.w.j. robbe, also posted below. As there is no succesful way to criminalize people with a joint or a bit cannabis by criminal law in germany due to high “costs for nothing”, the admin.law is misused, and you can loose your license even by smoking in a park or carrying 3 joints in a taxi. Finally i like the link to the noisy backseat kids. interesting: this year several people lost their lives getting involved in accidents by spontaneous street races. as the license is older than 2 years, the drivers get it back automatically after 1 -3 months. there is no significant statistic on marihuana caused accidents. in combination with alcohol there are. every known european study say that marihuana leads to defensive and careful appearances, while alcohol leads to aggresive and overestimational behaviour. beer is an huge economical factor here, followed by pharmaceutics, which are not further considered in such discussions. 
on a tv documentation of german truckers they talk in every way about all kind of pharmaceutics taken before while and after their hard job… Misty Trenshaw 
http://sprout.news/cops-confess-people-drive-better-when-they-are-high/#wysija 
So, what’s the problem? You stop at a stop sign and wait for it to turn green? You’re overly cautious? A good driver? It’s all about government control. 
I divorced my parents because of control when I was 17. I divorced my ex husband because of control when I was 32. I think it’s high time we divorced our government. BarleySinger 
unfortunately, all over the world people are in abusive relationships with their governments Kokopelli 
Weed causes people to drive more slowly & more cautiously. Alcohol makes people drive faster & more recklessly. BarleySinger 
The inability to account for “Tolerance” isn’t specific to cannabis. Is is true for nearly every intoxicant. It *very* true about alcohol. The cytochrome p450 system is different for every person. There is no simple roadside testing method in existence that can prove impairment. JackmeOFF 
Pot is for losers complete fucking drones JD Salinger 
I bet you are a hoot at parties. Social",0
6618,"U.S. Senate, Orlando, Donald Trump: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. The challenges facing Donald Trump have grown. Filings revealed that the Trump campaign, with just $1. 3 million in cash, is trailing Hillary Clinton by more than $41 million  —   even as it has made sizable payouts to his family and companies. Mr. Trump said the shortfall showed that his operation was “leaner and more efficient, like our government should be. ” But it also means that he’s leaning on the Republican National Committee for help. Above, protesters gathered outside the Manhattan hotel where Mr. Trump spoke to hundreds of evangelicals. _____ 2. Mrs. Clinton laced into Mr. Trump’s business record and economic policies. In a speech in Ohio, she called him the “king of debt,” said he would “rig the economy for Wall Street again” and warned that his idea of defaulting on American debt could start “a global panic. ” He responded on Twitter, including one tweet that said, “Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy. ” _____ 3. A compromise on gun sales was proposed a day after four other measures stalled in the Senate. The new bill, restricting sales to terror suspects on the government’s “ ” list, was offered by Susan Collins, a Maine Republican, and Heidi Heitkamp, a North Dakota Democrat. Attorney General Loretta Lynch visited people wounded in the attack nine days ago in Orlando, Fla. while a state senator running for Congress said he would hold a drawing for a   rifle to burnish his   credentials. _____ 4. So much for an upset. The U. S. men’s soccer team lost   to Argentina in the semifinals of the Copa América Centenario. La Albiceleste, as the team is known, was ranked No. 1 by FIFA going into the tournament and features Lionel Messi, perhaps the best player in the world. Argentina will now play the winner of Wednesday’s semifinal match in Chicago between Colombia and Chile. _____ 5. There are those who see grand theater and operatic drama in sports. But the triumph of LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers brings another kind of work of art to mind, which you may have heard of in high school. The story of a hero leaving the nest to find his fortune, making gains but suffering, and finally returning home to find it holds everything he ever needed? That’s the classic bildungsroman, our ( ) sports reporter reminds us. _____ 6. “Brits don’t quit. ” That was David Cameron, Britain’s prime minister, making a   appeal to voters to choose to remain in the European Union on Thursday. Three years ago, when he promised the referendum, it seemed like a safe way to buy a   peace with the   wing of his Conservative Party. But now polls suggest the outcome is too close to call. _____ 7. The F. A. A. issued new rules allowing a broad range of businesses to use drones under 55 pounds, but stopped short of allowing package delivery. A lawyer working on behalf of Amazon and Google said that once drones become commonplace, it will be “harder to argue against broader uses  —   like for delivery. ” _____ 8. If “The Graduate” were written today, the messianic businessman’s “one word” to Dustin Hoffman’s aimless character might be “biometrics” instead of “plastics. ” Some of the biggest U. S. banks are already enabling customers to use face and eye scans, fingerprints or voice analysis to access their accounts. “We believe the password is dying,” an expert on financial crime said. _____ 9. Finally, good news for a peculiar Central Asian antelope. The saiga population is beginning to recover after a mysterious ailment last year killed more than 200, 000  —   more than half  —   of the animals in Kazakhstan. In the   herd, numbers rose from 31, 000 to 36, 000 by April. “It’s fantastic news,” a preservationist said. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
6619,Japan Condemns N Korea Missile Launch - Trump: U.S. Stands Behind Japan 100 Percent - Breitbart,"Saturday, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, backed “100 percent” by President Donald Trump, condemned North Korea for reportedly launching a missile into its eastern sea, calling the test launch “absolutely intolerable. ”  Prime Minister Abe released the following statement through a translator: North Korea’s most recent missile launch is absolutely intolerable. North Korea must fully comply with the relevant U. N. Security Council resolutions. During the summit meeting that I had with President Trump, he assured me that the United States will always [be] with Japan 100% and to demonstrate his determination as well as commitment, he is now here with me at this joint press conference. President Trump and I myself completely share the view that we are going to promote further cooperation between the two nations and also we are going to further reinforce our alliance. That is all from myself. President Trump followed up Abe’s statement by affirming his support. “I just want everybody to understand and fully know that the United States of America stands behind Japan, its great ally, 100 percent. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
6620,Fennel: Evidence-Based Drug Alternative For Menstrual Pain,"in: Natural Medicine For those who cannot or simply wish not to take chemical drugs for menstrual pain (dysmenorrhea), a time-tested and now clinically confirmed natural alternative exists based on the flavorful herb fennel. In a recent double-blinded, cross-over study published in Iranian Journal of Nursery and Midwifery Research, involving 68 female university students (mean age 21.8 years), the participants were divided into two groups of 34 and randomly administered either a combination of fennel/vitamin E or ibuprofen for two months. [i] Up to 60.3% of the subjects in the trial had missed school or daily activities due to dysmenorrhea, 89.7% participants reported use of tranquilizers, and 22.1% had family history of dysmenorrhea. Additionally, a pre-study survey (2007) on a dysmenorrheic population in Tehran found that 95.7% of the participants reported using another drug for pain relief in the case group and about 95.5% used these drugs in the control group. [ii] The results of the intervention were reported as follows: “The mean of peak pain intensity in the first, second, third, sixth, and forty-eighth hours in the group that had used combination of fennel extract/vitamin E was lower than the group that had used ibuprofen, and statistical differences were observed between the two groups in the first and second hours; combination of fennel extract/vitamin E was more effective than ibuprofen in the first hour ( P < 0.03) and second hour ( P < 0.04). The mean of peak pain intensity in the first, second, third, sixth, and forty-eighth hours in the group that had used combination of fennel extract/vitamin E was lower than the group that had used ibuprofen, and statistical differences were observed between the two groups in the first and second hours; combination of fennel extract/vitamin E was more effective than ibuprofen in the first hour ( P < 0.03) and second hour ( P < 0.04).” The study concluded, “Combination of fennel extract/vitamin E is effective on decreasing the intensity of pain of primary dysmenorrhea, and it is advised to those who cannot use chemical drugs.” Beyond the obvious pain and quality of life issues of painful menstrual cycles, it has been estimated that in the United States alone, missed work due to dysmenorrhea leads to 600 million work hours per year, with economic loses are an estimated $2 billion per year. [iii] Unfortunately, there are severe side effects associated with conventional treatment for dysmenorrhea, which rely mostly on painkillers, and whose wide range of deleterious effects include liver damage ( Tylenol ), bleeding disorders ( aspirin / ibuprofen ), and severe addiction (opioids), to name but a few of over 100 known adverse health effects of this drug class. [iv] In a recent article, “ Ibuprofen Kills Thousands Each Year, So What is the Alternative? ” we discussed the fallout from a recent Lancet article indicating the risk of heart attack increases as much as a third and the risk of heart failure doubles among heavier users of NSAID drugs. Given how common the use is of chemical drugs for this common health complaint, the fennel/vitamin E’s comparable potency is quite encouraging. While the fennel/vitamin E trial did not disclose the exact formula and dosages of ingredients used, a previous trial found that fennel seed (technically a fruit) extract at 2% concentration (25 drops, orally every 4 waking hours) compared favorably to another NSAID drug known as mefenamic acid. [v] These are not the only two trials comparing fennel to a drug in the treatment of dysmenorrhea. Previous published studies include: Eastern Mediterranean Health Journal (2006): Two groups of high school girls with dysmenorrhea received either fennel extract or mefenamic acid for 2 months, resulting in comparable levels of pain relief and recovery of functional activity. [vi] Ayu (2012): 60 adolescent girls suffering from dysmenorrhea received either 30mg of fennel extract, four times a day for three days from start of their menstrual period or a placebo a capsule in the same dosage scheme. The fennel intervention was more effective than the placebo group in pain relief. [vii] Iranian Journal of Nursing and Midwifery Research (2013) : 60 college students with dysmenorrhea were randomly assigned to two groups, one with fennel drops (2% fennel extract, 25 drops every 6 hours) and the other with mefenamic acid (250 mg every 6 hours). The pain relief was comparable between groups. [viii] [Note: the researchers observed increased bleeding in the fennel group. Those prone to this should exercise additional caution]. Fennel is one of a wide range of traditional herbs used to address symptoms of dysmenorrhea. At GreenMedInfo.com we have indexed 20 substances that have been studied for this condition, as well as 8 Therapeutic Actions : Dysmenorrhea research . [i] Masoomeh Nasehi, Fahimeh Sehhatie, Vahid Zamanzadeh, Abbase Delazar, Yousef Javadzadeh, Bahman Mohammady Chongheralu. Comparison of the effectiveness of combination of fennel extract/vitamin E with ibuprofen on the pain intensity in students with primary dysmenorrhea. Iran J Nurs Midwifery Res. 2013 Sep ;18(5):355-9. PMID: 24403936 [ii] 30. Tark ZS, Akhavan AM, Mojab M, Alavi MH. Effect of Fennel extract on primary dysmenorrhea. Iran J Fertil Steril. 2007;8:45–51. [ Ref list ] [iii] Ahmed M, Minawi EL, Fred M. Howard. Pelvic Pain Diagnosis and management. Philadelphia: LWW; 2000. Dysmenorrhea; pp. 100–9.",0
6621,The Global Trade Slowdown is Both True and Non-trivial,"by Jerri-Lynn Scofield 
Jerri-Lynn here: This short post by Jack Gao of the Institute for New International Thinking (INET) highlights a pressing problem afflicting the world economy: the slowdown of international trade. As the post summarises, there’s no consensus among economists on the causes for that slowdown. 
One major quibble with the post. Gal’s passing statement below, “The desire of those hurt by globalization to shield themselves from foreign competition via protectionist or retaliatory policies is a growing influence in the political life of a number of countries, including the world’s most advanced democracies,” seems to fail to grasp the true basis for widespread opposition to pending so-called “trade agreements”. Opposition movements are not necessarily motivated by opposition to trade per se, but by concerns over transparency, how the gains from these agreements have and will be distributed, and limitations on sovereignty and regulation imposed by procedures such as the Investor-State Dispute Settlement mechanism. And the responses to such concerns under discussion are not what I would describe as traditionally protectionist or retaliatory, but instead combine calls for greater transparency, attention to distributional issues, and a halt– or at minimum, profound rethink– of measures that constrain sovereignty or stymie effective regulation (e.g., threats to the European Union’s precautionary principle). To be fair, these issues are peripheral to Gao’s major aim in the piece, which is to account for the slowdown in international trade. 
I should also remind readers who’re only familiar with Paul Krugman through his New York Times column that his initial academic work concerned international trade. 
By Jack Gao, who is a Program Economist at the Institute for New Economic Thinking (INET), with interests in international economics and finance, energy policy, economic development, and the Chinese economy. He previously worked in financial product and data departments in Bloomberg Singapore, and reported on Asian financial markets in Bloomberg News from Shanghai. Jack holds a MPA in International Development from Harvard Kennedy School, and a B.S. in Economics from Singapore Management University. Originally published at the Institute for New Economic Thinking Website . 
Challenged by mathematician Stanislaw Ulam to name one idea in economics that was both true and non-trivial, Nobel economics laureate Paul Samuelson famously nominated comparative advantage — the notion that even a country less productive in producing everything, could still benefit from international trade by specializing in the commodity it faces the least disadvantages in producing. But comparative advantage fails to explain why international trade, which has underpinned the global economy for much its modern history, is showing signs of a slowdown. 
Originally attributed to the English classical economist David Ricardo and later formalized by generations of economists including Samuelson, trade theories rooted in comparative advantage hold that free trade should raise the overall welfare of all nations that engage in it. Wages of Chinese workers should rise, as would income levels of American capital owners, if the two countries open up to trade. And any negative impact domestically could be ameliorated by making the necessary transfers to compensate those hurt by trade. The remarkable rise in the living standards of citizens in Japan, the four “Asian Tiger” economies, and most notably China, are testaments to free trade working its magic. 
However, many find the marked slowdown in global trade since the 2008 financial crisis as puzzling as the tepid GDP growth that has accompanied the recovery. 
First, some facts. In the heyday of its economic expansion, China’s current account surplus stood at more than 10% of its GDP; that figure was a mere 2% for the first half of this year. The IMF has documented a 3% annual expansion of global trade since 2012, less than half of its annual growth rate in the previous three decade. This trend holds within developed countries, as well as between developed and developing countries. 
Experts are debating the underlying causes of the trade slowdown. The most obvious explanation may be to point to the disruption caused by the 2008 financial crisis, and the prolonged weakness in subsequent economic activities. With the collapse of the western financial system, world economic growth dipped into negative territory for the first time in recent history — from its pre-crisis level of around 4% — and global trade decline ensued. Since then, however, trade, which has historically grown at twice the rate of GDP growth, has grown more or less in tandem with the sluggish output recovery. Clearly, something else is causing the breakdown. 
Another explanation frequently offered has been the restructuring in China. The world’s second largest economy, which in recent decades powered the world’s economic activities, had been an even more important driver of growth in world trade. But after 2008, Beijing put more emphasis on domestic economic concerns instead of promoting foreign trade. This rebalancing, however, represents a response to the fall in external demand rather than a deliberate strategy to turn away from trade, and thus is unlikely to be causing the global trade decline. 
The WTO warned that these trends could damage an already weak world economy. The desire of those hurt by globalization to shield themselves from foreign competition via protectionist or retaliatory policies is a growing influence in the political life of a number of countries, including the world’s most advanced democracies. But while they may pose serious threats to the future of globalization, protectionist policies have not been implemented on a time frame that could have caused the trade slowdown. Nor is the decline in trade restricted to commerce between countries where populist influence is strongest. 
Economist Paul Krugman sees the answer lying in the relative speed of technological progress in transportation and the rest of the economy. Real transport costs could rise, according to Krugman, if the technological advances in transportation are slower than the economy-wide technological changes. Economists in the IMF believe believe changes in the pace of international vertical specialization, the decision to use domestic versus imported inputs, are causing the lackluster expansion of trade. All of these explanations, however, seem unlikely in the context of a world of such great differences in cost and technology — precisely the conditions under which, through the logic of comparative advantage, free trade promised such universal benefits. 
If the causes of a slowdown in global trade remain a matter of ongoing debate, its impact and implications for the global economy are unmistakably real and increasingly urgent. 0 0 0 0 0 0",0
6622,Who's Racist?,"Street scene near Temple University, 2016(image by Linh Dinh) License DMCA Over three days last week, at least 150 blacks attacked whites at random around Temple University. Victims were surrounded, punched and kicked. Wallets and phones were stolen. Rocks were thrown at passing cars. When cops showed up, one was knocked from her bike and a police horse was even punched twice in the muzzle. Most of the assaults took place on Friday. On Saturday, Joe Lauletta, a father of one victim, reported on FaceBook : I spent last night in the ER at St. Mary's HospitaI. I received a call from my daughter Christina after my sons football game. She was crying, I couldn't understand her, my heart dropped, I became scared, I said what is the matter? Dad, I was jumped, I'm beat up pretty bad. Where r u? Temple, they stole my phone. We're heading to the police station. I do not hear from her until she gets to her apartment. Rage is running through my mind the whole time. She said she is getting a ride home and wants to go to St. Mary's. I find out that her and her 2 male friends where badly beaten by a group of 30-40 black teenagers on their way home from the Temple football game. This happened after they got off the subway at Broad and Cecil B Moore. These sick animals held her down and kicked and stomped on her repeatedly. Thank god, the people from the pizza place intervened. They arrested 2 people at the scene. I have not let Christina out of my sight, she is resting. Every part of her body is badly bruised, it makes me cry just thinking about it. No broken bones. If you have children at Temple, tell them to be careful. Please keep Christina Lauletta in your thoughts. CBS Philadelphia describes another victim's ordeal: He says around 9:30 Friday night he was leaving work when he saw what looked to be at least 200 juveniles walking in large groups. He said he overheard police saying the kids were playing the knockout game. He says a juvenile around 10 years old started shouting obscenities at him and grabbed his phone out of his hand. The student says the juvenile then came back and threw the phone at him, striking him in the face. - Advertisement - Around 15 minutes later, the student says he was walking with his girlfriend when they were approached by at least seven juveniles. The student says he went to hit the Temple Police alert button when his girlfriend was struck by one of the juveniles. As the student was chasing them away, he says he was struck in the face by a someone he estimates to be eight years old. This is not new. In 2014, five black girls, aged 17, 15, 15, 15 and 14, committed three separate attacks on random white people at Temple University. Struck across the face with a brick, a 19-year-old white student suffered a fractured jaw and nearly had her teeth knocked out. Her 15-year-old assailant, Zaria Estes , was given a 2 -6 year sentence. Across America, gangs of blacks have beaten random people for decades, just for the sport of it. This cathartic recreation has been dubbed wilding, catch and wreck , knock out game or flash mob, and it can happen at parks, shopping malls, state fairs or even your living room. In 2012, a mentally-handicapped woman was relaxing on her stoop in Chester, just outside Philadelphia, when she was attacked by six black teenaged girls. When the terrified woman tried to flee inside, they rushed into her living room to continue the savage beating . Had these girls not posted their exhilarating workout on FaceBook, they might never have been caught. - Advertisement - A white bartender at my neighborhood dive was attacked, just outside her front door, by a group of black kids around 12 years old. After throwing a rock at her head and knocking her down, they kicked her a few times as she curled up on the ground, then they scattered. ""Just like that, it was over. All I could do was go inside and cry."" Not surprisingly, the latest incident at Temple University has received scant media attention. Though AP did cover it, it never pointed out that these were racial crimes. As usual, only ""teens"" are fingered, with their race not mentioned. Had mobs of whites attacked random blacks, the entire world would have known about it by now. Locally, a black writer editorializes in the Philadelphia Inquirer that gentrification is ultimately responsible. In ""Behind Temple attacks, rage often comes with exclusion,"" Solomon Jones explains : In a city where poverty is concentrated outside the universities, we can't truly expect the poor to watch jobs and wealth and excess pass them by without any reaction at all.",0
6623,"At Farewell for Black Driver Shot by Tulsa Officer, Music and Fond Memories - The New York Times","TULSA, Okla.  —   Terence T. Crutcher was new to the Dream Team. The members were a group of older students at Tulsa Community College who served as mentors to younger black men with troubled pasts. Delores Taylor told Mr. Crutcher he was the perfect candidate: He had turned 40 in August, and he was turning his life around after struggling with drugs by taking classes at the community college and pursuing a music career. He was nearly six feet tall and weighed 244 pounds  —   some called him “Big Crutch”  —   but often carried his size to quiet comedic effect. “You looked at his size, and I just said, ‘Whoo! ’” said Ms. Taylor, a former president of the college’s black student association. “But he was just a big teddy bear. Terence knew where he wanted to go. He knew his goals, and I wanted to use him as an example. ” Ms. Taylor asked Mr. Crutcher to join the student association’s Dream Team, and on Sept. 12, he agreed. Four days later, Mr. Crutcher was shot and killed by a Tulsa police officer, a shooting captured on video that stoked outrage throughout Tulsa and around the country. Mr. Crutcher was outside his S. U. V. in the middle of a street when he was shot by a white officer. He was unarmed and had his hands in the air for much of the confrontation. The officer, Betty Jo Shelby, 42, was charged by prosecutors with   manslaughter, and she was accused of overreacting to his refusal to follow her commands. On Saturday evening at his funeral, Mr. Crutcher’s relatives and friends, joined by city and Oklahoma officials and black community leaders, filled a Baptist church four miles from where he was shot. Music defined Mr. Crutcher’s life, and it defined his farewell  —   a rollicking, nearly   funeral that his pastor called a “  celebration” that was led by a gospel band and a   choir, dozens strong. The program was interrupted for more singing, more dancing. It was through song that mourners heard Mr. Crutcher’s voice, as a gospel ballad that his late brother wrote and that he recorded and sang echoed through Antioch Baptist Church. And it was yet another song that filled the church at the end as Mr. Crutcher’s blue coffin was slowly pushed down the aisle, sung by one of the men who pulled the coffin forward. “Terence is free,” the man sang. “Rest on, Big Crutch. ” Throughout the funeral, one phrase kept coming up, as a way to heal their anger and to take the sting out of an insult. As the confrontation with the police unfolded, an unidentified officer in a police helicopter overhead can be heard in a video of the shooting saying, “That looks like a bad dude, too. ” Speaker after speaker disputed the description. “Terence was not a bad dude. Terence was a great dude,” one of the family’s lawyers, Damario   told the crowd, adding, “When they encountered Terence they didn’t know. They didn’t know who he was. They didn’t know he had a family that loved him. They didn’t know he had a community that loved him. ” Mr. Crutcher was a choir singer, a father, a quoter of Proverbs. He was a native of Tulsa, born three minutes before his twin sister, Tiffany Crutcher. He was the father of four children, ages 4 to 16, and a    stepson. A GoFundMe page created to support Mr. Crutcher’s children raised more than $160, 000 in three days. Mr. Crutcher’s father and mother  —   the Rev. Joey Crutcher and his wife, Leanna  —   first learned of their son’s death while inside the church. They were leading a rehearsal for a concert to celebrate Antioch’s 57th anniversary. His father was playing the organ, and his mother was directing a choir when two of Mr. Crutcher’s sisters walked in and put their arms around the couple and broke the news. “I speak for the entirety of our city,” said Mayor Dewey F. Bartlett Jr. who is white and who has been praised by black leaders for helping to calm racial tensions. “To the Crutcher family, I am so very sorry. The sympathies of this community is with you. ” Mr. Crutcher had a record of   with law enforcement dating to the 1990s, including charges for public intoxication and resisting arrest, according to court and prison records. In 2007, he was sentenced to state prison after being convicted of trafficking in illegal drugs. He served nearly four years and was released on parole in 2011. Officials said the police discovered PCP in the front seat of his vehicle after he was shot. The drug, which is highly addictive and sometimes called angel dust, can cause hallucinations and paranoia. He told a woman who had called 911 to report the abandoned vehicle that he thought his S. U. V. was going to blow up. Some of those who knew him said Mr. Crutcher acknowledged his problems and turned to God for help. “I did a lot of talking with Terence,” said Barbara Shannon, pastor of New Heights Christian Center, which Mr. Crutcher attended for more than 25 years, adding, “And I said, ‘Yeah, you’re struggling. I know your struggles, baby. We all got struggles.’ ” She said, “I’m not commending Terence for his bad mistakes. I’m not commending me, either. But what I’m commending him for is that he owned up to it. He never stopped. He kept trying. He kept going. ”",0
6624,Obsolete 2016,"http://www.shtfplan.com/headline-news/you-will-soon-be-obsolete-plan-your-future-before-they-plan-it-for-you_10262016
Ok video, but not much solutions.",0
6625,Pictures: Crucifixion of Jesus Recreated In Annual Central London ’Passion Play’ Tradition,"A British Christian theatre group has staged their annual Passion Play in Trafalgar square, London, part of a tradition of Easter pageants in the United Kingdom depicting the final days of Christ going back hundreds of years. [Once a common feature of Holy Week celebrations in the United Kingdom, the Medieval tradition of Passion Plays has largely abided except in some villages and cities, and London, where the Wintershall players stage the Passion of Jesus before 20, 000 people in Trafalgar Square on Good Friday.   Sharing of bread and wine,  Roman soldiers, in authentic uniforms, make their entrance,   Pontus Pilate has made his decision,  Carrying the cross,   Crucifixion in central London,      Truly, He is Risen, All pictures by Rachel Megawhat   Breitbart London",0
6626,2 Federal Judges Rule Against Trump’s Latest Travel Ban - The New York Times,"A federal judge in Hawaii issued a nationwide order Wednesday evening blocking President Trump’s ban on travel from parts of the Muslim world, dealing a stinging blow to the White House and signaling that Mr. Trump will have to account in court for his heated rhetoric about Islam. A second federal judge in Maryland ruled against Mr. Trump overnight, with a separate order forbidding the core provision of the travel ban from going into effect. The rulings were a second major setback for Mr. Trump in his pursuit of a policy that he has trumpeted as critical for national security. His first attempt to sharply limit travel from a handful of predominantly Muslim countries ended in a courtroom fiasco last month, when a federal court in Seattle halted it. Mr. Trump issued a new and narrower travel ban, affecting six countries, on March 6, trying to satisfy the courts by removing some of the most contentious elements of the original version. But in a pointed decision that repeatedly invoked Mr. Trump’s public comments, Judge Derrick K. Watson, of Federal District Court in Honolulu, wrote that a “reasonable, objective observer” would view even the new order as “issued with a purpose to disfavor a particular religion, in spite of its stated, religiously neutral purpose. ” In Maryland, Judge Theodore D. Chuang echoed that conclusion hours later, ruling in a case brought by nonprofit groups that work with refugees and immigrants, that the likely purpose of the executive order was “the effectuation of the proposed Muslim ban” that Mr. Trump pledged to enact as a presidential candidate. Mr. Trump lashed out at Judge Watson during a   rally in Nashville late on Wednesday. Raising his voice to a hoarse shout, Mr. Trump accused the judge of ruling “for political reasons” and criticized the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, which upheld the earlier decision against his administration and will hear any appeal to the Hawaii ruling. “This ruling makes us look weak, which by the way we no longer are, believe me,” Mr. Trump said, to mounting cheers from a loyal crowd. Mr. Trump even said he might reissue the initial version of the order, rather than the one blocked on Wednesday, which he described as “a   version of the first one. ” After he signed the revised ban, Democratic attorneys general and nonprofit groups that work with immigrants and refugees raced back into court, claiming that Mr. Trump’s updated decree was still a thinly veiled version of the ban on Muslim migration that he proposed last year. Judge Watson, who was appointed by President Barack Obama, ruled that the State of Hawaii and an individual plaintiff, Ismail Elshikh, the imam of the Muslim Association of Hawaii, had reasonable grounds to challenge the order as religious discrimination. And he concluded that allowing the travel restrictions to go into effect at midnight, as scheduled, could have caused them irreparable harm. Judge Watson flatly rejected the government’s argument that a court would have to investigate Mr. Trump’s “veiled psyche” to deduce religious animus. He quoted extensively from the remarks by Mr. Trump that were cited in the lawsuit brought by Hawaii’s attorney general, Doug Chin. “For instance, there is nothing ‘veiled’ about this press release,” Judge Watson wrote, quoting a Trump campaign document titled “Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States. ” Judge Watson singled out Mr. Elshikh, an American citizen whose Syrian    had been pursuing a visa to enter the United States, as having an especially strong claim that the travel regulations would harm him on the basis of his religion. “This is a great day for democracy, religious and human rights,” Mr. Elshikh, who was out of the country, said in a message relayed through Hakim Ouansafi, the chairman of the Muslim Association of Hawaii. “I am very pleased that the processing of my   ’s paperwork will not stop now but more importantly that this Muslim ban will not separate families and loved ones just because they happen to be from the six countries. ” Mr. Elshikh, who is Egyptian and previously worked in Michigan, was recruited to the Hawaii mosque more than a decade ago, Mr. Ouansafi said. And when the association began recruiting someone to serve as a plaintiff, the imam, who became a citizen last year, agreed to do so without reservation, Mr. Ouansafi said. After he became the face of the lawsuit, he received several threats from the mainland, Mr. Ouansafi said. “If we lived in any other state, I would not have asked him to come forward,” he said. In the Maryland case, Judge Chuang, who was also appointed by Mr. Obama, declined to block the entire executive order from going into effect, but ruled that the most important section  —   banning travel from half a dozen countries  —   could not be enforced. His decision cited Mr. Trump’s public comments to conclude that there were “strong indications that the national security purpose is not the primary purpose for the travel ban,” and that Mr. Trump may have intended to violate the constitutional prohibition on religious preferences. In addition to the Hawaii and Maryland suits, a federal judge in Washington State heard arguments Wednesday in cases challenging the constitutionality of Mr. Trump’s order, including one brought by a coalition of Democratic attorneys general, and another by nonprofit groups. Administration lawyers have argued that the president was merely exercising his national security powers. In the scramble to defend the executive order, a single lawyer in the United States solicitor general’s office, Jeffrey Wall, argued first to a Maryland court and then, by phone, to Judge Watson in Honolulu that no element of the order, as written, could be construed as a religious test for travelers. Mr. Wall said the order was based on concerns raised by the Obama administration in its move toward stricter screening of travelers from the six countries affected. “What the order does is a step beyond what the previous administration did, but it’s on the same basis,” Mr. Wall said in the Maryland hearing. After Mr. Trump’s speech in Nashville, the Justice Department released a more muted statement disputing the Hawaii decision, calling it “flawed both in reasoning and scope. ” Sarah Isgur Flores, a spokeswoman for the department, said it would continue to defend the legality of the presidential order. Refugee organizations and civil rights groups greeted the Hawaii ruling with expressions of triumph and relief. Marielena Hincapié, executive director of the National Immigration Law Center, one of the groups that sued Mr. Trump in Maryland, hailed Judge Watson’s ruling as “a strong and unequivocal rejection of the politics of hate. ” At the same time, advocates for refugees and immigrants acknowledged that significant uncertainty would hang over some of their more practical decisions, as a longer legal process plays out around Mr. Trump’s order. “It’s a preliminary decision, but it recognizes that there continue to be problems with the constitutionality of this revised order, particularly with discriminatory intent toward Muslims,” said Betsy Fisher, policy director at the International Refugee Assistance Project at the Urban Justice Center. The original ban, released on Jan. 27, unleashed scenes of chaos at American airports and spurred mass protests. Issued abruptly on a Friday afternoon, it temporarily barred travel from seven   nations, making no explicit distinction between citizens of those countries who already had green cards or visas and those who did not. It also suggested that Christian refugees from those countries would be given preference in the future. After the federal court in Seattle issued a broad injunction against the policy, Mr. Trump removed major provisions and reissued the order. The new version exempted key groups, like green card and visa holders, and dropped the section that would have given Christians special treatment. Mr. Trump also removed Iraq from the list of countries covered by the ban after the Pentagon expressed worry that it would damage the United States’ relationship with the Iraqi government in the fight against the Islamic State. Yet those concessions did not placate critics of the ban, who said it would still function as an unconstitutional religious test, albeit one affecting fewer people  —   an argument Judge Watson concurred with in his ruling. The lawsuits have also claimed that the order disrupts the operations of companies, charities, public universities and hospitals that have deep relationships overseas. In the Hawaii case, nearly five dozen technology companies, including Airbnb, Dropbox, Lyft and TripAdvisor, joined in a brief objecting to the travel ban. The second,   executive order preserved major components of the original. It would have ended, with few exceptions, the granting of new visas and green cards to people from six   countries  —   Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen  —   for at least 90 days. It would have also stopped all refugees from entering for 120 days and limited refugee admissions to 50, 000 people in the current fiscal year. Mr. Obama had set in motion plans to admit more than twice that number. Mr. Trump has said the pause is needed to   screening procedures for immigrants from the six countries. “Each of these countries is a state sponsor of terrorism, has been significantly compromised by terrorist organizations, or contains active conflict zones,” he wrote in the order. The two court orders were not a final ruling on the constitutionality of Mr. Trump’s ban, and the administration has expressed confidence that courts will ultimately affirm Mr. Trump’s power to issue the restrictions. But the legal debate is likely to be a protracted and unusually personal fight for the administration, touching Mr. Trump and a number of his key aides directly and raising the prospect that their public comments and private communications will be scrutinized. The lawsuits against the ban have extensively cited Mr. Trump’s comments during the presidential campaign. Attorney General Bob Ferguson of Washington, who successfully challenged Mr. Trump’s first order, has indicated that in an extended legal fight, he could seek depositions from administration officials and request documents that would expose the full process by which Trump aides crafted the ban. As a candidate, Mr. Trump first proposed to bar all Muslims from entering the United States, and then offered an alternative plan to ban travel from a number of Muslim countries, which he described as a politically acceptable way of achieving the same goal. The lawsuits also cited Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York City mayor who advises Mr. Trump. Mr. Giuliani said he had been asked to help craft a Muslim ban that would pass legal muster. And they highlighted comments by Stephen Miller, an adviser to the president, who cast the changes to Mr. Trump’s first travel ban as mere technical adjustments aimed at ushering the same policy past the review of a court.",0
6627,Medicare and Social Security Trustees Warn of Shortfalls - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Obama administration said Wednesday that the financial outlook for Medicare’s hospital insurance trust fund had deteriorated slightly in the last year and that Social Security still faced serious   financial problems. The report, from the trustees of the two programs, could inject a note of fiscal reality into a presidential campaign that has given scant attention to the government’s fiscal challenges as the population ages. Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, has proposed increasing Social Security benefits and allowing people age 55 to 64 to “buy into” Medicare, while Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, has repeatedly said he would not cut either program. Under existing law, the trustees said Wednesday, Medicare’s hospital trust fund would be depleted in 2028, two years earlier than projected in last year’s report. In addition, they said, the Social Security trust funds for   benefits and disability insurance, taken together, could be depleted in 2034, the same year projected in last year’s report. Tax collections would then be sufficient to pay about   of promised benefits through 2090, they said. Social Security and Medicare account for about 40 percent of all federal spending. Obama administration officials often say the Affordable Care Act has slowed the growth of health spending, compared with estimates made just before the law was adopted in 2010. But the trustees said Wednesday that the   financial outlook for Medicare had worsened in the last year because of changes in their assumptions and expectations. Medicare actuaries now expect higher use of inpatient hospital services, as well as lower projected improvements in workers’ productivity and lower payroll tax revenue, as a result of slower growth in wages in the next few years. In their report, the trustees  —   four administration officials  —   said that the costs of Medicare and Social Security would grow faster than the economy through the   because of the aging of the baby boom generation. As for Medicare, they said, “growth in expenditures per beneficiary exceeds growth in per capita gross domestic product over this time period. ” The projected growth in Medicare spending will not immediately set off automatic cuts in the program under a controversial provision of the Affordable Care Act that generally requires such cuts when spending is expected to exceed certain benchmarks. However, such cuts could be required in a few years under the trustees’ forecast. Under current projections, they said, the automatic cuts could take effect for the first time in 2019. Medicare now spends an average of nearly $13, 000 per beneficiary, and this figure is expected to exceed $16, 000 in five years, the report said. “  drugs are a major driver of Medicare spending growth,” said Andrew M. Slavitt, the acting administrator of the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Such projections in years past have prompted leaders in both parties to at least broach the idea of benefit cuts or tax increases for entitlement programs. By contrast, President Obama said in Elkhart, Ind. this month that Social Security should be made “more generous,” and that “we could start paying for it by asking the wealthiest Americans to contribute a little bit more. ” Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew said Wednesday that he saw no contradiction there. The two objectives  —   ensuring the solvency of Social Security and increasing benefits  —   are “not at all inconsistent” if they are discussed in the context of “a broader conversation” about taxes and benefits, he said. The report predicts that Social Security will provide a modest    adjustment, increasing benefits by   of 1 percent next year. But, it warned of a “substantial increase” in Medicare premiums in 2017 for about 30 percent of beneficiaries. Under assumptions in the report, the standard premium, now $121. 80 a month, would rise to $149, and the change could be announced just weeks before Election Day on Nov. 8. Congress took action last year to shore up Social Security’s disability insurance trust fund, but the report says the legislation was a   fix. The law postponed the projected depletion of the disability trust fund by seven years, to 2023, Mr. Lew said. Like other Democrats, Mr. Lew said the report showed the “positive impact” of the Affordable Care Act. Since the health law was signed, he said, “increases in health care costs have slowed substantially. ” Carolyn W. Colvin, the acting commissioner of Social Security, said Americans should begin a serious discussion of how to close the “future financing gap” in Social Security. Sixty million people now receive Social Security benefits totaling more than $74 billion each month. The number of Social Security beneficiaries is expected to reach 76 million by 2025.",0
6628,"Putin: ‘America is a great nation, not some banana republic. Correct me if I’m wrong’","The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VNN, VNN authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians or   and its assigns. Notices Posted by VNN on November 2, 2016, With 0 Reads, Filed under Africa , Asia , Australia & Oceana , Europe , North America , South America , World . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can leave a response or trackback to this entry FaceBook Comments One Response to "" Putin: ‘America is a great nation, not some banana republic. Correct me if I’m wrong’ "" Debbie Menon November 2, 2016 at 4:40 pm 
Trump: At the Third debate: Now we can talk about Putin. I don’t know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her (Hillary). He has no respect for our president. 
She (Hillary) doesn’t like Putin because Putin has outsmarted her at every step of the way.﻿ 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT",0
6629,‘The Angry Birds Movie’ Nests Atop the Box Office - The New York Times,"An omnipresent,   marketing campaign propelled “The Angry Birds Movie” to No. 1 at the North American box office over the weekend, giving Sony Pictures an important feather for its frayed cap. “Angry Birds,” based on a 2009 mobile game that became a   craze, sold an estimated $39 million in tickets, on the high end of prerelease analyst expectations. The   movie, which received mediocre reviews, has generated an additional $111 million overseas. “Taking a video game and bringing it to life as a film brand is a very difficult thing to do, and we’re thrilled to have launched a new franchise,” Josh Greenstein, Sony’s president of worldwide marketing and distribution, said by phone on Sunday. Most of the “Angry Birds” financial risk fell to Rovio, the Finnish video game company, which paid $173 million to make and market the movie. As such, Rovio will receive the bulk of any profit. Sony, working hard to move beyond a prolonged   rough patch, distributed “Angry Birds” in return for an 8 percent slice of ticket sales. Rovio also paid Sony Pictures Imageworks to animate the film. “Captain America: Civil War” (Disney) fell to second place, taking in about $33. 1 million, for a   domestic total of $347. 4 million, according to comScore, which compiles   data. “Civil War” has collected an additional $706. 1 million overseas. Despite receiving good reviews, “Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising” (Universal) fizzled in third place, collecting an estimated $21. 8 million, or 55 percent less than its series predecessor generated upon its 2014 arrival. Comedy sequels often falter, although the   “Sorority Rising,” which cost about $35 million to make, seemed ready to break that curse. For whatever reason  —   the story line, a crowded marketplace  —   fans did not buy in. Similarly disappointing was “The Nice Guys” (Warner Bros.) an action comedy set in the 1970s that cost a reported $50 million to make. Starring Ryan Gosling and Russell Crowe, “The Nice Guys” took in $11. 3 million. Funding for the film was raised by the producer Joel Silver Warner then bought domestic distribution rights.",0
6630,Poll: How Millennials View BLM and the Alt-Right,"Poll: How Millennials View BLM and the Alt-Right Susan Page and Karina Shedrofsky, USA Today, October 31, 2016 
Most Millennials have a positive view of the Black Lives Matter movement, a USA TODAY/Rock the Vote Millennial Poll finds, but attitudes are more mixed about the less well-known alt-right. 
In the survey of Americans 18 to 34 years old, 58% say they have a favorable opinion about Black Lives Matter, an activist movement that grew from protests over the shooting deaths of unarmed African Americans. Among blacks, an overwhelming 81% have a favorable view, including 50% who are “very favorable.” Just 14% of blacks have an unfavorable opinion. 
Whites have a positive impression of the movement by 53%-39%, Hispanics by 64%-31%, and Asian Americans by 54%-40%. 
{snip} 
The online poll of 1,299 young adults, including an over-sample of minorities, was taken Oct. 21-24 by Ipsos Public Affairs. {snip} 
The alt-right movement, which includes groups on the far right, has gained attention recently because of the support for Donald Trump by some white supremacists and anti-Semites. But it is much less well-known among Millennials. Nearly half of those surveyed, 45%, say they don’t know enough about the alt-right to have an opinion of it, compared with just 8% who say that of Black Lives Matter. 
Among those who express an opinion, 34% say they have a favorable opinion of the alt-right, 21% an unfavorable one. 
Among whites, the favorable-unfavorable divide is 33%-19%. Among African Americans, it is 31%-27%. Among Hispanics, 46%-23%. Among Asian Americans, 37%-23%. 
{snip}",0
6631,"Senate Votes to Keep Gun Proposal Alive, but in Limbo - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The Senate voted on Thursday to keep a proposal to block gun sales to terrorism suspects alive, but placed it in a procedural limbo that made its adoption unlikely anytime soon. The compromise measure, drafted by Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, had emerged as the one piece of legislation since the mass shooting in Orlando, Fla. with a chance of winning bipartisan support and passage in Congress. The measure, which had been in danger of failing because of Republican opposition, would block gun sales to anyone on the government’s   list or the   “selectee” list of people subjected to heightened screening before they are allowed to board a plane. Republican leaders, however, had expressed deep misgivings about the bill because they said it would deny due process to individuals who might have ended up on the lists without just cause. That left them in a quandary of how to stall the measure without allowing Democrats to gloat that Republicans were so opposed to tighter gun restrictions that they defeated even a bill offered by a member of their own party. The solution was a procedural maneuver by which the majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, scheduled the bill for a vote on a motion to table it. By voting not to table it, Republicans could keep it alive without advancing or defeating it outright  —   putting it in a sort of legislative purgatory. Supporters of the measure sought to preserve some hope, but it was a reach. “It is absolutely not dead,” said Senator Heidi Heitkamp, Democrat of North Dakota, who was a main partner with Ms. Collins in drafting the proposal and selling it to Democrats. But asked whether the measure was still alive, Ms. Heitkamp was less certain. “Well, we’ll see,” she replied.",0
6632,Loretta Lynch takes on 'killer cops' -- except in D.C.,"Print 
Have you ever noticed how Washington always has a plan to solve everybody’s problem – except their own? 
For the federal government, it’s always easy and tempting to look at problems – real or imagined – outside of the beltway and solve them from afar. 
You will recall, of course, how former Attorney General Eric Holder was going to stop police shootings all over America with sensitivity training, the power and force of the federal government and investigations, investigations and more investigations. 
Now Loretta Lynch, his successor, also known as Hillary Clinton’s guardian angel, is set to turn police shootings throughout America into big business and more power for Washington. 
Her latest pet project is assembling a national database on “interactions between law enforcement and civilians,” she reported this month. 
“Accurate and comprehensive data on the use of force by law enforcement is essential to an informed and productive discussion about community-police relations,” Lynch said. “In the days ahead, the Department of Justice will continue to work alongside our local, state, tribal and federal partners to ensure that we put in place a system to collect data that is comprehensive, useful, and responsive to the needs of the communities we serve.” 
The irony here is thick, indeed. 
One of Lynch’s goals, she says, is to get law enforcement agencies to report more thoroughly about people who died during an interaction with them. 
Meanwhile, Lynch presides over the most egregious cover-up of the most outrageous police shooting case I have ever seen in my life – namely the killing of Miriam Carey, a young black mother with baby in tow, who was gunned down by Washington cops and Secret Service agents for a wrong turn in the nation’s capital. 
Lynch wants reports? 
So does WND, which has been pursuing the information through Freedom of Information Act requests and finally, after being stonewalled for years, a lawsuit. 
So does the public and the family of Miriam Carey. Unfortunately, Lynch is holding back on a few things: Missing Evidence The 92-page memo with findings, analysis of evidence and conclusions in the Carey shooting investigation. This would show the evidence and reasoning that led the Department of Justice to decline to file criminal charges against officers. Why they considered this a justifiable homicide – or whether they should have, based on the evidence. Why officers used deadly force. Whether officers followed or violated the policy of their agencies. Video of shooting at Capitol Police guard post at intersection of Constitution Ave., Maryland Ave. and 2nd Street. Only stills have been released. Video would show more clearly if officer’s life actually was in danger, as DOJ claimed, when he fired fatal shot to Carey’s head. Not one of the five witnesses at the scene said Carey was driving at the officer, as the DOJ claimed. Police statements The police report said four officers fired shots at Carey, two from the Capitol Police and two from the Secret Service. Not one statement from those officers was in the report. Their names were also redacted. Redacted information An attorney in the Washington, D.C., mayor’s office said the only redactions were names, in order to protect privacy. It turned out much more was redacted than names. The report was riddled with blacked-out sections and missing information. 12 pages in the report were entirely blacked out. 15 pages were mostly blacked out. 22 pages were partially blacked out. Some of the blacked-out pages just included a heading marked “Evidence.” Some just had a date. Witness statements An astonishing 38 witness accounts are missing from the police report. The police report stated: “There were seventy-two (72) witnesses interviewed regarding this incident and their statements were captured by audio and/or video recordings. Copies of the aforementioned recordings were turned over to the USAO for review. Copies of the aforementioned audio and video recordings are stored in the main case file at the Technical Support Unit (TSU) located at the IAD.” Of those 72 witness statements, only 34 were in the materials provided to WND, leaving 38 missing. Statement transcripts None of the actual transcripts of interviews in the witnesses’ own words were provided, just paraphrased versions in what the former NYPD officer Sanders described as “cop talk.” White House guard post video Stills were released but not the video. It would show whether anyone was manning the post when Carey drove up; whether she tried to drive around the off-duty guard who dragged a gate in front of her; and whether she sped off, or left at a normal speed, as a witness said. Police radio recordings No recordings or transcripts of radio transmissions during the pursuit and shooting of Carey were provided in the FOIA material. Also not provided were transcripts of computer transmissions (instant messaging) between squad cars and police headquarters. Ballistics and forensics reports The Justice Department Washington Metro Police Department responses to FOIA requests did not include a ballistics or a forensics report. 
I could go on and on. For people who want facts and reports, the U.S. Justice Department under both Holder and Lynch have a strong propensity for not willingly releasing the facts and reports to the public or the press. 
We’ve been at this for a long time – years. Yet the stonewall and cover-up of a horrendous, unjustifiable, outrageous police shooting right in their own jurisdiction and backyard continues. 
Do we really expect Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch to find justice for police shooting victims outside of their own jurisdiction with a track record like that? 
Media wishing to interview Joseph Farah, please contact . Receive Joseph Farah's daily commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Joseph Farah’s alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *",0
6633,I'm so tired of all these psychotics babbling anti Trump Propaganda,"I'm so tired of all these psychotics babbling anti Trump Propaganda Fucking libtards are completely brainless.I don't like Trump. Never have. Never watched The Apprentice. Turned the channel every time he came on TV. He was like the Khardashians to me. Crass commercialism by a person who was neither talented nor interesting. But. I am sick of all this insane Bullshit. 1. He is not a racist. He has been a public figure for 50 freaking years and nobody ever said that until he runs for President. And we know that they call every Republican racist. So why the fuck are you repeating, it you brainless fucktard? Don't you know propaganda when you hear it?- building a wall and saying SOME Mexicans are criminals IS NOT RACIST. Some Mexicans are criminals. Just look at the Federal Prison stats, idiot.- saying we must ban Muslims UNTIL WE KNOW WHO THEY ARE AND WHY THEY ARE HERE is not racist. There are assholes walking into malls in Minneapolis now screaming 'Allah Ahkbar' as they stab my fellow Americans. They BLEW UP THE FUCKING BOSTON MARATHON. So take that 'Islamaphobia' propaganda and shove it up your fucking ass. - saying 'the mexican judge' who keeps ruling against me in a lawsuit is biased is not racist. The Fucker is part of LaRaza. The law firm that brought the suit is sending other La Raza lawyers into the court to try the case. That is a conflict of interest. And I don't care if the guy was born in fucking Illinois. There are all kind of guys I know, he was born in NY. He is still 'Irish' to me because his family was. Or 'Italian'. Or 'A Jew'. It's just a shorthand, especially used a lot by New Yorkers because everyone is something. 2. The sexual harassment crap is bullshit. The guy has been running for President for over a year. Not a tweet. Not a chirp. Then he whacks that fucking fat-ass midget with the mean streak and the history of documented lying who covered for her whore hopping scumbag husband for 30 years with it all, and suddenly Gloria Allred, A CLINTON DELEGATE TO THE DNC CONVENTION, starts popping up people from left field to make spurious claims out of the ass while CNN, run by MAJOR CLINTON SUPPORTER Zucker, shills for the whole thing. What are you fucking stupid eating that bullshit? You look like an idiot.3. Nuclear Codes. What a bunch of shit. First, Hillary is an old ill woman who has seizures, can't stand up, can't hear, and when she testifies before Congress claims she can't remember anything that happened. So....you are worried about Trump with the Nuclear Codes?Oh, yah, and she was Sect. of State exactly while the US policy in the Middle East went to shit, created ISIS and directly caused the greatest Human disaster since World War II which is now threatening to spread terrrorists all over Europe and the US. AND SHE IS COMPLETELY CLUELESS ABOUT IT. She will tell you that we need to be kind and nice to the religion of peace OR it will Cause Terrorism. Oh Ya? Well Obama did it your way...AND NOW PEOPLE ARE WALKING INTO MALLS IN MINNESOTA SCREAMING 'ALLAH AHKBAR' AS THEY STAB MY FELLOW AMERICANS.So, beside that what do we have? Your propaganda masters used to claim that the Republicans were all anti-gay christian bigots. Well, OBVIOUSLY NOT TRUMP. He is from New York. He bangs models. He used to hangout at Studio 54 in the coke and gay days. He knew Andy Warhol. Guy is middle of the road. Guy went to the Wharton School and has testified before Congress about Money Supply, Credit and Economics. Guy will fill his cabinet with the best people and run things like a CEO. Guy seems to care about Veteran Issues, Social Security and the safety net, healthcare. All the things you fugging libtards are usually all inflamed about. You are like Pavlov's dogs, sitting up on your hinds and barking on commands because your liberal propaganda masters tell you to. You are pathetic. You suck. You are a monumental asshole. Last Edited by Craazee8 on 10/26/2016 02:04 PM",0
6634,How an American Ended Up Accused of Aiding ISIS With Gift Cards - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The F. B. I. had a job offer for Nick Young, a veteran Washington transit officer: Become an undercover informant for the bureau and gather information at local mosques on fellow Muslims who might pose a terrorism threat. The clandestine work would be “a lot sexier” than his current job, Mr. Young remembered an agent named Ryan telling him. And it could pay him a lot of money if the intelligence was good. Mr. Young turned him down. But it would not be the last time he would see the F. B. I. agent. Last August, five years later, Mr. Young was summoned to the headquarters of the transit agency, Metro, where Ryan and other agents were waiting for him. “You probably don’t recognize me, do you?” Ryan, whose beard was now thicker, asked him. “Oh, I recognize you,” Mr. Young said. This time, the agent handcuffed Mr. Young on a charge of supporting the Islamic State  —   a case built, in a twist, by an informant who posed as a   terrorist fighter. The prosecution of Mr. Young, the only law enforcement officer among more than 100 Americans who have been accused of helping the Islamic State, offers a revealing look at the F. B. I. ’s shadowy    efforts to identify possible Islamic extremists. President Trump has vowed to intensify the effort as part of a campaign to “annihilate” the militant group. Mr. Young’s case also poses a challenge to the F. B. I. ’s expanding use of undercover operations to identify Islamic State sympathizers inside the United States who might travel overseas to help the terrorist group or commit “lone wolf” attacks at home. His lawyer claims that the F. B. I. entrapped him, with undercover operatives popping in and out of his life for at least six years. To law enforcement officials, however, Mr. Young represents one of their worst fears: a longtime officer, with access to sensitive facilities, who they suspect was “radicalized” to support Islamic extremism. He is charged with providing “material support” to the Islamic State, in the form of $245 worth of Google Play gift cards. The authorities say he gave the gift cards to a Muslim friend named Mo  —   in reality, an undercover informant  —   to support recruitment for the terrorist group. Before now, very few American suspects linked to the Islamic State have spoken out. But in three and a half hours of interviews from jail, Mr. Young, a convert to Islam, portrayed himself and many other American Muslims under investigation as victims of religious persecution. He accused an “overzealous” F. B. I. of “manufacturing” the case. “I know for sure I wouldn’t have been targeted if I was an evangelic Christian or a Sikh or a Hindu or something,” said Mr. Young, 37. “I’m not a terrorist,” he added. “Seeing these horrible allegations and the way they’re trying to paint me, it’s just a nightmare. ” Officials at the F. B. I. and the Justice Department declined to comment on the case. In general, the F. B. I. said in a statement, the investigative techniques used in such national security cases “are subject to vigorous oversight and require us to use the least intrusive means possible. ” The F. B. I. has moved aggressively since the rise of the Islamic State in 2014 to identify suspected extremist supporters inside the United States, opening hundreds of investigations and generating convictions from Brooklyn to Southern California, often against young Muslim men. Mr. Trump has declared that the country must do more to confront what he calls “radical Islamic terrorism,” including the possibility of expanding surveillance and intelligence operations, creating a “registry” of American Muslims, and reviving torture as an interrogation technique. While Mr. Trump has sent mixed signals on some of those proposals, they have worried some civil liberties advocates, who say they are eager to see whether the Justice Department and the F. B. I. seek to expand their investigative powers still further in domestic terrorism cases. Mr. Young sees himself as a pawn in that broader fight. He acknowledges holding passionate views about the Middle East and the “slaughter” of Syrians by the government of President Bashar  . On breaks from the transit agency, Mr. Young traveled to Libya twice in 2011 with body armor to join rebels fighting the Qaddafi regime. “I didn’t kill anyone while I was there,” he said, laughing, but “I got shot at a lot. ” He insisted that he had never supported terrorists. He plans to take the witness stand at his trial, an unusual tactic for a terrorism suspect. “Nick doesn’t have anything to hide,” said Nicholas D. Smith, one of his lawyers. As he waits for his trial date, he sits in a rural jail in Warsaw, Va. reading science fiction occasionally, with “The Jerry Springer Show” sometimes playing on a television in the background. “My brain’s turning to mush,” he said. He said the jail had denied him access to Muslim prayer sessions. But the conditions are far better, he added, than the solitary confinement he was placed in for 23 hours a day for months after his arrest. That ordeal, he said, has caused lingering panic attacks and other problems. Unlike the bulk of the Americans charged with supporting the Islamic State, Mr. Young is not accused of plotting violence or trying to travel to the Middle East to fight with the group. He said he was under investigation for so long, it was almost inevitable that the authorities would find a way to charge him. “At the end of the day, the crime I’m being accused of  —   a crime of sending gift cards  —   it would be laughable if it wasn’t really happening,” Mr. Young said. He declined to explain the gift cards, citing a pretrial order that restricts what he can say about documents in the case. But he said his explanation would come out at his trial. Since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, dozens of terrorism defendants caught in undercover stings have claimed in court that they were illegally entrapped into saying or doing incriminating things. None have succeeded. Judges have given the Justice Department wide latitude in using undercover stings in terrorism cases. “You almost need a perfect case” to prove entrapment, said Seamus Hughes, a terrorism expert at George Washington University’s Program on Extremism, “and that’s difficult to find. ” Still, several legal analysts said Mr. Young might have a legitimate shot, because of the unusual elements of the F. B. I. ’s yearslong undercover investigation. They point out that even an    charge that Mr. Young faces is based on his statements to agents about a fictional F. B. I. investigation into the whereabouts of a   Islamic State fighter who never existed. Mr. Young apparently first came onto the F. B. I. ’s radar around 2010 because he knew a fellow student at George Mason University, Zachary A. Chesser, who, like him, was a white convert to Islam from Northern Virginia and attended the same mosque. The F. B. I. interviewed Mr. Young that year as part of an investigation into Mr. Chesser, who ultimately pleaded guilty to   charges after he was accused of threatening the creators of “South Park” over the show’s depiction of the Prophet Muhammad. Mr. Young does not appear to have been an F. B. I. target at the time, even as undercover informants began giving the bureau reports about the activities of him and some of his associates. He continued working as an armed officer patrolling   subways and bus lines. He said F. B. I. agents  —   Ryan and a second agent  —   had met with him twice in 2011 to recruit him as an informant. Mr. Young said he found the idea of becoming an informant distasteful. The F. B. I. said in a court affidavit that he had used stronger language in a conversation with one of the bureau’s undercover informants, saying that if he were ever betrayed by one, “that person’s head would be in a cinder block” at the bottom of a lake. Based on wiretaps and statements from informants, the F. B. I. reported that Mr. Young had made a number of other incendiary and perhaps even threatening comments over the years about Muslim informants, F. B. I. investigators and “kaffirs”  —   or nonbelievers. Mr. Young acknowledged that he could have used “a little  ” in some of his private remarks. But he said he had never meant them to be taken literally. “Everyone’s capable of saying stupid, blustery things,” said Mr. Smith, his lawyer. Some F. B. I. officials pressed to bring criminal charges against Mr. Young years ago, but the Justice Department rebuffed them because of an apparent lack of evidence that he was involved in supporting terrorism, according to law enforcement officials. It was not until 2014 that Mr. Young crossed the line into supporting terrorism, the Justice Department now alleges. That was when he first met Mo, a Middle Easterner who said he was a military reservist, at a mosque where he prayed. Mr. Young said he had suspected early on that Mo might be an informant because of his strange mannerisms. But his concerns eased, and the two became friends, meeting at a Starbucks or elsewhere. Mo later told Mr. Young that he was thinking of traveling to Syria to join the Islamic State, prosecutors said. While Mr. Young sometimes appeared to offer Mo advice on how best to avoid government scrutiny if he went to the Middle East, he also told him at times that he did not need to join the terrorist group  —   at least not then, according to the F. B. I. ’s account. “There is no one with a gun to your head that is counting down,” he told Mo in a conversation recorded in October 2014. Such statements, said Mr. Smith, his lawyer, show that “the government is really grasping at straws here. ” Prosecutors are acting on “really more of a hunch that he might commit crimes in the future,” he said, “and they can’t prove it. ”",0
6635,BREAKING: Oregon Standoff Leaders Acquitted For Malheur Wildlife Refuge Takeover,"
by Jay Syrmopoulos
Portland, OR – The group of men who seized the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, in rural Oregon were found not guilty late Thursday, vindicating brothers Ammon and Ryan Bundy after the 41-day standoff that brought nationwide focus to long-running dispute over federal control of rural land in the Western United States.
 
According to a report in by the Associated Press :
 
A jury found brothers Ammon and Ryan Bundy not guilty a firearm in a federal facility and conspiring to impede federal workers from their jobs at the 300 miles southeast of Portland where the trial took place. Five co-defendants also were tried one or both of the charges. Ammon Bundy has a house in Emmett.
Despite the acquittal, the Bundys were expected to stand trial in Nevada early next year on charges stemming from another high-profile standoff with federal agents. Authorities rounding up cattle at their father Cliven Bundy’s ranch in 2014 because of unpaid grazing fees released the animals as they faced armed protesters.
 
The Bundy family initially made headlines in 2013 when the Bureau of Land Management brought armed agents in to seize rancher Cliven Bundy’s cattle after his refusal to pay federal authorities a massive debt – which he claims is illegitimate.
 
In response to the militarized response in Nevada by the BLM, militia from across the U.S. mobilized and coordinated a response which saw hundreds of armed Americans stand up to what they perceived as vast federal overreach.
 
What the government thought would be an open-and-shut case was anything but. The group never denied they seized the refuge while armed or that they made demands of the government.
 
“Ladies and gentlemen, this case is not a whodunit,” Assistant U.S. Attorney Ethan Knight said in his closing argument, making the argument the group illegally commandeered a federal building.
 
The AP reports:
 
On technical grounds, the defendants said they never discussed stopping individual workers from accessing their offices but merely wanted the land and the buildings. On emotional grounds, Ammon Bundy and other defendants argued that the takeover was an act of civil disobedience against an out-of-control federal government that has crippled the rural West.
Federal prosecutors took two weeks to present their case, finishing with a display of more than 30 guns seized after the standoff. An FBI agent testified that 16,636 live rounds and nearly 1,700 spent casings were found.
 
Ammon Bundy spent three days testifying in his own defense, focusing on the fact that federal overreach is destroying rural Western communities that have relied on the land — for generations in many cases. Bundy made clear that the plan was to simply take control of the refuge by occupation, while eventually returning it to local control.
 
Originally, 26 occupiers were charged with conspiracy. Eleven pleaded guilty, while another had the charge dropped. Seven defendants have not yet been tried. Their trial is scheduled to begin February 14, according to the AP.
 
Shortly after the verdict was announced, an Oregon-area reporter posted to Twitter that Ammon Bundy’s attorney Marcus Mumford was tackled by U.S. Marshals after insisting that Bundy should be allowed to be released from custody, with the judge subsequently ordering the courtroom cleared.
 
The armed occupiers took control of the remote bird sanctuary on January 2, in response to the prison sentences given to two local ranchers, Dwight and Steven Hammond, after being convicted of arson in relation to an ongoing dispute with the BLM. Upon occupying the refuge the group demanded that the father and son be freed and that federal officials cede control of publicly held lands to local control.
 
Ultimately, the Bundy brothers and a number of their fellow occupiers were arrested in an ambush style attack, while on the way to negotiate with a Sheriff. It ended with officers gunning down Robert “LaVoy” Finnicum – a charismatic group spokesman. Currently, numerous federal SRT agents are under investigation for lying about firing at the occupiers’ vehicle during the ambush.
 
The majority of the remaining occupants left the refuge in the wake of Finnicum’s killing, with four holdouts negotiating their surrender until February 11.
 
In the wake of the verdict, both the FBI and U.S. Attorney’s Office also expressed disappointment.
 
U.S. Attorney Billy J. Williams said his office “respects the verdict of the jury and thanks them for their dedicated service during this long and difficult trial.”
 
“For many weeks, hundreds of law enforcement officers — federal, state, and local — worked around-the-clock to resolve the armed occupation at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge peacefully. We believe now — as we did then — that protecting and defending this nation through rigorous obedience to the U.S. Constitution is our most important responsibility. Although we are extremely disappointed in the verdict, we respect the court and the role of the jury in the American judicial system.” – Greg Bretzing, Special Agent in Charge, FBI Oregon 
 
Regardless of the sentiments of those in government and law enforcement, the jury carried out justice — with this verdict solidifying that the killing of LaVoy Finnicum was nothing less than criminal .
 
Revealing exactly why the 2nd Amendment is so important to a free people, Bundy testified that the reason occupiers chose to carry guns was because they understood that they would be immediately arrested otherwise and needed to protect themselves against possible government violence.
 
There is no mistaking the difference in law enforcement’s response to unarmed protestors — versus those that exercise their right to bear arms. One need look no further than the ongoing protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline at Standing Rock – which has been met with numerous militarized and violent crackdowns on non-violent water protectors – to see exactly how differently armed protestors are treated. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Free Thought Project of thefreethoughtproject.com . 
The Free Thought Project is dedicated to holding those who claim authority over our lives accountable. ",0
6636,Draw Down Continues: Kellogg’s Laying Off 200 in Minnesota,"The boom has fallen on another 216 employees of cereal giant Kellogg Company with workers in Minnesota being handed pink slips at a snack food manufacturing facility. [Up to 216 workers at the Kellogg plant in Vadnais Heights, Minnesota, were notified last week that their jobs were on the chopping block as part of the company’s plan to reverse its financial freefall, according to CBS news.  Jeremy Hanson Willis, deputy commissioner of Minnesota’s Department of Employment and Economic Development, told the media that he received the company’s notification satisfying a federal mandate to alert state authorities when a mass layoff is occurring. Willis tried to put a brave face on it insisting the laid off workers will be fine. “There are a lot of businesses around the state looking for workers and having a hard time to employ them because we have so few unemployed folks in our state,” Willis told the media. A Kellogg’s spokesman admitted that the layoffs were part of the company’s effort to retool. Joe Lierz, Kellogg’s director of labor relations, told the StarTribune that the layoffs were “directly related” to the company’s   plan. He added that the Minnesota job loss “is one in a series” of layoff announcements coming across the country. The layoffs in Minnesota came on the heels of layoffs at Kellogg’s plants and distribution centers in New York, Michigan, and other states. The   plan was a result of the $53 million   loss reported by the cereal maker and is expected to include the closure of 39 distribution centers affecting roughly 1, 100 workers across the country. The cereal giant’s financial troubles coincided with its decision to cut its advertising with Breitbart News at the end of 2016, thereby snubbing Breitbart’s 45, 000, 000 readers. In November, Kellogg’s announced that Breitbart News’s conservative readers are not “aligned with our values as a company. ” While the decision by Kellogg’s to cease advertising made virtually no revenue impact on Breitbart. com, it did represent an escalation in the war by companies like Target and Allstate against conservative customers whose values propelled Donald Trump into the White House. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
6637,"’For Honor’ Review: There Are Dents in the Armor, But This Medieval Brawler Still Strikes True - Breitbart","For Honor is a simultaneously rewarding and frustrating experience, innovatively blending   multiplayer design with fighting game mechanics but unfortunately held back from its full potential by technical issues.[  For Honor is a medieval melee combat brawler, pitting Knights, Samurai, and Vikings against each other in a   war. If the premise sounds ridiculous, that’s because it is. The game’s singleplayer story never explains why these forces exist together in such close proximity, and the plot as a whole is somewhat cliched, with the game’s sinister antagonist pulling the strings behind the scenes without any real motivation ever explained for her machinations. Overall, it probably won’t detract from most players’ fun in getting to fill the boots of three legendary warrior factions, but a stronger narrative would have enhanced the singleplayer campaign. The narrative isn’t helped by the fact that nearly every character in the game’s face is obscured by armor that they never remove, leaving them feeling less like human characters and more just a collection of bots distinguishable only by their helmets. The sometimes lackluster enemy AI and routine level design in several missions only reinforces the feeling of For Honor‘s singleplayer campaign existing mostly as an   tutorial for the game’s multiplayer. There are a few memorable moments, and the latter half of the Viking campaign features some creative mission design and set pieces, but these moments come in the middle of the game’s narrative, with the content preceding and following it feeling forgettable in comparison. The enemy AI is similarly unimpressive at times, as multiple enemies will often just stand around and watch you fight their allies without jumping into the fight on some difficulties. Enemies also overly rely on constantly blocking and waiting to lay into you with parries and counters following your own attacks, especially during boss fights.  Thankfully, whatever missteps there are in the story and mission design are for the most part covered up by the fantastic gameplay of For Honor. The combat itself is mechanically like a traditional fighting game, relying heavily on counters, chain attacks, guard breaks, and throws, while also mixing things up with abilities for some classes that apply debuffs to enemies. The game allows you to choose between a number of Feats to equip two of in each mission that act as either passive bonuses or temporary boosts on a cooldown, but because of the turtling nature of enemies, I found the most effective combo was to take one ability that allowed me to heal myself and another to make my attacks unblockable for a short period of time. None of the other options seemed nearly as beneficial to give up either of those abilities. Still, for the most part, I enjoyed For Honor‘s singleplayer campaign. It’s brainless fun, and the game’s combat is strong enough to carry you through the more tedious sections of the experience. It’s not a campaign that I can see myself returning to again and again, despite the various collectibles hidden in each mission that can unlock customization items, but your mileage may vary.  Frustratingly, For Honor has a number of contrasting moments of good design concepts and flawed execution. Though ultimately the good outweighs the bad, the game makes a horrible first impression. For starters, you’re forced to download the Ubisoft Club app and either create or sign into an existing account outside of the game before you are even allowed to reach the main menu. For Honor requires a constant online connection to Ubisoft’s servers, meaning any interruption of your internet connection or problem on Ubisoft’s side will kick you back to the main menu, even when playing the singleplayer campaign. Once you get into the game, you’re forced to play through an unskippable tutorial on the very basic of basic gameplay mechanics in For Honor. Once you complete it and start the game’s story mode, the first mission makes you repeat the exact same lessons you just went through in the tutorial. To be fair, For Honor is an incredibly complex game, but the game actually does a horrible job of teaching you how to play it. Some of the most fundamental concepts, such as parrying attacks, guard breaking, and reactive blocking, are not communicated to the player unless they dig through an advanced tutorial that’s hidden several menus deep in the game’s user interface or later missions in the campaign. I learned much more about the fundamentals of For Honor‘s gameplay by poring over the move lists for each class and consulting the accompanying guide for what different defensive and offensive moves would result in. It’s hardly an ideal way to learn how to play the game.  And make no mistake, you will need to learn these concepts. For Honor is an incredibly complex game, and its four different player classes play sufficiently different across the three factions to not feel like just the same characters with a different Knight, Samurai, or Viking skin. I also cannot stress enough that the core gameplay of For Honor is both innovative and just plain excellent. Developer Ubisoft Montreal has taken the concepts of a fighting game and successfully married them to a 3D   brawler. It’s ingenious, thrilling, and rewarding to play when the mechanics finally start to click in your mind. I am by no means good at For Honor, as I’m generally    with any fighting game, but I still can’t get enough of For Honor‘s gameplay.  That gameplay shines in For Honor‘s multiplayer offerings, where technical mastery of the game’s mechanics and its roster of characters is needed when facing off against other human foes. There are a number of game modes available, from    duels to the 4v4 Dominion mode that features players fighting each other and AI grunts to capture strategic zones around the battlefield. Every mode can be played against other human contestants or cooperatively versus bots, and you will earn experience, gear, and money to unlock more characters and customization options regardless of whether you’re fighting other people or the game’s AI opponents. Daily and weekly missions are offered to earn bonus experience and money, while your performance in matches will affect a persistent world map as you fight for whichever of the game’s three factions you’ve pledged allegiance to. There are 12 maps to play on, from smaller arenas for the game’s intense 1v1 and 2v2 modes to larger battlefields for the 4v4 matches. As your earn points in multiplayer matches, your character will level up   allowing you to use special abilities such as throwing weapons, traps, or buffing your speed, stamina, attack, or defense. Different abilities can be unlocked and swapped out between matches as you earn experience for each class. It makes for a fluid battlefield as abilities can turn the tide of combat in an instant.  Unfortunately the multiplayer isn’t free from issues either. I’ve had the occasional disconnection from a match, but that’s been less of a problem than consistently and quickly getting into games in the first place. The matchmaking is sluggish at times, especially when a mode indicates that there is a very large number of people playing. This may seem counterintuitive, as you’d assume more players would make for finding enough players to populate game quicker, but game director Roman   has stated the matchmaking issues are actually a result of too many people on the Ubisoft network than they anticipated. A patch has been deployed for the PC, with similar fixes incoming for the console versions of the game. A lot has been made of Ubisoft Montreal’s decision to use    connections for multiplayer rather than dedicated servers, but   has claimed the game’s performance would not be any different if players were connecting to dedicated servers because of the “simulation” technology the game uses to determine where contestants are on the battlefield based on their control inputs. I personally haven’t noticed any instances where I thought the game’s connection quality left me at or gave me an unfair advantage. I have on one occasion witnessed one person quitting   causing nearly every other player to crash out of the match.  Thankfully, the developers at Ubisoft Montreal have exhibited a very proactive stance on making further improvements to the game since release. A number of improvements have been made, including the aforementioned matchmaking fixes, changes to the game’s balance, and beneficial revisions to the user interface. I prefer the 1v1 and 2v2 modes as they fit thematically with the game’s namesake. As players engage in single combat, the game becomes a chess match where each participant must make full use of the various techniques for each class and adapt to their opponents. The larger 4v4 modes often devolve into 4v1 or 4v2 group beat downs, which are rarely enjoyable. There is a Revenge meter that fills over time that can give you a chance to survive such encounters, boosting your attack and defense for a short time, but overall For Honor‘s mechanics seem much more suited to    battles than group fights.  From a technical standpoint, For Honor enjoys fantastic art design and graphical fidelity. The armor and weapon designs for each of the classes are distinct and make you look like a medieval badass, while environments are detailed and have a number of impressive effects on display with varying times of day and weather conditions applied across them in each match. The game’s sound design is similarly excellent, and the fantastic sound effects for swords, shields, axes, and other medieval armaments clashing together or slicing into foes really immerses you in the heat of battle. More than anything, it’s the core strength of For Honor‘s gameplay that keeps me playing. All of its flaws become much more tolerable for me when recognizing the myriad innovative mechanics and systems that the game uses. I have much greater patience for a flawed game that presents a genuinely unique affair and stumbles with some of the risks it takes than a competent but boring    title. There are things that annoy me about For Honor, but when everything works as intended, it’s an experience that you can’t find in any other game. If you’re willing to endure the     details, For Honor will mesmerize you with   and unique gameplay that you should try for yourself. I look forward to what Ubisoft Montreal does with For Honor going forward and where the inevitable sequel will improve. Editor’s note: This review is based on the Xbox One version of For Honor which was provided to the author by Ubisoft. Noah Dulis is the Deputy Managing Editor of Breitbart News and Editor of Breitbart Tech. Follow him on Twitter @Marshal_Dov.",0
6638,The Biggest False Flag Ever,"Blue tie or red dress? Look left or look right? Look here or look there? 
But we all agree on one thing . . . IT WAS THE RUSSIANS. 
The dog and pony show is exposed. The freemasonic / illuminati government has been dividing and conquering nations for centuries. Do NOT fall for their last trick before leaving the world stage. 
It's all a puppet show - let us show you who is pulling the strings. Tags",0
6639,Is Global Warming “An Inconvenient Lie”?,"geoengineeringwatch.org 
Global warming disinformation is greatly harmful to the critical cause of exposing and halting climate engineering (which is greatly exacerbating planetary warming and poisoning the entire planet in the process ). Because patently false climate information is so harmful to the anti-geoengineering cause , we must not look the other way when anyone pushes total disinformation on the public. Some lies are so massive and increasingly blatant that it is nearly impossible to imagine that they are still being propagated. Could a 3 day symposium pushing the ""Global warming is a hoax"" false narrative actually be carried out with a straight face while the planet is free falling into a state of total meltdown ? Are there people who would pay nearly $400 dollars to attend such a symposium and have so called "" world's top experts"" attempt to convince them that ""global warming is the biggest deception in history""? Exactly who would sponsor a ""global warming is a myth"" event? What would be their motive? The organizer of the ""Global Warming, An Inconvenient Lie"" conference is non other than Ed Griffin of ""Freedom Force International"" who seems to be running some sort of multi-level marketing program . Who is Mr. Griffin's top ""expert"" for the upcoming ""global warming is a hoax"" event? Enter ""Lord Monckton"" of Benchley. 
""Lord Monckton"" has a long resume indeed, but in reality his resume is better described as a "" wrap sheet "" which should be examined by anyone who has any notion of attending this disinformation event. Why would ""Lord Monckton"" put so much time and energy into the ""global warming is a hoax"" false narrative? Could the fact that Monckton receives funding from the fossil fuel industry have anything to do with his tireless efforts to parrot the oil industry disinformation ? Is this the same reason that ""Lord Monckton"" ardently denies the climate engineering issue in a shocking interview ? Exactly as the fossil fuel industry and the geoengineers would want him to? 
Who is the second string ""expert"" in the ""global warming is a hoax"" line up? Yet another fossil fuel funded actor, Tim Ball. 
Tim Ball has been called "" the lie that just won't die "" for good reason. Ball's trail of disinformation has been well documented by numerous sources . An international radio show host (Vinny Eastwood) once invited Mr. Ball to debate the geoengineering issue with me on a live radio broadcast, Mr. Ball refused. He denies the reality of the issue, as does Mr. Monckton. Individuals like Monckton and Ball are simply paid props in a rapidly disintegrating disinformation road show. There are more featured ""experts"" that are apparently pushing the ""global warming is a hoax"" disinformation, but you get the idea. Who is the star of the coming disinformation event? It's Mr. Ed Griffin. 
Ed Griffin made the following statement on the record in 2013: 
… the planet now is in a cooling stage… 
What has happened since 2013? And was already inarguably happening for the decades before 2013? Rapidly increasing global temperatures from anthropogenic activity which of course includes climate engineering at the top of the list. Mr. Griffin is apparently already receiving emails of criticism from his followers for his ridiculously false position in regard to the state of the climate. Griffin actually just published one such message that stated "" Griffin, you've got it wrong, climate change is real "". Ed seems have been motivated to publish this criticism because he was proud of his answer to critic who had expressed justifiable concern about sea level rise submerging islands. What was Mr. Griffin's answer? 
That is part of the global-warming myth. In some places….. the land is sinking… 
So there you have it, there is no sea level rise, the land is just sinking. Mr. Griffin, rising sea levels are chewing away at shorelines all over the globe , so, here is a question for you, is all the land sinking? What are Mr. Griffin's views on climate engineering? That is also a very interesting narrative that is truly baffling. Apparently (according to Mr. Griffin) the grid patterns we see in the sky are just being blown into such patterns by the wind . 
So what is the bottom line in regard to the state of the climate? The planet and climate system is not just warming, it is descending into a state of total meltdown with global climate engineering programs helping to fuel the overall fire. Those who have made it their mission (for whatever reason or motive) to deny the planetary meltdown, are simply toeing the line for big oil and the geoengineers . 
Here is the climate reality, the Arctic is in a state of total meltdown along with the rest of the planet . Even Antarctic sea ice ( the last vestige for the global cooling false narrative) is also now at record low levels . The ""departure from normal high temperature"" map above shows the Arctic meltdown with startling clarity. The US is also experiencing record shattering heat with no end in sight. 
Ice deposits are crashing around the world. Front-line film footage of the imploding ice deposits (the cryosphere) proves this fact beyond any doubt. The graph above is a shocking image of the radical decline of global sea ice. And about the front-line reality, we don't need graphs, we have front-line fim footage . 
What is the bottom line? There is either the truth, or a lie. Those that are pushing the ""global warming is a hoax"" false narrative are pushing an unimaginably ridiculous lie. Why does it matter? Because credibility is critical in the battle to expose and halt climate engineering . Why is stopping climate engineering so important? Because the global weather warfare assault is mathematically the greatest and most immediate threat we face short of nuclear cataclysm. When so called ""independent"" news sources completely discredit the anti-geoengineering community by pushing completely false disinformation, bridges with the science community cannot be built. Such bridges are absolutely essential if we are to have any chance of fully exposing and halting the climate engineering insanity. Investigating the truth is our responsibility, as is sharing it. Make your voice heard .",0
6641,It’s Rigged! Voters Discover Shocking Mistake On Ballots: Don’t Let This Happen To You!,"So, if you don’t trust voting machines, and you have good reason not to, you must demand a paper ballot. 
As it turns out, there may be some problems with paper ballots as well. 
One Conservative mother of two in Illionois reported that she had been hearing rumors of voter fraud. She talked to her friend, in South Carolina, and found the following: 
Would you look at that? The Democrat ticket of Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine is listed twice, with Pacific Green/Progressive of Jill Stein/Ajamu Baraka and Libertarian Gary Johnson/Bill Weld also list. 
No Republican ticket of Donald Trump/Mike Pence listed! 
Others went online after voting, only to find that their mail in ballots, who listed Donald Trump as their candidate of choice, were not counted, supposedly because the signature on the ballot did not match the signature on the letter! 
Fortunately, these people checked and are taking action before it is too late. 
The Clinton Foundation, leftist billionaire George Soros, and the Democrats have power, and they have been shown to be corrupt. 
Do not let this kind of voter fraud happen to your vote! 
We cannot prove, right now, that the system is rigged, but something is not right. 
Make sure that your vote counts.",0
6642,Runoff Likely in Jakarta Election Seen as Test of Tolerance for Indonesia - The New York Times,"JAKARTA, Indonesia  —   The Christian governor of the capital of Indonesia, the world’s most populous   nation, has been fighting for his political life in an election campaign charged with religious and ethnic undertones. After voters went to the polls Wednesday, it appeared that he would have to fight a little longer. Unofficial results from the balloting in Jakarta, the capital, indicated that the governor, Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, held a small lead over his nearest challenger but was unlikely to win more than half of the vote. If the official results confirm that, a runoff will be held April 18. Mr. Basuki, who is ethnic Chinese, has been hobbled by a criminal trial on a charge of blasphemy against Islam, in connection with remarks about a Quran verse that he made last year. Mr. Basuki and his supporters say the court case, which was preceded by mass protests in the capital by Islamists demanding that he be prosecuted or even lynched, was orchestrated by political opponents to sabotage his election campaign. Analysts also saw the furor over Mr. Basuki’s remarks as an attempt to weaken President Joko Widodo, a key ally of the governor who is expected to seek a second term in 2019. Mr. Basuki, widely known by his nickname, Ahok, is only the second   governor of Jakarta, and if he wins, he will be the first   to be elected to the post directly. He was elevated from deputy governor in 2014 after Mr. Joko, his predecessor, was elected president. Hours after the polls closed Wednesday, independent polling firms conducting   quick counts  —   which are taken from small samples of ballots cast and which have been highly accurate in past elections  —   put Mr. Basuki in the lead with 43 percent of the vote, and Anies Baswedan, a former minister of education and culture, in second with 40 percent. Other counts had Mr. Basuki ahead by slightly different margins. A third candidate, Agus Yudhoyono, a former army officer and son of a former president, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, was shown finishing a distant third with around 17 percent. Both of Mr. Basuki’s opponents are Muslim and Javanese, the dominant ethnic group on the island where Jakarta sits. Indonesia’s population of 250 million includes more than 190 million Muslims, but it has influential minority populations of Christians, Hindus and Buddhists. While    issues like education, health care, transportation and infrastructure development are important to voters, the campaign for governor has been overshadowed by issues of religion and race that have scarcely been seen before in Indonesia’s democratic era.   and   slurs directed toward Mr. Basuki have spread widely on social media in recent months. “One has to admit that Ahok did remarkably well considering the type of campaign that has been mounted against him,” said Jeffrey A. Winters, a professor of politics at Northwestern University who is a longtime observer of Indonesian affairs. “This is the first time a Chinese Christian has run for a major office in Indonesia, and he came close to winning an outright majority despite being on trial for blasphemy and attempts by his opponents to turn it into an   choice,” he said. “Jakarta voters have shown themselves to be incredibly tolerant, which is a plus. ” However, analysts said Mr. Basuki’s failure to win the election outright in the first round could be his undoing, because most voters who supported Mr. Agus were expected to then back the   campaign of Mr. Anies, who has promoted his religious credentials. “The political identity in Indonesia is more fragmented now because Anies will be branded as the representative of Islam and Ahok as the representative of ” said Titi Anggraini, executive director of the Association for Elections and Democracy, a nongovernmental organization based in Jakarta. “Based on my calculations, it will be difficult for Ahok now,” she said. Mr. Basuki was charged with blasphemy months after lightheartedly citing a verse in the Quran last September that warns Muslims against taking Christians and Jews as friends. He said that given Indonesia’s transition to democracy in the late 1990s, it would be acceptable for Muslims to cast ballots for a Christian. The ensuing attacks against him by Islamist groups and his political opponents came despite a   regulation against using religion and ethnicity as issues in political campaigns. After the unofficial results were released, Mr. Basuki rallied his supporters, reminding them that he still came in first place despite the religious and ethnically charged atmosphere. “Considering that at one point, no one wanted to touch us, there are still many people who believe in us,” he said. “We believe this struggle is not over yet. ” Mr. Anies tried to play down the impact of Islamist attacks on Mr. Basuki, telling his supporters that “eventually, the public wants change. It’s not related to   politics, but the public’s needs. ” Earlier Wednesday, however, at a polling station in a firehouse in a   neighborhood in South Jakarta, Sari Rahayu, 47, a teacher who was wearing a Muslim head scarf, or hijab, said religious sentiments had indeed influenced her vote for Mr. Anies. The Quran, she said, made it clear that Mr. Basuki was not an option. “We’re not allowed to choose a leader who is not Muslim,” she said. She said that Mr. Basuki did a good job in office but added, “He doesn’t have the right to speak about the Quran. ” Still, the governor has no lack of support among Muslims, who make up the majority of voters in Jakarta. Anshori, an exporter who, like many Indonesians, goes by one name, went to the same firehouse with his wife and daughters, who were in hijabs and the checked shirts that Mr. Basuki’s supporters have long worn. “He’s honest. No corruption. He’s firm,” Mr. Anshori said. “We’re not angry about the religious attacks it’s just something we have to face. ”",0
6643,DARPA Transfers Most Sophisticated Surveillance Telescope Ever Developed to the U.S. Air Force Space Command,"“To Counter Satellite Threats from China and Russia and Track Killer Asteroids” The most sophisticated space surveillance telescope ever developed is ready to begin tracking thousands of space objects as small as a softball. It’s a boon to space surveillance and science and a new military capability important to the nation and the globe. Air Force wants to track what objects are moving in the night sky, which objects are new, and what danger those objects might pose to satellites in orbit. According to DARPA, SST represents breakthroughs in telescope design, camera technology and image analysis software, and allows much faster discovery and tracking of previously unseen or hard-to-find small space objects.
The telescope captures a vast image: 100 million pixels, according to deputy DARPA director Steven Walker. It takes just one person to operate, and that person can operate it remotely, or set the telescope to scan the sky autonomously. And it captures a lot of information, with the camera gathering and saving half a terabyte of data on a typical night scan (the amount of data collected varies depending on the mission and other variables). The whole apparatus is immense, weighing 225,000 pounds. SST has increased space situational awareness from a narrow view of a few large objects at a time to a widescreen view of 10,000 objects as small as softballs, DARPA says. The telescope also can search an area larger than the continental United States in seconds and survey the entire geosynchronous belt in its field of view — a quarter of the sky — multiple times in a night. Developed by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, the Space Surveillance Telescope is the most sophisticated instrument of its kind ever developed. It was transferred to the Air Force on Oct. 18, 2016, which has plans to operate it jointly with the Royal Australian Air Force. “It’s not often we get an opportunity to witness the beginning of an entirely new military capability,” Air Force Maj. Gen. Nina Armagno, the director of strategic plans, programs, requirements and analysis for Air Force Space Command headquarters at Peterson Air Force Base in Colorado, said at the transfer event, “but that’s exactly what we’re doing here today.” The telescope, developed by the DARPA, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, was turned over to the Air Force Oct. 18 at the Space Surveillance Telescope site atop North Oscura Peak on the northern part of the Army’s 3,200-square-mile White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico. The formal transition of the SST from a DARPA-led design and construction program to ownership by the Air Force begins the telescope’s operational phase. The Air Force will move the SST to Harold E. Holt Naval Communication Station in Western Australia, operating and maintaining the telescope jointly with the Royal Australian Air Force.
The SST also will be a dedicated sensor in the U.S. Space Surveillance Network, operated by the Air Force Space Command.
“From a military perspective, any one of those objects could put satellites at risk,” Armagno said. “That’s why this capability is so important to us in Air Force Space Command.”
The world and the threat have changed, she noted, adding, “We no longer have the luxury of assuming that we operate in a benign environment [or]that conflict will only be on land or at sea or in the air. Now we must concern ourselves with a conflict that may extend into space.”
The space domain is filled with many actors, some with competing interests that may be at odds with those of the United States and its allies, the general said. “Others around the world have taken notice of the advantages that we and our allies gain through space technologies, and they have focused their military efforts on countering that capability,” Armagno told the audience.
Specifically, she added, “Russia and China, by the year 2025, will be able to hold at risk every one of our satellites in any orbit. So if the United States and our allies are to deter adversaries from taking action against our interests, we must do it from a position of strength.”
This image of objects and debris in geosynchronous orbit is generated from a distant oblique vantage point to provide a good view of the object population in the geosynchronous region, about 22,000 miles from Earth. The larger population of objects over the Northern Hemisphere is due mostly to Russian objects in high-inclination, high-eccentricity orbits.

To be prepared for war in the space domain — and so to lessen the possibility of war ever occurring there, the general said — “we must be able to see aggressive behavior when it unfolds [and]be prepared to act decisively to defend our own assets and to hold others accountable for their actions. We need to be able to attribute those actions and then react on tactically relevant timelines.”
These requirements call for an in-depth understanding of what’s going on in space, she added — what objects are there, what they are doing, what their intentions are and what they will do next.
SST will provide such information to the United States and its allies, Armagno said, characterizing it as “the ability to better understand the space domain in order to identify and predict the actions of others. In turn this knowledge will help us deter others from reckless behavior, and [allow us]to posture ourselves to react if needed.”
No one wants a war in space because it doesn’t impact a single region but the entire globe, she added, and it’s up to the United States and its allies to demonstrate leadership in the responsible use of space.
SST is a giant leap forward in space cooperation between the United States and Australia, Armagno noted.

A view of the M20 Trifid Nebula, or NGC6514, taken by the Space Surveillance Telescope. Approximately 5,000 light years away from Earth, the nebula is near the outer limits of objects bright enough visible to the naked eye.
“It … benefits each of our respective nations [and]anyone who uses space across the globe. The United States simply can’t do anything that we do in space without our allies, and the value of these partnerships will only continue to grow in the future,” the general said.
Developed by DARPA, with optical expertise from the federally funded research and development center MIT Lincoln Lab, operated by Australian personnel and feeding information into the U.S. Space Surveillance Network — “SST … takes advantage of the unique capabilities of each partner. In fact,” she added, “the United States can’t maintain space superiority like we need to without our allies.”
U.S. allies bring to the table space capabilities that provide space situational awareness, bolster intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance efforts, monitor the environmental [and]increase communication bandwidth and in times of crisis these capabilities need to come together to create a synergy across the entire space enterprise, the general said.
“SST is and will be part of our space situational awareness system,” she added. “It allows us to discern our adversaries’ intent early on, and we have the strategic warning necessary to support stringent timelines required for us to respond to any kind of attack in space with confidence.
As a nation, she added, “we have the national will and determination to face our adversaries head on. When the United States and our allies have difficult problems to solve we find a way to prevail together. Capabilities such as the Space Surveillance Telescope are changing the very nature of how we operate in space and how we will operate in the future.”
Source: The Daily Galaxy 
",0
6644,His Doctors Were Stumped. Then He Took Over. - The New York Times,"They called him the Beast. David Fajgenbaum was the fittest of his friends at the University of Pennsylvania’s medical school, a    gym addict and former quarterback at Georgetown. His mammoth hands seemed more suited to spiraling footballs than the fine fingerwork a    might need. He had endurance to match, taking multiple hits and returning to the field to play on. “This guy was a physical specimen,” said his former roommate, Grant Mitchell, who used to walk to work with him. When they would arrive at the hospital for his obstetrics rotation, his friend recalled, “he would basically coerce me into doing   on the tree outside. ” In July 2010, that all changed. The    woke up at night drenched in sweat. His lymph nodes were swollen. He felt stabs of abdominal pain, and odd red bumps began sprouting across his chest. Most bizarre of all, he felt very tired  —   so tired that he began slipping into empty exam rooms between patients, stealing   naps to get through the day. “Guys, I think I’m dying,” he recalled telling his friends. A visit to the emergency room confirmed his fears. A doctor told him that his liver, kidneys and bone marrow were not working properly. Even more troubling, the doctor had no idea why his body was failing. “What do you think is going on?” he remembers the doctor asking him. Pursuing the answer to that question, it turned out, would become his life’s work. It would transform Dr. Fajgenbaum from a patient on the brink of death five different times, whose illness stumped specialist after specialist, to one of the leading researchers in his field. He has even used himself as his own test subject, and may have discovered a treatment for his rare disease. His story, which has been circulating inside medicine, is more than one person’s remarkable journey, however. It offers a look into the world of rare diseases, a corner of medicine that continues to frustrate  —   and flummox  —   those who seek cures for obscure conditions. About 95 percent of all rare diseases have no approved drug treatments. Fewer than 8, 000 people in the United States are found to have Dr. Fajgenbaum’s condition in any given year. But taken as a whole, rare diseases are not unusual: An estimated 30 million people in the country  —   or about 10 percent of the population  —   are living with one of the nearly 7, 000 rare diseases that have been identified. Prompted by financial incentives passed by Congress, the drug industry is hotly pursuing treatments for a throng of rare diseases. That has led to breakthroughs in several conditions, including cystic fibrosis and spinal muscular atrophy. Nevertheless, with a small number of subjects to study and relatively few people to sell new drugs to, many rare diseases are overlooked by doctors and scientists, hampered by a lack of resources and public awareness. Dr. Fajgenbaum’s condition is one of the many that have been given relatively little attention. Initially, doctors thought he had a common form of cancer. A CT scan  —   a series of images that give doctors a clearer picture of what is going on inside the body  —   revealed a body riddled with enlarged lymph nodes, a hallmark of lymphoma. The news struck a particularly cruel blow: Only a few years earlier, while Dr. Fajgenbaum was in college, his mother died of brain cancer. He declined rapidly as his immune system went haywire. A retinal hemorrhage, a type of ministroke, temporarily blinded his left eye. Fluids leaked out of his blood vessels, a sign that his liver was failing. Over the next two weeks, he gained about 70 pounds of extra fluid and his brain fogged over. For those who knew him as the Beast, the transformation was jarring. “Even when he got sicker and sicker and eventually went into the hospital, it was kind of like this, oh, weird, Dave must have some really awful virus  —   that’s one hell of a flu,” his friend Dr. Mitchell said. When Dr. Fajgenbaum’s brain started slowing down, Dr. Mitchell said, the severity of the illness sunk in. “I would ask him a simple question, and he would answer in a couple words, like 30 seconds to a minute later,” he said. Dr. Mitchell and the other medical students scoured textbooks and the internet, searching for clues. The top medical experts at Penn, meanwhile, were not having much more luck. Lymphoma was just one theory. Others thought it might be a severe case of lupus or even mononucleosis. But test after test was inconclusive. Finally, the doctors tried a huge dose of steroids. Slowly, his body began to fight its way back. His kidneys and liver began functioning again, and the extra fluid receded. Seven weeks after he was admitted, Dr. Fajgenbaum walked out of the hospital. It was September 2010. “I remember asking the doctor, saying, ‘What was this? ’” he said. “And I remember the doctor saying, ‘We don’t know what it was, but let’s just hope it doesn’t come back. ’” It took only one month for symptoms to come rushing back, while he was convalescing at his childhood home in Raleigh, N. C. Doctors there shipped a piece of his lymph node to the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, where pathologists finally pinpointed his disease. The condition, called Castleman disease, was so rare that doctors at the hospital in Raleigh had no experience with it. Castleman disease had been known since the 1950s but has remained largely a mystery. A hallmark of the condition is enlarged lymph nodes, and most people with the disease  —   about    —   have a form that affects just one part of the body and can usually be cured through surgery. The form ravaging Dr. Fajgenbaum’s body  —   multicentric Castleman disease  —   is even more rare and deadly. Only about 1, 200 to 1, 500 people are discovered to have it every year in the United States. It defied classification, occupying a no man’s land between cancer and immune disease. Doctors weren’t sure of the cause in patients like him: Some believed it was a type of cancer, while others thought it was an inherited genetic disorder, or was triggered by a virus. One thing was clear: The disease was deadly. Only about 65 percent of people with the condition live for five years after it is diagnosed, studies have shown. Over the next few years, Dr. Fajgenbaum alternated between extended periods of relative health and frightening relapses. His condition stumped even leading experts in the disease, people like Dr. Frits van Rhee of Little Rock, Ark. who has treated the largest number of patients  —   about 100  —   with Castleman. The tools that Dr. van Rhee and others had were blunt and harmful in their own right. More than once, Dr. Fajgenbaum underwent a devastating,   course of chemotherapy that annihilated his immune system in an effort to knock his disease into remission. Dr. Fajgenbaum was also granted emergency access to siltuximab, a drug that Johnson  Johnson was developing for people with his form of multicentric Castleman disease, which would  be approved in 2014. That year, in 2011, Dr. van Rhee secured a rare exception to try it on Dr. Fajgenbaum. But the drug, like other previous treatments, did not work. Dr. Fajgenbaum was undaunted. With the zeal he once devoted to   a personal best  —   375 pounds, reached six months before he first fell ill  —   he dove into the scientific research on Castleman disease and began to familiarize himself with the world’s top experts. On Sundays, his roommate tried to coax Dr. Fajgenbaum out of his bedroom, with its white board covered in notes, organizational plans tacked to the wall. He rarely succeeded. “I’m on the couch watching TV, and Dave is just cranking away on Castleman,” Dr. Mitchell recalled. The more Dr. Fajgenbaum learned, he said, the more he realized how much the field that studied Castleman was in disarray. Researchers focusing on the disease used different terminology to describe the condition, making it difficult to compare published work. Leading experts weren’t in regular communication, and studies were being done over again, even though previous ones had failed. “It became just abundantly clear that just because you have smart people thinking about a problem doesn’t mean that it’s coordinated at all,” he said. One of the people he called was Dr. Thomas Uldrick, a clinical researcher at the National Cancer Institute who had studied multicentric Castleman disease. The two struck up a correspondence. “Clearly he was a very bright medical student, and he was scared of dying from this disease,” Dr. Uldrick recalled. He also began collaborating with Dr. van Rhee, who knew that Dr. Fajgenbaum was a different kind of patient after he arrived armed with charts, graphs, timelines and slide presentations. “There are patients who keep meticulous records,” Dr. van Rhee said with a chuckle, “but he was definitely in the top 1 percent. ” In spring 2013 Dr. Fajgenbaum earned his medical degree, and a few months later he entered the Wharton School at Penn, reasoning that, to solve the tangled mystery of Castleman disease, business smarts would serve him well. But in December of that year he got sick again, with his blood platelets dropping so low that he barely avoided a fatal brain bleed. This time, though, he was able to use his relapse to further his search for a cure. For months, Dr. Fajgenbaum had been collecting weekly blood samples that served as snapshots of his immune system, tabulating the results in a spreadsheet and adding them to a detailed slide presentation that he had been preparing since he received the diagnosis. And when it was clear the disease had returned, he persuaded his doctors to remove a piece of a lymph node, test it and save it for future research. After a round of chemotherapy, he improved enough to be discharged and started looking into what secrets the tests might reveal. It turned out that five months before he started noticing symptoms in December, his T cells  —   one of the key weapons in the body’s immune arsenal  —   had starting activating, preparing for a fight even though there was no apparent threat. Then, about three months before his relapse, he noticed that he had started producing more VEGF, a protein that instructs the body to make more blood vessels, and is another sign of an immune system gearing up. These two hints gave him an idea: Maybe the problem was with one of the body’s communication lines, the one that triggered production of VEGF and also told the T cells to begin activating. If Dr. Fajgenbaum could get his body to shut down that communication line  —   known as the mTOR pathway  —   he might be able to stop his immune system from overreacting and prevent a relapse. The discovery was exhilarating. “I felt like I was part of steering the ship,” Dr. Fajgenbaum said. “This time I was part of this team. ” With this major clue in hand, he and his doctors turned to potential treatments, existing drugs that were known to shut down the mTOR pathway. The one that seemed the best option was practically hiding in plain sight. Sirolimus, also known as Rapamune, was commonly given to kidney transplant patients to prevent their bodies from rejecting the organ. The drug had been on the market for years and was known to have few serious side effects. “I wouldn’t think I ever could have prescribed this to another patient, or told a patient to try it, because we just didn’t have very much data,” Dr. Fajgenbaum said. “But at this stage, I’d had four episodes, and I’d failed everything the doctors had ever given me. ” In choosing to become his own test subject, Dr. Fajgenbaum was following a long line of medical researchers who have experimented on themselves. At the turn of the 20th century, government researchers studying yellow fever in Cuba allowed themselves to be bitten by mosquitoes who harbored the disease one researcher caught the fever and died. In 1929, Dr. Werner Forssmann inserted a catheter into the vein of his arm and guided it to his heart to prove that the procedure worked (he shared in a Nobel Prize for his work in 1956). As recently as 2005, Dr. Barry Marshall won the Nobel after drinking a broth infected with bacteria to prove that it caused ulcers. This activist approach, Dr. Uldrick said, did not sit well with everyone. “There was some tension between the various doctors about who was driving the boat,” he said. But the idea that Dr. Fajgenbaum needed to try something new was unanimous: Chemotherapy had worked three times, but the powerful drugs take a heavy toll and can themselves cause cancer if given too often. Dr. Fajgenbaum eventually prevailed. In January 2014, he stopped taking his old cancer drugs and started on sirolimus. Six months passed, then a year. The weekly blood tests showed that his immune system was returning to normal. Dr. Fajgenbaum, his health improving, returned to the other challenges that were hampering progress in the field of Castleman disease. He started the Castleman Disease Collaborative Network, a nonprofit whose mission was to prioritize and coordinate research into the disease, which operates out of the Perelman School of Medicine at Penn. Dr. Fajgenbaum, an assistant professor of medicine at the school, and his collaborators assembled an advisory panel of the world’s experts in the disease and set an agenda for answering the most pressing questions. First on the list is figuring out the cause: Is the disease genetic, a form of cancer or caused by a virus? As always, the work is intensely personal. Last summer, he drove to Allentown, Pa. to collect a blood sample from a patient with Castleman disease. He placed the vials in his vest pocket, explaining that he needed to keep the blood warm so the tests he had planned would work properly. “You remind me of a mother hen,” the patient said with a laugh. That gave him an idea: Dr. Fajgenbaum sat on the vials as he drove two hours back to Philadelphia, the car heater cranked up to ensure they were warm. It was a sweaty ride back, but worth it. “These samples are precious,” he said. In medical research, discoveries come slowly and take twists and turns that no one saw coming. Seasoned researchers have learned to rein in their optimism and to know that true breakthroughs can take years, if not decades, to realize. Not Dr. Fajgenbaum. “I almost wish that every disease had a David to be a part of the charge,” said Dr. Mary Jo Lechowicz, a professor at the Emory University School of Medicine, who has studied Castleman disease and serves on the network’s advisory board. Dr. Fajgenbaum’s   mission to take on his own disease is also typical of the   world, said Max Bronstein, the chief advocacy and science policy officer at the EveryLife Foundation for Rare Diseases in Novato, Calif. “A lot of    patient organizations emerge to take on these huge challenges in rare diseases,” he said. “I don’t think there’s one correct model for each disease there’s been so many different approaches. ” Last month, Dr. Fajgenbaum marked his   anniversary since starting on sirolimus, a period more than twice as long as any of his other remissions. “I feel 100 percent,” he said. These days, Dr. Fajgenbaum, now 31, walks through the hallways of Penn’s medical center, his frame again projecting the easy confidence of the athlete he once was. But he jokes that he would have to pull out photos of his days as a quarterback to explain to people why his friends still call him the Beast. Now, he said, every time he tries to exercise, his mind wanders back to an email he needs to write or a call he needs to make. “It’s not because I don’t have the energy to do it it’s because all of my energy is going toward this disease,” he said. Not everyone is convinced that sirolimus is what has been keeping him healthy. Dr. van Rhee noted that while the results in Dr. Fajgenbaum are promising, his is just one case and treatments need to be proven in many more people. “I think the finding is very interesting,” he said, “but we need to see whether a similar mechanism is active in other patients. ” But Dr. Fajgenbaum said he grew more confident every day that it is the drug that is helping. He has begun sharing his experience with more doctors and researchers, is conducting laboratory tests to see if the drug is likely to work in other patients and has started writing an article about his experience for a medical journal. Soon, he hopes, doctors will begin prescribing the drug to other patients. Dr. Fajgenbaum is optimistic about the drug’s chances but is aware medical science is unpredictable. “Who knows maybe it will work for only a small percentage,” he said. “So we’ve still got a lot of work ahead of us. ” He now oversees the network’s research from his office in the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, five floors above the emergency room where he first learned his body was falling apart. It is also the same building where he spent weeks in the I. C. U. so sick that he said his final goodbyes to friends and family. At first, when he learned his office would be in the same building, he felt anxious, unsure if he wanted the constant reminder of the ordeal he had endured. A few months ago, Dr. Fajgenbaum was called to the I. C. U. to meet a patient who had just found out he had Castleman disease. He spoke to the patient about enrolling him in a new study, and as he looked out the window, realized the view looked familiar. On his way out, he bumped into a nurse who remembered him. She noted that he had stayed in the same room as a patient. Ultimately, he said, he is glad for the proximity. “I didn’t think that I would ever get to leave the hospital, and now here I am, fighting back,” he said. “It’s the ultimate motivator. ”",0
6645,Selling ‘Regime Change’ Wars to the Masses,"Written by John Pilger Saturday October 29, 2016 American journalist Edward Bernays is often described as the man who invented modern propaganda. The nephew of Sigmund Freud, the pioneer of psychoanalysis, it was Bernays who coined the term “public relations” as a euphemism for spin and its deceptions. In 1929, as a publicist for the cigarette industry, Bernays persuaded feminists to promote cigarettes for women by smoking in the New York Easter Parade – behavior then considered outlandish. One feminist, Ruth Booth, declared, “Women! Light another torch of freedom! Fight another sex taboo!” Bernays’s influence extended far beyond advertising. His greatest success was his role in convincing the American public to join the slaughter of the First World War. The secret, he said, was “engineering the consent” of people in order to “control and regiment [them] according to our will without their knowing about it.” He described this as “the true ruling power in our society” and called it an “invisible government.” Today, the invisible government has never been more powerful and less understood. In my career as a journalist and filmmaker, I have never known propaganda to insinuate our lives and as it does now and to go unchallenged. Tale of Two Cities Imagine two cities. Both are under siege by the forces of the government of that country. Both cities are occupied by fanatics, who commit terrible atrocities, such as beheading people. But there is a vital difference. In one siege, the government soldiers are described as liberators by Western reporters embedded with them, who enthusiastically report their battles and air strikes. There are front-page pictures of these heroic soldiers giving a V-sign for victory. There is scant mention of civilian casualties. In the second city – in another country nearby – almost exactly the same is happening. Government forces are laying siege to a city controlled by the same breed of fanatics. The difference is that these fanatics are supported, supplied and armed by “us” – by the United States and Britain. They even have a media center that is funded by Britain and America. Another difference is that the government soldiers laying siege to this city are the “bad guys,” condemned for assaulting and bombing the city – which is exactly what the good soldiers do in the first city. Confusing? Not really. Such is the basic double standard that is the essence of propaganda. I am referring, of course, to the current siege of the city of Mosul by the government forces of Iraq, who are backed by the United States and Britain, and to the siege of Aleppo by the government forces of Syria, backed by Russia. One is good; the other is bad. Behind the Fanatics What is seldom reported is that both cities would not be occupied by fanatics and ravaged by war if Britain and the United States had not invaded Iraq in 2003. That criminal enterprise was launched on lies strikingly similar to the propaganda that now distorts our understanding of the civil war in Syria. Without this drumbeat of propaganda dressed up as news, the monstrous ISIS and Al Qaeda and the Nusra Front and the rest of the jihadist gang might not exist, and the people of Syria might not be fighting for their lives today. Some may remember in 2003 a succession of BBC reporters turning to the camera and telling us that British Prime Minister Tony Blair was “vindicated” for what turned out to be the crime of the century, the invasion of Iraq. The US television networks produced the same validation for George W. Bush. Fox News brought on former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger to effuse over then-Secretary of State Colin Powell’s fabrications. The same year, soon after the invasion, I filmed an interview in Washington with Charles Lewis, the renowned American investigative journalist. I asked him, “What would have happened if the freest media in the world had seriously challenged what turned out to be crude propaganda?” He replied that if journalists had done their job, “there is a very, very good chance we would not have gone to war in Iraq.” It was a shocking statement, and one supported by other famous journalists to whom I put the same question — Dan Rather of CBS, David Rose of the Observer, and journalists and producers in the BBC, who wished to remain anonymous. In other words, had journalists done their job, had they challenged and investigated the propaganda instead of amplifying it, hundreds of thousands of men, women and children would be alive today, and there would be no ISIS and no siege of Aleppo or Mosul. There would have been no atrocity on the London Underground on July 7, 2005. There would have been no flight of millions of refugees; there would be no miserable camps. When the terrorist atrocity happened in Paris last November, President Francoise Hollande immediately sent planes to bomb Syria – and more terrorism followed, predictably, the product of Hollande’s bombast about France being “at war” and “showing no mercy.” That state violence and jihadist violence feed off each other is the truth that no national leader has the courage to speak. “When the truth is replaced by silence,” said the Soviet dissident Yevtushenko, “the silence is a lie.” Punishing Independence The attack on Iraq, the attack on Libya, the attack on Syria happened because the leader in each of these countries was not a puppet of the West. The human rights record of a Saddam or a Gaddafi was irrelevant. They did not obey orders and surrender control of their country. The same fate awaited Slobodan Milosevic once he had refused to sign an “agreement” that demanded the occupation of Serbia and its conversion to a market economy. His people were bombed, and he was prosecuted in The Hague. Independence of this kind is intolerable. As WikLeaks has revealed, it was only when the Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad in 2009 rejected an oil pipeline, running through his country from Qatar to Europe, that he was attacked. From that moment, the CIA planned to destroy the government of Syria with jihadist fanatics – the same fanatics currently holding the people of Mosul and eastern Aleppo hostage. Why is this not news? The former British Foreign Office official Carne Ross, who was responsible for operating sanctions against Iraq, told me: “We would feed journalists factoids of sanitized intelligence, or we would freeze them out. That is how it worked.” The West’s medieval client, Saudi Arabia – to which the US and Britain sell billions of dollars’ worth of arms – is at present destroying Yemen, a country so poor that in the best of times, half the children are malnourished. Look on YouTube and you will see the kind of massive bombs – “our” bombs – that the Saudis use against dirt-poor villages, and against weddings, and funerals. The explosions look like small atomic bombs. The bomb aimers in Saudi Arabia work side-by-side with British officers. This fact is not on the evening news. Refined Messengers Propaganda is most effective when our consent is engineered by those with a fine education – Oxford, Cambridge, Harvard, Columbia – and with careers on the BBC, the Guardian, the New York Times, the Washington Post. These organizations are known as the “liberal media.” They present themselves as enlightened, progressive tribunes of the moral zeitgeist. They are anti-racist, pro-feminist and pro-LGBT. And they love war. While they speak up for feminism, they support rapacious wars that deny the rights of countless women, including the right to life. In 2011, Libya, then a modern state, was destroyed on the pretext that Muammar Gaddafi was about to commit genocide on his own people. That was the incessant news; and there was no evidence. It was a lie. In fact, Britain, Europe and the United States wanted what they like to call “regime change” in Libya, the biggest oil producer in Africa. Gaddafi’s influence in the continent and, above all, his independence were intolerable. So Gaddafi was murdered with a knife in his rear by fanatics, backed by America, Britain and France. Hillary Clinton cheered his gruesome death for the camera, declaring, “We came, we saw, he died!” The destruction of Libya was a media triumph. As the war drums were beaten, Jonathan Freedland wrote in the Guardian: “Though the risks are very real, the case for intervention remains strong.” Intervention – what a polite, benign, Guardian word, whose real meaning, for Libya, was death and destruction. According to its own records, NATO launched 9,700 “strike sorties” against Libya, of which more than a third were aimed at civilian targets. They included missiles with uranium warheads. Look at the photographs of the rubble of Misurata and Sirte, and the mass graves identified by the Red Cross. The Unicef report on the children killed says, “most [of them] under the age of ten.” As a direct consequence, Sirte became a capital of ISIS. Ukraine is another media triumph. Respectable liberal newspapers such as the New York Times, the Washington Post and the Guardian, and mainstream broadcasters such as the BBC, NBC, CBS, CNN have played a critical role in conditioning their viewers to accept a new and dangerous Cold War. All have misrepresented events in Ukraine as a malign act by Russia when, in fact, the coup in Ukraine in 2014 was the work of the United States, aided by Germany and NATO. Inversion of Reality This inversion of reality is so pervasive that Washington’s military intimidation of Russia is not news; it is suppressed behind a smear-and-scare campaign of the kind I grew up with during the first Cold War. Once again, the Russkies are coming to get us, led by another Stalin, whom The Economist depicts as the devil. The suppression of the truth about Ukraine is one of the most complete news blackouts I can remember. The fascists who engineered the coup in Kiev are the same breed that backed the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941. Of all the scares about the rise of fascist anti-Semitism in Europe, no leader ever mentions the fascists in Ukraine – except Vladimir Putin, but he does not count. Many in the Western media have worked hard to present the ethnic Russian-speaking population of Ukraine as outsiders in their own country, as agents of Moscow, almost never as Ukrainians seeking a federation within Ukraine and as Ukrainian citizens resisting a foreign-orchestrated coup against their elected government. There is almost the joie d’esprit of a class reunion of warmongers. The drum-beaters of the Washington Post inciting war with Russia are the very same editorial writers who published the lie that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction. Excerpt reprinted with permission from RT . Selling ‘Regime Change’ Wars to the Masses Related",0
6646,World War 3?, ,0
6647,Study: Extreme Protest Tactics Reduce Support for Causes - Breitbart,"A study conducted at the University of Toronto concluded that extreme protest tactics such as blocking traffic, damaging property, and rioting actually reduce popular support for the political movements that employ them. [The study, which was conducted by Professor Matthew Feinberg of the University of Toronto, is entitled “Extreme Protest Tactics Reduce Popular Support For Social Movements,” and suggests that unusual protest tactics such as rioting reduce support for the movements that choose to employ them.  Feinberg claims that he was inspired to study the effects of such forms of protests during his time as a graduate student at UC Berkeley, a time in which he claims he attended many protests himself. Feinberg and his graduate advisor at UCB began to wonder “which tactics would be more successful than others and which tactics could” backfire. Feinberg set up experiments in which research participants were exposed to videos of the protest tactics of members of animal rights groups, Black Lives Matter, and   protesters. Feinberg concluded that the more extreme a protest became, the less likely the participant was to support the movement. In an interview with Campus Reform, Feinberg claimed that participants were especially turned off by the   protesters who chose to block traffic. “What we found most startling was in the   protests. When participants were exposed to the traffic blocking video —  the participants regardless of their political ideology —  showed an increase in support when presented with that video,” Feinberg said. Asked about the recent riots at his alma mater in response to a visit by Breitbart Senior Editor MILO, Feinberg remarked that the protesters’ conduct could definitely be considered “extreme protest behaviors,” suggesting that their efforts in attracting support to their movement have likely backfired.",0
6648,Germany Clamping Down on Offshore Tax Havens,"Germany Clamping Down on Offshore Tax Havens November 03, 2016 Germany Clamping Down on Offshore Tax Havens 
German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble wants to force Germans to disclose their dealings with offshore firms in tax havens and make banks liable for lost tax income if they conceal their clients' business with such firms, a draft law shows. Tax havens were thrown into the limelight in April when a huge leak of documents from the Panama-based law firm Mossack Fonseca showed how offshore firms are used to stash the wealth of the rich and powerful. Germany made closer international cooperation on tax evasion a priority during its presidency of the G7 economic powers in 2014/15 and in April Schaeuble announced a 10-point plan to combat tax havens. The German draft law seen by Reuters says that Germans will in future need to report to tax authorities any indirect or direct stake of at least 10 percent that they have in firms abroad. Citizens will also need to report relations with firms outside the European Union or the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) if they control them. That would prevent offshore firms from being secretly founded. 
Those who do not disclose their foreign firms to the tax authorities might find that the start of the statute of limitations is blocked for 10 years, the draft law says. 
Under the draft law, taxes that are evaded could, in some cases, still be collected even 20 years later and violating an obligation to be transparent could lead to a fine of 25,000 euros ($27,675.00). 
Banks would need to report relationships with foreign firms that they organize for clients if their share in an offshore firm reaches 30 percent. Otherwise the bank could face a fine of 50,000 euros. The bank would then also responsible for the lost tax income. 
The German banking industry committee said the draft law overshot the mark and effectively put all firms outside of the EU and EFTA under general suspicion. ""The bureaucratic burden bears no relation to the benefit achieved,"" it said in a statement. 
Schaeuble wants to get rid of a paragraph in the fiscal code that is key to banking secrecy because it prevents auditors who accidentally stumble upon a list of possible offshore firms owned by bank customers from passing this information to tax authorities. 
But the draft law would not affect banking secrecy granted by civil law, which prevents banks from giving information to third parties such as other companies. 
The draft law says tax offices would in future be able to direct collective requests for information to banks, effectively meaning bank customers with offshore accounts can no longer hide behind their banks. 
The draft law would also put tax evasion in the list of very serious tax crimes so a longer statute of limitations of 10 years would apply. 
It needs to be approved by the Bundestag lower house of parliament and the Bundesrat upper house. The latter is likely to give the green light because Germany's federal states, which are represented in that house, have already come up with some of their own proposals for how to deal with offshore firms. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories",0
6649,7 Virtue-Signaling Celebrities Silent on Massacre of Coptic Christians - Breitbart,"  insist that they are the champions of minorities, yet one oppressed group always seems conspicuously absent from their social media    —   Christian minorities in the Muslim world, like the estimated 26 Coptic Christians who were massacred by a Muslim gunman in Egypt earlier today. [Normally, any allegation of mistreatment of a minority, even those of dubious provenance like 2015’s “Clock Boy” incident, will be met with an instant wave of reflexive   virtue signalling from celebrities on social media.  Yet this strangely does not seem to apply to the Christian minority in the Middle East, the   persecution of whom occurs on a regular basis. It’s not because of any Anglocentrism on Hollywood’s part  —   celebrities regularly present themselves as advocates for oppressed groups in the third world, from Rwandans to refugees from Darfur. So why not Christians? Particularly the Coptic Christians, who have been in the Middle East since the time of Christ and are somewhat similar to Native Americans  —   an ancient people who were sidelined by militarily superior and often brutal colonizers. Listed below are seven celebrities who regularly speak out against the alleged persecution of minorities, including Muslims, refugees, the LGBT community and more. Yet so far, they have said nothing about today’s massacre of Coptic Christians. 1. Katy Perry, Katy Perry, in response to the brutal Muslim attack on fellow songstress Ariana Grande’s concert in Manchester, urged for “barriers and borders” to be removed, and for everyone to “coexist. ” She also worries about the persecution of minorities. Following the election of Donald Trump, she produced a PSA featuring a Muslim woman discussing the internment of   during World War II, warning viewers not to let “history repeat itself. ” A UNICEF goodwill ambassador, Perry also cares about oppression in nonwestern countries. So, as someone who 1) recently saw a friend’s concert attacked by an Islamic extremist, 2) worries about the mistreatment of minorities, and 3) is concerned with oppression in the third world, surely Perry must be alarmed by the massacre of Coptic Christians, by an Islamic extremist, in Egypt. Yet so far, Katy Perry’s feeds on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram say nothing about the massacre. Maybe she just forgot to have an intern read her the headlines this morning. 2. Bill Nye, The “Science Guy” with a bachelor’s degree in Engineering declares in the title of his new Netflix show that he is going to “Save The World. ” And, true to his word, the show is packed with     crusades, from   climate change to sticking up for the right of such overlooked minorities as “flirty pansexual  . ” One would think that someone who knows of such obscure minorities would have a little time to Save the World from the persecution of religious minorities, but so far, the         has said nothing about today’s massacre of Egyptian Christians. 3. Kumail Nanjiani, One of the most outspoken progressives on social media, the    Muslim comedian has said just about everything. He’s said climate change deniers are worse than Holocaust deniers, he’s accused President Trump of “breeding evil” with his repeatedly blocked proposals on Muslim immigration, and he of course Stood With Ahmed. Nanjiani, who frequently complains about his own condition as a famous   celebrity oppressed Muslim minority, makes it clear that we should speak out against bigotry at every opportunity: We can’t let     be normalized. If something happens, be safe, but let it be known we won’t stand for this.  —   Kumail Nanjiani (@kumailn) November 12, 2016,  That’s why, as a prominent Muslim with a massive platform, it must only be a matter of time before he speaks out against the murderous bigotry currently being faced by Egypt’s Christian minority. Let’s keep waiting  —   it’s bound to happen soon! 4. Meryl Streep  Another vocal progressive, Streep hates Trump so much she used her acceptance speech for the prestigious Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement award at the Golden Globes to take shots at the president, suggesting he wants to “kick out foreigners. ” She cares about minorities, like gays, people of color, women, and convicted child rapist Roman Polanski so much that the Human Rights Campaign invited her to speak at their annual gala. Streep has yet to say anything about today’s extraordinary violation of human rights in Egypt. 5. George Takei, George Takei has become Hollywood’s   celebrity for boring, mainstream leftist opinions on gay rights. After the Orlando shootings, when 50 attendees of a gay nightclub were shot by a disciple of Islamic State, Takei immediately penned an   calling for more gun control (as opposed to less Islam). He also used the occasion to attack   Donald Trump. Given that he isn’t willing to call out Islam when they target his own community, it’s perhaps no surprise that he’s said nothing about the Coptic Christians. Six of his eight tweets today have been devoted to criticism of the Trump administration. None mention the attack in Egypt. 6. Lena Dunham, After the election of Donald Trump, Hollywood’s    penned an essay expressing her support for “those in the prison system, those with undocumented American relatives, those who are trans, who are queer, who are people of color, who are Muslim, who are trying to prosecute their abusers” who have “have felt the crushing failure of the system over and over again. ” That’s a lot of minorities she cares about. But unlike Dunham, who had her feelings hurt by the election of Trump, people actually died today in Egypt. Christian minorities brutalized at the hands of Islam, it seems, have yet to make Dunham’s list. 7. J. K Rowling  Harry Potter author J. K Rowling has emerged as one of the most   celebrities on social media following the election. In addition to repeatedly attacking president Trump, Rowling has repeatedly made it clear that she opposes the mistreatment of minorities, even calling attention to allegedly racist social media attacks on obscure academics. She also regularly comments on European politics, urging the British government in 2015 to take in more refugees from the Middle East. If you can’t imagine yourself in one of those boats, you have something missing. They are dying for a life worth living. #refugeeswelcome,  —   J. K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) September 3, 2015,  You would think that an   advocate like Rowling would jump to call attention to the plight of religious minorities in the Middle East. Such an approach might soften the attitudes of conservatives who oppose taking in refugees from those regions. Yet it’s almost 5pm in the U. K, and Rowling has yet to comment on the violent deaths of more than 20 Coptic Christians. An Unfashionable Minority? Credit where credit is due  —   one prominent progressive, Linda Sarsour, has said the terrorists responsible for today’s attack can “rot in an eternal hell. ” May the terrorists rot in an eternal hell. Sending love  solidarity to our Coptic sisters and brothers. #Egypt https:  .   —   Linda Sarsour (@lsarsour) May 26, 2017,  But she seems to be a lone voice amongst prominent   who rarely miss an opportunity to comment on any perceived injustice against minorities, anywhere in the world. Perhaps persecuted Christians are simply not a fashionable minority. You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter and add him on Facebook. Email tips and suggestions to abokhari@breitbart. com.",0
6650,"Alvin Toffler, Author of ‘Future Shock,’ Dies at 87 - The New York Times","Alvin Toffler, the celebrated author of “Future Shock,” the first in a trilogy of   books that presciently forecast how people and institutions of the late 20th century would contend with the immense strains and soaring opportunities of accelerating change, died on Monday at his home in Los Angeles. He was 87. His death was confirmed by his consulting firm, Toffler Associates, based in Reston, Va. Mr. Toffler was a   social science scholar and successful freelance magazine writer in the   when he decided to spend five years studying the underlying causes of a cultural upheaval that he saw overtaking the United States and other developed countries. The fruit of his research, “Future Shock” (1970) sold millions of copies and was translated into dozens of languages, catapulting Mr. Toffler to international fame. It is still in print. In the book, in which he synthesized disparate facts from every corner of the globe, he concluded that the convergence of science, capital and communications was producing such swift change that it was creating an entirely new kind of society. His predictions about the consequences to culture, the family, government and the economy were remarkably accurate. He foresaw the development of cloning, the popularity and influence of personal computers and the invention of the internet, cable television and telecommuting. “The roaring current of change,” he said, was producing visible and measurable effects in individuals that fractured marriages, overwhelmed families and caused “confusional breakdowns” manifested in rising crime, drug use and social alienation. He saw these phenomena as very human psychological responses to disorientation and proposed that they were challenging the very structures of communities, institutions and nations. He continued these themes in two successful   books, “The Third Wave” (1980) and “Powershift” (1990) assisted by his wife, Heidi Toffler, who served as a researcher and editor for the trilogy and was a named   in subsequent books. She survives him. Mr. Toffler popularized the phrase “information overload. ” His warnings could be bleak, cautioning that people and institutions that failed to keep pace with change would face ruin. But he was generally optimistic. He was among the first authors to recognize that knowledge, not labor and raw materials, would become the most important economic resource of advanced societies. Critics were not sure what to make of Mr. Toffler’s literary style or scholarship. Richard R. Lingeman wrote in The New York Times that Mr. Toffler “sends flocks of facts and speculation whirling past like birds in a tornado. ” In Time magazine, the reviewer R. Z. Sheppard wrote, “Toffler’s redundant delivery and overheated prose turned kernels of truth into puffed generalities. ” Mr. Toffler’s work nevertheless found an eager readership among the general public, on college campuses, in corporate suites and in national governments. Newt Gingrich, the former Republican speaker of the House, met the Tofflers in the 1970s and became close to them. He said “The Third Wave” had immensely influenced his own thinking and was “one of the great seminal works of our time. ” Prime Minister Zhao Ziyang of China convened conferences to discuss “The Third Wave” in the early 1980s, and in 1985 the book was the No. 2 best seller in China. Only the speeches of the Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping sold more copies. Mr. Toffler was born in New York on Oct. 4, 1928, and raised in Brooklyn, the only son and elder of two children of Sam and Rose Toffler, immigrants from Poland. His father was a furrier. Alvin began to write poetry and stories soon after learning to read and aspired to be a writer from the time he was 7 years old, he told interviewers. His inspiration, he said, came from an uncle and aunt  —   Phil Album, an editor, and Ruth Album, a poet  —   who lived with the Tofflers. “They were   literary intellectuals,” Mr. Toffler said in an interview for this obituary in 2006, “and they always talked about exciting ideas. ” Mr. Toffler enrolled in New York University in 1946 and, by his account, spent the next four years only mildly interested in his academic work. He was far more engaged in political activism. In the fall of 1948, during a brief trip home from helping to register black voters in North Carolina, he met Adelaide Elizabeth Farrell, known as Heidi. “I went to Washington Square,” he said, “and as I walked across the park, I saw a girl in one of my classes. And next to her was a gorgeous blonde. We have been inseparable since. ” Where Mr. Toffler was voluble and visionary, Ms. Toffler was cleareyed and direct. Early in 1950, before they were married, she persuaded him to finish his course work at N. Y. U. and graduate with a degree in English. “I barely made it,” he recalled. “I paid no attention to credits. In my youthful view I thought, ‘Who needs ceremony?’ Heidi is far more practical. ” Both shared expansive intellects and the passion to make their lives matter. Like the writers he most admired, Mr. Toffler wanted experiences to report on. “Steinbeck went to pick grapes,” he said. “Jack London sailed ships. ” The couple decided to move to Cleveland, then at the very center of industrial America. They were married there on April 29, 1950, by a justice of the peace whom Mr. Toffler described as a “roaring drunk. ” They lived on the city’s west side and took production jobs in separate factories. Mr. Toffler learned to weld and repair machinery and came to understand in the most personal way the toll that physical labor can have on industrial workers. He broke a vertebra when a steel beam he was helping to unload twisted unexpectedly and fell on him. At night, Mr. Toffler wrote poetry and fiction and discovered he was proficient in neither. But he still aspired to be a writer. In 1954, soon after the birth of the couple’s only child, Karen, he persuaded the editor of Industry and Welding, a national trade magazine published in Cleveland, to hire him as a reporter. Mr. Toffler recalled: “The editor told me, ‘You’re getting this job because you know how to weld. Now, show me you know how to write. ’” Mr. Toffler soon landed a job as a reporter for Labor’s Daily, a national trade newspaper published in Charleston, W. Va. by the International Typographical Union. It sent him to Washington to cover labor news there in 1957. Two years later, he sent Fortune magazine a proposal to write an article about the economics of the growing mainstream interest in the arts. Fortune rejected the idea but invited Mr. Toffler to New York for an interview and hired him as its labor editor and columnist. He left Fortune in 1962 and, with his wife as editor and adviser, began a   career covering politics, technology and social science for scholarly journals and writing long interviews for Playboy magazine. His 1964 Playboy interview with the Russian novelist Vladimir Nabokov was considered one of the magazine’s best. Besides his wife, Mr. Toffler is survived by a sister, Caroline Sitter. The Tofflers’ daughter died in 2000. Mr. Toffler published 13 books and won numerous honors, including a career achievement award in 2005 from the American Society of Journalists and Authors. He and his wife formed Toffler Associates, a global forecasting and consulting company, originally based in Manchester, Mass. in 1996. In recent years, benefiting from hindsight, some critics said Mr. Toffler had gotten much wrong. Shel Israel, an author and commentator who writes about social media for Forbes, took issue with Mr. Toffler in 2012 for painting “a picture of people who were isolated and depressed, cut off from human intimacy by a relentless fire hose of messages and data barraging us. ” But, he added: “We are not isolated by it. And when the information overloads us, most people are still wise enough to use the power of the ‘Off’ button to gain some peace. ” In writing “Future Shock” 46 years ago, Mr. Toffler acknowledged that the future he saw coming might ultimately differ in the details from what actually came to pass. “No serious futurist deals in ‘predictions,’” he wrote in the book’s introduction. “These are left for television oracles and newspaper astrologers. ” He advised readers to “concern themselves more and more with general theme, rather than detail. ” That theme, he emphasized, was that “the rate of change has implications quite apart from, and sometimes more important than, the directions of change. ” He added, “We who explore the future are like those ancient mapmakers, and it is in this spirit that the concept of future shock and the theory of the adaptive range are presented here  —   not as final word, but as a first approximation of the new realities, filled with danger and promise, created by the accelerative thrust. ”",0
6651,Connect Series Webinar Oct 2016 | Financial Markets,"(Before It's News)
 We cover the most dominating themes in the markets and share pattern analysis and perspectives to empower members to make better investment decisions.",0
6652,Report: Only 36 Percent of Indian Software Engineers Can Write Useful Code - Breitbart,"A new report states that only 36 percent of Indian software engineers can write working, compilable code based on a test used to automatically grade programming skills. [The report was published by Aspiring Minds, an Indian skills assessment company, which based their report on a sample of 36, 800 people from more than 500 colleges across India. The company used an automated tool called Automata to perform the study. Automata is a   test that is taken in a compiler integrated environment that rates candidates on a number of levels including programming ability, programming practices,   complexity, and test case coverage. Candidates in the test were made up of 61. 1 percent male candidates and 38. 9 percent female candidates, coming from cities such as Delhi, Chennai, Mumbai, and Hyderabad.  Automata utilizes advanced artificial intelligence technology to automatically analyze and grade a candidates coding abilities. The study states, “We find that out of the two problems given per candidate, only 14 percent of engineers were able to write compilable codes for both and only 22 percent were able to write compilable code for exactly one problem. ” The test also found that of all the subjects tested, only 14. 67 percent would be employable by a modern IT firm. When testing for candidates that could write fully functional code using the best practices and methods, only 2. 21 percent passed the test. “Functionally correct code is the basic requisite of a good programmer. However, to enhance the quality of the code, a few more important indicators have emerged  —   efficiency, time complexity and space complexity,” the study said, “Nothing is more   than dealing with badly written code which leads to enormous bugs and exceptions. The analysis unveils that only 2. 21 percent of engineers possess the skillset to write logically correct code with best efficiency and least   complexity. ” The full report from Aspiring Minds can be found here. Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
6653,Tim Kaine: “The Catholic Church Will Change Its Same-Sex Marriage Stance Or It Will Be Banned From The U.S.”,"Email 

Democratic U.S. vice-presidential nominee Tim Kaine announced Saturday that he believes the Catholic Church will change its position on same-sex marriage. The Virginia senator said that just like he had changed his opinion on the issue, the Catholic Church is also likely to follow suit. Speaking at the 20th Annual Human Rights Campaign’s National Dinner in Washington, the Roman Catholic senator reportedly said, “I think it’s going to change because my church also teaches me about a creator who, in the first chapter of Genesis, surveyed the entire world, including mankind, and said, ‘It is very good.’” 
“And besides,” he continued, “we are talking here about a country that was based and founded on democracy as a core value. By definition, that means that every single person and every single citizen is able – no, scratch that – encouraged to practice his civil, religious, and above all, sexual liberties to the best of their abilities. And I’m sorry that some people don’t like it, but to deny same-sex marriage in a country that should be the first one to accept it is just pointless. And the Catholic Church should also be accepting it instead of condemning it, which is what it’s doing right now.” 
Kaine also added that, if all else fails, “there are ways of making the Catholic Church listen to the voice of reason,” which is how he dubbed all those who advocate LGBT equality. “At the end of the day, you know, we’re a civilized people, of course the first thing we’ll do is act nicely and ask nicely,” he said. “Then, if that doesn’t work, we’ll use our law and our legal system to enable ourselves to be who we are, or rather the LBGT community will do that – and it has. The Supreme Court’s ruling on same-sex marriage was a crucial milestone in our legal system that proves it works, it actually functions.” 
“So, what I’m saying here,” he argued, “is that, while I respect the Catholic Church as I’m sure millions of Americans do, you know, at some point it is going to start acting contrary to the Christian faith, and we’re talking about an institution that’s supposed to be the first one on the front line defending it. So, when that happens, and that’s what’s happening with condemning LGBT rights, we’ll state an ultimatum. The United States of America, more precisely, the future President of the United States of America, Hillary Clinton, will state an ultimatum. And that ultimatum will be to either change its stance on same-sex marriage or pack its bags and get out of America. And yes – the President of the country can do that.” 
“And in case anybody’s wondering – no, Donald Trump won’t do the same because he doesn’t care about anyone other than Donald Trump. On the other hand, Hillary Clinton is a shining example of honesty, integrity and democracy, and you can rest assured she will do everything in her power as the president to make sure gays and lesbians throughout America are loved, respected and viewed as equals during her presidential term. What happens after that is not our problem,” Kaine concluded.",0
6654,"Kiev officials forced to declare incomes, Ukrainians threaten revolt","October 31, 2016 - Fort Russ -  Ruslan Ostashko, PolitRussia - translated by J. Arnoldski - 


Once again, the Ukrainian electorate is being taken for a grand ride and being stirred up. Whether unfortunately or fortunately, our information field overlaps with the raging infofield of our neighbors, and we have the opportunity to observe in real time the nervous breakdown of particularly impressionable citizens in neighboring Ukraine.  
Some Russian connoisseurs take pleasure in this spectacle, and this are understandable. The point is that Western advisors have forced Ukrainian politicians and officials to declare their income and assets and open up testaments of this information for public access. Due to the primitiveness of the Ukrainian political class, which loves to steal a lot openly and is also full of confidence that nothing will happen, the contents of their declarations of assets was simply extravagant. 
Speaking plainly, reading the declarations of the leaders of the Maidan leaves its supporters in depression or rage. Some people particularly sensitive in nature are going mad and falling into depression at the same time. They can also be understood. It’s not pleasant for anyone to feel like a sucker and loser who has been let down in the most primitive way. 
In this sense, Poroshenko’s declaration of assets is not so impressive, since his wealth is already widely known. Some Ukrainians are even proud that Poroshenko is richer than Putin and many American presidents. But the declarations of ordinary members of the Ukrainian political class are shocking. 
For example, Verkhovna Rada deputy Demchak, the deputy chairman of the committee regulating banking operations, revealed a bank account with 2,000 UAH and 133 million UAH in cash. Besides obvious questions as to the origins of this wealth, there’s also the high trust which only a politician responsible for Ukrainian banks could have in the Ukrainian banking system.  
133 million UAH in cash looks very patriotic because the rest of Ukrainian politicians also prefer cash, but dollars or euros, not gryvnia. 
The declaration of Gontareva, the head of the National Bank of Ukraine, revealed $1.8 million and only 62,000 UAH. I think that all questions about the prospects of the Ukrainian currency’s course can be left aside, as the question as to how Gontareva has this money is what will continue to excite inquisitive Ukrainian citizens.  
In general, Ukrainian officials’ declarations are reminiscent of fragments from the works of Ilf and Petrov about petty schemers who seized too much power. Formerly poor politicians suddenly find a collection of antique paintings, tons of cash money, antique books, jewelry, and large plots of land and shares in commercial companies.  
The reactions to all of this on social networks are also fascinating. For example, social network users write that the declarations “destroyed faith in the country” or dismayed them for having been sent to the ATO for “the last 5 gryvnia” while deputies were earning millions. Other users expect a “short and merciless revolt” which, this time, is supposed to bring genuinely honest professionals to power. 
Politicians and their paid trolls are calling disgruntled citizens “pinheads” and demanding that they rejoice that they’ve been allowed to see how the successful and hard-working leaders of the Maidan live, who have by leaps and bounds been leading Ukraine towards its bright European future. 
I am especially touched by those who sincerely believe that the asset declarations are a kind of silver bullet with which the Americans are killing Ukrainian corruption. This is nonsense. As a kind of humanitarian assistance to the fraternal Ukrainian people, I’ll tell you why this happened and how it will end. 
Let’s start with the most simple. No Maidan was needed to force deputies and officials to submit declarations. Seriously, not at all. In Russia, officials have long had to submit declarations and they are meticulously studied by relevant authorities and opposition activists. This is the first point. 
Secondly, the Americans are forcing Ukrainian officials to submit declarations not because they care about ordinary Ukrainians, but because they are trying to improve the culture of the colonial administration, i.e., take out of the picture those politicians who are too stupid to organize theft even by South American standards. Roughly speaking, the declarations made it clear why Poroshenko is president. At least he knows how to use offshore companies and doesn’t stuff bags with cash. 
Thirdly, those who think that the system of declaring assets is a guarantee that there will be no more corruption are very naive people. Similar systems exist in South America, Europe, Asia, and even Moldova. This system keeps complete idiots out of government, but makes little difference overall. 
Fourthly, the only real benefit of this system is that those who are now offended over having received only 5 gryvnia can guess that these millions of euros and dollars in cash didn’t fall to deputies from the sky, but came from giving others only 5 gryvnia. Unfortunately, people haven’t realized this yet. Those who are outraged on social networks can’t even use logic to remember that the “vatniks” and “colorados”  of Donbass warned them about this before. 
Fifthly, there will be no revolt. No one was smart enough to set aside money for this, and color revolutions don’t happen without money. Ukrainian politicians will continue to plunder their fellow citizens who, after the recent scandals, now believe that the fight against corruption is going at full speed… 

Finally, judging by media reports, the Netherlands still haven't ratified the association agreement with Ukraine. There is the chance that studying the lists of Ukrainian politicians’ assets will distract Ukrainians from such sad thoughts. They will continue to believe that the Maidan was for the association agreement with the EU, not for the sake of Gontareva or Poroshenko’s millions. This means that they still have a lot of surprises awaiting them. As long as they do not admit that they made a foolish mistake, the situation will not change for the better.  


     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
6655,Ann Coulter: Obama Should Testify Under Oath on Trump Campaign Surveillance - Breitbart,"Using the hashtag #PutObamaUnderOath,   author and political pundit Ann Coulter tweeted that while knowing the truth about Barack Obama’s National Security Advisor Susan Rice allegedly ordering surveillance of President Donald Trump’s presidential campaign aides, Obama should also testify before Congress on the matter. [“Susan Rice testimony now essential, but insufficient,” Coulter tweeted on Tuesday. “Must hear from Obama. ”  Susan Rice testimony now essential, but insufficient.  Must hear from Obama. #PutObamaUnderOath,  —   Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) April 4, 2017,  Coulter also suggested in another tweet that Michelle Obama may be able to shed some light on the White House surveillance activities during her husband’s tenure. “I don’t know if what she knows is privileged, but we need to hear from Michelle too,” Coulter tweeted. I don’t know if what she knows is privileged, but we need to hear from Michelle, too. #PutObamaUnderOath,  —   Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) April 4, 2017,  Rice allegedly ordered surveillance of Donald Trump’s campaign aides during the 2016 presidential election, and maintained spreadsheets of their telephone calls, the Daily Caller reported. The alleged spreadsheets add a new dimension to reports on Sunday and Monday by blogger Mike Cernovich and Eli Lake of Bloomberg News that Rice had asked for Trump aides’ names to be “unmasked” in intelligence reports. The alleged “unmasking” may have been legal, but may also have been part of an alleged political intelligence operation to disseminate reports on the Trump campaign widely throughout government with the aim of leaking them to the press. The surveillance and spreadsheet operation were allegedly “ordered one year before the 2016 presidential election. ” According to a Fox News report on Monday, former White House aide Ben Rhodes was also involved.",0
6656,Comment on White House’s Amazing Response To Westboro Baptist Church Petitions (IMAGE) by cartier bracelet repliques,"Subscribe 
One thing that seems to unite most Americans is the collective disgust for the members of the Westboro Baptist Church and their antics. Many organizations and individuals have shown action in addressing this nuisance and that includes the creation of online petitions to the White House. See the five petitions — which call for the removal of Westboro Baptist Church’s 501(c)(3) status and legal recognition as a hate group — in the screen-capture below: 
It took the White House a while to respond, but when they did, it was inspiring. In the Official White Response to Westboro Baptist Church petitions , the White House explained that their options are limited. 
To the extent that these petitions request a particular law enforcement or adjudicatory action, we cannot issue a comment. In addition, as a matter of practice, the federal government doesn’t maintain a list of hate groups. 
However, as is characteristic of our president and his administration, they found another way to respond to the Westboro Baptist Church petitions — with a heartfelt message and visual. 
[…] one of the remarkable things about this set of petitions is that it shows just how strong the bonds that unite us can be. Together, we’re more resilient than those who would try to drive us apart. 
The White House noted that the signers of the petitions were nationwide, but densely clustered in a couple of specific areas: 
Take, for instance, this map of all the signers of the petition “Legally recognize Westboro Baptist Church as a hate group”— that we built with the zip codes that people chose to share with us when they signed. The darker color indicates a higher percentage of signers for that particular area’s population. While support for these petitions came from all over the country, it was densely clustered in two places that have unique insight into the actions of the Westboro Baptist Church — Kansas, the state the church calls home, and Newtown, Connecticut, where the church threatened to picket the funerals of those killed at Sandy Hook Elementary. 

The Westboro Baptist Church makes a practice of picketing the funerals of activists, Jewish leaders, gay people, soldiers, and….well, just about everyone. Fred Phelps,the leader of the group, is an attorney and is reputed by many sources to be a con-man who engages in controversial activities so that he can subsequently sue when officials, in their attempts to protect the rights of other people, violate the church’s rights. He is careful to not actually break the law 
The White House response is amazing and correct. The disrespect that the Westboro Baptist Church shows our fallen soldiers serves to draw Americans together in unity and respect for that which we hold sacred. 
The graves of our veterans are hallowed ground, and when men and women die in the service of their country and are laid to rest, it should be done with the utmost honor and respect. – President Barack Obama 
Silhouetted image by via Google Images by Life Magazine 
About Tiffany Willis 
Tiffany Willis is a fifth-generation Texan, a proponent of voluntary simplicity, a single mom, and the founder and editor-in-chief of Liberal America. An unapologetic member of the Christian Left, she has spent most of her career actively working with “the least of these"" -- disadvantaged and oppressed populations, the elderly, people living in poverty, at-risk youth, and unemployed people. She is a Certified Workforce Expert with the National Workforce Institute , a NAWDP Certified Workforce Development Professional, and a certified instructor for Franklin Covey's 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens . Follow her on Twitter , Facebook , or LinkedIn . She also has a grossly neglected personal blog , a Time Travel blog , a site dedicated to encouraging people to read classic literature 15 minutes a day , and a literary quotes blog that is a labor of love . Find her somewhere and join the discussion. Click here to buy Tiff a mojito. Connect",0
6657,"Part 1: Poverty and Crime: ""We can hire half the poor to kill the other half.""","License DMCA Today, no one is discussing our worst problem, growing poverty. Trump proposes Law and Order and more police in poor neighborhoods. Will more police end poverty or make it worse? How can we understand crime and its solutions without understanding its origins both historically and in terms of system? This is my attempt to come to terms with the joined evils of poverty and crime and thus form an understanding that leads to real solutions, a topic made off limits in this election. Like an infection, poverty and crime will only get worse if ignored.
German philosopher Hegel (whom Marx turned upside down) noted the ""paradox"" of poverty amidst great wealth: 
""[D]espite an excess of wealth, civil society is not wealthy enough -- i.e., its own distinct resources are not sufficient -- to prevent an excess of poverty and the formation of a rabble."" Ah, the rabble democracy: mob rule. 
Like Aristotle 2000 years earlier, he sees that ""poverty is the parent of crime."" 
Lack of wealth, in a society where people are equal, does not create crime (for it creates no motive for crime). If you look out and all live in humble shacks, that's life. Enjoy! Skyscrapers - shanghai17s jimdo page! License DMCA - Advertisement - 
But if you look up from the slums to the mansions of the rich, if you see Trump Tower looming in the distance, this produces a sense of moral outrage, anger, resentment, a desire to correct things or to do revenge. This hostility to one's circumstances in life usually leads to crimes against fellow victims of inequality. The reaction to gross inequality is rooted in a moral sense of injustice: this can be misguided into crime against fellow victims....or harnassed for revolutionary change in which the poor stop killing each other and unite to crush their oppressors, the very people arming them to kill each other. This is the awakening that Marx tried to explain. 
And it is not just a ""natural"" result of inequality; it is deliberate, as Jay Gould said, when asked what to do about the poor rising up, that we can hire half the poor to kill the other half. Divide and Conquer: A strategy to managing your finances ... License DMCA 
The imperialist logic of divide, conquer (and loot) applies not only to foreign conquests but internally, for society is itself a set of populations based on class, from the Gates and Trumps of the world, to the malnourished children of the poor, not only in Bangladesh (where Trump's clothing is made by slave labor) but in New York City. - Advertisement - 
Hegel formed the justification for the totalitarian state: ""The Nation State is spirit in its ... actuality ... it is therefore the absolute power on earth. ... The State is the Spirit of the People itself.
""All the worth which the human being possesses - all spiritual reality, he possesses only through the State . ... For Truth is the Unity of the universal and subjective Will; and The Universal is to be found in the State, in its laws, its universal and rational arrangements. The State is the Divine Idea as it exists on earth."" 
""In direct contrast to German philosophy, which descends from heaven to earth, here we ascend from earth to heaven.""(860) Communism Never Looked So Cute - ThingLink License DMCA Marx: 
Marx's Dialectical Materialism asserts that history is a process of development through conflict; not a conflict of ideas, but real conflict between economic classes."" 
And there is the revolutionary answer to poverty: Workers of the world, unite.",0
6658,Magnus Carlsen and Sergey Karjakin Head to Tiebreaker in World Chess Championship - The New York Times,"After   weeks of   close play, the World Chess Championship came down to its 12th and final regulation game on Monday, with the two talented young grandmasters, Sergey Karjakin and Magnus Carlsen, in a dead heat. But those expecting fireworks at the venue in Manhattan were disappointed. Within 20 minutes of the opening move, the game was headed for a   draw. Both players seemed content to let their fate rest in a round of tiebreakers, which are scheduled for Wednesday. After 30 moves and 36 minutes, it was over, with the players agreeing to a draw. The game was the shortest ever in a world championship match, said Ilya Merenzon, who runs the company that organized the match. The game began at near lightning speed, with both players making   moves with little deliberation. Mr. Carlsen, playing white, began with a popular opening known as the Ruy Lopez, and Mr. Karjakin responded with the Berlin defense  —   both strategies unlikely to lead to errors. Within the first few moves they exchanged almost all their major pieces, making it difficult for either player to put pressure on the other. “There isn’t much to say,” Mr. Carlsen said after the game, looking satisfied with the result. “I apologize to fans who might have wanted a longer game, but it was not to be. ” The live event has an atmosphere unlike any other sport contest, because almost all of the spectators divide their attention between the game and computers  —   in their phones or on the video monitors around the venue  —   that could beat the two players. Only Mr. Carlsen and Mr. Karjakin rely on unaugmented human intelligence. Mr. Carlsen, who will turn 26 on Wednesday, came into the match the overwhelming favorite. He is the   player of all time. Since winning the title from Vishwanathan Anand in 2013, he has dominated a sport that for a   had one Russian or Soviet champion after another, broken only briefly by the American Bobby Fischer in 1972. Like Mr. Fischer, who created a boom in chess in the United States, Mr. Carlsen has star power that seems to transcend the game. He is a huge celebrity in his native Norway. But Mr. Karjakin, 26, a Russian who was relatively unheralded going into the match, has been his equal move for move. Before the match, Mr. Carlsen described his opponent as “very well prepared” and “extremely resourceful on defense,” and Mr. Karjakin has lived up to that billing. At the end of Game 11, when Mr. Karjakin, playing white for the final time, held off an assault by black for a draw, the Russian said he was unhappy with his play but satisfied with the result. Both players have performed brilliantly, with almost no false steps. Through 12 games, each player has managed just one win, with 10 games ending in draws. The tiebreakers on Wednesday will take on a character different from the methodical games played so far. The day will start with four rapid games, in which each player has 25 minutes to complete his moves. If the players are still tied after four games, the next round will consist of up to five   blitz matches, in which each player has five minutes to complete his moves. Should each of these   matches end in a draw, the players will go to a   game, in which the player with the black pieces will have only four minutes to complete his moves. If that game ends in a draw, the player who has black will be the world champion. Mr. Carlsen, besides being the   traditional chess player, is rated No. 1 in rapid and No. 2 in blitz. Mr. Karjakin is rated 11th in blitz. Tension among the crowd at the venue, on the third floor of the Fulton Market Building in Lower Manhattan, has increased as the final game neared. The game on Monday, however, was thinly attended and low on drama. In the audience, Christopher Yu, 9, who is poised to become the youngest player to achieve the rank of master, said: “I’m a little disappointed that the game wasn’t more interesting and we could stay here longer. But I think Magnus will win the tiebreaker. ” Mr. Carlsen said: “I think it’s  . Either I win or he wins. ”",0
6660,Here's How to Identify Rice That Contains Plastic,"Here's How to Identify Rice That Contains Plastic China remains the world's largest producer of rice. The Middle Kingdom harvests over 200 million... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/heres-how-to-identify-rice-that.html China remains the world's largest producer of rice. The Middle Kingdom harvests over 200 million tons per year and a large share of it gets exported all over the world. But cooks and diners alike should take care: not only are untold amounts of pesticides used in Chinese agriculture, but according to a report in The Korea Times rice is also now being manufactured artificially. Finally the grains are steamed with a typical rice aroma. Doctors have emphatically warned against consuming the artificial product: three full portions apparently contain as much plastic as there is in a little plastic bag. That's alarming! With these simple tricks you can test whether your rice is wholesome and plastic-free: The Water Test Pour a tablespoon of uncooked rice into a glass with cold water. If the rice all sinks to the bottom of the glass, it's fine. If the grains float up to the surface, be careful! The Fire Test Try setting a little bit of your rice on fire with a match or lighter. If it starts burning right away and smells like burning plastic, then you know what to do! (Do not eat it!) The Mortar and Pestle Test When you crush a few grains of rice with a mortar and pestle they should be reduced to a fine, white, starchy powder. But with artificial rice, you will see a light yellow discoloration instead. The Mold Test If you want to know for sure whether your cooked rice is quite safe, put a small quantity of cooked rice into an airtight container and leave it in a warm place. Within a couple of days it will have gotten moldy. Only fake rice stays mold-free.This is how to be on the safe side. Show these tricks to your rice-eating friends and that way no one will have to eat plastic for dinner! Reference: http://www.hefty.co Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
6661,How to Improve Your Retirement Income if You Haven’t Saved - The New York Times,"Michael Kitces sees it regularly in his financial planning practice: clients who are close to retirement but haven’t saved. “They fall into two groups  —   either they don’t focus on it, or they are despondent,” says Mr. Kitces, director of wealth management for   Pinnacle Advisory Group and publisher of the popular Nerd’s Eye View blog, which focuses on financial planning. “They think their retirement is doomed  —   it’s a real   scenario. ” Mr. Kitces’ clients are not alone. Among workers age 55 or higher and nearing retirement, 48 percent have saved less than $100, 000, according to the Employee Benefit Research Institute. A third have less than $25, 000. The savings shortfall means many Americans face the prospect of retiring solely on Social Security, which replaces just 39 percent of   income for the average worker retiring at 65, according to the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College. But   do have some opportunities to improve their retirement math. Mr. Kitces encourages clients facing shortfalls not to give up on saving. That is particularly true for   who may be able to redirect income formerly devoted to raising children and paying college tuition. He recommends creating a household budget while the children are still on the household payroll that tracks   spending specifically. That can help people reallocate that spending to retirement saving once their children are out of the house. Mr. Kitces usually suggests maximizing savings contributions in workplace 401( k) accounts that offer the incentive of tax deferral and employer matches, or an I. R. A. Savers over the age of 50 also benefit from higher “ ” limits on tax deferred savings than their younger counterparts. This year, the combined limit for 401( k) accounts is $24, 000 for I. R. A. s, it is $6, 500.   contributions later in life can still yield a significant nest egg: Mr. Kitces calculates that if a couple earning a combined $100, 000 started saving 30 percent of their income at age 51, they could accumulate more than $1 million in savings by age 65. For most households, waiting to file for Social Security offers the best opportunity to increase retirement income. Benefits  —   which are adjusted annually to account for inflation  —   can be claimed as early as age 62, but monthly benefits rise 8 percent for every year that you wait (credits for delay are available until age 70). “There’s nothing you can put your money into today that will create a better rate of return,” says David Blanchett, head of retirement research at Morningstar, an investment research and management company. Yet nearly half of American workers file at age 62, data from the Social Security Administration shows. “We see a real tendency among our clients to take Social Security early,” says Kevin Dorwin, managing principal at Bingham, Osborn  Scarborough in San Francisco. “They feel they need the income right away and don’t want to get shortchanged on it. ” Delayed claiming is especially beneficial for married couples, since one spouse is likely to live well past the   “  date,” or the point at which a claimant will have made back the benefits forgone while delaying a claim. Moreover, the Social Security survivor benefit allows a surviving spouse to step up to 100 percent of a deceased spouse’s benefit, and married couples often do well with a delayed filing for the   spouse. “The impact of delaying is even more profound for someone with less savings,” says William Meyer, a founder of Social Security Solutions, which offers online software that helps claimants optimize their benefits. “The additional cumulative benefits represent a larger proportional amount if you have $200, 000 in saving instead of $3 million. ” Working longer offers a retirement math triple play by reducing the number of years a retiree must rely on savings, permitting more years of retirement account contributions and setting the stage for a delayed Social Security claim. “The combination of minimizing withdrawals from investment portfolios and allowing for greater compounding can make a very big difference,” says Mr. Dorwin. He calculates that a    couple with combined income of $150, 000 could bolster their retirement income by 30 percent if they worked an additional three years, rather than retiring immediately, as a result of higher Social Security benefits and drawdowns from a larger portfolio. Of course, working longer isn’t always possible  —   health problems and job loss often get in the way. But American workers do seem to be getting the message that it’s a worthwhile goal. A Gallup poll reports that today’s workers expect to retire at 66, on average. By contrast, the average retirement age for those who have already retired is 61. Retirement planning models often rely on rules of thumb that don’t always apply in individual situations. Standard planning, for example, holds that retirees need to replace 70 to 80 percent of   income to maintain their standard of living. But Mr. Blanchett’s research suggests that the actual replacement rates vary from 54 percent to 87 percent of income. His review of actual retirement expenditure, based on data from the United States Bureau of Labor Statistics’ Consumer Expenditure Survey, also suggests that spending falls over the course of retirement. That is especially true for older retirees, who tend to spend less on travel, entertainment and other discretionary items. Households facing saving shortfalls should consider cutting back on discretionary spending, Mr. Blanchett says: “It might not be easy, but it could be done. ” Empty nesters facing retirement income challenges should also consider moving to a smaller home or relocating to a less expensive part of a metropolitan area. Along with extracting equity that can be invested to produce income, substantial savings come from eliminating (or reducing) mortgages, and reducing home maintenance and property tax costs, according to Mr. Kitces. “More often than not, people do it because the house feels large and empty, but it can produce a lot of savings,” he says. Taxation of retirement income plays an important role in determining how long retirement savings will last. Conventional wisdom instructs retirees to draw money first from taxable accounts, and then from   401( k) and IRAs. But Mr. Meyer recommends a more nuanced approach by withdrawing from multiple accounts to minimize taxes. He acknowledges that an initial focus on taxable accounts makes sense because they are the least  . But the   approach is especially beneficial for retirees who delay their Social Security claim: They will be in lower tax brackets during the early years of retirement  —   an ideal time to take at least some income from   accounts. That can trim tax bills later on, when income Social Security (and required minimum distributions after age 70. 5) push many retirees into higher tax brackets. “Strategically tapping your savings leaves you more to spend in retirement,” Mr. Meyer says.",0
6662,Vermont High School Looking to Dump ’Rebel’ Mascot - Breitbart,"A high school in Vermont has ignited controversy by empaneling a   committee to explore the idea of eliminating the school’s    Rebel mascot. [The committee, which will meet at South Burlington High School in South Burlington, Vermont, will make suggestions on what team name and mascot should replace the   of its original name. Estimates indicate that it could cost up to $50, 000 to eliminate the Rebel name.  The original name was chosen in 1961, four years after construction of the high school, by city fathers steeped in the local history that South Burlington separated itself from the town of Burlington back in 1865. When the team name was suggested, “no one batted an eyelash,” The Wall Street Journal reported. These days, a Confederate rebel is not as innocuous. Many parents and local community leaders became upset about the team name two years ago when a local newspaper dug up   photos of students posing with Confederate flags on the football field, and that is when talk of dumping the Rebel name began. However, not everyone is upset by the    team name. “I don’t think constantly caving in to political correctness is appropriate in this day and age,” Linus Leavens, a 1972 South Burlington graduate, told the Journal. “I think a lot of America feels that way there was an election recently that showed that. ” Another resident noted that the name Rebel could equally refer to figures such as Muhammad Ali, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. or Rosa Parks. A large group of South Burlington graduates and local members of the community created a Facebook page entitled Rebel Alliance to work to overturn the school board’s decision to dump the team name. The team name has also been used tangentially in an effort to urge local voters to deny a higher school budget. According to the paper, signs dotted the landscape reading, “Be a Rebel. Vote No” on the school   proposal. Still, the school has taken steps to draw back from its Confederate Colonel mascot by slowly eliminating the image from the gym floor, uniforms, and ceasing its use in programs and other materials. In any case, it appears that some students tire of adults fighting over the issue. At a recent school board meeting, senior Ryan Croxford said he doesn’t care what the team is named and criticized people for “fighting over this ridiculous stuff. ” He added that the fighting had become “really petty at this point. ” Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
6663,"From Headline to Photograph, a Fake News Masterpiece - The New York Times","ANNAPOLIS, Md.  —   It was early fall, and Donald J. Trump, behind in the polls, seemed to be preparing a rationale in case a winner like him somehow managed to lose. “I’m afraid the election is going to be rigged, I have to be honest,” the Republican nominee told a   crowd in Columbus, Ohio. He was hearing “more and more” about evidence of rigging, he added, leaving the details to his supporters’ imagination. A few weeks later, Cameron Harris, a new college graduate with a fervent interest in Maryland Republican politics and a need for cash, sat down at the kitchen table in his apartment to fill in the details Mr. Trump had left out. In a dubious art just coming into its prime, this bogus story would be his masterpiece. Mr. Harris started by crafting the headline: “BREAKING: ‘Tens of thousands’ of fraudulent Clinton votes found in Ohio warehouse. ” It made sense, he figured, to locate this shocking discovery in the very city and state where Mr. Trump had highlighted his “rigged” meme. “I had a theory when I sat down to write it,” recalled Mr. Harris, a    former college quarterback and fraternity leader. “Given the severe distrust of the media among Trump supporters, anything that parroted Trump’s talking points people would click. Trump was saying ‘rigged election, rigged election.’ People were predisposed to believe Hillary Clinton could not win except by cheating. ” In a raucous election year defined by   stories, Mr. Harris was a     practitioner, a boutique operator with no ties to Russian spy agencies or Macedonian fabrication factories. As Mr. Trump takes office this week, the beneficiary of at least a modest electoral boost from a flood of fakery, Mr. Harris and his   website, ChristianTimesNewspaper. com, make for an illuminating tale. Contacted by a reporter who had discovered an electronic clue that revealed his secret authorship of ChristianTimesNewspaper. com, he was wary at first, chagrined to be unmasked. “This topic is rather sensitive,” Mr. Harris said, noting that he was trying to build a political consulting business and needed to protect his reputation. But eventually he agreed to tell the story of his foray into fake news, a very   gig that he calculated paid him about $1, 000 an hour in web advertising revenue. He seemed to regard his experience with a combination of guilt about having spread falsehoods and pride at doing it so skillfully. At his kitchen table that night in September, Mr. Harris wondered: Who might have found these fraudulent Clinton ballots? So he invented “Randall Prince, a   electrical worker. ” This Everyman, a “Trump supporter” whose name hinted at a sort of nobility, had entered a   back room at the warehouse and stumbled upon stacked boxes of ballots   for Mrs. Clinton, Mr. Harris decided. “No one really goes in this building. It’s mainly used for   storage by a commercial plumber,” Prince said. In case anyone missed the significance of the find, Mr. Harris made it plain: “What he found could allegedly be evidence of a massive operation designed to deliver Clinton the crucial swing state. ” A photograph, he thought, would help erase doubts about his yarn. With a quick Google image search for “ballot boxes,” he landed on a shot of a balding fellow standing behind black plastic boxes that helpfully had “Ballot Box” labels. It was a photo from The Birmingham Mail, showing a British election 3, 700 miles from Columbus  —   but no matter. In the caption, the balding Briton got a new name: “Mr. Prince, shown here, poses with his find, as election officials investigate. ” The article explained that “the Clinton campaign’s likely goal was to slip the fake ballot boxes in with the real ballot boxes when they went to official election judges on November 8th. ” Then Mr. Harris added a touch of breathlessness. “This story is still developing,” he wrote, “and CTN will bring you more when we have it. ” He pushed the button and the story was launched on Sept. 30, blazing across the web like some kind of counterfeit comet. “Even before I posted it, I knew it would take off,” Mr. Harris recalled. He was correct. The ballot box story, promoted by a   Facebook pages Mr. Harris had created for the purpose, flew around the web, fueled by indignant comments from people who were certain that Mrs. Clinton was going to cheat Mr. Trump of victory and who welcomed the proof. It was eventually shared with six million people, according to CrowdTangle, which tracks web audiences. The next day, the Franklin County, Ohio, board of elections announced that it was investigating and that the fraud claims appeared to be untrue. Within days, Ohio’s secretary of state, Jon Husted, issued a statement to deny the story. “A Christian myself, I take offense to reading such unbelievable lies from a publication alleging Christian ties,” Mr. Husted said. There was nothing especially Christian about his efforts, Mr. Harris admits he had simply bought the abandoned web address for $5 at ExpiredDomains. net. Within a few days, the story, which had taken him 15 minutes to concoct, had earned him about $5, 000. That was a sizable share of the $22, 000 an accounting statement shows he made during the presidential campaign from ads for shoes, hair gel and web design that Google had placed on his site. He had put in perhaps half an hour a week on the fake news site, he said, for a total of about 20 hours. He would come close to a far bigger payday, one that might have turned the $5 he had spent on the Christian Times domain into more than $100, 000. The money, not the politics, was the point, he insisted. He had graduated from Davidson College in North Carolina in May, and he needed to pay his living expenses. “I spent the money on student loans, car payments and rent,” he said. By the time he launched his fraudulent story on ballot fraud, he had found minimal success with “Hillary Clinton Blames Racism for Cincinnati Gorilla’s Death,” a reference to the sad tale of Harambe, the gorilla shot after he grabbed a little boy visiting the zoo. He had done better with “Early Morning Explosion in DC Allegedly Leaves Yet Another DNC Staffer Dead,” spinning off conspiracy theories around the earlier shooting death of a Democratic National Committee staff member. Later, he would tell gullible readers “NYPD Looking to Press Charges Against Bill Clinton for Underage Sex Ring,” “Protesters Beat Homeless Veteran to Death in Philadelphia” and “Hillary Clinton Files for Divorce in New York Courts. ” Eight of his stories would merit explicit debunking by Snopes. com, the   site, but none would top the performance of the ballot box fantasy. President Obama thought the fake news phenomenon significant enough to mention it as a threat to democracy in his farewell speech in Chicago last week. “Increasingly,” he said, “we become so secure in our bubbles that we start accepting only information, whether it’s true or not, that fits our opinions, instead of basing our opinions on the evidence that is out there. ” That was exactly the insight on which Mr. Harris said he built his transient business: that people wanted to be fed evidence, however implausible, to support their beliefs. “At first it kind of shocked me  —   the response I was getting,” he said. “How easily people would believe it. It was almost like a sociological experiment,” added Mr. Harris, who majored in political science and economics. By his account, though he voted for Mr. Trump, his early preference had been for Senator Marco Rubio. Mr. Harris said he would have been willing to promote Mrs. Clinton and smear Mr. Trump had those tactics been lucrative. But as other seekers of clicks discovered, Mr. Trump’s supporters were far more fervent than Mrs. Clinton’s. In late October, with the inevitable end of his venture approaching, Mr. Harris sought an appraisal for the web domain that by then had vaulted into the web’s top 20, 000 sites. An appraiser said that given the traffic, he could probably sell it for between $115, 000 and $125, 000. But Mr. Harris made a costly mistake: He decided to wait. Days after the election, denounced for making the peddling of fake news remunerative, Google announced that it would no longer place ads on sites promoting clearly fabricated stories. A few days later, when Mr. Harris checked his site, the ads were gone. He checked with the appraiser and was told that the domain was now essentially worthless. All was not lost, however. He had put a   on the site inviting visitors to “join the ‘Stop the Steal’ team to find out HOW Hillary plans to steal the election and what YOU can do to stop her!” and collected 24, 000 email addresses. He has not yet decided what to do with them, he said. Asked whether he felt any guilt at having spread lies about a presidential candidate, Mr. Harris grew thoughtful. But he took refuge in the notion that politics is by its nature replete with exaggerations,   and outright whoppers, so he was hardly adding much to the sum total. “Hardly anything a campaign or a candidate says is completely true,” he said. Lately he has picked up Mr. Trump’s refrain that mainstream news organizations are themselves regular purveyors of fake news. Last week, when BuzzFeed released what it called an “explosive but unverified” dossier suggesting that Russia had planned to bribe and blackmail Mr. Trump, Mr. Harris wrote on Twitter: He did not mention his own expertise in the field.",0
6664,The Protest At Muskrat Falls Mainstream Media Ignored And Why It’s Important,"  This marks an important victory for the Inuit, who protested and went on hunger strikes in the wake of Harvard University studies that warned the project at Muskrat Falls would poison their food sources. They urged the government to wake up and step in to help keep methylmercury from making its way into their waterways. “The decisions that will be made, going forward, will not be at the whim of government,” announced Todd Russell , president of the NunatuKavut Community Council. “They will be made by science and it will incorporate the traditional knowledge of our people. This is a huge step forward.” People took the protesting to extremes, like Labrador Inuk artist and activist Billy Gauthier, who vowed he would die if that’s what it took to ensure the Muskrat Falls hydroelectric project was done right.”I know this is for a good reason, for a good cause, and I will stand for as long as I can,” he said . Ossie Michelin, another protestor, had reported not eating for nearly two weeks, and had lost 21 pounds. In Muskrat Falls, protesters had breached the gates at the project site, which is run by Nalcor Energy. The protestors explained that they weren’t opposed to the project moving forward, but wanted to make sure it was done the right way, and that involves eliminating methylmercury.   Methylmercury occurs in nature when bacteria react with mercury in water, soil, or plants. As it moves up the food chain, its levels increase. “You could drink a swimming pool of this water every day and it would not affect your health,” explained Trevor Bell , a Memorial University of Newfoundland geographer and project leader on a study of methylmercury risks with the Muskrat Falls project. “When you get to the top of [the food chain], the fish and the seals, that’s 10 million times the concentration as in the water.” The U.S. National Library of Medicine calls methylmercury a poison that causes severe brain and spinal cord damage. It can lead to blindness, growth problems, and birth defects, and hinder mental functioning. It may also lead to cerebral palsy. Mainstream media has been overwhelmingly quiet on this protest, as they seem to be with many important issues globally, but when the facts are presented, when people are risking their lives to stop others’ lives from being harmed, something must, and needs, to be said. Michelin noted that the flooding, if the project went the way it was initially supposed to, would contaminate “our fish, our seals, our game, our way of life.” He continued on to say, “This isn’t just our food source because we also have issues around food security, but our whole culture is is based upon hunting and fishing and gathering from the land. It’s who we are.” Much like the water protectors at DAPL, Michelin says people did not come to the site to cause trouble. “We’re not activists. We’re just normal people fighting for our home.” Initially, Nalcor Energy wanted to flood the Muskrat Falls reservoir to build its dam. The biggest problem with this plan is that it could cause the already-present mercury at the site to turn into methylmercury, since it would release carbon from the soil and plant life, triggering the process of methylation. This reservoir is just upstream from the Lake Melville marine estuary, which is the Inuit’s main source of fishing and hunting. Studies even concluded that the flooding could spike levels of methylmercury in Lake Melville far beyond what naturally occurs . And thanks to the plentiful information the protestors brought with them when occupying the reservoir to block the flooding, they were able to reach an agreement that will ensure scientists analyze ways to reduce methylmercury contamination, and hopefully reveal the potential to clear the reservoir. Bell called the agreement a win for grassroots democracy and science-based policy. “The agreement is important for Labradorians and for Muskrat Falls, but has an impact beyond Labrador and nationwide on hydroelectric developments and evidence-base decision-making,” he said . 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
6665,Tillerson: Russia Either ’Complicit or Simply Incompetent’ on Syrian Chemical Weapons - Breitbart,"Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had some tough words for Russia on Thursday on the matter of Syrian chemical weapons. [Speaking from President Trump’s    estate in Florida, where Trump is meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping, Tillerson referenced Russia’s 2013 agreement to oversee the destruction of Syria’s chemical arsenal and said Russia has “clearly failed in its responsibility” to eliminate those weapons.  “Either Russia has been complicit or Russia has been simply incompetent on its ability to deliver,” he said. Tillerson stated that Russia’s permission was not sought for the strike, but warnings were given to reduce the risk of Russian casualties. “Our target in this attack was not Russia. Our target was this airfield and the Syrian regime. ” He also said the White House consulted with American allies in Europe and the Middle East, and their response was “overwhelmingly supportive. ” “I think it does demonstrate that President Trump is willing to act when governments and government actors cross the line,” Tillerson said of the U. S. military action. “It’s clear that President Trump made that statement to the world tonight. ” NBC News notes that Tillerson is scheduled to fly to Moscow next week “for   meetings with Russian officials on a trip originally intended to turn a new page in the U. S. Russian relationship. ” With masterful understatement, a senior State Department official said the Syrian situation was certain to “color” Tillerson’s talks. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov provided some of that color on Friday, by stating that Russian President Vladimir Putin “considers the U. S. strikes against Syria an aggression against a sovereign country violating the norms of international law, and under a   pretext at that. ”",0
6666,Taxpayers Shell Out $100K to Pay for Cops Caught Eating Weed & Assaulting People in Pot Shop Video,"Home / #Solutions / Taxpayers Shell Out $100K to Pay for Cops Caught Eating Weed & Assaulting People in Pot Shop Video Taxpayers Shell Out $100K to Pay for Cops Caught Eating Weed & Assaulting People in Pot Shop Video Claire Bernish October 27, 2016 Leave a comment 
To settle a federal lawsuit stemming from a highly controversial raid on a cannabis dispensary — in which three nefarious cops were caught on surveillance video munching and edibles and making degrading comments about a disabled woman — taxpayers will be forced to shell out $100,000 via the City of Santa Ana, California. 
In addition to the payout for damages to the store, the Orange County Register reports, misdemeanor charges against a dozen people accused of operating the dispensary illegally will be dropped. 
On May 26, 2015, a group heavily-armed Santa Ana cops used a battering ram to storm Sky High Holistic with guns drawn , smashed surveillance cameras and confiscated recording equipment, and proceeded to make disparaging comments toward customers, some of whom were disabled. 
In particular, these unabashedly power-tripping police suggested they should have assaulted a partially blind paraplegic woman — who was not only confined to a personal mobility unit, but had readily complied in the frightening encounter. 
“Did you punch that one-legged old Benita?” a male officer of the law asks a female colleague as cameras recorded their conversation. 
“I was about to kick her in the fucking nub,” the female officer of the law glibly replies. 
Fortunately for the customers-turned-victims, cameras recorded the officers as they slowly completed the raid in a manner akin to a fraternity party — a few play darts while having a crude and wholly unprofessional conversation, while one samples what appears to be a marijuana edible he then shares with his buddies. 
One camera remained surreptitiously hidden, evading officers’ efforts to cover their tracks in this armed burglary, and — when its video evidence went viral — proved to the world how unprofessional, abusive, and criminal these cops actually are. 
According to allegations in the now-settled civil rights lawsuit, these errant officers devised a scheme to shut down dispensaries operating without a permit after Santa Ana voters passed a ballot measure allowing 20 dispensaries to operate following a lottery — for which Sky High had not been selected. 
“The settlement of civil rights claims and dismissal of criminal actions shows Santa Ana is taking responsibility for improper actions it took, including the raid of Sky High Holistic, in support of its lottery-based marijuana regulation ordinance,” District Attorney Michael Pappas told the Register by email. 
After a yearlong battle, misdemeanor charges were finally brought against three of the cops — petty theft for those who chowed down on the shop’s edible protein bars and cookies, and vandalism against the cop who destroyed all of the dispensary’s cameras. 
Well, except that one . 
Those charges are pending, and none of the three, who were initially suspended after the video went viral, remain employed with the Santa Ana Police Department — though law enforcement refused to elaborate for the Register on whether they had been terminated or had simply resigned. 
Should former Officers Jorge Arroyo and Nicole Lynn Quijas be convicted of petty theft, they face a maximum six-month jail sentence and $1,000 fine. Former Officer Brandon Matthew Sontag faces up to 18 months in jail and a $2,000 fine for both the petty theft and vandalism charges if he is found guilty. 
Pappas also noted the fight continues to have thousands in stolen cash and items returned to the rightful owners, as does his pursuance of a second lawsuit for an unspecified monetary amount in damages in the Orange County Superior Court. 
Although the meager settlement is somewhat a victory for the victims — one of whom was a neighboring physician whose office had power and water cut during the incident — video evidences an armed and violent raid undertaken by cruel cops who appear as if they’ve discovered an enjoyable new sport. 
Indeed if justice were truly to be served, all of the officers involved would be locked behind bars for performing a violent raid on a store providing a service to consenting customers on a voluntary basis. Share Social Trending ",0
6667,4 Goals For The Neomasculinity Movement During Trump’s First Term,"Gentlemen, I am filled to the brim with joy. We have successfully thwarted the globalist’s plans to ruin America—we’ve fought against the big banks, we’ve fought against the Satanic pedophile Elites , and we’ve fought against the corrupt mainstream media.
But, the battle is not over yet. We still have much to do if we wish to make America great again. This will not be an easy fight, for we will certainly face much resistance along the way. Expect the cucks and liberals to throw temper tantrums as their safe spaces come tumbling down, expect the mainstream media to demonize the alt-right, and expect the elites to do everything they can to stop us.
They will not stop us, though—no, we are far too powerful. The wheels of truth do in fact turn slowly, but alas, they turn! And they are growing in speed as we blaze towards victory. Here are four goals that we must achieve on our path to victory.
1. Dismantle The Mainstream Media 
As more and more of us start to wake up, the media will begin to sense this—in fact, they already have. Have you wondered why they’ve started to cover anti-Hillary stories? It’s because they realize that they’re losing credibility.
The mainstream media is very well aware that they’re losing their chokehold on the American public’s mind, so in a last ditch effort, they’re trying to seem unbiased. Do not buy into their lies—it’s all a giant farce; an attempt to regain their former credibility.
Over the next four years, it will be extremely important to start dismantling these outlets. It’s time to call them out for what they are. Start sharing alt-right stories on Facebook and Twitter, get our message out there. Don’t watch any mainstream media.
Don’t buy mainstream magazines, don’t watch their news shows, hell, don’t even pay for cable. Do everything you can to bleed their pockets dry.
As more and more money moves away from the mainstream media, it will naturally move towards alternative news sources—sites like Return Of Kings, Info Wars, Matt Forney , and Danger and Play will become the new media.
Don’t expect this to happen at first, however. In one final cry, before its gory death, the media will proclaim that there is a new “racist, xenophobic” enemy that helped Donald get into office: the alt-right.
Expect them to demonize us. Expect them to lie about us, to scream and shout, and to protest. This is fine, however—for we are anti-fragile. The alt-right is in a very unique position.
Any and all hatred towards the alt-right will be a net win for us. Why? It’s simple: any publicity is good publicity. A single mention of an alternative news site by the MSM can, and often does, net us tens of thousands of new viewers.
In other words: if they ignore us, we continue to grow in power. If they attack us, we grow even faster. They can’t win.
2. Drain The Swamp 
Everything that we’ve done up to this point to get Donald in office will be completely pointless if we don’t drain the swamp. This is our one chance—we have four years to do this.
In order for us to bring about permanent change in this country, we need to hold the cucks and libtards accountable for their actions. Anyone who pushed the pro-Islam agenda, rape culture, or feminazi philosophy must be called out for the traitors that they are.
The elites, the corrupt bankers, and the globalists must all be brought to light. In order for us to bring about true change, and to prevent a globalist dictatorship from happening in the near future, we must ensure that at least 25% of Americans are aware of the elites’ “conspiracy” by the next election.
This is a grass roots movement, and it is growing in power—but we must take away power from those who tried so hard to fight us. Now is the time to cause a ruckus and email your representatives. Now is the time to demand Hillary be thrown in prison.
Every single person involved in Hillary Clinton’s private email server must be thrown in jail. Pedophiles and Satanists such as Anthony Weiner and Marina Abramovic, and traitors such as Huma Abedin and Comey must be thrown in jail for their crimes.
Now is the time to clear out the murky waters—to sift through the dirt and rotten garbage lurking below. I believe, that once all is said and done, America will enter into a new age of prosperity. The patriarchy will return.
3. Normalize Straight Males 
For too long have men been oppressed, by the very civilization which we created. We have let the SJW’s and culture warriors back us into a corner, but we’ve finally started to fight back.
More and more men, upon being exposed to the manosphere, are starting to wake up and take the red pill . We’re starting to realize, as a nation, that there is no reason to be ashamed of being white or being a man.
Once we start to dismantle the mainstream media and drain the swamp, most of this should happen naturally—it was only through the artificial social engineering that being a white male became a crime.
But, we can’t stop here—it’s time to start slowly red-pilling our blue-pilled friends. The best way to do this, is simply through osmosis. Don’t try to convince them with logic, because they did not arrive at a blue-pilled position through logic. They did so through emotion.
Simply be a beacon of masculinity. Be confident in yourself, be assertive, and don’t cave into ridiculous HR requests or political correctness social pressures. Again, once the mainstream media is dismantled and the manosphere grows in popularity, our movement will gain strength exponentially.
The normalization of males, especially white males, is essential for our culture to continue—the second that we started to become ashamed of our heritage and of our nationality was the second that the cucks started closing in. We cannot give them an inch, or they will take a mile.
This is not to say that our country shouldn’t accept immigrants—IF they go through the legal process. How did it get so far that it became socially unacceptable to shame ILLEGAL immigrants? Again, ILLEGAL immigrants? Like I said, it got this way due to an overwhelming amount of white guilt. Do not be ashamed of your heritage, men.
We have made a gigantic step towards national sovereignty with Donald Trump being elected as president, and we cannot let this victory go in vain. We must push onward and continue to normalize what is NORMAL. Being a straight male, white or note, should be the norm, not being a transgender, green-haired, SJW.
4. Get The Law On Our Side 
As our grass roots movement picks up more and more steam, I believe that the pressure we create will naturally push judges and lawmakers to change our corrupt legal system.
First things first, we must create laws that treat men and women as they should be treated. Too many laws are skewed in favor of women. Now that women have the right to work, we must remove alimony—it’s ridiculous that men should have to pay $10,000 a month to their ex-wives, because she “got used to” a certain living situation.
We must remove corrupt anti-male divorce laws, ridiculous “hate-speech” laws which infringe on our freedom of speech, and ultimately, SJW “rape” laws.
I, along with many other ROK men, have been falsely accused of rape . It’s time to remove all of these ridiculous laws that make it illegal for men to simply talk to women, and that were built into the system by the elites in order to wage war against men.
The law should encourage freedom of speech; the fact that Twitter has not been held accountable for banning Milo Yiannopoulos is absolutely absurd. Information and social media platforms should be held to the same standards that the American people are.
Google needs to stop censoring search results—and if they don’t, it’s time for us to create laws against this type of behavior. Allowing Google to filter search results is like a regression back to Medieval times. For one entity to selectively edit our version of reality is unacceptable.
Most importantly, judges and lawmakers that have taken bribes should be thrown in jail…indefinitely. Anyone who took a “donation” from George Soros or any other member of the Bilderberg group should be imprisoned for crimes of treason.
Summary 
We are on the path towards victory, men—but it will not be without many hiccups. The first thing that the mainstream media will do is demonize the alt-right, but again, this will only make us stronger. It will expose our view points to a larger audience.
Expect it to get darker just before the dawn. Expect feminists, SJW’s, cucks, and libtards to protest and scream and shout—but, it will all be in vain. Too many men are starting to wake up. Too many men are starting to see the lies that have been shoved down our throats , and there is no going back.
The next four years will be more important than ever. Our primary objective is to dismantle the mainstream media through natural means. It’s time for them to be exposed as the liars that they are. Simply eliminating the MSM will be most of the battle—remember, this is a war of information, and when the alt-right starts to control the news, there will be sanity.
We must also focus on draining the swamp. We must rid our corrupt political establishment of the people who’ve betrayed us. We must normalize the family unit and white men—no longer shall we feel ashamed of our gender or sexual orientation.
Then, from here, the laws must change. Remember: this will not be easy. There will be much resistance along the way, but we’ve come this far. We’ve beat all odds and elected Trump as the president of our nation…and it’s time to make America great again.
Read More: Are You On Pace To Reach Your Goals? 
",0
6668,5 Reasons to Try Acupuncture for Baby Eczema,"Keywords: Acupuncture , baby eczema , cure baby eczema , eczema cure , eczema treatment , heal eczema 
There was a time when my son’s eczema became so severe I was willing to try any natural healing method. My baby was 5 months old when he developed eczema. We tried the usual dose of steroids and over-the-counter creams from our family doctor. It got so bad that his scars were not healing. He wasn’t sleeping. And I wasn’t sleeping. As a child, my mother took me to an Acupuncturist for migraines. And the migraines stopped after a handful of visits. I remember it being a pretty relaxing experience with the smell of incense and herbs and the quietness of the room. So, I took a leap of faith and booked us for an appointment with a Traditional Chinese Doctor who specialized in skin disorders, allergies, and asthma. Why Try Acupuncture & Traditional Chinese Medicine? Reason 1: Acupuncture has been practiced for almost 4000 years in China. 
With that much history, it’s worth a try. It is a method of relieving pain or curing an illness by placing needles in the patient’s body at precise points along the 12 meridians in the body. Meridians are energy pathways that are associated with different organs within the body. The World Health Organization lists 300 ailments that are treatable by Chinese Medicine & Acupuncture. Reason 2: Acupuncture has helped children with eczema 
In a study of 37 children who were treated with Chinese Medicinal herbs, the treatment reduced eczema symptoms by 90% in 18 of the children (see Sources). Although it was a small study size, the benefits seem to far outweigh the risks. When my son was a baby, even a 10% improvement in his symptoms would have been amazing for us. Reason 3: Acupuncture does not hurt babies 
Many people worry about the needles hurting. But the needles that Acupuncturists use are about 1/100 th of a syringe needle. My son was a baby when we started the treatments, and he never cried out when getting the needles in him. Reason 4: Acupuncture relieved my baby’s eczema by 80% 
Acupuncture healed the eczema to the point where we could figure out his triggers. Our doctor stabilized the eczema. Best of all, flare-ups only occurred when my baby was teething. His skin was softer than it had been in months. Acupuncture needs to be done on babies for a minimum of 3 months in order to see an improvement. This is because the treatment is trying to alter the immune response, which is a long process. But sometimes babies will respond quicker than that. We used a topical herb powder given to us by the doctor, and applied it to his skin. This topical mix had a similar effect as hydro-cortisone cream if I applied it 3-5 times per day with a cotton ball. Reason 5: Acupuncture is affordable 
This is true especially if you go to a student clinic. You can pay the affordable price and yet the students are supervised by very experienced doctors. For child and baby treatments, it is even more affordable. It cost us about $15-$30 per visit on average (we tried a few different clinics). Some health plans will cover Acupuncture, so check with your health plan to see if yours covers it. To keep it affordable, I suggest trying to find a specialist in Acupuncture & TCM (Traditional Chinese Medicine), not a practitioner who does many different types of treatments. Tips for Helping Your Child While Getting Acupuncture 
Bring a favorite stuffed animal, a book, or some toys. Try nursing your baby while they are receiving acupuncture. A baby only needs the needle in the acupressure point for a second and then they are pulled out. Adults typically have needles in for 45+ minutes for each treatment, because our bodies do not respond as quickly as babies’ bodies do. Check out my YouTube video for more tips! Find an Experienced & Accredited Acupuncturist 
Make sure to look for an Accredited Acupuncturist or TCM (Traditional Chinese Medicine) Doctor. Be sure the Acupuncturist has some experience in your condition. Chat with the people in the waiting room. And see if they’ve had success with your doctor. I met a few moms in the waiting room that swore by the Chinese Doctor we were going to see. That made me feel more comfortable. 
Find a TCM (Traditional Chinese Medicine) Doctor who offers Certified Organic Chinese herbs. “Certified Organic” means the herbs were never sprayed with toxic pesticides and herbicides. As well, there have been some reports of heavy metals residue in Chinese herbs. Herbs are just as powerful as prescription medications and can have adverse effects if used improperly. Make sure to ask about the testing done on the herbs that you or your baby are prescribed. Every Condition Has Different Treatment Needs 
Check with your family doctor to be sure you don’t have any conditions that would prevent you from using Acupuncture or Chinese Medicine. All the information in this article is provided for educational and informational purposes only and is not intended as a substitute for medical counseling. 
Rosemary Hansen is a published author and devoted Mama. She is passionate about healing eczema naturally. Rosemary is a self-taught organic, whole foods chef. Her lifelong dream is to have a flock of pet dairy goats. Get a copy of her free e-book: “10 Natural Remedies for Soft Skin” at www.NaturalEczemaMama.com. 
Sources:",0
6669,Re: Michael Cohen is looking to identify the homeless woman assaulted while defending Trump’s Hollywood star,"— Michael Cohen (@MichaelCohen212) October 29, 2016 
Special Counsel to Donald Trump Michael Cohen is attempting to identify and help a homeless woman spotted defending Donald Trump’s new star on the Hollywood Walk-of-Fame: . @DiamondandSilk @realDonaldTrump someone please help me locate this woman as Mr. Trump has a gift for her… 
— Michael Cohen (@MichaelCohen212) October 28, 2016 A homeless American protects @realDonaldTrump Hollywood star. 20 million illegals & Americans sleep on the streets in Tents #VoteTrump pic.twitter.com/VITpVvK3L4 
— Diamond and Silk® (@DiamondandSilk) October 28, 2016 
There’s also video of the woman being attacked by a mob, allegedly over her pro-Trump stance: Black homeless woman assaulted for protecting Trumps Hollywood star https://t.co/GLHvqPBUJu",0
6670,Breitbart News Daily: Ryan Under Fire - Breitbart,"On the Monday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart    Alex Marlow will continue our discussion of President Trump’s first 100 days. [Breitbart’s Washington political editor Matt Boyle will discuss the fallout from Speaker Paul Ryan’s failed Obamacare replacement bill, which came under intense criticism from all quarters and was been dubbed “Ryancare,” “” and “ ” by critics. The bill’s demise has renewed calls for Ryan to step down from his speakership.  We’ll also hear from Dan Gainor, the Vice President of Business and Culture at the Media Research Center, about the mainstream media’s latest antics. Breitbart business and finance editor John Carney will weigh in on the future prospects of Trump’s tax and regulation reform agenda. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   .",0
6671,"Oracle Report: Friday, October 28, 2016","Balsamic Moon Phase: release; dream; prepare for the new 
Moon in Libra 
Aspect of the Aeon Sophia (Wisdom): Kali, Goddess of Endings and Beginnings; Matangi, Goddess of the Wind, Goddess Who Clears the Way 
Aspect of the Aeon Thelete (Will): Elias, God of the West, God of Alchemy 
Skill: make a change that is needed, listen to the inner voice 
True Alignments: helping others, self-respect, able to go deeply with someone, good riddance, wonderment, open to the new, revising, mettle, putting down a battle, 2018 foreshadowed to some degree, admitting things to oneself that need to be recognized 
Catalysts for Change: escapism, old stories, poor loser, prejudice, not helpful, afraid to look within, depending too heavily on outer signs and minimizing inner promptings, fear of change, lack or loss of self esteem or self worth, indecision, blocked emotions, miscommunications and misunderstandings (the Sun and Mercury are still in range of conjunction) 
Sabian Symbol for the Solar-Lunar Month: “three masters hanging in a special room in an art gallery” (light reflected on life; expansion of perceptions; linking mind, body, and spirit; vision and visionary) 
Sabian Symbol for the Solar-Lunar Year: “the magic carpet of Oriental imagery” (transcending difficulties; transcending the unraveling control paradigm; fantastical experiences) 
When the New Moon for a lunar month occurs in the cardinal signs of Aries, Libra, Cancer, or Capricorn, major shifts occur within our lives and within the world at large. These are the “cardinal points” of the year, just like a compass with the four directions, and just like a Medicine Wheel with the four corners. As we come to the last days of this Libra lunar cycle, we have a final push to turn a corner or make a change (or having a corner turned on you or someone making a change that turns your corner). Light has shone brightly all month to help us see and shift (New Moon at “three masters hanging in a special room in an art gallery”)…",0
6672,Trump Intensifies His Attacks on Journalists and Condemns F.B.I. ‘Leakers’ - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump turned the power of the White House against the news media on Friday, escalating his attacks on journalists as “the enemy of the people” and berating members of his own F. B. I. as “leakers” who he said were putting the nation at risk. In a speech to the Conservative Political Action Conference, Mr. Trump criticized as “fake news” organizations that publish anonymously sourced reports that reflect poorly on him. And in a series of Twitter posts, he assailed the F. B. I. as a dangerously porous agency, condemning unauthorized revelations of classified information from within its ranks and calling for an immediate hunt for leakers. Hours after the speech, as if to demonstrate Mr. Trump’s determination to punish reporters whose coverage he dislikes, Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, barred journalists from The New York Times and several other news organizations from attending his daily briefing, a highly unusual breach of relations between the White House and its press corps. Mr. Trump’s barrage against the news media continued well into Friday night. “FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn’t tell the truth,” he wrote on Twitter shortly after 10 p. m. singling out The Times and CNN. “A great danger to our country. ” The moves underscored the degree to which Mr. Trump and members of his inner circle are eager to use the prerogatives of the presidency to undercut those who scrutinize him, dismissing negative stories as lies and confining press access at the White House to a few chosen news organizations considered friendly. The Trump White House has also vowed new efforts to punish leakers. Mr. Trump’s attacks on the press came as the White House pushed back on a  report by CNN on Thursday night that a White House official had asked the F. B. I. to rebut a New York Times article last week detailing contacts between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russian intelligence officials. The report asserted that a senior White House official had called top leaders at the F. B. I. to request that they contact reporters to dispute the Times’s account. “The fake news doesn’t tell the truth,” Mr. Trump said to the delight of the conservatives packed into the main ballroom at the Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center just south of Washington. “It doesn’t represent the people, it doesn’t and never will represent the people, and we’re going to do something about it. ” In the West Wing less than three hours later, the consequences were becoming clear. Mr. Spicer told a handpicked group of reporters in a briefing in his spacious office that the White House would relentlessly counter coverage it considered inaccurate. “We’re going to aggressively push back,” he said, according to a recording of the session provided by a reporter who was allowed to attend. “We’re just not going to sit back and let, you know, false narratives, false stories, inaccurate facts get out there. ” Reporters from The Times, BuzzFeed News, CNN, The Los Angeles Times, Politico, the BBC and The Huffington Post were among those shut out of the briefing. Aides to Mr. Spicer admitted only reporters from a group of news organizations that, the White House said, had been previously confirmed. Those organizations included Breitbart News, the One America News Network and The Washington Times, all with conservative leanings. Journalists from ABC, CBS, The Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg and Fox News also attended. Reporters from The Associated Press and Time magazine, who were set to be allowed in, chose not to attend the briefing in protest of the White House’s actions. The Washington Post did not send a reporter to the session. “Nothing like this has ever happened at the White House in our long history of covering multiple administrations of different parties,” Dean Baquet, the executive editor of The Times, said in a statement. “We strongly protest the exclusion of The New York Times and the other news organizations. Free media access to a transparent government is obviously of crucial national interest. ” Marty Baron, the Post’s editor, called Mr. Spicer’s decision to exclude some news organizations from a scheduled briefing “appalling. ” “This is an undemocratic path that the administration is traveling,” Mr. Baron said. “There is nothing to be gained from the White House restricting the public’s access to information. ” The White House played down the drama surrounding Friday’s briefing. “We invited the pool, so everyone was represented,” Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the deputy White House press secretary, said in an email Friday afternoon, referring to the small group of reporters on hand at the White House each day to follow the president and send reports to the broader press corps. “We decided to add a couple of additional people beyond the pool. Nothing more than that. ” The White House Correspondents’ Association, which represents the press corps, also protested the decision. But Jeff Mason, the organization’s president, pointed out that the White House had provided   briefings and accepted questions from a variety of news outlets since Mr. Trump took office. “We’re not happy with how things went today,” Mr. Mason said in an interview. “But it’s important to keep in mind the context of how things have gone up until now. ” He added: “I don’t think that people should rush to judgment to suggest that this is the start of a big crackdown on media access. ” Still, the Committee to Protect Journalists, which typically advocates press rights in countries with despotic regimes, issued an alarmed statement on Friday about Mr. Trump’s escalating language. “It is not the job of political leaders to determine how journalists should conduct their work, and sets a terrible example for the rest of the world,” said the group’s executive director, Joel Simon. “The U. S. should be promoting press freedom and access to information. ” Mr. Trump, in his attack on the news media at the conservative gathering, complained at length about the use of anonymous sources in news stories, charging that some reporters were fabricating unnamed sources to level unfair charges against him. “They shouldn’t be allowed to use sources unless they use somebody’s name,” Mr. Trump said. “Let their name be put out there. ” At another point, he said, “A few days ago, I called the fake news the enemy of the people because they have no sources  —   they just make it up. ” He added that his “enemy of the people” label applied only to “dishonest” reporters and editors. Those comments came shortly after his own aides had held a briefing for the White House press pool on the condition of anonymity to deny CNN’s story suggesting there had been improper contact between the White House and the F. B. I. regarding the Times article on Russian contacts. Later, in the briefing from which the Times was excluded, Mr. Spicer said that it was top F. B. I. officials  —   first Andrew G. McCabe, the deputy director, and later James B. Comey, the director  —   who approached Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff, the day after the article appeared to say that it was false. Mr. Priebus then asked the two F. B. I. officials what they could do to rebut it publicly. They apologized and said they were unable to issue a statement or otherwise comment on the matter, Mr. Spicer said. “They came to us and said the story is not true. We said, ‘Great, could you tell people that? ’” Mr. Spicer said, describing the discussions between Mr. Priebus and F. B. I. officials. The F. B. I. on Friday declined to provide its account of those conversations. On Thursday night an F. B. I. official said that the White House had asked last week for the bureau’s help disputing the article, and that senior F. B. I. officials had rejected the request, citing the investigation into Russian efforts to affect the election. The article reported that current and former American officials said that phone records and intercepted calls showed that members of Mr.  Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election. The intercepts alarmed American intelligence and law enforcement agencies, in part because of the amount of contact that was occurring while Mr. Trump was speaking glowingly about the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin. Last week the White House declined to comment on the Times article and referred reporters back to Mr. Spicer’s previous assertions that Mr. Trump’s campaign had no contact with the Russian government. Mr. Baquet said on Friday that The Times “had numerous sources confirming this story. ” “Attacking it does not make it less true,” Mr. Baquet added. Mr. Spicer’s   Friday session, known as a gaggle, was scheduled as an   event, less formal than his usual briefings that are carried live on cable news. But past administrations have not selected outlets that can attend such sessions. Representatives of the barred news organizations made clear that they believed the White House’s actions were punitive. “Apparently this is how they retaliate when you report facts they don’t like,” CNN said in a statement. Tensions always emerge between an administration and the reporters who cover it, and it is not unusual for a White House to single out groups of journalists for special briefings outside of the daily      session. The Obama White House was harshly criticized by members of the press corps after it tried to exclude Fox News from interviews with top administration officials. But press relations in the Trump White House have taken on a tinderbox dynamic, with journalists and press aides highly suspicious of each other’s motives. “The grass is dry on both sides,” said Ari Fleischer, who was press secretary to George W. Bush, “so it only takes a very small match to light it on fire. ”",0
6673,"To All Undecided Voters, View This:","Home People To All Undecided Voters, View This: To All Undecided Voters, View This: Oct 29th, 2016 0 Comment 
Hillary Clinton: A Career Criminal 
EVERY voter in America should watch this video, especially those women who want Hillary because she’s a woman. Disclaimer: All information, data and material contained, presented, or provided on EyeOpening.info is for educational purposes only. It is not to be construed or intended as providing medical or legal advice. Decisions you make about your family's healthcare are important and should be made in consultation with a competent medical professional. We are not physicians and do not claim to be. Any views expressed here-in are not necessarily those held by EyeOpening.info",0
6674,Dear Mr. President- How Many Jobs Will Building a Wall Create? Part 1,"Dear Mr. President- How Many Jobs Will Building a Wall Create? Part 1 By Lee Adler.   If you have ever wondered what’s the best business to be in for wages and growth, there’s no contest. It’s doctors’ offices. This includes not just the doctors, but the office staff, including nurses, medical secretaries, medical assistants, and receptionists. That little tidbit came out of a deep look I took at BLS data on job growth, current wages, and the growth of real wages during the economic “recovery” since 2009 until last month.  ",0
6675,The bondage of expectation,"Leave a reply 
The Angels – We know so many of you feel as if you have been disappointed in this lifetime. Some of you feel you have disappointed yourselves. Many of you feel disappointed by others. Even more feel disappointed by life. Take heart! Each one of you, in every breath, has opportunity for change! Each one of you has the ability to release yourselves and others from the bondage of expectations, and to dance with life, exactly as you are, and exactly as life is. 
We hear you now! “I expect to be treated kindly! I expect myself to do my best. I expect others to be honest! I expect my children to listen to me” and on the list goes. You may have these expectations dear ones, but what happens when you do not live up them? What happens when others do not? While it is fine to have expectations, you already know that life and others do not always act as you expect. You do not always live up to your own expectations. What then? 
Far better to say, “I expect to be treated kindly but if I am not I will discern what to do next.” “I expect to do my best, but when I do not, I will choose to learn.” “I expect others to be honest with me but when they betray my trust, I will walk away or let them know kindly what it takes to earn it once again.” “I expect my children to listen to me, but if they don’t, I will lovingly guide them in their lessons here upon the earth.” 
Expect the best of yourself and others dear ones, if you wish, but when you or they do not live up to these expectations, be flexible. Dance with the present moment, as you are, as life is, because in that reality you are no longer resisting life. You are no longer chained to your expectations in the past. You are open to guidance in the moment, dealing with reality of life in front of you. 
In this fashion, you free yourself to find the most loving course of action based on how you are, how life is, and how others are being… right here and right now, in the present moment. SF Source Visions of Heaven  ",0
6676,"CNBC: TRUMP WILL WIN THE ELECTION AND IS MORE POPULAR THAN OBAMA IN 2008, AI SYSTEM FINDS","Home › POLITICS | US NEWS › CNBC: TRUMP WILL WIN THE ELECTION AND IS MORE POPULAR THAN OBAMA IN 2008, AI SYSTEM FINDS CNBC: TRUMP WILL WIN THE ELECTION AND IS MORE POPULAR THAN OBAMA IN 2008, AI SYSTEM FINDS 0 SHARES [10/28/16] An artificial intelligence (AI) system that correctly predicted the last three U.S. presidential elections puts Republican nominee Donald Trump ahead of Democrat rival Hillary Clinton in the race to the White House. MogIA was developed by Sanjiv Rai, the founder of Indian start-up Genic.ai. It takes in 20 million data points from public platforms including Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube in the U.S. and then analyzes the information to create predictions. 
The AI system was created in 2004, so it has been getting smarter all the time. It had already correctly predicted the results of the Democrat and Republican Primaries. 
Data such as engagement with tweets or Facebook Live videos have been taken into account. The result is that Trump has overtaken the engagement numbers of Barack Obama’s peak in 2008 – the year he came into power – by 25 percent. 
Rai said that his AI system shows that candidate in each election who had leading engagement data ended up winning the elections. 
“If Trump loses, it will defy the data trend for the first time in the last 12 years since Internet engagement began in full earnest,” Rai wrote in a report sent to CNBC. Post navigation",0
6677,"Meltdown: Left Goes Apocalyptic over Trump Paris Decision, ACLU Calls It ‘Assault on Communities of Color’ - Breitbart","Greeny celebrities and leftist   launched into widespread and often difficult to understand condemnations of President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement Wednesday. [The negative responses ranged from the staid and stoic expression of “principled” outrage from members of the business community like Tesla and SpaceX’s Elon Musk and Disney’s Bob Iger  …      As a matter of principle, I’ve resigned from the President’s Council over the  #ParisAgreement withdrawal.  —   Robert Iger (@RobertIger) June 1, 2017,    …    to poignant   by the likes of Sen. Kamala Harris ( ) and #  actor Mark Ruffalo  …     There is no Planet B. This disastrous decision threatens the world our children and children’s children will live in. #ParisAgreement,  —   Kamala Harris (@KamalaHarris) June 1, 2017,  Shame on you @realDonaldTrump as people lose their lives, homes and economic opportunities to your childish refusal to honor #ParisAgreement,  —   Mark Ruffalo (@MarkRuffalo) June 1, 2017,    …    to the truly bizarre resonses of certain   like UNICEF, who implied Trump’s decision to pull the U. S. out of this agreement would harm children, presumably by placing those of them who live on small icebergs in immediate danger of drowning. The youngest of our world can’t wait, NOW is the time for #climateaction. #foreverychild#ParisAgreement pic. twitter.   —   UNICEF (@UNICEF) June 1, 2017,  A strong candidate for the most bizarre response by an organization that ostensibly claims mainstream credibility, however, is the American Civil Liberties Union who, seemingly inexplicably claimed Trump’s decision was “an assault on communities of color. ” Pulling out of the Paris Agreement would be a massive step back for racial justice, and an assault on communities of color across the U. S.  —   ACLU National (@ACLU) June 1, 2017,  The post quickly racked up thousands of reply and retweets from bewildered Twitter users. In response, the ACLU account explained in a series of tweets that “black and brown people” are more likely to live near coal plants and also more likely to have asthma. Black and brown people are more likely to live near coal plants, and have higher asthma rates than white Americans do.  —   ACLU National (@ACLU) June 1, 2017,  The exact connection between these statements, which were unsourced, and the Paris Climate Agreement was not explained. The ACLU account stopped tweeting about the Paris Agreement and switched back to another ACLU campaign, the apparent overbreadth of federal child pornography laws and teens’ right to “sext” each other.   did, however, come from the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, who supported the validity of the ACLU’s claim, extolling readers to #StayWoke: Climate impacts real people and real communities =that’s not an ” ! ”#staywoke@ACLU. @JacquiPatt. @ECJPNAACP1. @IndianaNAACPECJ. https:  .   —   NAACP (@NAACP) June 1, 2017, ",0
6678,Dylann Roof Himself Rejects Best Defense Against Execution - The New York Times,"  pages into the   journal found in Dylann S. Roof’s car  —   after the assertions of black inferiority, the lamentations over white powerlessness, the longing for a race war  —   comes an incongruous declaration. “I want state that I am morally opposed to psychology,” wrote the young white supremacist who would murder nine black worshipers at Emanuel A. M. E. Church in Charleston, S. C. in June 2015. “It is a Jewish invention, and does nothing but invent diseases and tell people they have problems when they dont. ” Mr. Roof, who plans to represent himself when the penalty phase of his federal capital trial begins on Tuesday, apparently is devoted enough to that proposition (or delusion, as some maintain) to stake his life on it. Although a defense based on his psychological capacity might be his best opportunity to avoid execution, he seems steadfastly committed to preventing any public examination of his mental state or background. “I will not be calling mental health experts or presenting mental health evidence,” he wrote to Judge Richard M. Gergel of Federal District Court on Dec. 16, a day after a jury took only two hours to find him guilty of 33 counts, including hate crimes resulting in death, obstruction of religion and firearms violations. At a hearing on Wednesday, Mr. Roof told the judge that he planned to make an opening statement but not call witnesses or present evidence on his behalf. The testimony presented by prosecutors during the guilt phase of Mr. Roof’s trial detailed with gruesome precision how he had plotted and executed the massacre during a Wednesday night Bible study in the church’s fellowship hall. It was less satisfying in revealing why he had done it. With his choice to sideline his legal team and represent himself, the second phase  —   when the same jury of nine whites and three blacks will decide whether to sentence him to death or to life in prison  —   may prove little different. Death penalty experts said it was exceedingly rare for capital defendants to represent themselves after allowing lawyers to handle the initial part of a case. Mr. Roof, who also faces a death penalty trial in state court, has not publicly explained his reasoning. But legal filings strongly suggest a split with his   defenders about whether to argue that his rampage resulted from mental illness. Mr. Roof’s lead lawyer, David I. Bruck, tried repeatedly to plant that notion during the guilt phase, knowing it might be his only chance. Because evidence of mitigating factors is supposed to be reserved for the penalty phase, Judge Gergel allowed him little leeway. In his closing argument, while acknowledging Mr. Roof’s guilt, Mr. Bruck managed to tell the jury that Mr. Roof subscribed to “the mad idea that he can make things better by massacring the most virtuous, kind and gentle people he could ever have found. ” Mr. Bruck seeded his speech with words like “abnormal,” “irrationality,” “senselessness,” “delusional,” “obsession” and “perseveration,” a psychiatric term referring to the uncontrollable repetition of a particular response. Mr. Bruck, one of the country’s most experienced death penalty litigators, portrayed his    client as a loner whose most meaningful relationship seemed to be with his cat who staged hundreds of photographs of himself with no sign of friends whose racial hatred was ignited by internet searches and not personal experience who could not pinpoint during his confession to the F. B. I. how many he had killed, how long he had spent at the church or even what month it was who had no escape plan and left suicide notes to his parents. “There was something in him that made him feel that he had to do it,” Mr. Bruck said, “and that is as much as he knows. ” After receiving the results of a psychiatric examination in November, Judge Gergel found Mr. Roof competent to stand trial  —   meaning that he was capable of understanding the proceedings and assisting in his defense. At Mr. Bruck’s request, the judge scheduled a second competency hearing for Monday, but he signaled last week that he saw no reason to delay the penalty phase. The judge has repeatedly warned Mr. Roof against representing himself, including immediately after the verdicts, when he called it “a bad decision” and urged him to “fully appreciate the implications. ” The warnings have had no discernible effect on Mr. Roof, who has until Tuesday to reverse his decision to relegate his lawyers to standby counsel. That status allows Mr. Bruck and his team to offer guidance, but not to question witnesses or make objections. Prosecutors plan a procession of grief, perhaps calling dozens of members of victims’ families to testify about the impact of the killings. The prosecutors are also likely to   the considerable evidence of Mr. Roof’s premeditation and clearly articulated racial intent. Death penalty experts said the absence of mental health evidence to mitigate those aggravating factors could be decisive. “If the jury views Roof as evil and having made a knowing, intelligent choice to kill these innocent, churchgoing people in order to foment racial hatred, they are much more likely to impose the death penalty than if they believe him to be a young and severely mentally ill person who acted under delusional racist beliefs,” said Robert Dunham, executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center, a research group. It would take only one holdout on the jury, which consists of 10 women and two men, to spare Mr. Roof from lethal injection. Judge Gergel has ruled that the jurors can be told that prosecutors had rejected Mr. Roof’s offer, through Mr. Bruck, to plead guilty in exchange for a life sentence. Many in Charleston were relieved by Mr. Roof’s conviction in light of the mistrial that had been declared 10 days earlier in the state murder prosecution of Michael T. Slager, the white North Charleston policeman whose fatal shooting of a black motorist in 2015 was captured on video. Even those who oppose the death penalty on moral grounds, like the Rev. Joseph A. Darby, a presiding elder for the African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, said it would seem bewildering for Mr. Roof to escape capital punishment. “That could very well be the end of the death penalty in America, because if there was ever justification for killing anybody, this is the case,” Mr. Darby said. There is no consensus among members of the victims’ families about Mr. Roof’s fate. When the Justice Department elected in May to seek the death penalty, it acted against the wishes of many and of the two women he had spared. Five relatives offered Mr. Roof a measure of forgiveness at a remarkable bond hearing two days after the shootings. But by law, those who testify now are prohibited from telling the jury what penalty they think he should receive. “It’s going to be extremely emotional, powerful testimony,” said John H. Blume, a death penalty expert who teaches at Cornell Law School, “and that emotion could implicitly and misleadingly indicate to the jury that some of these people want the death penalty when it’s not the case. ” If Mr. Roof is sentenced to death, it will be the first time a jury has done so in a prosecution involving the federal hate crimes law, according to experts on capital cases. That statute, which was broadened in 2009, does not carry a potential death sentence, but Mr. Roof was also convicted of other crimes that do. A death sentence most likely would give way to a yearslong series of appeals (in which Mr. Roof could not represent himself). Among the issues could be the composition of the jury, given that Mr. Roof acted rather passively as his own lawyer when it was selected the withholding of evidence on mental health and other mitigating factors and Mr. Roof’s competence to stand trial and to represent himself. In 2008, the Supreme Court ruled in Indiana v. Edwards that trial judges could insist on legal representation for defendants who are “competent enough to stand trial but who suffer from severe mental illness to the point where they are not competent to conduct trial proceedings by themselves. ” Mr. Bruck and his team have argued in court filings that Mr. Roof, a   dropout, “has no right to represent himself in a capital trial, and even less so at the penalty phase. ” But in the 41 years since the Supreme Court recognized a Sixth Amendment right of   for criminal defendants, in Faretta v. California, the court has never specifically narrowed that holding for death penalty trials, despite their complexity. Some death penalty opponents hope that Mr. Roof’s defiance will prompt the appellate courts to adopt a more rigorous standard for capital defendants. “Whether or not they’re legally insane, there’s certainly something mentally wrong with them,” said Peter D. Greenspun, a lawyer who was ousted by a defendant, John A. Muhammad, for part of a capital murder trial for the 2002 sniper attacks in the Washington area. He added, “To have a person like that make this kind of decision, it really calls into question, from a philosophical point of view, whether that person is in a position to understand their civil liberties. ” Mr. Muhammad, who ultimately reinstated Mr. Greenspun, was sentenced to death in 2003 and executed six years later. “It’s something that Roof will likely regret,” Mr. Greenspun predicted of his choice to represent himself. “At some point down the road, he’s going to say, ‘What did I do?’ And there’s no going back. ”",0
6679,The Arrivals Bosanski Prijevod 36-theStoryOfJesus,Support Us The Arrivals Bosanski Prijevod 36-theStoryOfJesus,0
6681,Budweiser Debuts Pro-Immigration Super Bowl Ad - Breitbart,"Budweiser has chosen the charged political issue of immigration as the subject of its Super Bowl LI commercial. [The   spot explains the origin story of the beer company’s immigrant   Adolphus Busch.  The ad, titled “Born the Hard Way,” begins with a young,   Busch being told, “You’re not wanted here! Go back home!” The big budget production eventually sees Busch land on the shores of St. Louis where he built his  . “This is the story of the original   man, one of the founders of the American Dream, making it the hard way, and his path that all came after him followed,” Laura Rowan, of Budweiser’s creative branch told Adweek. “We then see the words appear: ‘When nothing will stop your dream, this is the beer you’ll drink.’ We end with the Budweiser logo and [tagline] ‘This Bud’s for you,’” she said of the ad. Ricardo Marques, vice president and executive for the Budweiser brand in the U. S. says the company’s   Super Bowl ad is “relevant today,” in light of President Donald Trump’s executive order temporarily suspending the U. S. Refugee Admissions Program and his executive order intended to tighten security along the U. S.  border and enhance enforcement of U. S. immigration laws. “It’s true, Adolphus Busch made an incredible journey to this country, and that’s really what this is about. It’s about his vision, his dream, everything that he doest to achieve that,” Marques told AdWeek. “Even though it happened in the 1850s, it’s a story that is super relevant today. That’s what we’re honing in on it’s the pursuit, the effort, the passion, the drive, the hard work, the ambition, that’s really what this is about more than anything else. ” However, Marques insists that the ad’s placement during the Super Bowl is not an attempt at making a political statement. “There’s really no correlation with anything else that’s happening in the country,” he said. “We believe this is a universal story that is very relevant today because probably more than any other period in history today the world pulls you in different directions, and it’s never been harder to stick to your guns. ” Despite Marques’s assurance that the Super Bowl ad is not about making a political statement, his company has recently played politics with its commercials. Bud Light, another brand under the   InBev umbrella, hired and then fired   actors Amy Schumer and Seth Rogen, who starred in the beer brand’s “Bud Light Party” television  last year. One of the   ads enraged viewers, who slammed the Bud Light gender pay   commercial. What’s more,   InBev, which recently cut its revenue projections for the year after reporting a consistent sales slump, invested   levels on its short TV spot. Budweiser ads typically cost between $2 million to $3 million to produce. Add the record $5 million average cost for a   Super Bowl ad, and it’s easy to understand why the brewing company is hoping its $12 to $15 million commercial can spur growth in sales. Budweiser’s   ad will air on FOX during Super Bowl LI on Feb. 5. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
6682,Uber Suspends Tests of Self-Driving Vehicles After Arizona Crash - The New York Times,"Uber said on Saturday that it was suspending the testing of its   vehicles, a day after one of the vehicles was involved in a collision in Tempe, Ariz. The Uber vehicle, which had a person in the driver’s seat but was in   mode, was not at fault in the accident, according to Josie Montenegro, a Tempe Police Department spokeswoman. Uber’s Volvo XC90 sport utility vehicle was hit when the driver of another car failed to yield, she said. The collision caused Uber’s vehicle to roll over onto its side. Ms. Montenegro and an Uber spokeswoman, Chelsea Kohler, confirmed the accident on Friday evening and said neither driver suffered serious injuries. “We are continuing to look into this incident and can confirm we had no   passengers in the vehicle,” Ms. Kohler said in a statement. Ms. Kohler said on Saturday that Uber was suspending the testing of its   vehicles in Arizona, pending the results of the investigation of the accident. She said Uber had also suspended testing in Pittsburgh and San Francisco for the day, and possibly longer. The news of the accident was first reported by    an Arizona affiliate station. The incident comes at a difficult time for Uber, which for the last two months has fielded multiple crises involving the company’s workplace culture and business practices. Earlier in March, The New York Times reported the existence of a tool called Greyball, which Uber engineers used to skirt authorities cracking down on Uber drivers worldwide. In addition, Travis Kalanick, Uber’s chief executive, was forced to apologize for his aggressive behavior after Bloomberg published video of a verbal altercation he had with an Uber driver. Although Uber was not at fault in the Arizona accident, the incident is problematic for the company, a   based in San Francisco, which has gone    with regulators as it has tried to persuade cities to allow public testing of its autonomous vehicles. Google, General Motors and Ford Motor Company are all testing autonomous vehicles in California and have registered to do so. After a successful introduction of the autonomous vehicle program in Pittsburgh last year, Uber ran into obstacles in December, when it tried to begin the testing of   vehicles in San Francisco without registering for permits. The permits require companies to disclose the number of accidents their vehicles have been involved in. Shortly after the San Francisco testing began, one of Uber’s   cars failed to recognize a stoplight and sailed through a crosswalk. The car was driving itself at the time, according to internal documents reviewed by The Times. After the California Department of Motor Vehicles revoked the registrations for Uber’s   cars, the company took its vehicles to Arizona for testing, where the governor did not require the company to seek autonomous testing permits. Google, which has long tested   vehicles in California, has also been in a number of accidents over the years. Typically, those accidents have been the fault of the other drivers. Auto companies working on   technology face the difficulty of building smarter vehicles that must not only adhere to the rules of the road but must also account for the   nature of human drivers, a far more difficult variable.",0
6683,British Companies Must Reveal How They Pay Women vs. Men - The New York Times,"At the current rate of progress, it could take nearly a century before the gender pay gap is closed in Britain. So the government is trying to speed up the process. Putting pressure on employers to tackle the nation’s gender pay gap, new rules taking effect on Thursday will require large companies to publish the average salaries of the men and the women they employ. The regulation affects companies with 250 or more employees. The figures must reveal information like salary differences between men and women, differences in average bonuses and the proportion of men and women who received those bonuses. The rules give the companies until April 2018 to report the information to the government and publish it on their websites and on a government website. “Helping women to reach their full potential isn’t only the right thing to do, it makes good economic sense and is good for British business,” Justine Greening, the minister for women and equalities, said in a statement. Under British law, men and women should receive equal pay for the same job, but there is still a gap between average wages when it comes to gender. The gender pay gap in Britain was 18. 1 percent in 2016, dropping from 27. 5 percent in 1997, according to the Office for National Statistics. The gap exists in large part because there are fewer women in senior roles and the women often do the jobs where pay is lower, said Jon Terry, a partner at the accounting firm PwC who advises financial clients on hiring and pay. According to research by PwC, it would take 95 years to close the gender pay gap in countries in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, of which Britain is a member. Women’s pay has become a more prominent topic in countries like Iceland and France, where women have walked out of their jobs at the hour they generally stopped being paid equally for their work. In the United States, decades after President John F. Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act, women earned 79 cents for every dollar men earned in 2014, according to the Census Bureau. Social scientist say one way to effect change is to publish everyone’s pay. Jake Rosenfeld, a sociologist at Washington University, found that salary transparency raised wages, in part because “even being cognizant of gender pay disparity” can change norms. In New York, the City Council tackled the issue on Wednesday by voting to prohibit employers from asking job seekers about previous salaries to help “break the cycle of gender pay inequity by reducing the likelihood that a person will be prejudiced by prior salary levels. ” In Britain, many hope the regulations will prompt companies to examine why the gender pay gap exists. “It puts such a spotlight on the issue,” Mr. Terry said. “It’s easier to see whether an organization is taking this seriously. ” Sam Smethers, the chief executive of the Fawcett Society, which campaigns for women’s rights and equality, said the new regulation, passed by the British government in February, was the most significant legal change since the Equal Pay Act of 1970. “It’s the first time we require employers to look at their pay and report on that, so that is significant change,” Ms. Smethers said. There are doubts about how effective the regulation will be. “There is no penalty for noncompliance,” Ms. Smethers noted. “Not requiring an action is a real weakness. It’s not just about the numbers it’s about engaging with the problem you’ve got. ” Some companies say the numbers do not matter in the big scheme of things. Over a quarter of senior personnel interviewed for a survey in March by the consulting firm NGA Human Resources said the gender gap was not an issue for businesses. And about 10 percent of the people interviewed said a plan was not necessary to address gender pay gap challenges in their organizations. Even if these companies do not have a gender pay gap, it was surprising that they did not have a plan in place, said Geoff Pearce, a managing consultant at NGA. “Businesses need to look at what the implications are,” he said. “If it creates an issue, that can affect their ability to recruit and retain talent, and studies have shown that the more diverse a work force is, the more productive it is. ” Still, the British regulation was likely to speed up change, Mr. Terry of PwC said companies that do not grasp the value of reporting the salary information may be persuaded to take it seriously if their reputations are at stake and they are named and shamed. “The gender pay reporting really smacks them in the face,” he said. “If they have a pay gap of 18 percent, they will get a lot of negative press. ”",0
6684,The Greatest Wealth Transfer In History Nears As ‘Deep State’ Now Pulling Out All The Stops,"43 Views November 08, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
On election day, today John Embry told King World News that the greatest wealth transfer in history nears as the ‘Deep State’ is now pulling out all the stops. 
‘Deep State’ Desperation John Embry: “Eric, mercifully election day in the U.S. has finally arrived to put an end to the ugly spectacle which has been billed as the presidential campaign. The capper came on Monday, when in response to the FBI ending its investigation of Hillary Clintons email transgressions, the Dow magically rallied back to 18,200, a level which had been defended for months by the powers that be… Continue reading the John Embry interview below… Advertisement To hear what billionaire Eric Sprott & Rick Rule are doing with their own money and which $7 billion company John Embry & Dr. Marc Faber oversee click on the logo: 
John Embry continues: “ Simultaneously gold and silver were viciously attacked, while virtually every other asset category, including oil and copper, which incidentally have terrible fundamentals, rose in price. This represents business as usual as the ‘Deep State’ pulls out all stops to have their candidate Hillary Clinton elected. 
I suspect that in the fullness of time Monday will be seen as one of the most ridiculous days in market history, irrespective of who wins the election. The sad fact is that the U.S. problems now run so deep that no president has any ability at this stage to address the situation and bring back the good old days of sustainable growth and containable inflation. I believe that we are going to see rising inflation in conjunction with a steadily weakening economy as the staggering debt load takes its inevitable toll. 
I laughed when I saw the headlines in the New York Times and the London Financial Times in the wake of last week’s lousy jobs numbers, which incidentally would have been a whole lot worse if they weren’t so heavily doctored. The New York Times headline screamed, ‘Unemployment Hits 2008 Low, Wages Increase.’ The FT stated, ‘Wage Data Underlines Solid Jobs Market As Poll Nears.’ These newspapers are now so compromised that they shouldn’t be referred to as newspapers, but rather government propaganda machines. The old Soviet Pravda operation would be green with envy. In reality, U.S. federal government tax withholdings are now falling, giving a much better indication of the true state of the U.S. economy. 
The sharp fall in gold and silver on Monday provided yet another excellent buying opportunity. But irrespective of who is the next U.S. president, both metals will be heading sharply higher as financial reality overtakes the present pre-election fantasy. I would echo James Turk’s excellent advice on KWN yesterday when he said, ‘Own   assets.’ I believe he is dead right, and as I’ve said many times, before this saga is over we are going to witness the greatest wealth transfer in history and one best be on the right side of that transaction.” 
  As The World Awaits The U.S. Election Outcome, Buckle Up For Some Rough Times  ",0
6685,"What to Watch in Congress: Confirmation Votes, Regulation Rollbacks - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Emboldened by weeks of protests across the country, congressional Democrats are digging in as Republicans try to swiftly remake a government shaped by the Obama administration. Tensions over President Trump’s early efforts to deliver on a long menu of campaign promises have spilled into the halls of Congress, turning   debates into a proxy battle over a combative president. With the Senate already hinting it could work through the weekend, expect another busy week at the Capitol. Let us get you up to speed. ■ Vice President Mike Pence could well be needed to break a   tie in the Senate over the nomination of Betsy DeVos as education secretary. ■ Mr. Trump’s nominee for attorney general, Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, could be confirmed by the end of the week. ■ Republicans in Congress will also vote to roll back   regulations. Mr. Pence may be summoned to the Capitol early this week to cast the 51st vote to confirm Ms. DeVos as education secretary over vociferous, now bipartisan objections. The Senate could vote on her nomination as late as Tuesday. Congressional trivia buffs, take note: It would be the first time that the vice president has been forced to cast a tiebreaking vote on a cabinet nomination, said Betty K. Koed, the Senate historian. Senators Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska thrust Ms. DeVos’s nomination into question last week when they became the first two Republicans to declare their opposition. Should the Democratic caucus vote as a bloc, their votes would set up a   tie that Mr. Pence would have to settle in his capacity as president of the Senate. The Capitol has been flooded with thousands of constituent calls and messages, many of them urging senators to vote against Ms. DeVos. Still, it looks unlikely that any more Republicans will defect, and that would be enough to confirm her. Once the Senate deals with the DeVos nomination, it will move on to the nomination of Mr. Sessions to be attorney general. First comes a procedural vote that sets the timer for up to 30 hours of debate before the final vote. That means Mr. Sessions’s confirmation vote should come later this week, at which point the Senate will start the process over with the nomination of Representative Tom Price of Georgia to be secretary of health and human services, followed by a vote on the nomination of Steven T. Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary. Of course, just because Democrats may not have the votes to block Mr. Trump’s cabinet nominees does not mean they will go quietly. Having stacked up as many parliamentary roadblocks as they could find last week, Democrats are expected to take advantage of the mandatory debate time, probably to air their concerns about Mr. Trump’s picks as well as grievances against their Republican counterparts, who they believe have stymied a thorough examination of some nominees. That could be bad news for senators with plans on Saturday: Republican leaders may keep the Senate in session over the weekend to get the job done. After dusting off  the Congressional Review Act last week, the House will use that momentum to continue rolling back recently finalized   regulations. On Tuesday, the House is scheduled to vote to toss out three rules: an Interior Department rule intended to increase transparency and public input on the use of public lands an Education Department rule that spells out provisions of a recent education law regarding accountability and another Education Department rule that sets the parameters for gathering and sharing data on teacher training programs. The Senate began taking up these regulations between nomination votes last week, and it is likely to continue this week, voting after the House to roll back each rule one by one before it is sent to the president. Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, the federal appeals court judge nominated by Mr. Trump for the Supreme Court, will continue his courtesy meetings with senators. Judge Gorsuch is expected to meet on Monday with Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, after having sat down last week with Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, and Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. Ms. Feinstein has expressed reservations about Judge Gorsuch, as has Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, who said Mr. Trump’s propensity for flouting “the rule of law” demanded “an independent jurist. ” Two weeks after congressional Republicans and Senate Democrats ducked out for their policy retreats, the House Democratic caucus will slip away on Wednesday for its summit meeting in Baltimore. While Republicans spent part of their retreat debating  —   and occasionally fretting  —   about how to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, Democrats seem likely to strategize their response. Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the House Democratic leader, has seized every recent opportunity to condemn Republican plans to get rid of the health care law, as Democrats continue to transmit a simple message across the aisle about the nation’s health care system: If you break it, you buy it.",0
6686,Young Rural Women in India Chase Big-City Dreams - The New York Times,"BANGALORE, India  —   The factory floor is going full throttle when the new girls walk in. Everywhere is the thrumming of sewing machines, the hum of fans, the faint burning smell of steam irons. On narrow tables that run between the machines,   Marks  Spencer miniskirts are thrust forward by fistfuls. The tailors, absorbed in the task of finishing 100 pieces per hour, for once turn their heads to look. The new girls smell of the village. They have sprinklings of pimples. They woke well before dawn to prepare themselves for their first day of work, leaning over one another’s faces in silence to shape the edges of each eyebrow with a razor blade. Their braids bounce to their hips, tight and glossy, as if woven by a surgeon. On their ankles are silver chains hung with bells, so when they walk in a group, they jingle. But it is impossible to hear this sound over the racket on the factory floor. The tailors glance up for only a moment, long enough to take in an experiment. The new workers  —   teenagers, most of them  —   have been recruited from remote villages to help factories like this one meet the global demand for cheap garments. But there is also social engineering going on. A government program has drawn the trainees from the vast population of rural Indian women who spend their lives doing chores. In 2012, the last time the government surveyed its citizens about their occupation, an astonishing 205 million women between the ages of 15 and 60 responded “attending to domestic duties. ” Economists, with increasing urgency, say India will not fulfill its potential if it cannot put them to work in the economy. They say that if female employment were brought on par with male employment in India, the nation’s gross domestic product would expand by as much as 27 percent. Experiments like the one in Bangalore run against deep currents in India, whose guiding voice, Mohandas K. Gandhi, envisioned a socialist future built on the   economy of the village. They also collide spectacularly with an old way of life, in which girls are kept in seclusion until they can be transferred to another family through arranged marriage. Bangalore is the first city the 37 trainee tailors have seen. They are dazzled by the different kinds of light. Picking their way through the alleys around the factory, a column of virgins from the countryside, they stare up at an apartment building that towers over the neighborhood and wish their mothers could see it. Among them are two sisters, Prabhati and Shashi Das. They have come from a village at the end of a road, a place so conservative that the single time they went to a movie theater, their male cousins and uncles created a human chain around them, their big hands linked, to protect them from any contact with outside men. They are, as far as they know, the first unmarried women who have ever migrated from the village to work. Neighbors in the village are waiting to see what happens. The nasty ones say, with obvious relish, it will end badly. They whisper about migrant workers whose eyes were removed by organ traders while they slept. They say Prabhati and Shashi will be “used this way and that. ” Still, they go. Prabhati, at 21, is stubborn and able, and Shashi, two years her junior, pretty and fizzing with suppressed laughter. The two sisters hook pinkies when they walk down the lane that leads to the factory. “All the flirts and ruffians in the whole world must have been born on this lane,” Shashi grumbles, but she is laughing. Attention is like water to her. The sisters are waiting, too, to see what will happen to them. They are both at the age when they could be summoned at any moment to be displayed to a family of strangers as a potential   . And each of them wants something else, something impossible. It is late May, the first day of their factory summer  —   of love letters folded into squares and dropped onto work stations of fevers sweated out on the floor of a bare hostel room of supervisors shouting in a language they do not understand, a couple of words  —   “work” and “faster”  —   gradually becoming clear of capitalism, of men and of a bit of freedom. It all started in March, in the drippy jungle of rural Odisha, when two distant relatives happened to meet on the roadside. One of the men had found employment as a “mobilizer” for Gram Tarang, a   agency contracted by India’s government to recruit and train workers. He mentioned that Gram Tarang was offering a cash incentive  —   roughly 450 rupees, or about $6. 75, a head  —   to mobilizers who identified young women willing to enroll in a training program for garment factory jobs. The second man, Hemant Das, perked up, sensing the approach of a change of career. Hemant had an underfed look and teeth rimmed with tobacco stains. Among the first college graduates from his family, he had tried his hand at laying bricks, tutoring schoolchildren, programming computers, setting up wedding tents and waiting tables before finally falling back on the only job widely available to men here, working as a field hand for 200 rupees a day. Hemant was from a village called Ishwarpur, and as it happened, idle young women were something Ishwarpur had in great quantity. That they could be monetized came as good news. On its economic merits alone, Hemant figured, the government scheme would prove tempting: After two months of training, their daughters would be placed in a factory in the industrial center of Bangalore, where they would earn the legal minimum wage, 7, 187 rupees per month, or about $108, which is more than most of their fathers make. Six months after arriving in Bangalore, they would be free to return home if they wished. Hemant set out the next day with a fistful of pamphlets and an uncharacteristically sunny disposition. But as he made his rounds of local families  —   30 of them, at least  —   they shook their heads. No. “Letting go of female children is dishonorable, in itself,” explained Pramanand Das, who presides over an informal family council. Minati Das, the mother of a    got to the point quicker. “Not everyone wants a    who is a working woman,” she said. “They think she has lost her chastity. ” The village had its own plan for these young women. Upon reaching adulthood, they would be transferred to the guardianship of another family, along with a huge dowry that serves as an incentive to treat them well. The transfer is final. Once married, the new bride cannot return to visit her parents without permission, which is given sparingly, so that the bonds to her old home will weaken. She must show her submission to the new family: She is not allowed to speak the names of her   because it is seen as too familiar, and in some places she is not allowed to use words that begin with the same letters as her  ’ names, requiring the invention of a large parallel vocabulary. Each morning, before she is allowed to eat, the    must wash the feet of her husband’s parents and then drink the water she has used to wash them. Hemant would have been completely out of luck if he had not thought to try Karuna Das, who had two daughters of marriageable age. Karuna was a sinewy day laborer, and he had roamed far from the village in his younger days to work in iron foundries in Chennai and Hyderabad. The gossip was that Karuna agreed to enroll his eldest daughters because he was unable to scrape together 100, 000 rupees for dowries. That was undoubtedly the case. It was also true that Karuna did not care much what other people said. He had never behaved like a poor man. When word spread that he had agreed to send Prabhati and Shashi, the village elders convened emergency meetings to determine whether this violated “purdah,” or separation between the sexes, and whether this would damage the marriage prospects of their own daughters. Women stopped by to tease the girl’s mother, Radha Rani, who wept inconsolably. It turned out that Karuna had not been asking for permission. He instructed his daughters to pack four or five changes of clothes. Go see what the world is like, he told them. “They were reluctant to go anywhere because they were a bit scared,” he said. “I told them being scared is O. K. O. K. you’re scared. Now you have to move on. ” Prabhati has never seen a train, much less ridden in one, and on the   journey to Bangalore the earth seems to heave under her. As miles of paddy fields slide by, she vomits. Thatch roofs are replaced by peaked roofs, and she vomits. When they reach south India, rain begins to hit the window in fat spatters. It had come as news to Prabhati that the training program involved traveling 900 miles. But some intention had hardened within her. She wanted to prove the neighbors wrong. She did not care about her marriage prospects because, after examining the marriages that surrounded her in Ishwarpur, she decided she did not want to marry at all. “I will go to Bangalore,” she told her parents. “If I come back, then you can get me married. If I don’t come back, you can’t get me married. ” Shashi sits beside her retching sister and strokes her back. She had not wanted to come. Happy enough with a future as a housewife, she had focused her energy on making mischief. Among friends, she introduced herself as “45 kilograms of hotness. ” Out of the corner of her mouth came a stream of dirty jokes, and she made the other girls dissolve in helpless laughter by comparing breast sizes to vegetables (including, mournfully, a kernel of corn). Working on an assembly line was not Shashi’s idea of fun. But Prabhati plunged forward, and, as usual, Shashi cruised along in her wake. The sisters, lugging a bag of clothes, sit with 35 other girls from Odisha who are making the same journey. They have all dressed in baggy    uniforms, with ID cards swinging from their necks. Their parents had made   attempts to keep them from leaving, which had to be repelled with sustained tantrums. A girl called Baby, who is 18 and bespectacled, said that she had secured her mother’s permission only by refusing to eat for two days. “They wanted me to come home,” she says. “I’m not going home. ” The Gram Tarang instructors had taught them an anthem about   and they sing it on their journey to Bangalore, again and again, for comfort. We will stay a month and train ourselvesThis job is the story of our livesThe job is as important as prayerWe won’t fear, and we will go ahead. The sun has not yet risen when they arrive at the hostel that will be their new home for the next six months: 137 women in 15 unfurnished rooms, every inch covered with girlish flotsam, underwear and bras drying on the window grates, sentimental verses penciled on the walls. Prabhati and Shashi’s room is being painted, so on the first night 25 of them crowd into two rooms, so tight that one of their roommates stretches out on the kitchen counter. “I thought there would be beds,” murmurs one, and the chaperone from Gram Tarang looks exasperated. “They complain, ‘You could have given us this, you could have given us that,’” he says. “We sweetly explain that it is not possible. They don’t have the bed system in Bangalore. ” But the girls are too keyed up to sleep. Climbing onto the roof, they can see the sun rising over a landscape of other roofs, where, in all directions, migrants seek a breath of quiet. There they can gaze up at the 22nd story of an apartment building, where residents come out to hang their laundry on balconies. It is the most amazing thing they have ever seen: big people looking tiny. “I want to see what I haven’t seen,” murmurs one of the girls, sleepily. “I want to see what I don’t even know exists. ” Baby says something about her eventual return to India, and when someone corrects her, she looks up sharply. “Bangalore is in India?” she asks. For the first few weeks, everything is new. Stepping out of the hostel, the trainees are surrounded by men: Men on balconies, men on scooters, men lounging in doorways, staring. The road is plastered with signs saying “tailors wanted,” and one girl gives a yelp of alarm, mistaking them for wanted posters. On the day of a Hindu festival, Prabhati peers down from the roof at a troupe of transgender dancers, smiling and twitching suggestively as men press in around them. When one bends down so that an onlooker can stick a folded bill in her cleavage, Prabhati is so shocked that she has an impulse to reach for a stone and throw it. “If this happened in the village,” she says, “you would all be dead. ” In rural Odisha they like to say that “a girl’s shyness is her jewelry. ” But here, there is no space for the newcomers unless they make space for themselves. To cross the street  —   a throbbing   road coursing with auto rickshaws, clattering cargo trucks, scooters carrying whole families  —   requires stepping in front of the   vehicles, if necessary stopping them with their bodies. The girls waver, and then they plunge. Much of what they learned in the village must be unlearned here. One evening when Baby begins preparing dinner, several of her roommates protest. She is menstruating, and caste tradition dictates that menstruating women must live in isolation, sleeping alone and taking care not to step into the kitchen, lest they contaminate the food and water. So two of the younger roommates cook, emerging an hour later with a glutinous, inedible glop. At this point, Baby is irritated. Menstruating women are allowed to work in the factory, aren’t they? She walks into the kitchen, and the scent of spices and onions fills the room. After a brief discussion, they agree that the menstruation rules will be void for as long as they are living in Bangalore. Then they stuff themselves with food and fall into a deep sleep. When they are introduced to a factory supervisor and dive to touch her feet, a traditional gesture of respect toward elders, the supervisor jumps back as if she has been stuck with a hot poker. She then assumes a slight crouch, as if preparing to defend herself from further reverence. Back in their bedrooms, the girls laugh hysterically at this. From childhood, they have been told that it is disrespectful for a girl to laugh out loud in the presence of elders. In the event of irrepressible laughter, girls must cover their mouths with anything at hand: the corner of a dupatta, a hand, a washcloth. This lesson, too, flies out the window. In the hostel they laugh like tractors. They laugh so loud they spit their water out. “I’m giving you 25 seconds to thread this needle,” the supervisor says in Hindi. The recruits, whose native language is Oriya, barely understand.   tailors bend their heads, trying to guide frayed threads through a maze of eight loops. At the K. Mohan  Company Exports Private Limited, the girls have entered a world of machines: massive industrial extractors, laser cutters, a   protocol that kicks in when a needle tip breaks off. And yet, incredibly, garments worn in the West are still made by humans  —   nearly all of them women, working exhausting hours, with few legal protections and little chance of advancement, for some of the lowest wages in the global supply chain. As the trainees practice sewing straight lines on pieces of scrap fabric, supervisors pace the aisle, hoping to spot one with machinelike dexterity and speed. One of them slows, and then stops, beside a girl called Cuddles, the daughter of a truck driver. The supervisor blinks, looks again. This is  —   there is no other word for it  —   talent. She has covered the fabric with seams as straight as the lines on ruled notebook paper. Cuddles is among the first in the group to be integrated into an assembly line, bent over, eyes straining. Her task is to stitch together three small tags for the Marks  Spencer stretch corduroy skirt: one that identifies the brand, one that gives washing instructions and one the size, a scrap so tiny that it is nearly impossible to hold straight between finger and thumb. If she allows a tag to slip to the floor, or fly away in the gusts from the ceiling fan, her salary will be docked. She will be under pressure to complete this task 100 times per hour for eight hours, with one   break for lunch, for a base daily wage of around $2. A man with a loft of dyed black hair steps out of his office to greet the group. This is N. Manjunath, the assistant general manager for human resources at the factory. He is recruiting rural workers through the government program because he is desperate:   are no longer interested in factory jobs like these, with their low pay and punishing conditions, and attrition rates are high. Migrant women are more docile. This is what Manjunath is hoping. Prabhati, Shashi and the other recruits take seats in a canteen, and sit with their hands folded in their laps. They are to work every day but Sunday. They can collect their pension in 40 years. Should they die on the job, state health insurance will cover funeral costs. They are drowsy. The numbers fly by them in flocks. When a response is expected, they chorus “Yes, miss,” or “Yes, sir,” as they would to a schoolmaster. Any questions? “Can we work on Sundays?” Manjunath thinks of himself as a kind man. But the complications of employing village girls have strained his last nerve: the weepy petitions for leave to return to the village for essential functions, like a father having a hemorrhoid removed the domestic squabbles, which on one occasion ended in the consumption of toilet cleaner and the “love cases,” in which a tailor, upon forming a romantic attachment in the factory, is summarily ordered home. Lately, when the girls come to him with complaints, he listens skeptically, with a sardonic smile. He assesses this latest batch of recruits, the second from Odisha, as “lackadaisical. ” He believes they have come here for an adventure, and will gravitate back to the village as soon as their parents tell them to come home. He is right to worry. After six months on the job, when the government incentives are paid out, around half the trainees brought in by Gram Tarang return to their villages. Only 40 percent stay longer than a year. It comes down to this: If the village has a plan for the girls, so does the factory. Leading them through the rows of machines, Manjunath wags his finger. “Don’t get married too soon,” he warns them. Within two weeks of their arrival, one of the sisters’ roommates has eloped straight from the factory gates, not even stopping by the hostel to pick up her clothes. Those who remain spill their secrets to one another. Tanushree Behera sleeps entangled with a girl she calls her wife. Jayasmita Behera is divorced, having left her husband less than two weeks after the wedding. “If I had stayed,” she says, “my life would have been destroyed. ” The rest spend their evenings in quiet conversation with boyfriends, whose existence is unknown to their parents. They examine each other’s palms for creases that indicate they will be among the small number of Indians  —   as low as 5 percent, according to one survey  —   who marry for love. At the factory, they stitch their boyfriends’ names on scrap fabric. Male tailors stroll by as they work, dropping love letters folded into fat wads, and the girls read them aloud, to comic effect, at the hostel. “My dear, my lever,” someone writes to Shashi in broken English. “I have tied you up in my heart. ” Sitting   on the floor, they compare notes on evasive maneuvers they use to avoid being shown to prospective   like Roadrunner slipping away from Wile E. Coyote. Shradhanjali Mallick, the beauty among them, says she used to have success with bouts of hysterical crying, but that moving to Bangalore has been more effective. “How can they marry me off if I am not physically present?” she asks innocently, and Prabhati laughs. “Let them hold a wedding of    and  ” she says. “Because that’s the only kind of wedding they will be able to pull off. ” This is not something Prabhati can laugh about at home. Her views on marriage were set in stone several years back, when a young wife in her village was set on fire in a domestic dispute. Prabhati has been arguing for years that she should be allowed to remain single, that her parents should proceed to fixing a marriage for Shashi, who is pretty and will get better offers. “I will become a nun,” she says. But her parents flick away her comment, casually, as if it were a fly. So she thinks of escape. This is a subject she cannot discuss with her sister. Three years ago, Prabhati came across a mobile phone that a secret boyfriend gave Shashi as a way of keeping in touch, rigged, as if for espionage, with no audible sound or light, to be switched on at times when they have agreed to speak. Prabhati snatched the phone away and informed her father. Shashi screamed at her father that day  —   don’t break that phone!  —   but she never saw it again. For months, she could not look him in the eye. The sisters were never as close again. When it comes to the future, Prabhati and Shashi keep their own counsel. By the first week of June, the new girls are praying for Sunday to arrive. Their joints hurt. Their backs hurt. They come home from the factory with fingers punctured by needles or sliced by industrial clippers. Sitting still for eight hours is strange and new, and at times, the boredom is maddening. They sing to their machines. They pull hairs out of their chins. Baby amuses herself by giving herself little scratches on the wrist. They are locked into the hostel except for “out passes” on alternate Sundays, which are granted by the factory human resources staff. A Gram Tarang “life skills” instructor makes the rounds inside the hostel, selling them   jars of an Herbalife energy drink, which she tells them will help them keep up with the pace of work in the factory. It does give them energy  —   it includes caffeine and maltodextrin  —   but it also gives them diarrhea and eats up their remaining cash. This is no small problem, because they are running out of money for food. They count the days until June 10, when they will be paid for their first two weeks of work. Prabhati and Shashi, who had left home with 5, 000 rupees, or about $75, find themselves with 100 rupees between them. “If there’s no salary today, it’s going to be a problem,” Prabhati says. On June 10, they are not paid. Three more days pass, and they still are not paid. Outside the factory window the sky has turned black and the air is churning a curtain of monsoon rain is about to sweep in. About 15 girls walk into Manjunath’s office, hearts pounding, to demand their pay. He looks up from his desk, annoyed. The usual genial expression has vanished from his face. He explains that he cannot solve their problem: The company has opened bank accounts for them, but the bank has not delivered their A. T. M. cards. Anyway, he dismisses the suggestion that the girls are running out of money. And who, he wonders, has given them the idea that they can make demands? He surveys the group in search of its leader. “My clear understanding is that if you have a basket of fruits and only one is not good, it will spoil the other fruit,” he explains. “You have to take one out. ” When Jayasmita steps forward to say they have not eaten since yesterday, he swivels his head in her direction. He does not speak Oriya. “What did she say?” he asks a caseworker. The girls are promised an advance for rice and are ordered to leave his office. They shuffle out. They had been planning to stop working unless they were paid immediately, but their strike has lasted less than five minutes. Jayasmita slumps against a wall, and vows never to try anything like that again. “When you come to a new city,” she says, “you have to learn to care for yourself, and not bother with others. ” The money for the first two weeks’ work comes through three or four days later  —   after withholdings for pension, health insurance, lodging, food and kitchen furnishings, a grand total of 1, 874 rupees, or roughly $28. This sum must last them for the next month. In the hostel room where Prabhati and Shashi stay, the amount of the paycheck is not relevant. They have never earned money before, only asked their fathers for it. A wave of happiness washes over all of them. They do not feel like girls, they say: They feel like boys. They transfer credit  —   30 rupees, 50 rupees  —   to the cellphones of their mothers, brothers,       and boyfriends, as if they were distributing sweets to celebrate some windfall. Unable to wait, they call their families from cubbyhole A. T. M.s to share the news. This is not always welcome. Cuddles transfers a balance of 50 rupees to her father’s phone, but he considers it shameful to accept money from a daughter. He calls her, angrily, to say, “Never do that again. ” Cuddles doesn’t care she has never been so happy. Prabhati and Shashi are among the last to receive their A. T. M. cards. They find a bank machine in between Krishna Jewelers  Pawnbrokers and Blooming Buds India Playschool. Leaving the A. T. M. Prabhati feels joy, but she is not the type of person who shows it. She scans the street, looking for some way to celebrate, and finally asks a man if she can borrow his bicycle for a moment. She climbs on top of it and pedals as hard as she can, her braid flying behind her. Then, taking note of his look of worry, she swings the bicycle around and returns it to its owner. Shashi dances down the stairs and most of the way home. The money sends a wild thrill through her, so that she wishes she could   through the next month, and the month after that, and after that. So that life is a long string of paydays. The two sisters make a pact: They will stay in Bangalore at least a year. They spend much of their paychecks on nose rings for each other, tiny specks of   gold. They place them on each other in front of their roommates, beaming, their faces so close together that they could be kissing. Then Prabhati lies down on her stomach, full length, cheek to the cool linoleum. She is not feeling well. It is strange that one of the first girls to falter is Prabhati, who was the most resolute about staying in Bangalore. She has contracted a fever that comes and goes for two weeks. She stops eating and then stops talking her eyes are so hollow that you could place a handful of rice in them. Shashi stays home, combing her sister’s hair and forcing her to bathe. But then she must return to work, and Prabhati is left shivering on the floor. “In city life,” Prabhati says, “even if you are dead, people will just get dressed and go to the factory without being bothered. ” Minati Mahji, who has lived in the hostel for six years, observes them wearily. Of 130 women who arrived at the same time, only she and her four roommates have stuck it out. She tried switching to another factory, but it was no better, and she wound up back in the hostel. Her pay has crept up to 9, 800 rupees, or $146 per month. She has seen wave after wave of young women arrive from the countryside, freshly hatched, and she knows how it usually ends  —   with the girl’s disappearance into that old world as a   . “Whatever they are planning, it doesn’t happen like that,” she says. Even through her fever, Prabhati knows she wants to stay. She tries to keep her illness from her family, handing her crisp new   bills to a   doctor who seems to give all his injections in the buttocks. It is Shashi who tells their father that her sister is sick. Her father calls the Gram Tarang training center, demanding that Prabhati be sent home, and the training center calls the factory. On the day she is to board a train to return to Ishwarpur, Prabhati stands at the edge of the roof, tears streaming down her face, and watches her younger sister walk down the lane toward the factory. The mood in the hostel sags. “The day she left, she told me: ‘I told you I would stay a year. And I couldn’t even stay for two months,’ ” Jayasmita recounts. Minati doubts Prabhati will return. The family, having violated custom once by letting the daughters go, is not likely to do it twice. “People mean to come back,” Minati says. “But they don’t come back. ” On the assembly line, someone covers Prabhati’s sewing machine with plastic sheeting. Three weeks later, two burly men come to push it to an area marked “idle machines. ” Just like that, Prabhati is back in her mother’s thatch hut, feeding kindling into a clay oven. Coming home is like falling into cotton. Rice is sprouting up through great reflective planes of water, so vivid it hurts your eyes to look at it. The neighbors stop by, seeking an outcome to the family’s experiment. “So, are your daughters back from their jobs?” asks one, in a voice thick with  . Prabhati’s mother, Radha Rani, takes her to a country witch, who traces shapes around her head with a broom and declares that someone has cast an evil eye on her. He blows on her, a holy wind. Outside there is the smell of things growing. Prabhati sleeps as if she is under a spell. When she calls her sister, hoping to arrange for her return to Bangalore, Shashi sounds far away. It turns out factory life agrees with Shashi. She has been absorbed into an assembly line expected to produce 100 pairs of khaki chinos an hour. In the morning she takes her seat among hillocks of pants, and spends the next eight and a half hours in a   punctuated by the shouting of supervisors and a   break for lunch. A whiteboard lists the   target. They are always behind. Behind her in the assembly line, a potbellied man in his late 30s peppers her with the gustatory queries that pass for small talk in south India. Have you eaten today? Are you hungry? Do you want to eat more? She swivels in her chair to ask him, “Would you like me to shove these pants down your throat?” Shashi finds it interesting that she, the   in the family, is the one becoming a city person. She examines her face in the mirror for signs that she is becoming paler. She tells the family that Prabhati should not return, and that she cannot send money home this month. Instead, Shashi arranges for a meeting with Sunil, a boy from a neighboring village whom she wants to marry. Six years ago, when Sunil first asked Shashi to meet him in person, she was escorted by a female cousin and was too shy to look at Sunil’s face. When he sat on the chair, she would go to the bed. When he went to the bed, she would go to the chair. Finally he told her to stop and listen. She sat still. Whatever it was he said to her, it made her feel that he was her own. “I love him, you know?” she says. “I do not know whether he is good or bad. ” Since that day three years ago when Prabhati discovered the cellphone Sunil had given her, Shashi has been proceeding cautiously with a plan to persuade her parents to agree to her choice for a husband. She and Sunil have chosen names, Situ and Sukhi, for a girl and boy. “If I work for a long time,” she says, “and I really insist on it, there is a chance. ” Now that her sister is gone, it is no longer necessary for Shashi to keep this a secret. It is a blessed relief, like taking off a shoe that is cutting into a tender part of your foot. On the August day when her third paycheck comes in, Shashi doesn’t tell anyone what she has planned. Leaving the hostel means breaking curfew, but she persuades her friends to go with her. The small group threads its way along the darkening street, past rotting cauliflower and coconut shells. The girls are headed to a bright shop where smartphones are displayed in glass cases. The shopkeeper is about 25, his shirt unbuttoned to reveal a glint of gold chain. He has seen many girls like these, provincials, fishing out coins at the vegetable market. He does not hide his disdain. But when Shashi announces that she wants to buy a   Lava A59 smartphone, he is suddenly wide awake, respectful. Shashi’s face is a mask of concentration as she repeatedly counts the bills and arranges them into a fan to show the shopkeeper. The girls around her are hushed. The amount is more than half her month’s pay. It is the weightiest decision she has ever made. When they step back onto the street, something flickers across Shashi’s face  —   triumph  —   and she pumps her fist. Back at the hostel, she drops her new purchase into the hands of her roommates, who immediately go through it, looking for WhatsApp, which they discovered the week before. Sunil will be calling soon. He has been badgering Shashi to make this purchase so she can send pictures over the internet. She disappears into the bathroom to splash cold water on her face. She is gone a long time. She lies for a moment on the floor, staring at the ceiling. Then she dials a number in the village. “Elder sister,” she says. “I got my phone!” September has arrived, and every day there is a new reason Prabhati cannot return to Bangalore. Her mother has stomach cramps. Her younger siblings’ tuition bills are due. No adult male is available to accompany her on the train journey. Prabhati mentally reviews the cost of the ticket: 1, 350 rupees for the train, 300 more for the auto rickshaw from Majestic Station. She jokes, a little nervously, that she should steal the money. A voice in her head tells her that if she doesn’t go now, she never will. And yet that voice is becoming fainter. She can feel the village’s drowsy peace overtaking her. Her mother says, in an offhand way, that it is time to start finding a groom. This is not how it was supposed to go. Shashi ensconced in the city, and Prabhati stuck in Ishwarpur. “Before, I was at home, and I didn’t know anything, and it was O. K.,” she says, dully. “Now I know something, and it’s not O. K. ” Back in Bangalore, the factory girls’ fathers have begun to call. They expect them to come home on leave in December, after the   factory stint is up. Jayasmita’s father says a marriage proposal has come from a man in Cattuck. “I tell them I’m not going anywhere,” she says. “The moment I heard talk about marriage, I hung up. ” Shradhanjali says she will return, and plans to wriggle out of yet another proposal. “If possible, I’ll fight it off,” she says, but sounds uncertain. “You know where you’ll find her in a year?” Jayasmita says, teasingly. “At her  . ” The factory girls seem less afraid every month. Shashi sees her boyfriend, Sunil, as planned. He takes the overnight train in from Kerala, where he has migrated for work. They meet at a nearby gas station and walk in a park for most of the day, holding hands. At 4 p. m. he returns to the train station and boards another overnight train back to Kerala. She uses Facebook and WhatsApp to communicate with him, as if the internet were two tin cans attached by a piece of twine. Every time they get into a fight, she uninstalls the apps. Her smartphone has become an appendage. She presses it to her ear while she is walking down the lane, striding over rats flattened into the pavement. Waking in the night, she rolls over and checks it for new messages. A group of her friends are toying with the idea of leaving the hostel, seeking   work at another factory. She is amazed at how far she has come. On an outing last Sunday, she arranged to meet a male cousin, another migrant worker, and a group of them strolled together at the edge of a highway overpass, breathing in the exhaust from 12 lanes of traffic. They don’t have money to step into a restaurant, so they sit on a pipe on the ground outside a Toyota dealership, in the bright sunshine, comparing phones. That’s another thing: Shashi and her friends are not the new girls anymore. The new girls are arriving from Uttar Pradesh and Jharkhand. Their braids are tight and glossy. Dropping their bags in their rooms, they climb up to the roof to gaze at the   building, which is the most amazing thing they have ever seen. Their eyes widen at the girls from Odisha, in their jeans and  . The girls from Odisha regard them with friendly condescension. They invite them into their rooms, as if they’ve been here forever.",0
6687,Electric Floors Could Generate Renewable Energy From Walking,"Electric Floors Could Generate Renewable Energy From Walking Posted on Oct 29, 2016 Chuck Coker / CC BY-ND 2.0 
LONDON—US scientists have found a new way to generate energy at home: the tribo-electric floor. Tread on it and it will convert the kinetic energy of a footstep into a current of electricity . And it’s made from the waste wood pulp that already serves as cheap flooring throughout the world. Xudong Wang , an engineer and materials scientist, at the University of Wisconsin-Madison and colleagues report in the journal Nano Energy that they have taken cellulose fibres from forest waste material and chemically treated them in a way that creates an electric charge when they come into contact with untreated wood pulp fibres. The result: a patented, tribo-electric nanogenerator floor covering that can harness the energy of any footfall, and turn it into electric current that could light up a room or charge a battery. So far, it exists only as a laboratory prototype. It promises, the scientists say, to be cheap and durable. And it exploits a waste material available wherever there is a forest industry. “Our initial test in our lab shows that it works for millions of cycles without any problem,” Professor Wang said. “We haven’t converted those numbers into years of life for a floor yet, but I think with appropriate design it can definitely outlast the floor itself.” Long wait The gap between any laboratory experiment and a commercial success is huge, and many promising products never make it, or take years of further experiment. But this study is yet another example of the extraordinary explosion of ingenuity prompted by the need to generate energy in ways that sidestep the greenhouse gas emissions that have been driving dangerous climate change. Engineers, nanotechnologists and chemists have tested ways to make windows and even solar panels by making timber optically transparent . They have looked more closely at the tree’s relationship with the sun and fashioned a bionic leaf that can exploit sunlight 10 times more effectively to create biomass that could be turned into a liquid fuel. They have dreamed up an electric car battery that can renew itself with atmospheric carbon dioxide , and a bacterial fuel cell that generates electricity from waste water. Energy conserved And they have even devised the ultimate in power dressing – a fabric that as it rustles could charge a cellphone. Such research starts from the laws of thermodynamics, which dictate that energy must always be conserved. The energy involved in a plate of food, a footstep, the sprouting of a seedling or the turning of a turbine is still energy: there could be a way to recycle it rather than let it dissipate as heat into the atmosphere. What Professor Wang and his team have done is exploit the same property that creates static electricity in clothing: the tribo-electric effect which turns vibration into charge. The ground beneath the foot is a source of potential energy: the challenge is to find a way to plug into it. In theory, a busy motorway could become a renewable power source. Professor Wang and his team have already tested a nanogenerator that recovers energy from rolling tyres . Then they turned to the surface under the wheels. “We’ve been working a lot on harvesting energy from human activities. One way is to build something to put on people and another way is to build something that has constant access to people” “Roadside energy harvesting requires thinking about places where there is abundant energy we could be harvesting,” said Professor Wang. “We’ve been working a lot on harvesting energy from human activities. One way is to build something to put on people and another way is to build something that has constant access to people. The ground is the most used place.” The team have tested a fabric less than 1mm thick made of tiny chemically treated and untreated wood pulp fibres: in contact, electrons move from one to the other. This electronic transfer creates a charge imbalance that must be righted. But as the electrons return, they pass through an external circuit and deliver energy. In theory, the electric floor technology could be incorporated into all kinds of flooring. In theory, extra layers of the fabric could deliver even more power. The next step is to demonstrate the concept by putting a sheet of it down in a high-profile spot in the university campus. “This development shows great promises in creating large-scale and environmentally sustainable tribo-electric board for flooring, packaging and supporting infrastructures,” the authors write. 
Tim Radford, a founding editor of Climate News Network, worked for The Guardian for 32 years, for most of that time as science editor. He has been covering climate change since 1988. 
Advertisement",0
6688,FBI Gave Emails To WikiLeaks To Prevent ‘Clinton Coup’,"posted by Eddie The emails released by WikiLeaks were leaked by brave members of the US intelligence community in an effort to expose Hillary Clinton’s corruption and stop her being elected, according to State Department insider Steve Pieczenik . The Clintons have initiated a “ silent coup ” in their bid for power, Pieczenik claims, explaining that the White House, judiciary, CIA, FBI, Loretta Lynch and James Comey have all been “ co-opted ” through political cronyism. But Piecezenik, a State Department veteran who has served in seven administrations, claims there is mutiny within the intelligence community and a “ counter-coup ” is in operation. “ In order to stop this coup we in the intelligence community have informally got together and with their permission I am starting to announce that we have initiated a counter-coup through Julian Assange and WikiLeaks. “ 

Pieczenik was Deputy Assistant Secretary of State under Henry Kissinger, Cyrus Vance and James Baker, and served the administrations of Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush as deputy assistant secretary. He is a legitimate insider with connections in all departments and agencies. FBI Mutiny His claims might explain the unprecedented and mysterious actions by the FBI on Tuesday. The FBI Vault silently and unexpectedly made documents relating to the investigation into Hillary Clinton available to the public – documents that were not due to be declassified until 2041. We can finally stop blaming Russians. Pieczenik states clearly that US intelligence – brave men and women in the FBI, CIA and wider intelligence community – submitted the emails to Julian Assange and WikiLeaks in order to thwart “ the second American revolution .” This counter-coup is working against Hillary Clinton and her campaign. Their goal is a peaceful transition of power away from the corrupt Clintons. “ Something had to be done to save the republic ,” he explains. source:",0
6689,Woman working hard on winter body,"Woman working hard on winter body 08-11-16 A WOMAN who ate a doughnut in the middle of the night is making her body an appropriate shape for the season. Emma Bradford is aiming for the perfect ‘winter body’ in time for the colder weather by eating a shit-ton of fatty things and getting nice and chubby. Bradford said: “It stands to reason that if you’re meant to have slim body for the summer, then you need to have a warm layer of blubber for when it’s chilly. “It has meant changing the way I eat, but I’ve made a handy menu planner that tells me when to replace lettuce with a sausage or quinoa with two packets of Space Raiders. “My aim is to outgrow my clothes by Christmas and realise my dream of wearing a slanket to the office party.” 
Share:",0
6690,McCain: Missile Strikes ’the Beginning of a Departure from the Failed Policies of the Last 8 Years’ - Breitbart,".@SenJohnMcCain on U. S airstrikes in Syria: “The president of the United States last night showed strength. ” pic. twitter.  Friday on Fox News Channel’s “America’s Newsroom,” Sen. John McCain ( ) praised President Donald Trump for the missile strike on Syria in response to that country’s alleged use of chemical weapons.  McCain said,  “I would not expect more strikes, but I would hope that we would reinvigorate our support for the Free Syrian Army, the establishment of a   zone, and move forward. This is important, and it is an important signal, but it is the beginning of a departure from the failed policies of the last eight years, and you’re not going to repair that overnight. ” “The other point that I would like to make really quick is that the President showed me that he has trust in what I believe is the strongest national security team assembled,” he continued. “I was not sure, frankly, whether he listened to them or listened to others. I think it is very clear that he values their advice and counsel, and this action is a result of the collective wisdom of some of the wisest people I have known. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
6691,Kentucky Rep. Thomas Massie Launches Bill to Abolish Federal Education Department - Breitbart,"Rep. Thomas Massie ( ) is introducing legislation that would abolish the federal education department. [The bill, H. R. 899, is only one sentence and states: “The Department of Education Shall Terminate on December 31, 2018. ”  #HR899, my bill to abolish @usedgov, is pretty straightforward. #EndFedEd pic. twitter.   —   Thomas Massie (@RepThomasMassie) February 7, 2017,  Massie introduces the measure as Betsy DeVos is confirmed as the next secretary of the U. S. Education Department. Grassroots parent activists had urged that the federal department be dismantled. “Neither Congress nor the President, through his appointees, has the constitutional authority to dictate how and what our children must learn,” Massie said in a press release announcing the bill. Neither Congress nor the Pres, thru his appointees, has the const. auth. to dictate   our children must learn https:  .   —   Thomas Massie (@RepThomasMassie) February 7, 2017,  The congressman added: Unelected bureaucrats in Washington, D. C. should not be in charge of our children’s intellectual and moral development. States and local communities are best positioned to shape curricula that meet the needs of their students. Schools should be accountable. Parents have the right to choose the most appropriate educational opportunity for their children, including home school, public school, or private school. “For years, I have advocated returning education policy to where it belongs  —   the state and local level,” said Rep. Walter Jones ( ) an original   of the legislation. “D. C. bureaucrats cannot begin to understand the needs of schools and its students on an individual basis. It is time that we get the feds out of the classroom, and terminate the Department of Education. ” Massie’s office lists other original   of the bill, including Rep. Justin Amash ( ) Rep. Andy Biggs ( ) Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( ) Rep. Matt Gaetz ( ) Rep. Jody Hice ( ) and Rep. Raul Labrador ( ).",0
6692,London's first underground farm produces herbs,"London's first underground farm produces herbs Thu Oct 27, 2016 6:44PM News Bulletin Growing Underground’s list of produce is long and includes pea shoots, rocket, wasabi mustard, red basil and red amaranth, pink stem radish, garlic chives, fennel and coriander. 
London’s first underground farm has begun working in a big disused bunker which used to belong to the underground transport system. 
The crops produced in the subterranean farm are being used in dishes of London's famous restaurants. The products are all micro herbs which are allowed to grow to first leaf before harvesting, usually when they're about 25 days old. 
Experts say the farm is similar to a conventional greenhouse except that it is always using artificial light.Meanwhile, strict hygiene rules aim to restrict any transfer of soil or waste from above ground to the growing areas below are being implemented.",0
6693,"Re: Joe Biden unaware he’s first in line for Hillary’s old job, so don’t spoil the surprise","Joe Biden unaware he’s first in line for Hillary’s old job, so no one spoil the surprise Posted at 12:33 am on October 28, 2016 by Brett T. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter 
Even though a quick scan of social media suggests the country is so over old white men, Joe Biden, the fifth hottest vice president ever , holds a special place in the hearts of all Americans. Good news, then, for everyone who was sad to see him go: Politico reported Thursday night that Hillary Clinton was considering asking Biden to take over her old gig at the State Department. ""They are spending a lot of time figuring out the best way to try to persuade him to do it if she wins"" https://t.co/387Su8UptM 
— POLITICO (@politico) October 28, 2016 
Politico, citing an unnamed source within Camp Clinton, noted that “neither Clinton, nor her aides have yet told Biden,” so it would be appreciated if everyone could keep this under wraps until she determines the best way to approach him with the offer. BREAKING: Clinton wants Joe Biden as secretary of state: report https://t.co/FGgS5anww6 pic.twitter.com/xfZsoT5hbq 
— Washington Examiner (@dcexaminer) October 28, 2016 
It seems the reality of a Secretary of State Biden is a ways off at best, but the report provides a nice distraction from all the noise surrounding Clinton in the wake of those daily WikiLeaks dumps. Who couldn’t use a nice distraction, Hillary most of all? @politico bs. won't happen. 
— Yaqub Osman (@yaqub_osman) October 28, 2016 @politico That sounds like BS. Why would you go from VP to SOS? I think somebody's running their mouth for nothing. 
— Ari Keys (@arionkeys) October 28, 2016 @dcexaminer Total nonsense. The story is nothing more than a scheme to get voters to believe the election is already over. 
— Don Fredrick (@Colony14) October 28, 2016 Biden won't be Secretary of State. But throwing his name around will amp up enthusiasm among Hillary supporters to make sure they vote. 
— Comfortably Smug (@ComfortablySmug) October 28, 2016 @politico how much of this article did @johnpodesta and team write? #wikileaks pic.twitter.com/Qv6X1NB6GX 
— The Haberdasher (@thatjer) October 28, 2016 @politico sounds like a ""leak"" to distract 
— Kyler Hess (@KylerKHess) October 28, 2016 
But the anonymous source said they were totally considering thinking about asking Biden to consider thinking about it. @politico He would bring the whip out! pic.twitter.com/Vs9Gt0BeFr 
— Sasi Patkunan (@SPatkunan) October 28, 2016 @dcexaminer @JoeBiden will take Putin behind the gym and rough him up till he gives back our uranium that @HillaryClinton helped Putin get 
— Dustin Bissette (@bissghetti) October 28, 2016 
Beware, enemies of freedom worldwide: if Hillary’s elected, Secretary of State Biden’s gonna put y’all back in chains! @politico Uncle Joe will protect us all pic.twitter.com/qDHTfwba65 
— KGB AGENT♢DEPLORABLE (@aj_slown) October 28, 2016 @dcexaminer Can’t we get rid of this guy?",0
6694,"Inauguration Schedule Released: Two Public Events on Thursday, Trump to Speak - Breitbart","The public can attend two events on Thursday to honor   Donald Trump ahead of Inauguration Day on Friday, Jan. 20. [Thursday’s events will take place at the Lincoln Memorial, according to a press release from the Presidential Inaugural Committee.  The two public events are titled: “Voices of the People” and “Make America Great Again! Welcome Celebration. ” According to the press release, the Voices of the People event includes: “the DC Fire Department Emerald Society Pipes and Drums, King’s Academy Honor Choir, the Republican Hindu Coalition, Montgomery Area High School Marching Band, Marlana Van Hoose, Maury NJROTC Color Guard, Pride of Madawaska, Webelos Troop 177, Northern Middle School Honors Choir, American Tap Company, South Park and District Pipe Band, Everett High School Viking Marching Band, TwirlTasTix Baton Twirling, and Celtic United Pipes and Drums. ” The Make America Great Again! Welcome Celebration will happen following the Voices of the People event. Trump will deliver remarks. According to the press release, other special guests include: “Toby Keith, Jon Voight, Jennifer Holliday, The Piano Guys, Lee Greenwood, RaviDrums, 3 Doors Down, and The Frontmen of Country (featuring Tim Rushlow, former lead singer of “Little Texas” Larry Stewart of “Restless Heart” and Richie McDonald of “Lonestar”). ” “  Trump has made it clear that this inaugural is of, by, and for the American people. The 58th Inaugural will celebrate American history and heritage, while setting the course to a brighter and bolder future for all Americans,” stated the Committee’s Chairman Tom Barrack. “Above all, it will serve as tribute to one of our greatest attributes, the peaceful transition of partisan power. ” “As Abraham Lincoln said, ‘when an election is over, it is altogether fitting a free people that until the next election they should be one people,’” Barrack added. “We will be one people working together, leading together, and making America great again, together. ” On Thursday morning, Trump will also attend a   ceremony at Arlington Cemetery. The “Deploraball” will take place Thursday night, along with several other inauguration balls. Friday, Inauguration Day, will begin with Trump’s   ceremony at the U. S. Capitol beginning at 11:30 a. m. According to the Washington Post, security will open at 6:30 a. m. There will be an inaugural parade on Pennsylvania Avenue following the   ceremony. Three official inaugural balls will be held on Friday night. One will be at the National Building Museum, another at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center, and there will be an Armed Services Ball. The following morning, on Saturday, there will be a National Prayer Service at Washington National Cathedral.",0
6695,Swedish Anti-Mass Migration Party Score Record Polling Numbers,"The   migration Sweden Democrats have scored their highest ever numbers in the first polls released since the Stockholm terror attack last week which killed four people. [The Sweden Democrats are now officially the largest political party in Sweden after polling 27. 2 per cent in a survey conducted by Sentio. The result marks a new record for the   migration party who have seen a surge of support since the start of the migrant crisis, Nyheteridag reports.  Political scientist   Ljunggren said he doubted the terror attack last Friday had a significant impact on the polling, saying it was unlikely that a large change in support would happen so quickly. The biggest losers in the poll were the Centre Party who lost 2. 3 per cent, taking them below 10 per cent. The biggest rivals of the Sweden Democrats, the ruling Social Democrats, were down slightly less than a percentage point to 23. 3 per cent. Prime Minister Stefan Löfven, who heads the Social Democrats, recently said the previous open borders policy toward migrants would end after the terror attack, a policy advocated by the Sweden Democrats many months prior. The raw data from the polling shows there may be even more support for the party than the numbers show. According to Sentio, who surveyed 1, 001 people between   April, 29. 6 per cent of respondents said they would vote for the Sweden Democrats if there were an election held today. The leader of the Sweden Democrats, Jimmie Åkesson, spoke out about the attack Tuesday, commenting on the fact the attacker was a failed asylum seeker. “It is a massive scandal if it is so. We have seen how the number of internal border controls has fallen very sharply since the debate on the internal border raged a few years ago,” he said. Åkesson later wrote an opinion piece for newspaper Expressen demanding political consequences for the attack. Åkesson has been the leader of the Sweden Democrats since 2005 when he became the youngest leader in the party’s history at only 25. Mr. Åkesson has also been a fierce proponent of both Brexit and U. S. President Donald J. Trump. In an opinion piece for the Wall Street Journal, Åkesson wrote how Trump had been correct about the problems of mass migration in Sweden. “Mr Trump did not exaggerate Sweden’s current problems. If anything, he understated them,” he wrote. The Sweden Democrats have received significant pushback from Swedish media, but also international media like the BBC who wrongfully labelled them a “ ” party in November 2015. The party dismissed the allegations from the BBC telling Breitbart London: “The media is desperately trying to blame us for arsons in an effort to even further try to put the lid on the immigration debate. ”  Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart. com",0
6696,Are We on the Eve of Total Life Extinction?,"A 23 kiloton tower shot called BADGER, fired on April 18, 1953 at the Nevada Test Site, as part of the Operation Upshot-Knothole nuclear test series.",0
6697,"Dialogue with Russia important to ensure security in the Baltic: Finnish, Latvian presidents - Russia News Now","This post was originally published on this site 
HELSINKI, Nov. 1 (Xinhua)– Both Finnish President Sauli Niinisto and his Latvian counterpart on Tuesday underlined the importance of continuing dialogue with Russia , particularly amid tense security situation in the Baltic region. 
Latvian President Raimonds Vejonis paid an official visit to Finland on Tuesday. Security in the Baltic region was one of the key issues discussed during his meeting with Niinisto. 
“We are facing now in the Baltic Sea area increased tensions, and that is not good for anybody,” Niinisto said at a press conference after the meeting. 
He said NATO’s presence in the Baltics and Poland is important to ensure the security of the area. 
Vejonis said open dialogue with Russia is essential to increase transparency and predictability, as well as to avoid misunderstanding. 
In addition, Vejonis underlined the significance to strengthen cooperation with NATO and the European Union , as well as the other Baltic and Nordic countries. 
Vejonis was the third Baltic president visiting Finland within a month, following the presidents of Lithuania and Estonia. Related ",0
6699,"Путин: ""Российская угроза"" - глупость и вымысел","0 комментариев 10 поделились 
По словам президента, постоянно штампуются мифы о ""пресловутой российской военной угрозе"". 
""Действительно, это прибыльное занятие, можно новые военные бюджеты выбивать в своих собственных странах, нагибать союзников под интересы одной сверхдержавы, расширить НАТО, приблизить инфраструктуру альянса, боевые подразделения, технику к нашим границам"", — отметил российский лидер. 
Президент России назвал НАТО пережившей свой век структурой, созданной во времена холодной войны. Никакой адаптации альянса к новым условиям не происходит, несмотря на постоянные разговоры об этом, подчеркнул Путин. 
Он также отметил, что ОБСЕ постоянно пытаются превратить в инструмент обслуживания чьих-то внешнеполитических интересов, несмотря на то, что это важный механизм обеспечения европейской и трансатлантической безопасности. И в результате этот механизм работает ""вхолостую"", считает президент России. 
Путин подчеркнул, что Россия не стремиться к глобальному доминированию и экспансии. 
""Стран, которые как Россия могут опереться на тысячелетнюю историю, в мире немало, и мы научились ценить свою идентичность, свободу, независимость. При этом мы не стремимся ни к глобальному доминированию, ни к экспансии, ни к конфронтации с кем бы то ни было"", — сказал глава государства. 
Читайте также:",0
6700,"Chris Wallace, In-House Moderate at Fox News, Has Less Predictable Targets - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   It seemed like a chummy reunion between friends. Chris Wallace, the Fox News anchor, was chatting amiably in his studio here on Sunday with Paul J. Manafort, Donald J. Trump’s new campaign chief, reminiscing about Ronald Reagan as the seconds ticked down to airtime. Then the cameras switched on. Mr. Wallace’s tone sharpened as he pressed Mr. Manafort about his lobbying work for a Filipino dictator and his description of Mr. Trump as playing a “part. ” One halting answer was dismissed with a sly Wallace riposte: “Forgive me, it does seem a little bit like spin. ” By the time Mr. Manafort removed his microphone, tweets were swirling about his uneven performance. Mr. Wallace, who compares interviews to   shot a glance at his producer: success. As Fox News grapples with how to cover Mr. Trump  —   who has tested the network’s influence and battled its anchors, even as he stokes its ratings  —   Mr. Wallace has stood out as Fox’s moderate, occasionally contrarian voice, irritating Mr. Trump with tough questions and, on occasion, tweaking his opinionated colleagues, too. When Mr. Trump pledged in an interview to act more presidential, Mr. Wallace parried: “When are you going to start?” Then there was the time he ticked off Roger Ailes, Fox’s powerful chairman, after chastising the hosts of the network’s morning show, “Fox and Friends,” for their carping coverage of Senator Barack Obama in 2008. “They were very unhappy,” Mr. Wallace recalled. “I had called them out on the air. ” He added: “There’s a phrase that we all talk about, which is, ‘You do not fire inside the tent.’ That’s the ultimate transgression in Roger Ailes’s mind. ” Over eggs and tea here on Sunday, Mr. Wallace, whose “Fox News Sunday” is experiencing its highest ratings since starting 20 years ago this week, did not hesitate to take his industry and even his network to task, saying that Mr. Trump has been granted too much exposure on cable news. “If we put Donald Trump on for a rally now, and it’s going to spike our audience, it’s pretty hard if you’re a news executive to say no,” he said. “Did everybody do it too much? Yes. ” Mr. Wallace singled out CNN as a notable offender. Would he include Fox in that group? “Absolutely,” he replied. And asked if Fox’s   commentators, who often support the Republican nominee in presidential years, would rally around a Trump candidacy, Mr. Wallace laughed. “That’ll test it, won’t it?” he said. “I don’t know. It’ll be interesting to see. ” Mr. Wallace, 68, is a registered Democrat  —   in order to vote in local Washington elections, he explains  —   and he spent decades as a correspondent on NBC and ABC before joining Fox in 2003. The move to Fox prompted him to review what he calls his “unexamined assumptions” about traditional network news. “If there’s a story on   marriage, it’s like this is a celebration of a new civil right,” Mr. Wallace said. “I’m not saying I disagree with that. What I’m saying is there are two sides to the story, and I don’t think, generally speaking, the broadcast networks will portray both sides evenly. ” Wry and punchy   Mr. Wallace has long had a rebellious streak. Bill Clinton accused him in an interview of having a “little smirk on your face” Newt Gingrich goaded a crowd into mocking him at a 2011 debate President Obama’s refusal to appear on his show prompted Mr. Wallace to describe his administration as “crybabies. ” (Mr. Obama ended his drought this month, in an interview that lured millions of viewers.) In the Fox studio in Washington on Sunday, Mr. Wallace could not resist making mischief. After grilling Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the Democratic National Committee chairwoman, Mr. Wallace reassured her during a commercial break that the segment had gone fine. “It was clear you think Donald Trump sucks,” Mr. Wallace said, earning a laugh from Ms. Schultz. Last summer, Mr. Trump lashed out at Mr. Wallace for asking about his bankruptcies during the first Republican debate. “The son is only a tiny fraction of Mike, believe me,” Mr. Trump said afterward. That would be Mr. Wallace’s father, Mike Wallace, the famous correspondent whose legacy has been a complicated backdrop to his son’s career. For years, the men were not close Chris Wallace still considers his stepfather, Bill Leonard, a former president of CBS News, as “more of a father than my father was. ” Mike Wallace once stole an interview, with the comedian Chris Rock, away from his son the two did not speak for several months. Chris Wallace said there was a time when Mr. Trump’s remark might have bothered him, adding: “It doesn’t anymore. ” “At some point, I realized, I was never going to be Mike Wallace, but neither was anybody else,” he said. He and his father, who died in 2012, bonded later in life Mr. Wallace has also borrowed bits of his father’s interviewing style, prefacing tough questions with a polite “Forgive me,” and occasionally placing a deferential arm across his chest. “He’s a dignified, smart, fairly quiet guy, who came up under a legend,” Mr. Ailes said in an interview. “He’s now pretty much achieved what his old man did. ” So what does Mr. Ailes make of Mr. Wallace’s contention that news networks, including Fox, have   Mr. Trump? “Did he get too much coverage? Yes,” Mr. Ailes said, after a pause. “On the other hand, it’s not just cable news, but all news. ” “The broadcast networks are just as guilty,” Mr. Ailes added, noting that Mr. Trump, in addition to being the Republican   has been more accessible to the news media than his opponents. “When you go try to drag another candidate to talk about another serious issue that day, he’s not available,” Mr. Ailes said. Andrew Heyward, a former president of CBS News, praised Mr. Wallace for his tough interviews and for refusing to allow Mr. Trump to phone in to his Sunday show, an accommodation made by some other networks. He noted that Mr. Wallace’s journalistic reputation provided another benefit to Fox. “Part of the brilliance of Ailes is he has a few people like that he can point to, and say, ‘What do you mean we are the official spokesman of the Republican Party? That’s ridiculous,’” Mr. Heyward said. “He’s his own man,” Mr. Heyward said of Mr. Wallace. “And that works for Roger, too. ” (Mr. Ailes said in response: “It’s amusing to me to hear that one person I picked has made this all work. ’’) Over lunch, Mr. Wallace said that some of Mr. Trump’s behavior had taken politics “to new depths, and I think it’s sad. ” “I understand the need to entertain, but I think it would suit him, and serve democracy, if it was conducted on a higher plane,” he said. That hasn’t stopped Mr. Wallace from displaying a “Make America Great Again” cap, signed by Mr. Trump, among the mementos in his office. (Also on display: his father’s old Rolodex.) “It’s a great hat,” he said, urging a reporter to try it on. His brow arched, he said he likes to wear it while visiting one of his daughters, “a raving liberal,” in New York. Why? “I knew it would really tick her off. ”",0
6701,Lindsey Graham Ready to Go Nuclear for Gorsuch - Breitbart,"WASHINGTON, D. C. —  On Thursday, Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) said that if Democrats tried to filibuster Neil Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court, he would vote for the “constitutional option” to permanently end filibusters of nominees to the nation’s highest court. [For the first time in American history, in 2003 Sen. Chuck Schumer ( ) persuaded Senate Democrats to use the upper chamber’s   rule on legislation to block a final vote on judicial nominations, at that time blocking several of George W. Bush’s nominees to the federal appeals courts.  Republicans then considered the constitutional option —  also called the “nuclear option” —  to restore the    practice of always allowing votes on judges, by ruling that filibusters apply to legislation, but not to nominations. A decade ago, Graham became part of the “Gang of 14,” which negotiated allowing most of the stalled nominees to get a final confirmation vote in exchange for not abolishing the filibuster in the future. Then in 2014, it was Sen. Harry Reid ( ) who led Democrats in going nuclear over presidential nominations to the executive branch and every federal court except the Supreme Court. Republicans said the only reason Reid did not include the High Court at the time is that there were no vacancies at the time. With Schumer taking things to a new level and vowing to filibuster a Supreme Court nominee, Graham ended months of commentators’ speculation by telling Mike Gallagher’s radio show: If my Democratic colleagues choose to filibuster this guy, then they will be telling me that they don’t accept the election results —  306 Electoral [College] votes —  that they’re trying to delegitimize President Trump. And that’s not right, and we would have to change the rules to have the Supreme Court like everyone else. There are 52 Republicans in the Senate. It would therefore take eight Democrats to reach 60 to invoke cloture on Gorsuch, or for all but two of the Republicans to hang together on the procedural question to clarify that the constitutional option applies to all presidential nominations, including those to the Supreme Court. Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.",0
6702,LeBron James Opts for Summer Vacation Instead of Summer Olympics - The New York Times,"LeBron James has decided not to play for the United States at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, according to his agent, Rich Paul. “I could use the rest,” James told Cleveland. com, which first reported James’s decision. Other   athletes, including Rory McIlroy, have cited concerns about the Zika virus as a factor in their decisions not to attend the Olympics this summer. But the virus did not play a role in James’s decision, Paul said. James, 31, helped the Cleveland Cavaliers defeat the Golden State Warriors in Game 7 of the N. B. A. finals to notch their first title. He informed U. S. A. Basketball of his decision the day after joining his teammates for a celebratory parade in Cleveland. It was a sixth consecutive trip to the finals  —   which extend two months beyond the end of the regular season  —   for James, who had played in the previous three Olympics. James was named the Most Valuable Player of the finals and led all players in points (29. 7) rebounds (11. 3) assists (8. 9) blocks (2. 3) and steals (2. 6) per game. James won a gold medal with the American team at the 2012 London Olympics a month after winning his first N. B. A. title with the Miami Heat. But he is now four years older and has considerably more mileage on his legs.",0
6703,Ayaan Hirsi Ali to Congress: Political Islam ’Incompatible with the U.S. Constitution’,"WASHINGTON, DC  —   Political Islam, focused on establishing an unfree society ruled by strict sharia law, is “fundamentally incompatible” with the U. S. Constitution and the overall “foundation of the American way of life,” declared Ayaan Hirsi Ali, an expert at the Hoover Institution think tank, during a Senate panel hearing. [Meanwhile, Michael Leiter, the former director of the U. S. National Counterterrorism Center, argued that sharia law is compatible with the American Constitution.  “Muslim’s honoring of Sharia is not inherently in tangent with living in constitutional democracies anymore than it would be for Christians or Jews who also seek to honor their religious traditions while still complying with civil authority,” testified Leiter. The     Ali  —   an honor violence victim, a strong advocate against female genital mutilation (FGM) and author  —   strongly disagreed. During a hearing on Islamic ideology and terror held by the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee Wednesday, Ali testified alongside the former U. S. official who served under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama. “My central argument is that political Islam implies a constitutional order fundamentally incompatible with the US Constitution and with the ‘constitution of liberty’ that is the foundation of the American way of life,” proclaimed Ali in her written testimony. She later stressed, “Let it be said explicitly: the Islamists’ program is fundamentally incompatible with the US Constitution, religious tolerance, the equality of men and women, the tolerance of different sexual orientations, the ban on cruel and unusual punishment and other fundamental human rights. ” Ali explained that intimidation and advancing the goal of imposing Islamic law (sharia) on society are fundamental tenets of political Islam. She noted that “Islamism” is the ideology that drives political Islam and “dawa” provides the means by which it is spread, adding: The term “dawa” refers to activities carried out by Islamists to win adherents and enlist them in a campaign to impose sharia law on all societies. Dawa is not the Islamic equivalent of religious proselytizing, although it is often disguised as such by blending humanitarian activities with subversive political activities  …     The ultimate goal of dawa is to destroy the political institutions of a free society and replace them with strict sharia. Islamists rely on both violent and nonviolent means to achieve their objectives. The strategy used by the United States to combat violent Islamic extremism has “failed” because it has solely focused on acts of violence while ignoring the ideology that drives jihadists and Islamists, argued Ali. She told lawmakers, “The dominant strategy from   through the present, focusing only on Islamist violence, has failed. In focusing only on acts of violence, we have ignored the ideology that justifies, promotes, celebrates, and encourages violence, and the methods of dawa used to spread that ideology. ” In order to reverse its failure, the United States has to fight “a war of ideas against political Islam (or “Islamism”) as an ideology and against those who spread that ideology,” advised Ali. President Donald Trump advocating for an ideological campaign against “radical Islam” is “refreshing and heartening,” testified Ali, adding, “This deserves to be called a paradigm shift. ” She noted that Trump’s position marks a departure from his predecessors. Ali pointed out that Islam is on the rise across the world and jihadist groups have proliferated despite the U. S. spending at least $3. 6 trillion on combat and reconstruction costs in Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan, and Pakistan and sacrificing more than 5, 000 American service members and the tens of thousands of wounded U. S. troops. “According to one estimate, 10−15 percent of the world’s Muslims are Islamists. Out of well over 1. 6 billion, or 23 percent of the globe’s population, that implies more than 160 million individuals,” mentioned Ali. “Based on survey data on attitudes toward sharia in Muslim countries, total support for Islamist activities in the world is likely significantly higher than that estimate. ”",0
6704,Pep Guardiola: A Continental Success and English Soccer’s Measuring Stick - The New York Times,"The criticism itself will neither surprise nor sting Pep Guardiola. He made that perfectly clear months ago, on the day he was presented as Manchester City manager. “I know when it is not going well, you are not going to help us,” he told the assembled news media that day. Guardiola has spent his entire coaching career at clubs where crisis and defeat are synonyms. The pressure cookers of Barcelona and Bayern Munich soon remove any thin skin. “When we play badly, you have to say, ‘Oh, this team played badly,’” he said. Over the last 15 games, Guardiola has heard that more than he would have liked. Manchester City has won just four times since the start of October. Against Leicester City on Saturday, Guardiola’s side allowed three goals inside 20 minutes. His team is now 7 points behind Chelsea, the Premier League’s    leader. In recent weeks, Manchester City has played poorly more often than not. Guardiola has not especially enjoyed hearing it, of course. His news conferences have become awkwardly staccato, most of his answers preceded by a brief, pointed glare at his inquisitor. He would have expected nothing less, however. “I know this is business,” he said back in July. At times, however, it has not felt like business. In defeat, or even the absence of victory, Guardiola  —   more than any of his peers  —   is reproached not just for his professional decisions, his tactics and team selection, but for his personal flaws, too, as if the number of games City loses is directly proportional to the number of character failings its manager possesses. After the defeat at Leicester, for example, Peter Schmeichel, the former Manchester United goalkeeper, declared that Guardiola’s refusal to adapt his tactics to try to combat the reigning Premier League champions marked him as a “very arrogant man. ” “That is a man saying: ‘I know best. My way of playing football is the best,’” Schmeichel added. That is not the only accusation that has been leveled at Guardiola during City’s stutter over the last 10 weeks: Intransigence has been featured, as has a supposed tendency to overcomplicate matters, and a perfectionist’s restlessness. For his part, Guardiola admitted after leaving Bayern that he is “arrogant,” though not to the point that he thought he could change German soccer. All of this illustrates just how acidic, how charged, the subject of Guardiola has become. This is not just another of those quibbles and squabbles that sustain the soap opera of the Premier League over the course of a long season it runs deeper than that. There are few subjects  —   perhaps José Mourinho apart  —   more contentious, more keenly felt than the issue of whether Guardiola deserves the lofty reputation that precedes him. That is because, at root, the debate is not actually about Guardiola at all. It is about English soccer’s sense of self. Almost every week since Guardiola arrived, in those news media briefings he finds such a chore, one question has recurred. Now, he is almost waiting for it. He knows, at some point, he will be asked whether the Premier League is the strongest in the world. His answer is not always the same. In the middle of October, he chided the lazy assumption that soccer in Spain and Germany was lacking in intensity. “You have not been there, so you do not know how intense it is,” he said. A couple of weeks later, he seemed to have changed his tune. “Guys, you have to be so proud,” he said, his tone studiously flat. “The Premier League is so difficult. ” His reaction to the question is now more consistent. He smiles, fleetingly, when he hears it: It is so familiar that it has almost become comforting. He is also, it is fair to say, just a little bit amused by the fixation it is, after all, curious that a league so bombastic in its   should appear to be so desperate for validation. There is, however, a reason for it. Guardiola, in English eyes, is the epitome of Continental sophistication. He has enjoyed unparalleled, almost unbroken, success in the two domestic competitions that might be considered the Premier League’s superiors, in Spain and Germany. He is also  —   from what he wears to how he thinks  —   resolutely other. He eschews both the traditional options for Premier League managers on the sideline  —   tracksuit to convey dynamism, business suit to project authority  —   in favor, usually, of a turtleneck, skinny jeans and sneakers. On the surface, so below: Many of Guardiola’s principles border on heretical in England. He does not mind that his goalkeeper, Claudio Bravo, is not a wonderful stopper of shots or a fearsome collector of crosses, because Guardiola believes it is more important that he plays a role in starting attacks. “I’m sorry, but until my last day as a coach, I will try to play from my goalkeeper,” he said after a draw with Everton in the middle of this difficult run. Nor does he have much time for England’s obsession with the physical. “I am not a coach for the tackles, so I do not train them,” he said after the defeat at Leicester. In a league and in a country that treasures its reputation for blood and thunder, where, as Xabi Alonso once observed, a tackle can be applauded almost as loudly as a goal, such an    dismissal is unthinkable. It is that otherness that makes Guardiola’s presence in England so fascinating, of course it is also, however, what makes him the subject of such heightened emotions. In part it is because his endorsement is a considerable prize in a public relations battle if Guardiola, of all people, can be won over by the idea that England’s top division is the most demanding of all, then it would prove beyond doubt that there is substance behind the spin. But it is more than that. If Guardiola struggles  —   or if he fails outright  —   at Manchester City, then the myth of English exceptionalism is vindicated. The Premier League can continue to regard itself as a world apart. He will have failed the Rainy Night in Stoke test, the idea that greatness accrued elsewhere in Europe can only ever come with an asterisk until it has been proved when faced with the unique array of challenges on offer in England. If he succeeds, though, then all of that falls away. He has made it plain that he does not intend to compromise his beliefs for his new surroundings. “I won 21 titles in seven years: three titles per year playing in this way,” he said earlier this season. “I’m sorry, guys. I’m not going to change. ” This, in essence, is a battle of ideas. Guardiola, in many ways, represents a new way of thinking. Should he thrive, it would not just represent the triumph of his philosophy, but also the failure of so many of the tenets that are central to England’s identity. That is where the vitriol comes from that is why it has become personal. It is not about Guardiola it is about us.",0
6705,Alicia Keys and the ‘Tyranny of Makeup’ - The New York Times,"It was the Friday before Labor Day, and Alicia Keys, the    pop star, was on the “Today” show performing for the program’s summer concert series  —   she’s about to release a new album, and she wrote the theme song for “Queen of Katwe,” out next week. There was a lot to talk about. But instead, Ms. Keys spent most of her time talking about makeup (and not wearing it) with the anchors Tamron Hall, Billy Bush and Al Roker, who were doggedly wiping the pancake off their faces. “You’re all crazy,” said Ms. Keys, swabbing Ms. Hall’s cheeks. “This isn’t even what it’s about!” “It” is #nomakeup  —   a meme, a movement, a cri de coeur  —   that has been roiling social media for months. If you missed the kerfuffle, it started in May, when Ms. Keys wrote an essay for Lenny, Lena Dunham’s online magazine, about the insecurities she felt being a woman in the public eye, and the roles (and makeup) she put on over the years to armor herself. She wrote about the anxiety she endured if she left her house unadorned: “What if someone wanted a picture? What if someone posted it?” And then, when she went without makeup or styling for an album portrait, she felt liberated, and the act became a metaphor. “I hope to God it’s a revolution,” she wrote. In the months that followed, Ms. Keys was seemingly everywhere  —   always without makeup, always beautiful  —   performing at the Democratic National Convention, on “The Voice” and the MTV Video Music Awards, at the Tom Ford show during New York Fashion Week. That’s a nice story, right? Inspiring and kind of sweet? Feh. “  2016,” as The New York Post and others called it, has grown only weirder and louder, as Twitter was at first ignited with Alicia Keys supporters, and then flooded with a backlash against her. And then with the backlash to the backlash. #Nomakeup was empowering and brave. No, it was annoying, incendiary and invasive. Ms. Keys’s (mostly female) detractors howled at her disingenuousness (surely she had spent thousands on skin care?) and her deceit (surely she was wearing tinted moisturizer?) some slammed her for not looking pretty enough (though they used coarser words than those). Late last month, Swizz Beatz, Ms. Keys’s husband, took to Instagram with a video defending his wife: “This is deep,” he said, clearly incredulous. “Somebody’s sitting home mad, because somebody didn’t wear makeup on their face?” Don’t be surprised that this is news, said Letty Cottin Pogrebin, the   feminist activist and author. “It’s all so familiar,” she said. “Alicia Keys could be taking a page from the   orthodoxy of the women’s movement 40 years ago. I’d never heard of her before this brouhaha, but now I’ll follow her anywhere. What she’s doing is   . She’s not just talking about the tyranny of makeup. She’s talking about female authenticity. She’s challenging the culture’s relentless standards of feminine conformity and the beauty industry’s incessant product hype. ” (Ms. Pogrebin said that while she was reading Ms. Keys’s essay, an ad popped up for some kind of skin cream.) Why is it, wondered Linda Wells, founding editor of Allure magazine, that fashion is considered   and makeup is  ? Or something more pernicious? Ms. Wells recalled “The Beauty Myth,” Naomi Wolf’s 1991 book in which she argued that contemporary ideals of beauty, proposed in large part by a   cosmetics industry, were enslaving women and holding them in thrall to all manner of restrictive practices, from makeup to surgery to eating disorders. “I get the argument, but I don’t agree with it,” Ms. Wells said. “To me, we’re not all passive victims. Make your choice, like Alicia Keys. Decide what makes you feel confident and enjoy it. ” Furthermore, Ms. Wells said, Ms. Keys’s gesture is coming at a particular moment, when the internet is flooded with YouTube videos on how to best present yourself   …     on the internet. “It’s tutorials about contouring and highlighting, except now it’s called strobing, and there’s something else called baking, which is basically a thick coat of powder,” Ms. Wells said. “It’s a very extreme look  —   we haven’t had highlighting since the ’80s. It’s this sort of extreme grooming geared for the selfie culture, and then someone like Alicia Keys comes out and says, ‘I’m not going to do it,’ and people are losing their minds. ” Whose makeup is it anyway? In the late 1980s, Andrea Robinson, then the president of Ultima II, recalled the response of her male bosses at Revlon when she proposed an extension of her brand called the Nakeds,   makeup designed for women who didn’t want to look as if they were wearing any. As Ms. Robinson remembered: “They said: ‘Why would a woman want to wear mud on her face? Makeup is about fantasy, it’s about color.’ What they didn’t say was that it was about their fantasy, their sense of color. The idea that women would want to look like themselves, and wear makeup for themselves, was crazy to them. ” Once introduced, the Nakeds broke all sorts of sales records, she said, and sold out over and over again. Hundreds of women wrote her in gratitude, Ms. Robinson said, including Jean Harris, who wrote her from prison: “She thought we had the right idea, that women should not overpaint themselves, and use their simple beauty. ” For the record, cosmetics executives aren’t worried that #nomakeup will have women hurling their lipsticks into the Dumpster. “It’s a makeup moment,” said Jane Hertzmark Hudis, group president of the Estée Lauder Companies, adding that her industry is experiencing “explosive growth,” with “prestige” makeup sales up 13 percent last year, according to the NPD Group (sales driven in large part by concealers, as it happens). Sales of all beauty products reached $16 billion in this country in 2015. Nude colors are consistent best sellers, Ms. Hudis said. Just ask Bobbi Brown, the makeup artist turned cosmetics mogul who built a company, as Ms. Robinson did, around nude makeup, and whose corporate manifesto right now is #bewhoyouare. “It takes a lot of guts to face HDTV without makeup,” Ms. Brown said of Ms. Keys. “But I get it. It’s all fine. Choose who you want to be. Personally, I like to have a little concealer. But obviously it’s more than about makeup. I don’t think people understand how difficult it is for women like Alicia Keys to worry about the way you look every second. It is the ugly internet we live in. Let’s be nice to people, and not be so judgey. ” There is a sense you just can’t win. When Kim Novak appeared on the Academy Awards in 2014, there was much snark regarding her clearly augmented face. Laura Lippman, the crime novelist who was then 55, was appalled: Who were these internet trolls who would weigh in so viciously on an   ’s appearance? In solidarity with Ms. Novak, she posted a selfie of her face “as is” and invited others to do the same. It was a different sort of #nomakeup moment. “Damned if you do, damned if you don’t, is how I felt,” she said. The response, she said, was overwhelming: thousands of “as is” photos from all sorts of people, including one man, she said, who photographed himself on a hospital gurney the day he had a minor heart attack. It’s just complicated, said Sheila Bridges, the interior designer. Given an alopecia diagnosis years ago, she decided to shave her head rather than contend with wigs or weaves, a private act that has subjected her to constant, uninvited public commentary. Also, people have been moved to pat her head. “Historically, beauty has been our currency as women,” Ms. Bridges said, “and when you do something that is inconsistent with societal norms, people get upset. It reminds me of when Gabby Douglas won her gold medals at the London Olympics. ” It was 2012, and the    was taking home two gold medals for her performances, but much of the conversation around that historic event  —   Ms. Douglas was the first   woman to earn the Olympic   title  —   was about how her hair was pulled into a ponytail and secured with clips. “There was a tremendous backlash,” Ms. Bridges recalled, “and all these terrible tweets, and what was so disturbing for me was that the majority seemed to come from other black women. I’m like: ‘Are you kidding? She’s one of the world’s best athletes, and we’re talking about her hair? ’” Gail O’Neill, a journalist and former model, said that for some, Ms. Keys has become a Rorschach test, and the disapprobation for the singer’s personal choice comes from women who are measuring themselves against it. “When women start applying makeup as preteenagers,” she said, “by adulthood, that mindless habit can result in a mask we don’t even know we’re wearing until someone like Alicia decides to remove hers in public. ” People who do things outside the herd scare people who are in the herd, said Anne Kreamer, a journalist who stopped coloring her hair at 49, and wrote about her experience in her 2007 book, “Going Gray: What I Learned About Beauty, Sex, Work, Motherhood, Authenticity and Everything Else That Matters. ” “It was the women who were the most critical,” Ms. Kreamer recalled, as if by doing without herself, she was taking something away from them. In her book, Ms. Kreamer noted that in the 1950s, fewer than 10 percent of women dyed their hair, as compared with 40 to 75 percent in the   she also surveyed some 400 women, of which 15 percent said they’d had some sort of plastic surgery. As she wrote, darkly, “Extrapolate the trend line, double the available technologies, and imagine the choices and pressures our   may face. ” In 1983, Ms. Pogrebin wrote an article called “The Power of Beauty” for Ms. the magazine she helped found. She was galvanized to do so when a friend had a chin augmentation, and then blossomed, emotionally, as a result. What’s the proper feminist response, Ms. Pogrebin asked herself, to such an extreme renovation: to offer congratulations, or wincing disapproval? If a feature distracts people from what they feel is their true selves, how can you argue with their alteration of that feature? But then again, as Ms. Pogrebin pointed out, whose notion of attractiveness motivated the change? “We can argue about what is attractive, but not that we wish to attract,” she wrote. The solution to not making ourselves crazy, she suggested, is to propose a broader definition of beauty, one that celebrates its impact but reduces its tyranny. Meanwhile, the churn about women’s looks continues. Last week, after Hillary Clinton’s performance on NBC, Reince Priebus, chairman of the Republican National Committee, took to Twitter to chastise the former secretary of state   …     for not smiling.",0
6706,Bill Clinton on Pedophile Island — Human Slavery & Sex Trafficking in the Elite's World,"Bill Clinton on Pedophile Island — Human Slavery & Sex Trafficking in the Elite's World Journalist Benn Swann exposes pedophilia in the highest government circles. In the following video... http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/bill-clinton-on-pedophile-island-human.html Journalist Benn Swann exposes pedophilia in the highest government circles. In the following video, billionaire pedophile Jeffrey Epstein, his relationship with Bill Clinton, Alan Dershowitz, Prince Andrew and other famous names and their connection to a high-level sex scandal is exposed by Conchita and Cristina Sarnoff. The video (below) also looks at slavery and human sex trafficking in the modern world — and more. Lawyers for convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein touted his close relationship with Bill Clinton and also claimed in a 2007 letter to the Florida State Attorney’s office, that he helped start the Clinton’s family foundation. ( Source ) American Patriot reports: Jeffrey Epstein, the “billionaire pedophile” who was accused of keeping under aged girls as sex slaves on his private island, was long known to be friendly with former President Bill Clinton. The extent of that relationship, however, has never been made clear. But new records indicate the former leader of the free world was much cozier with Epstein than originally known. All aboard the ‘Lolita Express’: Flight logs reveal the many trips Bill Clinton and Alan Dershowitz took on pedophile Jeffrey Epstein’s private jet with anonymous women Flight logs for Jeffrey Epstein’s private plane dubbed the ‘Lolita Express’ were published for the first time on Thursday They show that former President Bill Clinton boarded the plane with women believed to have been involved in creating underage sex slave ring Alleged victim Virginia Roberts says she was recruited as a slave when she was 15, and that she was forced to have sex with both Prince Andrew and Harvard law profession Alan Dershowitz The latter, she says, molested her mid-flight on the private jet Both the Duke of York and Dershowitz have fiercely denied their involvement in the ring. Records obtained by Fox News show that Clinton “was a much more frequent flyer on a registered sex offender’s infamous jet than previously reported, with flight logs showing the former president taking at least 26 trips aboard the ‘Lolita Express’– even apparently ditching his Secret Service detail for at least five of the flights.” Original reports had Clinton on Epstein’s personal 727 only 11 times, however the flight logs obtained by Fox have him flying more than twice that amount. Fox News reports: “Bill Clinton… associated with a man like Jeffrey Epstein, who everyone in New York, certainly within his inner circles, knew was a pedophile,” said Conchita Sarnoff, of the Washington, D.C. based non-profit Alliance to Rescue Victims of Trafficking, and author of a book on the Epstein case called “TrafficKing.”“Why would a former president associate with a man like that?” (…) Official flight logs filed with the Federal Aviation Administration show Clinton traveled on some of the trips with as many as 10 U.S. Secret Service agents. However, on a five-leg Asia trip between May 22 and May 25, 2002, not a single Secret Service agent is listed. The U.S. Secret Service has declined to answer multiple Freedom of Information Act requests filed by FoxNews.com seeking information on these trips. Clinton would have been required to file a form to dismiss the agent detail, a former Secret Service agent told FoxNews.com. Virginia Roberts pictured with Prince Andrew, the Duke of York: Claims: Virginia Roberts says she was recruited to work as a sex slave for Epstein when she was just 15, and has named Dershowitz and Prince Andrew as two of the men she was forced to have sex with. Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
6707,Ever Wanted to Back a Start-Up? Indiegogo Opens the Door to Small Investors - The New York Times,"Armchair venture capitalists will soon have a new place to hunt for intriguing  : Indiegogo, the popular crowdfunding site for developers of creative ventures like movies, games and gadgets. Starting on Tuesday, the site will give entrepreneurs the option of offering backers an equity stake in their projects and creations. Indiegogo is the first major crowdfunding site to use a new securities rule that took effect six months ago, allowing ordinary investors to risk up to a few thousands dollars a year backing private companies. Previously, only accredited investors  —   wealthy people with an annual income of more than $200, 000 or a net worth of at least $1 million  —   were allowed to put money into such risky ventures. That created a schism: Companies like Pebble, a smartwatch maker, and Oculus, a virtual reality headset developer, raised millions on crowdfunding sites from eager early customers and used that surge to prove that buyers wanted their fledgling products. But when those companies subsequently raised money from investors, crowdfunding backers were shut out. When Facebook acquired Oculus for $2 billion, venture capitalists and rich angel investors reaped the rewards. “In a lot of ways, this levels the playing field,” said David Mandelbrot, Indiegogo’s chief executive. “This was one of the few areas of the law where citizens were treated differently based on the amount of wealth that they have. ” Securities law had long prohibited regular investors from gambling on private companies because they can be risky investments that are likely to go bad. Half of American small businesses with employees shut down within five years, and those that survive often take many years to turn a profit. Things have not been looking so hot for Pebble, for example, which recently laid off a quarter of its staff. Still, some entrepreneurs are eager to test out the new market. ArtCraft Entertainment, a video game developer in Austin, is considering an Indiegogo campaign to find investors for Crowfall, a game it plans to release next year. Crowfall already took in nearly $1. 8 million from a Kickstarter campaign last year. For that, the company offered traditional crowdfunding perks like early access to the game’s beta tests and a thank you in Crowfall’s credits. Some 33, 000 backers have kicked in money for Crowfall’s development, and ArtCraft  —   which has also raised money from traditional   investors  —   likes the idea of offering them a stake in the game’s financial outcome, said J. Todd Coleman, the company’s creative director. The company considered an offering in May, when equity crowdfunding became legal, but backed off because of concerns about whether it could draw interest, Mr. Coleman said. Selling stakes to small investors is a strictly regulated process, and all offerings must be run through portals registered with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. Indiegogo is partnering with MicroVentures, a registered portal that will handle the   investment logistics. Around 20 portals have become certified and started courting investors, but interest has been scant. Only 55 companies have run successful equity crowdfunding campaigns, raising a total of $12. 4 million, according to statistics compiled by the investment portal Wefunder. Indiegogo could shake up the field by bringing investment opportunities to a much wider audience. Some eight million people have backed projects on the site, raising more than $1 billion. “When Indiegogo called us, that flipped the equation,” Mr. Coleman said. “It changed the math from ‘this isn’t something we feel comfortable risking,’ to ‘let’s try it!’ We have some very, very passionate fans, and we think it would be cool to let them have the opportunity to invest. ” Most crowdfunding investors gamble tiny sums. About a third of the investments made on Wefunder so far are for $100, the site’s minimum, and 76 percent are for $500 or less, according to Nick Tommarello, Wefunder’s chief executive. Unlike shares in public companies, which can be easily sold if an investor wants out, stock in private ventures is largely illiquid. Investors who snap up a stake in a   they spot on Indiegogo are most likely stuck with it for many years. And the process is more complex and expensive than traditional crowdfunding. It costs nothing to start a regular campaign on Indiegogo. The site takes a 5 percent cut of the funds raised. The people who donate typically get an early version product in question, plus various trinkets or karmic rewards. But for equity campaigns, creators will need to spend about $7, 000 on compliance and regulatory costs, Indiegogo estimates, before a campaign is permitted to go live. The site will then take a cash fee of 7 percent on any funds raised, plus an additional 2 percent in stock. Investors will pay a $7 processing fee or 2 percent of their investment, whichever is higher. The   and most active site for crowdfunding projects, Kickstarter, says it is not interested in the equity market. “The purpose of creativity is not to become an investment vehicle,” said Justin Kazmark, a Kickstarter spokesman. “When creative projects escape the need to generate profit, the result is a more vibrant and diverse culture. We’re more focused on a richer culture than richer investors. ”",0
6708,"A Closer Look at Simone Manuel, Olympic Medalist, History Maker - The New York Times","When Simone Manuel touched the wall of the pool in the women’s   freestyle race Thursday at the Rio Olympics, she turned around, her eyes searching for the clock. The moment  she registered her win is now a reaction for the history books. Manuel, a    swimmer from Sugar Land, Tex. became the first   woman to win an individual event in Olympic swimming. She also set an Olympic record, along with Penny Oleksiak of Canada: They tied for the win, clocking in at 52. 70 seconds. (Manuel also helped the American women’s team win silver in the   freestyle relay.) The swimming world has known about Manuel, a   N. C. A. A. swimming champion, for years, but her status as a newly minted gold medalist rocketed her to wider popularity overnight. Here’s a closer look at a swimmer who just made history. Manuel’s supporters have high hopes that she could affect diversity in the sport, encouraging more minorities to join. She addressed the issue after her win on Thursday: “I definitely think it raises some awareness and will get them inspired,” Manuel told reporters. “I mean, the gold medal wasn’t just for me it was for people that came before me and inspired me to stay in the sport. “For people who believe that they can’t do it, I hope I’m an inspiration to others to get out there and try swimming. You might be pretty good at it. ” Miriam Lynch of Diversity in Aquatics, a nonprofit organization focused on curbing high numbers of drowning deaths among   said Manuel’s victory could help reverse what she called a cultural fear of swimming in that group. The phenomenon has been traced to slavery and to Jim Crow laws, which segregated swimming pools. The hope is to encourage more young people to become lifeguards, coaches and swimmers. “When you see that the lifeguard is from the community, you think, ‘I can be a lifeguard I can be a coach,’ ” Ms. Lynch said. “Now, with Simone, it’s, ‘I can be an Olympian.’ ” Chuck Wielgus, the executive director of USA Swimming, said in an interview on Friday that Manuel’s achievements, compounded by the success of black gold medalists like Cullen Jones, who came before her, might spur a bump in minority memberships. Michael Phelps did something similar when he first started swimming: When Phelps made the Olympic team in 2000, membership in USA Swimming was about 37 percent male today, male membership of the   organization is around 44 percent. “I think we’ll see it now with Cullen and Simone,” Mr. Wielgus said. “The benefits of it will be seen 10 years from now. ”   membership grew by 55 percent from 2004 to 2015, he said. But that still amounts to only about 1 percent of USA Swimming. Manuel comes from a family of athletes  —   her two older brothers and her father played college basketball  —   but after her victory, she spoke to reporters about the pressure of being a black athlete in a sport that has historically lacked diversity. “It is something I’ve definitely struggled with a lot,” Manuel said. “Coming into the race, I tried to take weight of the black community off my shoulders. It’s something I carry with me. I want to be an inspiration, but I would like there to be a day when it is not ‘Simone the black swimmer.’ ” The network drew sharp criticism on social media from fans who said it should have prioritized Manuel’s medal ceremony as it happened instead of broadcasting the women’s gymnastics event. The sports site Deadspin linked to a BBC video, which has since been taken down, so that people could watch Manuel’s historic moment. A few people caught the footage and posted it to Twitter. Before Manuel won a gold medal, Lia Neal, who is of Chinese and African descent, made headlines in 2012 for winning a bronze medal in the   freestyle relay at the London Games. They follow in the wake of Maritza Correia, a Puerto   swimmer of Guyanese descent who was the first black woman to join the United States Olympic team, and was on the   freestyle relay group that won silver in Athens in 2004. Both freestyle sprinters, Manuel and Neal are friends and rivals, and they’re teammates at Stanford University. Greg Meehan, the university’s lead swimming coach, told ESPN last year that Manuel’s arrival to the team took some pressure off Neal, who is a year older. “She has a huge spotlight on her, and she’s managed it well,” Meehan said of Manuel. “And it’s given Lia some freedom to do what she needs to do. ” In the fall, Stanford will add even more Olympic firepower when Katie Ledecky, the team’s most dominant female swimmer, comes aboard. The tennis powerhouse Serena Williams, who has four gold medals of her own, shared a photo on Instagram that praised Manuel and another famous Simone  —   that would be Simone Biles, who is widely regarded as the best gymnast in the world. Biles is a friend of Manuel’s and, of course, a fellow Texan.",0
6709,"Putin Asks: ""Is America Now A Banana Republic"""," Putin Asks: ""Is America Now A Banana Republic"" By Tyler Durden
 "" Zero Hedge "" - Moments ago, Russian president started speaking at the final session of the Valdai International Discussion Clubs 13th annual meeting in Sochi. More than 130 experts and political analysts from Russia and other countries are taking part in this years three-day meeting, titled The Future in Progress: Shaping the World of Tomorrow.
While Putin's speech can be seen below, he has already had a handful of pearls, most notably the following statement he just said in response to accusations that Russia could influence the US election:
""The number of mythical, dreamt-up problems include the hysteria - I can't think of another word - that has broken out in the United States about the influence of Russia on the current elections for the US president. Does anyone seriously think Russia can somehow influence the choice of the US people ?""
He ended that phrase as follows: ""What, is America a banana republic?!""
Putin mocks claim that Russia is trying to influence the US elections: ""What, is America now a banana republic? America is a great power.""
 Steve Rosenberg (@BBCSteveR) October 27, 2016
And then, to emphasize his trolling, added the following: ""correct me if I am wrong.""
He also had a handful of notable comments on the growing specter of a new cold war, starting by assuring the world that ""Russia doesn't plan to attack anyone"", and adding that ""Russian militaty threat is a myth"" although we are confident many in the Pentagon would be delighted to claim the opposite.
He said that NATO has outlived its usefullness as a structure and on the topic of the escalating proxy war in Syria, Putin had a simple comment: ""Our agreements with the US on Syria did not work out.""
Follow Putin's speech below.
President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Tarja, Heinz, Thabo, colleagues, ladies and gentlemen,
It is a great pleasure to see you again. I want to start by thanking all of the participants in the Valdai International Discussion Club, from Russia and abroad, for your constructive part in this work, and I want to thank our distinguished guests for their readiness to take part in this open discussion.
Our esteemed moderator just wished me a good departure into retirement, and I wish myself the same when the time comes. This is the right approach and the thing to do. But I am not retired yet and am for now the leader of this big country. As such, it is fitting to show restraint and avoid displays of excessive aggressiveness. I do not think that this is my style in any case.
But I do think that we should be frank with each other, particularly here in this gathering. I think we should hold candid, open discussions, otherwise our dialogue makes no sense and would be insipid and without the slightest interest.
I think that this style of discussion is extremely needed today given the great changes taking place in the world. The theme for our meeting this year, The Future in Progress: Shaping the World of Tomorrow , is very topical.
Last year, the Valdai forum participants discussed the problems with the current world order. Unfortunately, little has changed for the better over these last months. Indeed, it would be more honest to say that nothing has changed.
The tensions engendered by shifts in distribution of economic and political influence continue to grow. Mutual distrust creates a burden that narrows our possibilities for finding effective responses to the real threats and challenges facing the world today. Essentially, the entire globalisation project is in crisis today and in Europe, as we know well, we hear voices now saying that multiculturalism has failed.
I think this situation is in many respects the result of mistaken, hasty and to some extent over-confident choices made by some countries elites a quarter-of-a-century ago. Back then, in the late 1980s-early 1990s, there was a chance not just to accelerate the globalisation process but also to give it a different quality and make it more harmonious and sustainable in nature.
But some countries that saw themselves as victors in the Cold War, not just saw themselves this way but said it openly, took the course of simply reshaping the global political and economic order to fit their own interests.
To be continued.",0
6710,MSM Caught Preparing Hillary Victory Results Prior to Election,"MSM Caught Preparing Hillary Victory Results Prior to Election 11/03/2016 
In today’s video, Christopher Greene of AMTV reports the Mainstream media caught preparing Hillary Clinton election results prior to November 8. Juror explanation for Ammon Bundy verdict 11/03/2016 OREGONLIVE Juror 4 has so far provided the only public explanation of the behind-the-scenes discussions that led to t ... Doug Casey: A Civil War Could Be in the Cards After the Election 11/03/2016 LEW ROCKWELL (Source: The 2nd American Civil War by Richard Hubal, via MN Artists) Nick Giambruno: The US preside ... Putin grants Steven Seagal Russian citizenship 11/03/2016 DAILY MAIL President Vladimir Putin signed off Thursday on a decree granting Russian citizenship to American action her ... AMTV Archives",0
6711,How To Talk To Your Child About The Election Results - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"How To Talk To Your Child About The Election Results Close Vol 52 Issue 44 · Politics · Parenting · Kids · Election 2016 Here’s some advice for talking to your child about the shocking outcome of the 2016 presidential election: 
Children often understand more than we think, so start off by asking them if they have any idea what the fuck is happening. 
Put their mind at ease by confirming that the results of this election aren’t the end of the world in any strictly literal sense. 
Don’t be afraid to openly share your wine with them. 
Avoid touching on any topic that might be distressing to a young child, such as the electoral college. 
Reassure them that no matter what, the adults in their life will always feel obligated to tell them everything’s going to be all right. 
Explain that testosterone is a naturally occurring steroid hormone that makes a person more aggressive and reactive. 
Remind them that one day when they’re older, they’ll understand all of this a lot better and will get to decide for themselves whether or not they should forgive us. 
Acquaint your daughter with the word “motherfucker” to equip her for what lies ahead. 
If they have additional questions, direct them to your Twitter feed. Share This Story: WATCH VIDEO FROM THE ONION Sign up For The Onion's Newsletter 
Give your spam filter something to do. Daily Headlines ",0
6712,What We Know and Don’t Know About the Trump-Russia Dossier - The New York Times," How did American intelligence officials come to brief President Obama,   Donald J. Trump and lawmakers about supposed Russian plans to blackmail Mr. Trump? There are far more questions than answers. But here is a look at the story so far. ■ In September 2015, a Washington political research firm, Fusion GPS, paid by a wealthy Republican donor who did not like Mr. Trump, began to compile “opposition research” on him  —   standard practice in politics. ■ Last June, after evidence of Russian hacking of Democratic targets surfaced, Fusion GPS hired a retired British intelligence officer, Christopher Steele, to investigate Mr. Trump’s ties to Russia. ■ After it became clear that Mr. Trump would be the Republican nominee, Democratic clients who supported Hillary Clinton began to pay Fusion GPS for this same opposition research. ■ Mr. Steele, who had long experience in Russia and a network of connections there, compiled dozens of reports detailing what he heard from his contacts. The memos he wrote, mostly one to three pages long, are dated from June to December. ■ The memos contain unsubstantiated claims that Russian officials tried to obtain influence over Mr. Trump by preparing to blackmail him with sex tapes and bribe him with business deals. They also claim that the Trump campaign met with Russian operatives to discuss the Russians’ hacking and leaking of emails and documents from the Democratic National Committee and from Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman, John D. Podesta. ■ Fusion GPS and Mr. Steele shared the memos first with their clients, and later with the F. B. I. and multiple journalists at The New York Times and elsewhere. The memos, totaling about 35 pages, also reached a number of members of Congress. ■ Last week, when the F. B. I. C. I. A. and National Security Agency gave a classified report on the Russian hacking, leaking and efforts to influence the presidential election to Mr. Obama, Mr. Trump and congressional leaders, they attached a   summary of the unverified allegations in the memos. ■ Whether any of the claims in the memos are true. American intelligence agencies have not confirmed them, and Mr. Trump has said they are a complete fabrication. In addition, one specific allegation  —   that Mr. Trump’s lawyer Michael Cohen met with a Russian official in Prague in August or September  —   has been denied by both Mr. Cohen, who says he has never been to Prague, and the Russian, Oleg Solodukhin. ■ Who concocted the information in the memos, if it is entirely false or partly so, and with what purpose. If all the information in the dossier is false, it is a very sophisticated fabrication. ■ What exactly prompted American intelligence officials to pass on a summary of the unvetted claims to Mr. Obama, Mr. Trump and Congress. Officials have said they felt the   should be aware of the memos, which had circulated widely in Washington. But putting the summary in a report that went to multiple people in Congress and the executive branch made it very likely that it would be leaked. The F. B. I. has been investigating the claims in the memos, and Democrats are demanding a thorough inquiry into the reports that Trump representatives met with Russian officials during the campaign. But as of Jan. 20, Mr. Trump will be in charge of the bureau and the other intelligence agencies, and he may not approve such an investigation. Because the 35 pages of memos prepared as opposition research on Mr. Trump contain detailed claims that neither the intelligence agencies nor The Times has been able to verify, Times editors decided to briefly summarize the claims and not publish the document. The Times did report before the election that the F. B. I. was investigating claims about Mr. Trump’s ties to Russia  —   an article that resulted from an extensive reporting effort. The Democratic National Committee and Podesta emails were public, their authenticity was not in doubt, and they contained newsworthy information. That is a question the director, James B. Comey, may eventually have to answer. His two public statements about the bureau’s investigation of the Clinton emails broke with long F. B. I. tradition. Many reporters from multiple news organizations tried to verify the claims in the memos but were unsuccessful. CNN broke the news that a summary of the memos had been attached to the classified report by the F. B. I. C. I. A. and National Security Agency on the Russian hacking and leaking, and that it had been given to Mr. Obama, Mr. Trump and congressional leaders last week. That level of official attention prompted news organizations to decide to inform the public about the memos.",0
6713,Rod Stewart Apologizes for Video Mocking ISIS Beheading,"Sir Rod Stewart has apologized after a video appeared online this week in which the rocker seemingly performed an   mock execution on a male friend in the desert. [According to the Independent, Stewart’s wife Penny Lancaster first posted the video to her Instagram account, which showed the    “Maggie May” singer walking on a sand dune in the desert of Abu Dhabi with a group of friends.  At one point, one of Stewart’s male friends kneels down in front of the singer, as Stewart pulls his head back with his hand and appears to make a cutting motion across the man’s throat. The video was deleted from Lancaster’s account but was captured by several media outlets, including TMZ.  The rocker came under fire from some fans, social media users and even the families of ISIS victims. Relatives of David Haines and Alan Henning, two British aid workers who were murdered by the ISIS terrorist known as Jihadi John, told the UK Mirror that they found the joke to be “brainless” and “disgraceful. ” Stewart apologized in a statement, saying he had not intended to mock ISIS executions and had instead been emulating a scene from the HBO series Game of Thrones. “From   the Beatles’ Abbey Road crossing to spontaneously playing out Game of Thrones, we were simply larking about ” he said in a statement to the Independent. “Understandably, this had been misinterpreted and I send my deepest apologies to those who have been offended. ” Stewart’s apology did little to quell the criticism (and sarcastic jokes) on social media. Not sure I’m a great fan of Rod Stewart’s new album cover, tbh. pic. twitter.   —   Thomas Jones (@tomj191) March 3, 2017,  Rod Stewart, what happened, man?  —   DIRTBAG LEFTIST (@coconono) March 3, 2017,  I hope I’ve got the energy to perform mock executions with teenagers when I’m Rod Stewart’s age. I won’t probably, but nice to have options,  —   John Shafthauer (@hourlyterrier) March 3, 2017,  Excited to start my first day as Rod Stewart’s US publicist. Time to take a huge swig of coffee and see what’s in today’s news pic. twitter.   —   Patrick Monahan (@pattymo) March 3, 2017,    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
6715,Army Develops New Bullet to Pierce Body Armor of Islamic State Jihadists - Breitbart,"The U. S. Army is working on a new bullet that will supplant the current 5. 56 mm round in at least some applications. It will be able to penetrate the body armor currently worn by Islamic State jihadists. [According to Army Times, Army Chief of Staff Gen. Mark Milley testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee on Thursday and told them the Army is working on the new bullet.  Milley said, “The 5. 56 round, we recognize there is a type of body armor it does not penetrate, and adversarial states are selling that stuff on the Internet for about 250 bucks. ” He then pointed out that the Army is already onto a solution, saying, “We know we have developed a bullet that can penetrate these new plates. ” Sen. Angus King ( ) asked if the new bullet requires a new rifle. Milley said, “It might, but probably not. ” King asked if the new rifle could be an “existing,   ” model, and Milley said, “Yes, there are several options out there. ” For now, the Army is replacing the M4 with a Heckler and Koch 417 chambered in a 7. 62 mm “for squad designated marksmen. ” AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
6716,"Hungary negotiates its migration problem with the EU, not with Russia","Hungary negotiates its migration problem with the EU, not with Russia Nations such as Hungary are using the migration issue to challenge the power and competences of the EU in the name of national sovereignty. At the same time, the refugee wave has become a geopolitical dilemma between Russia and the EU Nations such as Hungary are using the migration issue to challenge the power and competences of the EU in the name of national sovereignty. At the same time, the refugee wave has become a geopolitical dilemma between Russia and the EU. 

A Syrian refugee looks at Hungarian riot police from the Serbian side of the fence built by Hungarian authorities at the border between Serbia and Hungary, in Horgos, Serbia. Photo: AP 
The referendum in Hungary on the migration issue in early October, combined with the death of a policeman at the door of a Russia-friendly far right anti-migration activist at the end of the same month, have once again highlighted the importance of the migration issue for Hungary. There are two distinct aspects of this issue – Hungary’s relationship with Brussels and with Russia – and it is clear that there is quite a disconnect between the two.
Hungarians went to the polls on Oct. 2 to give their opinion on a referendum question that each political side interpreted in its own way. The turnout remained well below the necessary 50 percent of all valid votes, although 98 percent of voters – more than three million people – said they wanted the Hungarian parliament to have a decisive say about any future quota-based redistribution of asylum-seekers inside the EU.
The referendum and its campaign had two separate goals. First, the ruling Fidesz party had to test the loyalty of their political camp, thus they tried to redefine classical political fault lines and checked on the unity of the opposition. Secondly, Prime Minister Viktor Orban used this occasion to bring forward his arguments about reshaping the competences of the European Union, especially the European Commission itself.
The referendum question has been thoroughly debated ever since it was published, as it reflects both of the above goals. The question asks: ""Do you want the European Union to be able to order the mandatory settlement of non-Hungarian citizens in Hungary without parliament’s consent?""
Of course, political and civil groups were enabled by the ambiguous wording of the question to focus on significantly different interpretations. Neither the Constitutional Court nor the National Election Committee declared the question invalid, despite the fact that it raised concerns among experts. The constitutional rules within most member states declare that no national referendum should be held on issues already regulated by international treaties.
As a way of getting around this fact, the government later claimed that the referendum did not concern the decisions of mandatory quotas already decided at the level of the European Council - it would only concern future possible decisions.
Debating the competency of the EU Clearly, the European Council is required to give the final word in any such case of quota-based distribution of resettlement or relocation among EU member states, in any case where Hungary has a way to raise its own voice or to build a blocking coalition. The Hungarian government decided to go against the quota system after the Council’s decisions of last autumn. Slovakia and Hungary went to the European Court in Luxembourg to dispute the legality of the measure.  ;
This was the final point where the Hungarian government turned the migration crisis into a sovereignty question. It had started in the official government rhetoric already after the attacks on Charlie Hebdo , but the referendum question undoubtedly raised the stakes of the debate. It is not anymore about whether migrants or refugees should be welcomed or not, the opinion of the government focuses on the competence of the European institutions  ;- whether they can, in theory, enforce population-related decisions on member states.
The Hungarian position is openly on the side that the quota system violates the sovereignty of member states and unnecessarily forces a non-solution instead of paying attention to securing the external borders of the Schengen area. This has been the argument already since last summer, when hundreds of thousands of refugees crossed the country and the Balkan route towards Germany.
First, the borders must be secured, because if member states start the redistribution mechanism, the political pressure for a sustainable solution at the border protection level would dissipate and Hungary would be left with an ever-growing influx of uncontrolled immigration.
The EU-Turkey deal seriously decreased the number of asylum-seekers arriving in the Balkans, though the Mediterranean route remains open and Italy is under growing pressure again. Hungarians have not seen masses of migrants since last September when the government sealed the southern Hungarian borders with a razor-wire fence. Despite this measure, the government continued to communicate a permanent threat of uncontrolled migrants throughout the campaign.
Recommended: "" Why migration represents a new existential threat for Europe "" The momentum of vox populi in the EU member states While Pew Research and other polls do not put the Hungarian electorate among the friendliest towards foreigners from other cultures, it is still a member of the community of European values. Hungarians came up with a very positive response through civil society last summer during the crisis at the Eastern Train Station in Budapest, where medical and social services as well as food was provided by NGOs, volunteers and churches to the tens of thousands stranded asylum-seekers. Not one single organized attack was carried out against the people on the road, while in Germany, safe homes and groups have been attacked in the hundreds.
Hungarians are, of course, not resistant to strong government messages that resonate, but the invalid referendum gave proof that the will of the government is not enough in itself to completely reshape the perception of the electorate. While xenophobia has risen to a new high in the population, it is still not the general attitude of the average voter. Hungarians live in their own reality, facing economic hurdles and challenges, caring about how to make a living in a country where the average salary is about half of the minimum wage in France.
The government campaign focused largely on classic media platforms: billboards, public and pro-government television and radio channels, leaflets in the mailbox. It was significantly weaker on social media, where youngsters remain a relatively disaffected group.
The number of invalid votes – those who put their paper in the ballot box but did not pick any of the choices – together with the more than 50,000 voters who actually decided to take home the ballot instead of casting it at all, hit a record. Altogether, well over 250,000 voters sent the message that they did not want to reply to such a question.
The referendum must be dealt with at the European level The Hungarian referendum enters into the long-running history of the Budapest-Brussel battle that the second Orbán-government (2010-2014) started right around the country’s European Council presidency in 2011. The referendum’s signature motto was “Let’s Tell Brussels” what Hungarians want, implying that EU bureaucrats (technocrats) are not representing the interests of nation states.
This argumentation to adopt Brussels as a scapegoat is not unknown in other capitals of Europe either. Actually, the truly diverse community of the 27 member states have their national sensitivities elsewhere. For Central Europeans, demography and population policy (i.e. migration) is a pivotal question, especially for their nation-state minded governments.
For Ireland, their sovereignty over Irish tax policy is a cornerstone issue, in which they do not wish to have the support of the EU institutions against Apple. The German constitutional court in Karlsruhe has declared itself against EU legislation in some instances over the last few decades.
So the legal battleground among member states and EU institutions is an old one, which is an organic part of the history of European integration. Popular referenda are another thing entirely. Greece tried to acquire some weight by its last vote on credit conditions, with only limited results. Referenda on the European Constitution in France and the Netherlands were also serious failures.
Also read: "" Is Europe coming apart at the seams? "" Quickly shifting geopolitical background This migration topic has been turned into the most successful glue among the Visegrad states. Anti-migrant messages have been strong in Slovakia, bringing a sharp election victory and a colorful coalition for Robert Fico and in the Czech Republic, especially by the pro-Russian president, Milos Zeman. Finally, the new right-wing government of Poland also claimed sovereignty over migration, though often in a less harsh voice, as a rule of law procedure has been opened in Brussels investigating the situation in post-election Warsaw.
This coalition seems to be broken up by the Slovakian presidency of the Council, where Bratislava had to take the position of honest broker. Prague also approached Berlin on several questions and the government took a step back on this question.
After the EU summit in Bratislava in September, the European context for quota-based solutions shifted anyway. Powerful member states also put the accent on the protection of external borders and the cooperation on the front against terrorism. Besides Jean-Claude Juncker, president of the European Commission, it seems that others have taken the redistribution issue off the political agenda, or at least it is not the cornerstone of current council sessions.
Russian factor The shift in the European political discourse about migration is an important one: It is less and less framed as a social issue and has been turned into a security question. As soon as it is considered to touch upon the national security of EU member states, the Russian involvement in Syria and other active measures influencing the movement of asylum-seekers might become more critical for European military and other law enforcement actors. This could drive to new tensions if the sides are not taking into account the new context of communication.
In late October, a Hungarian special law enforcement agency knocked on the door of a well-known far-right figure, István Győrkös. In the ensuing exchange of gunfire, he killed a policeman. This brought forth his organization, the Hungarian National Front (MNA), which set up the Hidfő webpage, which eventually turned into a notorious pro-Russian news portal. Investigative reports in the Hungarian media started to describe the MNA as a rather old platform for Russian influence over the Hungarian far-right and neo-Nazi scene.
Ever since the migration crisis hit Europe, a network of relatively new, otherwise often pro-Russian news pages started to exploit the anti-migrant or xenophobic feelings of Hungarians and other populations of EU member states. The migration crisis turned into one of the most visible gap between new and old member states: certainly, it is not a fruitful debate but a bitter division.
Many European observers consider the destabilization of the European alliance and the Euro-Atlantic alliance to be a strategic Russian interest. Migration and the amplification of this issue within society by the media, together with the presence of Russian support for several European far-right movements, create a dangerous mix for the EU. In this game, Hungary must play along with its EU and NATO partners, rather than with Russia. It has much more to lose outside of the Western frameworks.
In the long term, the Kremlin will also face the dilemmas of migration policy. The Russian government adopted a comprehensive new policy on migration in 2012, though the country is a target destination overwhelmingly among the citizens of the former Soviet states. An ageing population, a growing work force gap and extremely long land borders suggest that difficult years could be ahead for the Kremlin as well.
Hence in the long term, the EU and Russia will not necessarily be conflicting on migration regulation. Nevertheless, currently the attempt to win the support of Turkey is apparent. Both the EU and Russia want Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to support their own respective interests in handling the crisis in Syria and in the Middle East.
As long as the Syrian conundrum is not resolved together with Washington and other regional actors, conflicting interests are encoded in the EU-Russia relationship regarding migration.  ;The German secret service BND also reported about alleged active measures of Russia around the Greek-Macedonian border to further escalate the situation. [The BND is Germany’s Federal Intelligence Service, the Bundesnachrichtendienst – Editor’s note]
This shows that Moscow is not truly seeking cooperation with Europe on the migration crisis, but so far tries to exploit it for its other strategic interests and to create another bargaining chip for future negotiations.
The opinion of the author may not necessarily reflect the position of Russia Direct or its staff. ",0
6717,Republican Hindu Coalition Founder: Steve Bannon ’An Absolutely Great Guy’,"The founder of the Republican Hindu Coalition, Shalabh Kumar, spoke with me on Sunday evening’s Breitbart News radio show on Sirius XM Patriot 125 about his new book Ab Ki Baar Trump Sarkar! in which details how he, alongside various Trump campaign operatives, helped flip “one million plus” Democratic votes in favour of President Trump in 2016. [Kumar, a wealthy and successful   businessman based in Chicago, took the opportunity to dispel media and   myths about former Breitbart News Executive Chairman and now Chief White House Strategist Stephen K. Bannon.  Speaking to Breitbart News, he said: “[He is a] totally different creature [to his portrayal in the media],” said Kumar. “When I first met him, this narrative was there. And the first time I met him at the end of July last year, he welcomed me, he showed me his great innovative mind, he recognised the potential of the   vote, and he was participant every which way. “He was so nice, he was just unbelievably nice  …     [he’s] just an absolutely great guy,” added Kumar. The book, written by political operative James Kahrs details Mr. Kumar’s journey from setting up the Republican Hindu Coalition, having himself become convinced of the party and its conservative values through personal conversations with President Ronald Reagan. Mr. Kumar says he threw his weight behind Mr. Trump after meeting him on several occasions during the Presidential campaign, hosting dozens of town hall events, putting himself forth as a Trump surrogate on television channels around the world, and indeed producing a video aimed at Hindu Americans which he says had 1. 2 billion impressions around the world, including amongst the 4. 2 million Hindu Americans living in the United States. “In the past, they’ve only voted 16 per cent for Republicans  …     84 per cent have voted for Democrats  …     They should all be voting  …     90 per cent should be voting for Republican conservatives, but they needed to be touched”. In the book, Kahrs writes: People who know Bannon know that he is a gregarious and courtly man, despite all the scary stories written about him or even his portrayal on NBC’s Saturday Night Live as the grim reaper. True to himself, Bannon was the first to greet Kumar when he arrived. “He is not the   racist animal that is depicted in the media at all,” Kumar thought to himself. “In fact, he was so kind and hospitable. He took me around to the offices and introduced me to the members of the staff. He really made me feel like I was a welcome member of the team. ” The book recalls stories of how Kumar met with candidate Donald Trump, even at one point getting the now President to utter the Hindi words “Ab Ki Baar Trump Sarkar!” for a campaign video. LISTEN: ",0
6718,CALL HIM MR. 306: Michigan Finishes It’s Vote Counting And Certifies Donald Trump As The Winner,"  CALL HIM MR. 306: Michigan Finishes It’s Vote Counting And Certifies Donald Trump As The Winner Across the nation, Donald Trump won 306 electoral votes -- including Michigan's 16 -- to 232 for Clinton. Trump is the first Republican presidential candidate since 1988 to win Michigan.   24, 2016 In the closest race for president in Michigan’s history, Republican Donald Trump hangs on to a 10,704 vote win over Democrat Hillary Clinton. 
The Michigan Secretary of State posted results Wednesday that were submitted by the state’s 83 county clerks on Tuesday after the votes were reviewed and certified by each county. 
Before that compiled count , Trump held a 13,107 lead over Clinton. But after each county certified its results, the lead shrunk to 10,704, with the biggest chunk coming from Wayne County, which showed that Clinton had gotten 565 more votes than originally tallied by the county. Donald Trump FINAL CAMPAIGN Rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan: 
The state’s Board of Canvassers will officially certify the results on Nov. 28. The electoral college in all the states, including Michigan’s 16 electors, will cast their votes on Dec. 19. Electoral College and the National Archives: 
“Many people have asked about Michigan’s process for counting ballots and certifying election results. Please be aware that all 1,521 Michigan cities and townships completed ballot counting and reported unofficial results by the morning of Wednesday, Nov. 9,” according to a statement on the Secretary of State’s website. “The county canvassing boards, as they do after every election, then began their work to review and certify the results from each precinct.” 
Across the nation , Donald Trump won 306 electoral votes — including Michigan’s 16 — to 232 for Clinton. In the popular vote, Clinton holds a lead of more than 2 million votes. 
Trump is the first Republican presidential candidate since 1988 to win Michigan. The vote totals that will be submitted to the state Canvassers Board on Nov. 28 are: Donald J. Trump, Republican: 2,279,543 Hillary Clinton, Democratic: 2,268,839",0
6719,"Saudi ambassador to the UAE: Any contact with Iran, Iraq, Syria, and Lebanon should be checked","Email 

According to a report by an Emirati media website, Emarat Al-Youm, Saudi ambassador to the UAE said in a press interview that any contact with Iran, Iraq, Syria, and Lebanon and even making telephone conversations with these countries’ officials by the members of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) states, should first be checked carefully and approved by the General-Secretariat of the organization in Riyadh.",0
6720,"Newsweek Declares Clinton President Days Before Election, Says It Was A ‘Business Decision’","As early as last Saturday, a Newsweek special edition depicting Hillary Clinton as the new President of the United States began circulating to media outlets and bookstores. The questionable cover was... ",0
6721,Jerry Jones Violates Law by Treating Police Officers to Cowboys Game - Breitbart,"The owner of the Dallas Cowboys Jerry Jones will receive an ethical violation warning for providing game tickets, airfare, and hotel reservations to over 100 police officers. [Jones argued in front of a North Little Rock, Arkansas, city council commission that his gift, valued at approximately $300, 000, was a tribute to his home town’s police officers. Jones said that the gifts were not payment for ordinary work performed by police, but to “send a positive message of the work police do outside of their normal jobs,” reported ArkansasMatters. com.  Arkansas state law does not allow public servants to receive gifts of over $100. Internet blogger Russ Racop exposed the first time violation and has come under fire for his criticism of the goodwill extended to the men and women in blue. As it turns out, Racop has been outed with having his own set of issues with the court system, reported the Arkansas Times. Former Attorney General Dustin McDaniel is offering free legal services to any of the officers who received the gift. However, according to the Times, Little Rock has no intention of treating the gifts as taxable income.  Fortunately for Jones, a first violation of the law is considered a minor offense, subject only to a warning.  Next time Jerry can just send his money to Black Lives Matters, where he will avoid admonition and probably relieve a hardy round of applause. ",0
6722,University of Wisconsin Saudi Muslim student beaten to death,"Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. PLEASE DONATE TO KEEP BARE NAKED ISLAM UP AND RUNNING. Choose DONATE for one-time donation or SUBSCRIBE for monthly donations Payment Options GET ALL NEW BNI POSTS/LINKS ON TWITTER Subscribe to Blog via Email 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address",0
6723,Breaking: Emergency Call to Action at Standing Rock as Police Violently Attack Prayer Ceremony,"Home / Badge Abuse / Breaking: Emergency Call to Action at Standing Rock as Police Violently Attack Prayer Ceremony Breaking: Emergency Call to Action at Standing Rock as Police Violently Attack Prayer Ceremony Jay Syrmopoulos November 2, 2016 11 Comments 
Cannon Ball, ND – Law enforcement responded violently to water protectors attempting build a wooden footbridge across a creek linking the main Native encampment and the Dakota Access Pipeline construction area for a prayer ceremony. The police responded with a vicious assault on the peaceful water protectors. Breaking: hundreds of #NoDAPL water protectors attempting to cross foot bridges built over Cannonball river to reach DAPL construction area 
The Guardian reports : 
The US army corps of engineers has ordered North Dakota police to arrest Native American protesters and destroy a bridge that activists built over a creek at the center of the increasingly tense Dakota Access pipeline demonstrations. 
The Morton County sheriff’s office announced on Wednesday that police were in a “standoff with protesters on the banks of the Cantapeta Creek” while activists said they were engaged in a peaceful water ceremony. 
The situation raised concerns that there could be more mass arrests and violent clashes with police. 
The tense situation erupted into state sponsored violence as law enforcement began spraying water protectors attempting to cross the creek with pepper spray, with reports of a water protector being shot in the back by a non-lethal round. 
The situation on the ground is tense and many there feel that this conflict is coming to a head with these latest police actions. 
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has given the county orders to remove the makeshift bridge and arrest any protesters who cross the Cantapeta Creek for criminal trespass, according to Morton County spokeswoman Donnell Preskey. 
“Protesters involved in this activity are violating numerous federal and state laws,” Pesky said. 
According to a report by Forum News Service : 
The Corps owns a sliver of land on the north side of the creek, Preskey said. Citing free speech rights, the Corps has been allowing hundreds and sometimes thousands of Native Americans and other pipeline protesters to camp on Corps land south of the creek along the nearby Cannonball River since Aug. 10 Variety of officers have been regularly spraying water protectors with pepper spray; more await in boats nearby. pic.twitter.com/y5ep8PczqK 
— Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) November 2, 2016 
The water protectors were attempting to build a bridge to gain access to a pipeline construction area near Cannonball Ranch. Access to that area was cut off last week, after the militarized police crackdown on the “Treaty Camp” that saw more than 140 water arrested. Barrier of logs and rope has been constructed, placed the water by #NoDAPL water protectors. More officers arriving, lining up on the shore. pic.twitter.com/LY4TbioL6z 
— Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) November 2, 2016 
We will keep you updated to this intense breaking situation. Please share this story to get the word out about what is happening on the ground at Standing Rock! Share Google + AlPennG 
TIME WE THE PEOPLE TAKE UP ARMS AND START SHOOTING BACK!! TIME THESE CRIMINAL COPS BE TREATED LIKE WHAT THEY ARE TERRORISTS PERIOD!!!! SORRY BUT THAT SEEMS TO BE THE ONLY THING OUR GOVERNMENT UNDERSTANDS https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/8f2d1d284997f291ece8ef19beb5ed9363cbd1115c9edc352271f40a95ccc3aa.jpg Ian Purcell 
Government is treason against the Great Spirit of GOD. Razedbywolvs 
The Government does regulate the corporations. This is what you wanted. Phil Freeman 
Power is never conceded willingly. john smith 
the last time i heard the drums like that they were used a psychological warfare in ukraine to get people to fight while snipers shot both sides… Phil Freeman",0
6724,SHAMEFUL: Weather Channel Using Children In New Video To Promote Climate Change Hoax,"NTEB Ads Privacy Policy SHAMEFUL: Weather Channel Using Children In New Video To Promote Climate Change Hoax The Weather Channel released a climate change video featuring young children attempting to convince their parents of the seriousness of the issue. The video, entitled ‘When Kids are Talking Climate – Maybe it’s Time to Listen!’ was released on November 1, 2016. by Geoffrey Grider November 3, 2016 There are lots of people who don’t agree with man-made climate change. Weather Channel founder John Coleman is one of those people. 
“Gird up now thy loins like a man; for I will demand of thee, and answer thou me. Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? declare, if thou hast understanding.” Job 38:3,4 (KJV) 
Listen to what he thinks of his former channel’s use of indoctrinating children to promote Climate Change propaganda: 
“Right or wrong, using children to promote a point of view borders on immoral. Even knowing that climate change is not happening, it is far beneath my values to use children to promote this truth,” Coleman told Climate Depot. “I know without a doubt that there is no significant threat to the future climate of Earth from the industrialized civilization we have created and the drastic climate changes predicted by the Al Gore clan and the UN’s IPCC are not occurring and are based on an invalid theory. But I will not stoop to the use children to promote my position.” Weather Channel using children to promote Climate Change hoax: 
The Weather Channel released a climate change video featuring young children attempting to convince their parents of the seriousness of the issue. The video, entitled ‘When Kids are Talking Climate – Maybe it’s Time to Listen!’ was released on November 1, 2016. 
Kids : ‘Dear Mom and Dad: ‘The science is clear’",0
6725,"Love, Interrupted: A Travel Ban Separates Couples - The New York Times","AURORA, Colo.  —   It took 11 days of calling lawyers, beseeching immigration officials and trying to book   plane tickets, but on Tuesday, Osman Nasreldin got the love of his life back. His fiancée, Sahar Fadul, had been detained late last month after arriving at Dulles International Airport from her parents’ home in Sudan and put on a plane back to Africa, the visa it had taken a year for her to acquire stamped “CANCELLED” in purple ink. They were reunited on a mild afternoon in Colorado, joining a flood of other travelers taking advantage of the temporary suspension of President Trump’s immigration order restricting the entry of refugees and arrivals from seven largely Muslim countries in the Middle East and Africa. Other couples across the world were still in limbo. “What does it mean if you live in heaven and don’t have the person you love?” asked Mr. Nasreldin, a   dental hygienist in Aurora. For couples of different nationalities trying to navigate America’s immigration system, the president’s executive order and the legal upheaval it created have thrown relationships and marriages into turmoil. Americans with Syrian and Sudanese partners outside the United States are staying up past midnight to buy   plane tickets and plan harried reunions while enforcement of the order is still suspended. Legal challenges aside, couples of mixed Iranian and American backgrounds are rethinking their plans to build lives together in a country where one partner no longer feels welcome. Engagement parties abroad have been scrapped, a wedding dress returned. Mr. Nasreldin and Ms. Fadul were among those racing to reunite, hoping to bind themselves together no matter the outcome of federal court cases challenging the legality of Mr. Trump’s temporary ban. Many of the couples touched by the executive order are accustomed to living apart. They had met online, on business trips or on return visits to countries that one or both had left years ago. What changed, they said, was their certainty they would make it through the immigrant vetting process and one day live together in the United States. “It’s all up in the air,” said Guy R. Croteau, a psychotherapist in Boston who met his fiancé, an Iranian, through Facebook and became engaged after a few whirlwind visits in Istanbul and Malaysia. His fiancé  —   Mr. Croteau publicly refers to him as “M” because he is concerned about M’s safety as a gay man living in Iran  —   received a   fiancé visa that is valid until July, one of 30, 000 to 40, 000 such visas granted each year. But the couple are unsure whether the visa will still be valid after the administration’s   immigration hold passes. They are waiting it out apart. “We don’t know,” Mr. Croteau said. “Will there be additional vetting? We don’t know. ” In the meantime, couples are trying to bridge the divide digitally. Olivia Cross chats by video with her husband, Yahya Abedi, an Iranian, as she walks between classes at the University of Michigan. Mr. Abedi has taped photos of the couple’s wedding to the wall of his apartment in Bandar Abbas so Ms. Cross, an American citizen, can see them when she calls. After meeting online, they married last February in Tbilisi, Georgia, and had been threading their way through the visa process when Mr. Trump signed the order. Iran retaliated, saying it would bar American citizens from traveling there. And there went the couple’s plans for a reunion in Iran this May. “I just feel like whatever I do, however I try to pivot, it’s all blocked,” Ms. Cross said. “We just want to be able to live our life together. ” When Michelle Brady chats by video with her husband, a   aid worker recovering in Poland after heart surgery, their    son, Jad, recognizes his father’s pixelated face on the screen. When they disconnect, Jad tries to find his father in the computer. “He’s crying and upset that his dad is not there,” said Ms. Brady, who is now unsure when her husband can join them at their home in the Washington area. Even those who aren’t separated say the order has scrambled their plans for weddings and engagements. Relatives from Iran or Syria aren’t sure whether they will be able to attend summer weddings in the United States. Couples with immigrant parents say they are hesitant about traveling to their familial homelands to celebrate. Dr. Arash Afshinnik, who leads a neurointensive care unit in Fresno, was married three weeks ago in California and planned to fly to Iran with his wife, Sandra Shahinpour, for a second ceremony with her family. He has been in the United States since he was 3 months old, but she spent part of her 20s in Iran and is close to friends and cousins who had wanted to celebrate. “We’ve scrapped the plans,” Dr. Afshinnik, 40, said. His wife returned the dress she had bought for the ceremony. “While everything’s getting sorted out, what hasn’t changed is the uncertainty. Why even dip your toe in the pool? It just seems too hot. ” For much of their   courtship, Jehan Mouhsen and Khaled Almilaji lived apart. She studied medicine in Montenegro. Dr. Almilaji, 35, a Syrian physician well known among   workers, was in Turkey, saving lives, he said, by supporting doctors in the Syrian conflict zone. He is a romantic who sent Dr. Mouhsen, 26, “buckets of roses” and surprised her with visits to Montenegro. They married in July, and in August they settled in Rhode Island, where Dr. Almilaji had received a scholarship for a master’s degree in public health at Brown University, studying on a student visa. He was excited to be sharpening skills to help rebuild his country. She was excited because it seemed their days apart were over. Now Dr. Almilaji is stranded in Gaziantep, Turkey, near the Syrian border, after what was supposed to be a   visit to take care of personal and professional affairs. His original return visa was not honored. He went to the American Consulate in Istanbul on Jan. 20 to get a new visa to return, and has not heard back. Dr. Mouhsen fled the loneliness of their apartment in Providence to stay with friends in New York City, where she is studying for her medical board exams and wrestling with morning sickness. She is pregnant. “He tells me to eat fruits and vegetables, take care of me and the baby,” she said. Although Dr. Mouhsen has Montenegrin roots, they both grew up in Aleppo, Syria, and plan to return someday. In 2013, Dr. Almilaji’s early detection system found that polio was making a comeback in   Syria, and he coordinated a campaign the next year that vaccinated more than a million Syrian children. Though his work was supported by powerful organizations like the United States Agency for International Development, Unicef, the World Health Organization and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, there is little they can do to help him now. Early in the civil war, Dr. Almilaji was arrested, tortured and jailed for six months by the regime. But he says he feels even more powerless now that his wife is suffering from an abrupt separation caused by the action of the United States government. “I’ve been arrested, and I’ve been tortured and everything,” he said in a phone conversation from Turkey. “But my wife, she doesn’t have to suffer this. ”",0
6726,Mission accomplished? RT crew finds refugees still at ‘Jungle’ camp despite ‘successful’ eviction,"RT October 27, 2016 
Local authorities in Calais claim that the ‘Jungle’ refugee camp has been successfully evacuated, but according to an RT crew at the site, a number of refugees and migrants apparently remain at the half-demolished camp. 
Unlike the previous days and nights, the demolition of the site on Wednesday for the most part passed off peacefully. 
“This is the end of the ‘Jungle,'” Calais regional prefect Fabienne Buccio reported. “Mission accomplished.” 
The statement may be as premature as the one made in the same words by then US President George W Bush after the Iraq invasion in 2003. RT’s crew on the ground reports that dozens of people remain at the camp. 
“Soon after that statement was made we went inside and saw that there was either a massive blunder in terms of their public relations line or a lie. The camp was far from being evacuated and closed,” RT’s Harry Fear reported from the scene. 
On Thursday, Buccio warned that refugees arriving at the ‘Jungle’ camp in the future would not be offered resettlement, unlike those evacuated in recent days. 
“It is not Calais’ role to receive all the migrants of Europe. We do not want to create a vacuum. We have asked [those newly arrived] migrants to disperse,” she said. 
Earlier in the day, about 100 migrants were seen filing past police officers overseeing the camp demolition, Reuters reports.   6:43  ",0
6727,"Don Kates, the Igniter of the Second Amendment Movement, Passes","Email 
One week ago today, Don Kates (shown), a scholar with the Independent Institute in Oakland, California, passed away at the age of 75. He leaves a remarkable legacy of influence in the long war on guns, single-handedly igniting the renaissance of today’s pro-gun movement with his scholarly work. 
During the iron age of gun control — the decade prior to the passage of the Brady Bill in 1994 during the Clinton administration — Kates’ voice was the only one heard that supported an individual’s right to keep and bear arms. So carefully crafted was his work that his article “Handgun and the Original Meaning of the Second Amendment” was published in 1983 by the Michigan Law Review . 
At the time, claims that the Second Amendment protected an individual right to keep and bear arms were considered heresy. But the ripple effect kicked in when Sanford Levinson, the Garwood chair in law at the University of Texas Law School, read it, studied it (along with its sources), and followed it with his own work, “The Embarrassing Second Amendment,” which was published shortly thereafter by the Y ale Law Journal . As C.D. Michel, a Second Amendment lawyer and author of the CalGunLaws.com blog, put it: [Levinson’s article] echoed Kates’ conclusions concerning the individual rights theory of the Second Amendment, but by appearing in one of the [nation’s] top law journals, it attracted the attention of everyone, and launched an avalanche of academic digging into the origins of the Second Amendment…. All the scholarship that Kates indirectly ignited eventually fueled legal briefs filed before the Supreme Court in District of Columbia v. Heller , the 2008 case that reaffirmed [the individual citizen’s] right to arms. 
A prolific writer, Kates predated works by researchers such as John Lott whose first book, More Guns, Less Crime , appeared in 2000 based on work he did in 1997. For instance, Kates’ Restricting Handguns: The Liberal Skeptics Speak Out first appeared in 1979, followed by his Firearms and Violence: Issues of Public Policy , which was published in 1984. 
His recent works include Would Banning Firearms Reduce Murder and Suicide? A Review of International Evidence , published by the Social Science Resource Network in May 2006 and then republished a year later by the Harvard Journal of Law and Public Policy . 
His Heller, McDonald and Murder: Testing the More Guns, More Murder Thesis was first published by the Social Science Resource Network in April 2010 but then picked up and republished by Fordham University two years later. One of his last works before his death was Murder, Self-Defense, and the Right to Arms , which was published by the Connecticut Law Review in 2013. 
The eulogy written by C.D. Michel, a close friend and associate of Kates, expressed Kates’ impact on the long war against guns: The gun control movement lost their constitutional argument largely due to Kates’ initial work which, like many moments in history, started with one man telling the truth. 
An Ivy League graduate and former investment advisor, Bob is a regular contributor to The New American magazine and blogs frequently at LightFromTheRight.com, primarily on economics and politics. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. . 
Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
6728,WATCH: Green Party candidate ‘dragged off’ debate stage,"— Dave Kinchen on FOX (@DKinchenFOX29) October 27, 2016 
Holding your ground on a debate stage can be difficult, but it’s even tougher if you weren’t invited to participate in the first place: Debate crasher! Green Party candidate dragged off stage of debate she wasn't invited to pic.twitter.com/d93eVYQhZu 
Better luck next time : 
Margaret Flowers, a physician who has sought recognition from debate organizers for months, stood briefly between Democratic nominee Chris Van Hollen and Republican Kathy Szeliga in a University of Baltimore auditorium as her supporters applauded.",0
6730,"Pentagon Say $6.5 Trillion Dollars Is Missing, Sparking Fears Of ‘New 9/11’","The Pentagon cannot account for $6.5 trillion dollars according to a new Department of Defense Inspector General’s report– raising alarm bells not just because of the obvious lack of accountability and oversight, but because the last time the Pentagon ‘lost’ an enormous sum of money, 9/11 happened. 
Via UsualRoutine 

Donald Rumsfeld was due to testify about a missing $2.3 trillion before Congress on September 13 2001, however the case was put on hold after the events of September 11.
Scroll Down For Video Below The paper trail was destroyed when one side of the Pentagon was blown up, and the $2.3 trillion dollar case was brushed under the rubble. The new case of the missing trillions, and the combustible political climate in the U.S. in 2016, has left many commentators fearing that “something big is about to happen again.”
Everyone knows by now that the US military has the largest budget on the planet. It’s so large in fact, that it could pay for China’s military budget 3 times over. Which has to make you wonder, where does all of that money go? You may think that question has an obvious answer, since we are aware of most of the military’s weapon systems, personnel numbers, and equipment.
In reality, we don’t know. And when I say we, I mean even our own government doesn’t really know. In response to Congressional demands that the Pentagon provide a comprehensive audit of their finances for the first time, a Department of Defense Inspector General’s report was published last week. It revealed that the Pentagon could not provide documentation pertaining to $6.5 trillion in transactions.
On top of that, the report showed that the Pentagon “did not document or support why the Defense Departmental Reporting System . . . removed at least 16,513 of 1.3 million records during Q3 FY 2015. As a result, the data used to prepare the FY 2015 AGF third quarter and year-end financial statements were unreliable and lacked an adequate audit trail.” Sounds like the Pentagon is deliberately hiding some of their expenses, doesn’t it?
Which wouldn’t come as a surprise, since the Pentagon has been ignoring a federal law passed 20 years ago, which mandates regular audits for all government agencies. In that time, they’ve never once provided a good explanation for where their our money is spent. Is this money being burned up in fraud and waste, or are they spending it on clandestine activities that would outrage the American people? Since they never get in trouble for ignoring our auditing laws, we’ll probably never know.
",0
6731,Provost Resigns Amid Sexual Harassment Case at Berkeley - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   The University of California, Berkeley, announced Friday that Claude Steele, the university’s executive vice chancellor and provost for the past two years, resigned his administrative positions for personal reasons. Mr. Steele’s abrupt departure comes at a time of turmoil for the university, as he and other top administrators have been criticized for their handling of a widening sexual harassment scandal. Dan Mogulof, a spokesman for the university, said an interim successor for Mr. Steele would be named in the coming days. In a statement released by the university, Mr. Steele said his wife faced “quite significant” health problems and that he needed to spend more time with her. The university’s chancellor, Nicholas B. Dirks, praised Mr. Steele for his “lasting impact” on the university, citing his work in dealing with the university’s finances and   and “improving the campus climate” with regard to racial diversity. Mr. Steele will remain at Berkeley in a faculty position, joining the psychology department next year, according to the announcement. The statement did not mention the sexual harassment scandal, which has grown in magnitude in recent weeks. Mr. Steele has been criticized for his handling of claims of sexual harassment made against the dean of the law school, Sujit Choudhry. A report by the university found that Mr. Choudhry had repeatedly hugged and kissed his executive assistant, behavior that an investigator concluded was “unwelcome and objectively sexual in nature. ” Mr. Steele allowed Mr. Choudhry to stay on as the dean, but ordered a   cut in his salary and required that he undergo counseling and write a letter of apology to his assistant, who was told to look for work elsewhere at the university. Alumni and students expressed outrage at the terms of the punishment, which became public in March when Mr. Choudhry’s assistant, Tyann Sorrell, filed a civil suit. Prominent alumni of the law school called the punishment “feeble. ” Court papers filed with the lawsuit say that when Ms. Sorrell questioned why university officials had not taken stronger action against Mr. Choudhry, Mr. Steele told her that he had decided against termination because it “would ruin the dean’s career, that is, destroy his future chances for higher appointment. ” Mr. Choudhry has since resigned. The university this month released hundreds of pages of investigative reports showing violations of the university’s sexual harassment policies by 19 university employees. Most of the cases had not previously been made public. In addition to these cases, the university is investigating 16 cases involving sexual harassment and nine involving sexual violence.",0
6732,Israel Denies Claims That Syria Shot Down Warplane and Drone - The New York Times,"JERUSALEM  —   The Israeli military said on Tuesday that Syrian forces had fired two    missiles after Israeli aircraft targeted artillery positions in the Syrian Golan Heights overnight, but it categorically denied a claim by the Syrians that they had shot down an Israeli warplane and a drone. It was not immediately clear whether the Syrian antiaircraft fire early Tuesday, a rare response to an Israeli air incursion, was intended to hit the Israeli planes or to serve as a warning. Syria’s state news agency, SANA, cited the country’s General Command of the Army and Armed Forces as saying that defense forces responded to an attack by “the Israeli enemy’s air force” on a military position in the southern province of Quneitra around 1 a. m. Lt. Col. Peter Lerner, a spokesman for the Israeli military, said the Syrians “didn’t shoot anything down. ” Suggesting that the missile fire had not come close to hitting the Israeli aircraft, he added that they were “in no danger” and that “at no point was the safety of the aircraft compromised. ” Israeli Army Radio said that the missile fire had been inaccurate and had occurred long after the Israeli attack. The altercation came soon after a fragile   went into effect on Monday in Syria, part of an international effort to reduce the violence there after more than five years of civil war. However, insurgents fighting government forces in the Quneitra area of the   section of the Golan Heights have declared a new offensive. The Israeli military said its attack on Syrian artillery positions had come in response to what appeared to be spillover from that fighting, after a projectile landed on the   side of the Golan Heights for the fourth time in a week. Three more projectiles landed on the Israeli side later on Tuesday, without causing injury, and Israeli aircraft retaliated again, targeting more Syrian government artillery positions, the Israeli military said. Colonel Lerner said it was not always clear whether the rounds that had hit   territory had been the result of an intentional attack or of errant fire. Israel has repeatedly declared its neutrality in the struggle between President Bashar   of Syria and rebel forces, but it has been carrying out a covert campaign to prevent the transfer of sophisticated weapons from Syria to Hezbollah, the militant Lebanese Shiite organization that is aiding Mr. Assad. Other strikes attributed to Israel, which fought a monthlong war against Hezbollah in 2006, have targeted forces associated with the militant group across the     line in the Golan Heights. As the civil war in Syria has spilled over into the   part of the Golan Heights, whether intentionally or not, Israel has openly acknowledged strikes against Syrian government positions in recent years. Israel says it holds Syria responsible for the fire in its part of the Golan Heights. The attacks in response by Israel, as well as its more covert campaign, have generally passed without retaliation from a Syrian government beleaguered by the civil war. Israeli strikes in the Quneitra area in recent weeks have fueled the suspicions of Syrian government supporters that Israel is aiding insurgents  —   including those linked to Al Qaeda  —   near the frontier. SANA reported that the Israeli attack on Tuesday “came in support of the armed terrorist groups and in a desperate attempt to raise the deteriorating morale of their members due to the heavy losses they have suffered in Quneitra. ” While maintaining that its policy is one of noninterference in the Syrian war, Israel has been extending medical help and other humanitarian aid to what it describes as the more moderate rebels across the border.",0
6733,U.S. Athletes Weigh a Boycott Over Russian Doping - The New York Times,"American Olympians are considering boycotting a world championship event scheduled to be held in Sochi, Russia, in February, a move that would represent the most provocative gesture yet by athletes dissatisfied with how sports officials have responded to the continuing Russian doping scandal. American athletes who compete in bobsled and skeleton have circulated memos laying out reasons to avoid participating in the world championships in Sochi, the site of the last Winter Olympics and of elaborate,   cheating. The athletes have cited concerns about doping control, personal safety and information security. The correspondence, some of which was obtained by The New York Times, indicates that the athletes have the support of the United States Olympic Committee. That organization has not taken a strong public stand on Russia’s systemic doping as it seeks to curry favor with global sports leaders in a bid to hold the 2024 Summer Games in Los Angeles. “This has been passed down the line from the very highest level of sport, and now it’s fallen into the lap of athletes,” said Kyle Tress, an American skeleton racer. “There’s tremendous support to skip this event, and I think it’s the right decision. ” The United States Olympic Committee initially declined to comment. On Sunday, after this article was published online, a spokesman wrote that the organization supported athletes’ rights to choose when and where to compete. “The U. S. O. C. does not, and will not, support blanket boycotts of any events,” the spokesman added. “Any decisions our athletes make will be supported independently from our bid for the 2024 Summer Games, which is independent and unrelated to these events. ” In recent days, Mr. Tress and other members of his sport’s athlete advisory committee voted unanimously to recommend that if the competition was not relocated, American athletes should boycott the 2017 world championships. That event is key in determining rankings ahead of the following year’s Winter Olympics, to be held in Pyeongchang, South Korea. In May, a longtime chief of Russia’s antidoping laboratory, Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov, told The New York Times of a cheating operation coordinated by the Russian government at the Sochi Olympics in 2014. Top Russian athletes doped during the competition, he said, and had their   urine replaced with clean urine for drug testing. An investigation commissioned by the World   Agency verified the account, with its report released in July, and results of another investigation due this week are expected to address which athletes benefited from the cheating. “The fact that nothing has been done about the Sochi scandal and the fact that we’re still going to race there  —   it doesn’t make us feel secure, or that they’re taking the situation seriously,” said Katie Uhlaender, an American skeleton racer. At the Sochi Games, Ms. Uhlaender placed fourth, finishing 0. 04 of a second behind the bronze medal winner, Elena Nikitina of Russia. Ms. Nikitina’s urine sample was among those with which Dr. Rodchenkov said he had tampered, leaving Ms. Uhlaender wondering if she deserved a medal. This year, numerous Olympic medals have been stripped from Russian athletes for doping offenses at the Games in London in 2012 and in Beijing in 2008  —   but not at Sochi. Athletes who are advocating a Sochi boycott hope that the World   Agency’s publication of a final investigative report on Friday will prompt a stronger response from the International Olympic Committee and the International Bobsleigh and Skeleton Federation, the sport’s international governing body. Athletes are lobbying for the championships to be moved to a site outside Russia and for officials to revisit the standings of the 2014 Games as warranted. (The I. O. C. has appointed a disciplinary commission focused on Sochi, but it has not taken action ahead of the inquiry report expected this week.) “Perhaps after the report comes out, they’ll listen,” Mr. Tress said. “There’s politics and money and sponsors involved, but this is an opportunity to come out in favor of clean sport. And they’ve missed that opportunity. ” In July, after WADA published an initial report detailing   cheating in Sochi, the I. O. C. provided guidance to sports organizations planning to host events in Russia. “Because of the detailed references to the manipulation of samples during the Olympic Winter Games Sochi 2014,” the committee wrote in a news release, “the I. O. C. asks all International Olympic Winter Sports Federations to freeze their preparations for major events in Russia, such as world championships, World Cups or other major international competitions under their responsibility, and to actively look for alternative organizers. ” Nonetheless, plans for February’s championships have moved forward. The I. O. C. has not publicly clarified its guidelines, and the matter is expected to be discussed at the Olympic committee’s executive board meetings in Switzerland this week. The International Bobsleigh and Skeleton Federation did not respond to emails requesting comment. “Sochi is in Russia, and it’s the place where the cheating happened,” Ms. Uhlaender said. “I’m confused at how the I. O. C. said what it said, and we’re still holding our world championships there. ” Such confusion has transcended nationalities. “It’s not just the U. S. athletes,” said Travis T. Tygart, chief executive of the United States   Agency. “Athletes around the world are concerned about this, and it’s a last resort,” he added, referring to the consideration of boycotting competitions. Lizzy Yarnold of Britain, who won a gold medal in skeleton at the Sochi Games, said in October that she was considering skipping the event in Sochi in February. Those traveling to Russia have concerns extending beyond drug testing, too, after recent Russian cyberattacks on WADA and Usada, and the theft of athletes’ private medical information, raised   issues. As groups of athletes organize, they are increasingly forcing national governing bodies to support their cause  —   an uncomfortable position for United States sports officials, who need the votes of global Olympic officials to win the right to host the 2024 Games. The race to hold that competition has narrowed to three bidders, with Los Angeles and Paris considered   ahead of Budapest. It was unclear how drug testing at the Sochi competition would be handled. WADA has decertified Russia’s national antidoping agency, making the country ineligible to hold an Olympic competition. That ineligibility, some antidoping officials said, should carry over to other international sporting events. “So long as Russia is noncompliant, they should not have events there,” said Thorhild Widvey, a politician from Norway who sits on WADA’s executive committee. Craig Reedie, WADA’s president, who is also a longtime I. O. C. member and has been criticized for seeming to run the regulatory agency more as politician than policeman, expressed eagerness last month for Russia to return to good standing. He invoked the country’s willingness to host major international competitions  —   something fewer and fewer countries are vying for. Mr. Tress said, “There hasn’t been a sufficient response from people in leadership positions, and there’s a lot of frustration. ”",0
6734,"Greyerz – Historic Shocker, A Difficult Road And A Major Short Squeeze About To Unfold","23   GOLD , KWN King World News 
On the heels of a wild week, today the man who has become legendary for his predictions on QE, historic moves in currencies, and major global events, spoke with King World News about a shocker and what is really happening in the gold market. 
A Historic Shocker Egon von Greyerz: “ There is a total misunderstanding of the role of gold and why it is so critical to own physical gold. Gold should not be bought or sold based on rumors or events. This week gold moved for totally the wrong reasons. 
The whole Western world had forecast a Clinton victory. The Western media, which does no analysis but only reports what they are fed, spent no time trying to understand what the mood of the people was. It was exactly the same with Brexit. The elite in London, New York and the big metropolitan areas have totally different objectives than ordinary people… 
Continue reading the Egon von Greyerz interview below… 
In a King World News interview I spoke with the man who predicted the Swiss National Bank would experience staggering losses and that the Fed would also experience massive losses that will destabilize the global financial system! His company is the only one in the world offering a precious metals investment service outside the banking system, with direct ownership and full control by the investor. He has also become legendary for his predictions on QE, historic moves in currencies, and major global events. To find out what he and his company can do to help answer that age old question for you CLICK HERE. Sponsored 
Egon von Greyerz continues: “ The change in trend in public reaction which we are seeing now is not just a temporary phenomenon. Ordinary people are tired of a small elite of bankers, industrialists and politicians helping themselves to unlimited power and wealth whilst normal people are getting poorer, with lower incomes and more debt. 
And it is the masses which ultimately are responsible for repaying debt, which is increasing exponentially in most countries. They will of course not repay the debt because they can’t. Instead, they will suffer immeasurably when the global debt of roughly $250 trillion implodes, leading to a severe depression. The gap between the rich and the poor in the West is wider than ever. In the US, the top 0.1% have 22% of total wealth. And top professionals in the US have had an increase in real pay of 51% since 1973, whilst the average worker has seen a reduction of 4.6%. This a very dangerous trend and when the economic downturn comes, it is likely to lead to violent protests and social unrest. 
The Trump win was totally unexpected in the US as well as in other countries. Most politicians in Europe and around the world have ridiculed Trump and assumed that he would never be elected. They all certainly must eat humble pie now. 
Coming back to gold, we saw the most incredible volatility during last week. As the Trump victory became clear, gold went from $1,270 to $1,335 in under 4 hours. Then massive selling of gold futures pushed the price down to $1,270 where it started before election. On Friday last week it was pushed down further to $1,225, which is $110 from the euphoric election peak. Initially, heavy paper speculative buying of gold took place around the world but very little serious physical buying. Some gold experts predicted that gold would go up by at least $100 if Trump won. Well, it did go up $65 but then declined over $100 from there. A dealer in London ran out of physical stock due to panic retail buying. But when the stock markets turned around from down 4-5% to up, the paper longs in gold were liquidated and speculative funds flowed into stock markets instead. Two years of gold production was traded after the election – all in the paper market. Andrew Maguire’s excellent interview on KWN explains in detail how it happened. 
Despite Plunge, Is A Major Short Squeeze In Gold About To Unfold? As usual, when gold is dumped in the futures market there is little selling of physical. Thus, the paper price of gold is totally false and in no way reflects what is happening in the physical market. It is likely that commercial gold buyers, who are already long, will add to positions at these suppressed levels. The paper market has maximum 1 oz of physical for every 100 oz of paper gold. When the commercials add to positions at these artificially low levels, there is likely to be a major short squeeze. 
I agree with Maguire that gold is bottoming at these levels and could rally strongly from here. Our proprietary cycle indicators confirm this. 
Gold investors should totally ignore these short-term moves as well as any news or events that temporarily move gold. Sadly, many investors buy gold when it goes up and sell it when it goes down. This behavior shows a total ignorance of the role of gold and why it is so important to hold physical gold. Because gold is not an investment and should definitely not be seen as a speculative commodity. But futures traders and the bullion banks have no interest in gold for wealth protection purposes. For them it is just a commodity traded in the paper market with no intention of ever taking delivery. 
When gold moves strongly based on events, the move is seldom sustained. Those moves are mostly speculative and in the paper market. Sustained moves in gold are due to the debasement of paper money and nothing else. Since the creation of the Fed in 1913, all major currencies have declined 97- 99% against gold. The US has not had a real budget surplus since 1960, so the trend is very clear and unlikely to be reversed any time soon. Since 1971, when Nixon abolished the gold backing of the dollar, US debt has grown by an average of 9% per year. This means that on average US federal debt has doubled every eight years. And Obama is no exception. He duly complied with the trend of exponential debt increases and doubled US debt from $10 trillion to $20 trillion. It took the US over 200 years to go from zero debt to $10 trillion and Obama managed to double it in just 8 short years. What an achievement! 
Neither Clinton nor Trump had any intention of breaking the trend of massive debt expansion. Trump’s proposed tax reductions and major infrastructure investments will add over $5 trillion to the debt. But with this expansive policy, there is absolutely no reason why debt in the next four years will grow by less than the 9% annual average. This would take the US debt to at least $28 trillion by 2021. 
But it is likely to get a lot worse. Rising interest rates, higher unemployment, stress in the debt markets and major problems in the global financial system are likely to lead to substantially higher debt as well as massive money printing. 
Long term US interest rates turned up earlier this year with 10 year Treasury yield up 50% from 1.4% to 2.1%. The 35 year rate cycle has now turned and rates are likely to go back to at least the 16% we saw in 1980 but probably a lot higher as the biggest bond bubble in history bursts. Due to the massive size of this bubble on a global scale, the increase in rates could happen very quickly. This will not just affect debt markets and the ability of governments to pay the interest but also the derivatives market. 
The $1.5 quadrillion of global derivatives are extremely sensitive to interest rate increases and that market will not survive much higher interest rates. 
And if we look around the world, the risks are unprecedented. Japan is totally bankrupt, China has a major debt problem and the European banking system is unlikely to survive in its present form. Also, what started with Brexit is likely to continue in many European countries. Just like in the US, many Europeans are tired of an elite in Brussels ruling over 500 million people with little understanding of the resentment that this unaccountable and unelected elite is causing. The Italian election is next in December and then we have France and Germany in 2017. The breakup of the EU and the end of the Euro is just a matter of time and it could happen a lot faster than anyone expects. 
A Difficult Road For Trump With all these problems around the world, Trump will have major difficulties reversing the trend of debts, deficits and no real growth of the US economy. Global trade is already declining and is likely to deteriorate substantially in the next few years. With both global and US problems of unparalleled proportions, it is not the best time to become president of the biggest and most indebted economy in the world. Clearly, Trump is determined to succeed but running an insolvent economy in a virtually bankrupt world will be a lot harder than building a property empire. 
As the world enters a period with risk exponentially greater than in 2006, the reasons for holding physical gold as insurance and wealth protection are more compelling than ever. The continued debasement of the currencies will guarantee a higher gold price. In addition, the failure of the paper gold market could happen at any time. When this happens there will be no physical gold available at any price until there is equilibrium in the physical market. At what price that will take place is impossible to forecast but it is certain to be multiples of the current price. ” For those who are interested in hearing more about the gold market and the Trump shocker, KWN has just released one of legendary Art Cashin’s greatest audio interviews ever discussing the gold market at length, including the recent takedown in gold, what to surprises to expect in key markets as Trump becomes president, and what impact massive public works projects will have on the United States, inflation, gold, bonds, and much more. and you can listen to this extraordinary interview by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary KWN audio interview with whistleblower Andrew Maguire, where he discusses the gold and silver smash, at what price the large sovereign wholesale bids are located, and much more, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: The World Is About To Witness A Breathtaking Once In A Century Event CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author",0
6735,Israeli Lawmakers Advance Bill to Curb Loudspeakers in Muslim Call to Prayer - The New York Times,"A bill that would regulate the traditional use of loudspeakers for the Muslim call to prayer passed its first legislative hurdle in Israel’s Parliament on Wednesday, provoking frustration and anger among some Arab lawmakers. One version of the bill would prohibit places of worship from using loudspeakers between 11 p. m. and 7 a. m. while another would ban any broadcast over such speakers regardless of the time of day if it is deemed “unreasonably loud,” the BBC reported. The first daily prayer is traditionally performed before sunrise. Both versions passed with slim majorities, but a final draft requires further approval from Parliament before becoming law. Opponents describe the legislation as an attack on religious freedom that targets the five daily calls to prayer. Supporters describe it as something closer to a noise ordinance. “Israel is committed to freedom for all religions, but is also responsible for protecting citizens from noise,” Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in November, when his ministers approved an earlier version of the proposal and sent it to the Parliament. Zouheir Bahloul, a member of Parliament belonging to the   Zionist Union, disagreed, calling the bill “dangerous” in a translated interview with i24, an Israeli television station. “We’re talking about small politicians who are trying to persecute the Arab minority in the country,” he said. “It’s a stain on the forehead of Israeli society and the state of Israel. In the book of laws, this law is the blackest. ” Some Arab lawmakers ripped up copies of the legislation during a debate. One, Ayman Odeh, the leader of an alliance of Arab parties known as the Joint List, was thrown out of the chamber after doing so, according to the BBC. When the ban was proposed in November, it was denounced by Jordan and the Palestinian Authority. “The call to prayer is a symbol of Islam,” Adel Elfar, the imam of a mosque in Lod, a city of Arabs and Jews in Israel, said at the time. “This is something that’s existed for 1, 426 years. ”",0
6736,"For Police, a Playbook for Conflicts Involving Mental Illness - The New York Times","PORTLAND, Ore.  —   The 911 caller had reported a man with a samurai sword, lunging at people on the waterfront. It was evening, and when the police arrived, they saw the man pacing the beach and called to him. He responded by throwing a rock at the embankment where they stood. They shouted to him from a sheriff’s boat he threw another rock. They told him to drop the sword he said he would kill them. He started to leave the beach, and after warning him, they shot him in the leg with a beanbag gun. He turned back, still carrying the   blade. In another city  —   or in Portland itself not that long ago  —   the next step would almost certainly have been a direct confrontation and, had the man not put down the weapon, the use of lethal force. But the Portland Police Bureau, prodded in part by the 2012 findings of a Justice Department investigation, has spent years putting in place an intensive training program and protocols for how officers deal with people with mental illness. At a time when police behavior is under intense scrutiny  —   a series of fatal shootings by police officers have focused national attention on issues of race and mental illness  —   Portland’s approach has served as a model for other law enforcement agencies around the country. And on that Sunday last summer, the police here chose a different course. At 2:30 a. m. after spending hours trying to engage the man, the officers decided to “disengage,” and they withdrew, leaving the man on the beach. A search at daylight found no signs of him. People with mental illnesses are overrepresented among civilians involved in police shootings:   percent or more of people fatally shot by the police have had a mental disorder, according to various analyses. In Chicago, for example, police officers killed a    mentally ill man, Quintonio LeGrier, in December after the police said he had come at them with a baseball bat. In Denver, Paul Castaway, 35, who had a history of mental illness, was fatally shot by the police last year after they said he moved “dangerously close” to them, holding a knife to his own throat. Similar encounters have occurred in Albuquerque, Dallas, Indianapolis and other cities. In response to public outcry, many police departments have, like Portland, turned to more training for their officers, in many cases adopting some version of a model pioneered in Memphis almost three decades ago and known as crisis intervention team training, or C. I. T. Studies have found that the training can alter the way officers view people with mental illness. And the approach, which teaches officers ways to defuse potentially violent encounters before force becomes necessary, is useful for officers facing any volatile situation, even if a mental health crisis is not involved, law enforcement experts say. Whether the training leads to less use of force by officers, however, is still an open question: The findings of studies have been mixed, although one study to be published later this year suggests that Portland’s program, which is based on C. I. T. is having an effect. And training alone is not enough, experts say. For the approach to be effective, it needs the full backing of a police department’s leadership, continual checks on its effectiveness, and collaboration with the mental health community. “The training is great, but it’s not magic,” said Laura Usher, coordinator of crisis intervention team training for the National Alliance on Mental Illness. “The thing that actually transforms the way the system works is when everyone gets together. ” The decision by the Portland police to leave the   man on the beach was controversial within the department. Some officers argued that more should have been done: What if the man had injured or killed someone? Others countered that it was late and that the secluded area was deserted. The man had committed no crime. And a confrontation could easily have ended with him or the officers being harmed. But the discussion itself, some officers said, was a sign of change. “Ten years ago, we would have been more proactive in dealing with him at the start,” said Officer Brad Yakots, a specialist in mental health issues who was called to the scene. “It’s a new way of looking at it. ” As in other cities, change in Portland began with a fatal encounter: On Sept. 17, 2006, James Chasse Jr. 42, a singer in a local band who had schizophrenia, died after a confrontation with police officers. Mr. Chasse’s death outraged the public. The Police Bureau, in response, revised policies and required all its officers to complete 40 hours of crisis intervention training. But after more troubling instances involving the mentally ill, a Justice Department investigation concluded in 2012 that the Police Bureau had shown “a pattern or practice of unnecessary or unreasonable force during interactions with people who have or are perceived to have mental illness. ” This time, the Police Bureau’s leadership responded far more aggressively. In addition to the mandatory training for the entire force, a group of about 100 patrol officers signed up for 40 extra hours of instruction to handle more complex calls involving mental illness or drug and alcohol addiction. Teams of officers were paired with mental health clinicians to follow up on cases. New protocols were put in place. And the police connected with housing and mental health organizations to help further. “It’s really about a culture shift,” said Lt. Tashia Hager, who heads the unit that coordinates the department’s mental health response. She noted that in cases like that of the man with the sword, “there’s a potential negative outcome regardless of the decision we make. ” In the past, she said, officers were taught, “If you do this, I’m going to do that. ” Now they are encouraged to question whether “that” is really necessary. Officers need to be educated about mental illness, many criminal justice experts say, because cutbacks in financing for mental health services have put them on the front lines of dealing with many people who have psychiatric disorders. Jails around the country have filled with mentally ill inmates who, unable to obtain treatment in the community, are arrested time and again for minor offenses like disorderly conduct and petty theft. Police officers have been forced to play dual roles as law enforcers and psychiatric social workers. “We are working in the backdrop of a fractured mental health system that has gotten worse and worse,” said Portland’s police chief, Lawrence O’Dea III. Yet many police officers know little about mental disorders, and what they do know is often shaped by stigma. Bizarre behavior is often interpreted as a prelude to violence. And routine police actions aimed at control  —   placing a hand on a person’s shoulder, for example  —   can backfire with someone with a severe mental illness. “Instead of being calming, it can trigger them to either pull away or resist,” said Matthew Epperson, an assistant professor of social work at the University of Chicago. The officers, in turn, can misinterpret such responses as resistance or an attempt to flee, he added. In the crisis training, officers learn about psychiatric medications,   various scenarios, and have opportunities to interact with people who have a mental illness when they are not in crisis. The officers are told, among other things, to use distance and time to try to defuse potentially violent encounters. About 2, 700 law enforcement agencies around the country use some form of the approach, said Ms. Usher, of the mental illness alliance, and that number is growing as more departments have come under pressure to change police behavior. In January, responding to a series of   shootings across the country, a group of   leaders urged departments to adopt higher standards for the use of force than those set down by the Supreme Court, and to adopt methods to defuse volatile situations and avoid violence. Some departments require crisis training for all their officers. But Maj. Sam Cochran, who coordinated the first crisis intervention program in Memphis and now consults with other departments, said he believed the training worked best when departments trained a smaller group of volunteers who then took the lead on police calls involving mental health issues. “There’s all kinds of specialization in law enforcement,” Major Cochran said. “We’ve got bomb technicians, narcotics, robbery. I want all the officers present at a scene to understand that this C. I. T. officer is the leader. That represents clarity, and responsibility brings about a level of accountability. ” In a draft report released this month, outside monitors concluded that the Police Bureau in Portland still had more to do, including keeping better track of how many police contacts involved mental health issues. But the bureau, the monitors said, had made “substantial progress” in improving the way they dealt with the mentally ill. And the study of the Portland police that is to be published later this year found that the use of force by officers had decreased by 65. 4 percent from 2008 to 2014, as measured in quarterly reports. The researchers attributed the drop in large part to increased training and oversight in recent years, although the study did not specifically look at interactions with the mentally ill. Police shootings, the researchers found, had also dropped, averaging three a year from 2007 to 2014, compared with eight a year from 2002 to 2005. And allegations of excessive force by citizens declined by 74. 2 percent from 2004 to 2014, a decrease that Tim Prenzler, an adjunct professor of criminology at Griffith University in Australia and the lead author of the study, called “a remarkable achievement. ” The research will appear in Journal of Criminological Research, Policy and Practice. Officer Yakots, who has been on the force for nine years, said he thought that the department’s efforts to shift course had been largely successful. But he added: “Do things fall through the cracks? Yeah, it’s not perfect. A lot of times we have limited resources. ” It was a Monday night in late February when he and his partner, Officer Michael Hastings, were making the rounds of makeshift homeless camps and downtown street corners, listening for radio calls that might require their presence. An adolescent girl was on an overpass, threatening to jump. A college student had called his mother in another city and told her he was going to kill himself. A    woman was standing outside a mental health treatment center demanding to be taken to the hospital because, she said, “I am suicidal and homicidal. ” Officer Hastings said that before the department changed its approach, the attitude was “enforce, enforce, enforce, arrest, arrest, arrest. ” But taking people to an emergency room or putting them in jail did nothing. “These people, they’re out within four hours most of the time,” he said. At least in Portland, Officer Hastings said, most police officers had accepted that part of their job was now dealing with mental illness and helping to find   solutions. “We’ve realized that it is what it is,” he said, “and we’re the ones that are going to be responding to that. ”",0
6737,"Kushners, Trump In-Laws, Weigh $400 Million Deal With Chinese Firm - The New York Times","A New York real estate company owned by the family of President Trump’s    has been negotiating to sell a $400 million stake in its Fifth Avenue flagship skyscraper to a Chinese insurance company with ties to leading families of the Communist Party. The Chinese company, Anbang Insurance Group, would pay to get a   piece of Manhattan real estate and would commit to spending billions more to completely transform the    tower into a chic condominium and retail citadel. If signed, the potential agreement would create a financial marriage of two politically powerful families in the world’s two biggest economies, but it would also present the possibility of glaring conflicts of interest. The Kushner family, owners of the tower, would reap a financial windfall courtesy of a Chinese company, even as Jared Kushner, a senior adviser to Mr. Trump as well as his    helps oversee American foreign policy. News of the negotiations surfaced as President Trump and the Chinese president, Xi Jinping, were preparing for their first meeting, to be held next month. Jared Kushner has emerged as a moderating voice in China policy among Mr. Trump’s inner circle, and he has been heavily involved in planning for the visit. Asked about a deal at a news conference on Tuesday, the White House spokesman, Sean Spicer, referred questions back to the Kushner Companies. “Jared went through extraordinary lengths” to comply with    rules, he said. A spokesman for Anbang said in a statement that there was no agreement and that “there is no investment from Anbang for this deal. ” In his presentation to prospective investors, Charles Kushner, the leader of the family company and Jared’s father, has said that once renovated, the property would be worth more than $7 billion, according to a real estate broker and two investors who have heard the pitch and spoke on the condition of anonymity because they want to do further business with the companies. That would make it the most valuable property in Manhattan. The chairman of Anbang, Wu Xiaohui, who wined and dined Jared Kushner at the Waldorf Astoria hotel in November, serving $   Château Lafite Rothschild, married the granddaughter of Deng Xiaoping, the paramount leader who transformed China’s economy. Mr. Wu also counts the son of a top army marshal as a longtime business partner. The Waldorf Astoria is one of a string of trophy properties that Anbang has bought in the United States in recent years, spending billions of dollars for it and a collection of luxury properties that the company acquired last year from the Blackstone Group. But the company’s murky shareholding structure has caused federal regulators to put the brakes on other planned acquisitions. Anbang, a huge Chinese conglomerate with almost $300 billion in assets, is owned by 39 companies, many of them shell companies that, when traced, lead to empty offices or government registration bureaus, according to Chinese government records. At least 35 of the companies, which collectively control more than 92 percent of Anbang, trace all or part of their ownership to relatives of Mr. Wu, to Deng’s granddaughter or to Chen Xiaolu, the marshal’s son, though the three no longer show up as owners in company records, The New York Times reported in September. Should an agreement be reached, going into business with the family of the    of the American president would buy Mr. Wu an immense amount of credibility within China because he is seen as having influence at the apex of power in the United States, said Minxin Pei, a professor of political science at Claremont McKenna College in California, who focuses on Chinese politics and corruption. “He is purchasing political prestige, and that is a priceless asset for somebody like him,” Mr. Pei said by telephone. A deal, however, could face scrutiny by the American and Chinese governments before it is completed. The Chinese government has been eager to stanch the flow of overseas investments as the economy slows. A White House press officer said that “these   negotiations will not affect the Trump administration’s policies or approach with China in any way. ” Details of the negotiations with Anbang were first reported by Bloomberg on Monday. Talks were underway between Anbang and the Kushners, including Jared, as early as last year, and were first reported by The Times in January. The deal would value the     office tower at $2. 8 billion, a high value for a building that has never been considered a New York trophy. Anbang would eventually take a controlling stake in the property and obtain a $4 billion construction loan, Bloomberg said, for a makeover of the tower, which would have luxury apartments at the top, a multifloor retail mall at the base, and a hotel in the middle. The proposed development comes at an odd time in New York. For years, foreign investors have poured billions of dollars into New York apartments, hotels, office buildings and developments based on a perception that this is one of the most stable markets in a tumultuous world. But luxury hotel rates in New York have started to fall, and developers who rushed to build supertowers with $100 million penthouses have seen a drastic slowdown in sales. A similar plan to convert the   Sony office building at 550 Madison Avenue into a condominium, hotel and mall was abandoned last year because of the slowdown in the luxury residential market. The Kushner family declined to discuss details of the deal. “Kushner Companies is in active discussions around 666 Fifth,” a spokesman said in a brief statement Monday, “and nothing has been finalized. ” A spokeswoman for Kushner Companies had said previously that Jared Kushner recused himself in November, not long after Mr. Trump’s election, to avoid conflicts of interest. Mr. Kushner has also since stepped away from the    business of the company and placed some of his assets in a trust. Hope Hicks, a White House spokeswoman, said on Monday that Mr. Kushner had sold his interest in 666 Fifth Avenue to a trust in which neither he, nor his wife, Ivanka Trump, nor their children are beneficiaries at a price “based on   appraisals. ” The amount paid has not been revealed. Ms. Hicks, in an email, also said that Mr. Kushner “has not communicated with anyone regarding this matter since the president took office. ” The Kushners bought 666 Fifth for $1. 8 billion on Jared’s birthday in January 2007, as part of a plan to reposition the family company as a major Manhattan developer. Until then, the Kushners were based in New Jersey, where they owned a huge portfolio of suburban garden apartments and donated heavily to the Democratic Party. But the deal at 666 Fifth came with a big price, $1, 200 per square foot. As the family struggled to make its mortgage payments amid the recession, it slowly sold segments to Vornado Realty Trust, which owns 49. 5 percent of the building’s office space and a slice of the retail, and others. They would have to be bought out for the deal to close. A spokesman for Vornado declined to comment. The proposed deal would be a form of political risk insurance for Mr. Wu, said Mr. Pei, the political science professor. China is in the middle of a widespread crackdown on corruption, and billionaires are not immune. In January, one of the country’s richest financiers was apparently abducted from an apartment in Hong Kong’s Four Seasons hotel and whisked across the border into Chinese custody. By doing business with the Kushners, Mr. Wu may buy himself safety. “Now he has extra protection, because Chinese authorities who want to come after him will now have to think twice about the political fallout,” said Mr. Pei, who wrote “China’s Crony Capitalism. ” “For him, it is a brilliant move. ”",0
6738,Reince Priebus: BuzzFeed Report on Trump ’Total Phony Baloney Garbage’ - Breitbart,"Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,”   Donald Trump’s incoming chief of staff Reince Priebus said the  CNN and Buzzfeed stories about unverified reports that Russia had damaging information on Trump were “total phony baloney garbage. ”  Priebus said, “Well, I mean, the BuzzFeed memo is total complete garbage is what it is. And I, look BuzzFeed themselves said it was garbage. The New York Times wouldn’t even print the document because it was unverifiable. This is what this is. There are tens of thousands of retired agents all over the world. You’ve got some agent somewhere maybe in the UK that hangs a shingle and says pay me a rate I’m going to do opposition research. He does a memo or she does a memo. This thing circulates for months. It’s unsubstantiated and viola it shows up! I talked to Michael Cohen. One of the basis’ of this entire report is that a guy named Michael Cohen who works for the Trump organization went to Prague and had a meeting with Russian agents. He’d never been to Prague in his life. I don’t know what it says about the report. In fact the coach of USC Baseball in Southern California said, wait a second. He wasn’t in Prague he was with me in Southern California with his son. ” He added, “All I can tell you is the BuzzFeed memo, the salacious details in that memo, all of those things are total phony baloney garbage. It never happened. It isn’t true. And what created the BuzzFeed article and I think most of what CNN’s been talking about, I’m not watching it   is based on this document for this opposition research guy that is based on nothing. That is not true. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
6739,The Particle That Wasn’t - The New York Times,"A great “might have been” for the universe, or at least for the people who study it, disappeared Friday. Last December, two teams of physicists working at CERN’s Large Hadron Collider reported that they might have seen traces of what could be a new fundamental constituent of nature, an elementary particle that is not part of the Standard Model that has ruled particle physics for the last  . A bump on a graph signaling excess pairs of gamma rays was most likely a statistical fluke, they said. But physicists have been holding their breath ever since. If real, the new particle would have opened a crack between the known and the unknown, affording a glimpse of quantum secrets undreamed of even by Einstein. Answers to questions like why there is matter but not antimatter in the universe, or the identity of the mysterious dark matter that provides the gravitational glue in the cosmos. In the few months after the announcement, 500 papers were written trying to interpret the meaning of the putative particle. On Friday, physicists from the same two CERN teams reported that under the onslaught of more data, the possibility of a particle had melted away. “We don’t see anything,” said Tiziano Camporesi of CERN, the European Organization for Nuclear Research and a spokesman for one of the detector teams known as C. M. S. on the eve of the announcement. “In fact, there is even a small deficit exactly at that point. ” His statement was echoed by a member of the competing team, known as Atlas. James Beacham, of Ohio State University, said, “As it stands now, the bumplet has gone into a flatline. ” “This is the success of science, this is what science does,” he added. Dr. Camporesi said, “It’s disappointing because so much hype has been made about it. ” But, he added, noting that the experimenters had always cautioned that the bump was most likely a fluke, “we have always been very cool about it. ” The new results were presented in Chicago at the International Conference of High Energy Physics, ICHEP for short, by Bruno Lenzi of CERN for the Atlas team, and Chiara Rovelli for their competitors named for their own detector called C. M. S. short for Compact Muon Solenoid. The presentations were part of an outpouring of dozens of papers from the two teams on the results so far this year from the collider, all of them in general agreement with the Standard Model. The main news is that the collider, which had a rocky start, exploding back in 2008, is now running “swimmingly” in CERN’s words, producing up to a billion   collisions a second. “We’re just at the beginning of the journey,” said Fabiola Gianotti, CERN’s   in a statement. But perhaps nature has not gotten the memo. The   has further deepened an already deep mystery about the famous Higgs boson, which explains why other particles have mass, and whose discovery resulted in showers of champagne and Nobel Prizes four years ago. The Higgs, one of the heaviest elementary particles known, weighs about 125 billion electron volts, in the units of mass and energy favored by particle physicists  —   about as much as an entire iodine atom. That, however, is way too light by a factor of trillions according to standard quantum calculations, physicists say, unless there is some new phenomenon, some new physics, exerting its influence on the universe and keeping the Higgs mass from zooming to cataclysmic scales. That would mean new particles. “We have seen the Higgs, we expect to see something else,” said Lisa Randall, a Harvard particle theorist who was not part of the CERN experiments. Hence the excitement over the December bump. Its mass, about 750 billion electron volts, was in the range where something should happen. “It would have been great if it was there,” Dr. Randall said. “It is the sort of thing they should be looking for if we want to understand the Higgs. ” For a long time, the phenomenon physicists have thought would appear to save the day is a conjecture known as supersymmetry, which comes with the prediction of a whole new set of elementary particles, known as wimps, for weakly interacting massive particles, one of which could comprise the dark matter that is at the heart of cosmologists’ dreams. But so far, wimps haven’t shown up either in the collider or in underground experiments designed to detect wimps floating through space. Neither has evidence for an alternative idea that the universe has more than three dimensions of space. The Large Hadron Collider is expected to run for another 20 years. So, these could still be exciting times. The CERN collider was built at a cost of some $10 billion, to speed protons around an   underground track at more than 99 percent of the speed of light, and smash them together with a combined energy of 14 trillion electron volts, in search of new particles and forces of nature. The more energy they can pour into these collisions, microscopic samples of primordial fire, by virtue of Einstein’s equivalence of mass and energy, the more massive particles can come out of them. During its first two years of running the collider, hampered by electrical problems, ran at only half power but still managed to find the Higgs boson. Since last spring, after a   shutdown, CERN physicists have been running their collider at nearly its full energy, 13 trillion electron volts, or 13 TeV. “The potential for discovery is the biggest we’ve had since it first turned on,” said Kyle Cranmer of New York University, a member of the Atlas team. Whether this is enough to break through to new physics  —   if in fact there is new physics to be found  —   depends on who is talking. “It might be we don’t have the firepower,” Dr. Randall said, suggesting that physicists might eventually have to build a more powerful machine, “If we didn’t see it at 8 TeV, it’s not a shocker if it is not at 13. ” Michael Turner, a cosmologist at the University of Chicago, said, “Energy is the great tool of discovery, so going from 8 TeV to 13 TeV is a really big deal. Keep your fingers crossed. ” Dr. Camporesi said it was too soon to tell. So far physicists have only had time to pluck the   fruit from their new machine, and more subtle, difficult analyses would take time. “I would consider us lucky if we discovered new phenomena or a new state of matter in two or three years,” he said, adding, “It would mean nature has been kind to us, but nature might be more subtle. ” Dave Charlton of the University of Birmingham, the Atlas spokesman, said, “We don’t know what nature has in store for us. ” Modern particle physics, in particular, is a counting game in which a small deviation from calculated expectations building up in the course of millions or billions of individual events  —   a bump on a graph  —   can rewrite the laws of nature. Last December’s bump first manifested as an excess of pairs of gamma rays produced in the collisions. They could have been produced in pairs by the radioactive decay of a new particle. This was exciting because the Higgs boson itself had first showed up as pairs of gamma rays, except this new particle was six times more massive than the Higgs and  —   unlike the Higgs  —   was not expected. But as Dr. Cranmer noted at the time, there was a    chance this was a fluke  —   far from the   .  odds of mere chance, known as   that is considered the gold standard for a discovery. But the fact that both teams saw something was enticing. Theoretical papers started flowing immediately, suggesting, among other things, that the new particle might be a cousin of the Higgs  —   good for supersymmetry  —   or a graviton, the conjectured quantum carrier of gravity. “Had the bump been real, it would have without a doubt been the most important discovery in particle physics in the past half century,” said Lawrence Krauss, a cosmologist at Arizona State University. “Which is why the odds were that it probably wasn’t. ” In three months of this year, Dr. Beacham said, his team had collected more than a quadrillion proton collisions, four times as much data as in all of 2015. As experimentalists, Dr. Beacham and his colleagues had to ignore the theory papers about what it all might mean. “We can’t be chasing ambulances,” he said. “Let the data do the talking. In this case it turned into this flat line. ” Maria Spiropulu of the California Institute of Technology and a member of the C. M. S. team, said, “So there is no gloom and doom in my opinion that this is gone. As we have said multiple times, it could have been anything, including nothing. ”",0
6740,Egyptian kangaroo court confirms 20-year-prison sentence on Morsi,"(7 fans) - Advertisement - Amid mounting anger against the US-client government of Field Marshal Abdel Fattah Al-Sisi because of tax rises, soaring food prices, inflation and cuts in state subsidies, a kangaroo court in Cairo has confirmed a 20-year prison sentence against Mohamed Morsi, the first democratically elected President who was deposed by Al-Sisi in July 2013. 
In April 2015, a Cairo court had sentenced Morsi to 20 years in prison for inciting violence against protesters who had staged a sit-in outside the Ittihadiya presidential palace in December 2012, when Morsi was still in power. 
Twenty-year jail sentences were also confirmed against other senior figures from Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood, including Mohamed el-Beltagy and Essam el-Erian. The men were convicted in April 2015 on charges including kidnapping, torture and the killings of protesters during unrest in 2012. 
Morsi, elected in 2012 and overthrown in 2013, is facing several trials. After a controversial trial, he was sentenced to death in May 2015 for allegedly participating in violence against the police during the 2011 uprising against former President Hosni Mubarak, but his court appointed lawyers have appealed that verdict. 
An Egyptian court cancelled the life sentences on Tuesday (Oct 25) handed out to former president Mohamed Morsi and Muslim Brotherhood chief Mohamed Badie along with 15 other leaders of the banned group in an espionage case and ordered a retrial. 
The court also cancelled death sentences handed out to 16 other Muslim Brotherhood members, including top leaders Khyrat el-Sharer and Mohamed el-Beltagy Ahmed Abdel Aty. Thirteen of the 16 were sentenced in absentia. The defendants were accused of spying, funding terrorism and disclosing national security. 
Turkey's president, Tayyip ErdoÄan, had criticized the death sentence for Morsi and accused the west of hypocrisy. ""The popularly elected president of Egypt, chosen with 52% of the vote, has unfortunately been sentenced to death,"" ErdoÄan said at a rally in Istanbul. 
""Egypt is turning back into ancient Egypt,"" he said, referring to the Pharaonic rule of the land that ended more than two millennia ago. ""The west, unfortunately, is still turning a blind eye to Sisi's coup,"" he added. ""While they abolished the death penalty in their own countries, they just look on as spectators at this execution in Egypt."" - Advertisement - 
Morsi, who has also been sentenced to 25 years in prison after being convicted of leaking state secrets to Qatar, has not appointed a lawyer to defend himself and has refused to recognize the legitimacy of the court proceedings, saying he remains Egypt's legitimate president. 
The Muslim Brotherhood has been blamed for the unrest in Egypt, which has resulted in the death of hundreds of people. Al-Sisi's government designated the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group in December 2013, making even verbal expressions of support punishable by imprisonment. 
Hundreds of people have been sentenced to death in a crackdown following Morsi's overthrow. Seven have been executed, including six defendants sentenced to death by a military court for allegedly participating in militant attacks. 
More than three years after Sisi ousted Morsi, his promise to restore stability is wearing thin. Desperation and anger among Egyptians is mounting due to increase in food prices, while the double-digit inflation rate squeezes poor Egyptians. 
According to the Middle East Monitor, core inflation is at seven-year-highs, near 14 percent, as a foreign exchange shortage and a hike in customs duties bite hard in a country that imports everything from sugar to luxury cars. The government raised electricity prices by 25-40 percent in August and is phasing in a 13 percent value-added tax approved by parliament in the same month. - Advertisement - 
As part of reforms aimed at clinching a $12 billion IMF loan needed to plug its gaping budget deficit, the government is also expected to cut petrol subsidies and devalue the Egyptian pound, prompting a further cycle of inflation in Egypt, where tens of millions rely on state-subsidized bread, the Middle East Monitor said adding: ""Dollar rationing at banks has driven businesses toward the black market where the dollar is now selling for more than 15.5 pounds -- a huge mark-up from the official rate of about 8.8. Rumors have spread that Friday Nov. 11 will be a day of protest over economic conditions, the Middle East Monitor reported. Police have already detained about 70 people for inciting protests, accusing many of loyalty to the banned Muslim Brotherhood.",0
6741,Roger Ailes Stares Into the Abyss From Atop the TV News World - The New York Times,"CLEVELAND  —   Donald J. Trump’s coronation as the Republican nominee for president Tuesday night was a signal accomplishment not only for the candidate, but also for the man who commands the most important control room in American politics: the Fox News chairman Roger Ailes. Mr. Trump’s convention has been a triumph for Mr. Ailes’s brand of   and “politically incorrect” politics  —   with speakers, themes, rhetoric and, ultimately, a nominee who is far more at home on the set of Fox News than in the establishment halls of Congress, the Republican National Committee or The Weekly Standard. It is, in a way, the most Fox   convention in the network’s history. But just as party delegates were nominating Mr. Trump at their convention here, Mr. Ailes’s career at the network was unraveling, with news that he was negotiating the details of his departure with his bosses at 21st Century Fox. A copy of what was purported to be a proposed set of settlement terms even leaked into public view, fittingly, on the Drudge Report. In 20 years at the helm of his news network, Mr. Ailes helped lead the movement he is so closely associated with to a sociopolitical promised land, in a year in which Fox News had some of its highest ratings ever. But just as Mr. Ailes reached the peak of the mountain, he hit the end of his own path, at least at Fox News. His future has been in doubt since a former Fox News anchor, Gretchen Carlson, filed a sexual harassment lawsuit against him two weeks ago. Fox News’s political power, and therefore that of Mr. Ailes, is often overstated: They are not kingmakers. But they often dictate the terms and themes of the Republican debate, often by relentlessly driving home  —   day after day, night after night  —   the sort of   narratives that have dominated the convention stage: “All lives matter,” Hillary Clinton’s alleged failings in the murderous attack in Benghazi, the need for a big wall on the border with Mexico or the tactics of the activist Saul Alinsky. Throughout his career as both a top national political strategist and a television executive, Mr. Ailes has exhibited an unmatched ability to tap into the resentments and insecurities of white   Americans who acutely feel the effects of a changing country. Those are the people Mr. Trump has so successfully courted this year, and Mr. Ailes has an uncanny sense of how to reach them through television. Part of it goes back to Mr. Ailes’s Ohio roots as a son of factory foreman, a boy who dug ditches as a teenager but then went on to work his way up from the bottom in broadcasting. He got his big break in television as the executive producer of “The Mike Douglas Show. ” His political career started there, when Richard Nixon appeared as one of Mr. Douglas’s guests. The two hit it off as Mr. Ailes urged Mr. Nixon to embrace television as the ultimate way to move the masses, and he went on to become Mr. Nixon’s media guru. He went on to serve several of the nation’s most consequential Republican politicians, including Ronald Reagan and George Bush, for whom Mr. Ailes sharpened the devastating attack against his Democratic opponent, Michael Dukakis, as soft on crime. It was impossible to walk around this convention without bumping into a former Ailes client. One of them, Rudolph W. Giuliani, even provided one of the bigger moments of the first night of the convention, delivering a “colorblind” message about race and policing in the Black Lives Matter era, the same kind of message that has frequently been aired in Fox News programs. “The conservative movement deserves to give Roger Ailes a lot of credit for the work that he did in helping candidates and founding Fox News and giving conservatives a voice in this country,” said another of his clients roaming the convention hall, Gov. Terry Branstad of Iowa. But Mr. Ailes has always made it clear he wants his legacy to be what he built at Fox News, though one former political adversary, the former Obama adviser David Axelrod, said he brought the same skills to both. “Roger Ailes created a network that speaks to Americans he had targeted effectively for decades as a Republican media consultant,” Mr. Axelrod said on Tuesday night. He called Mr. Ailes “brilliant” and “visionary. ” But he also said, “The rise of Fox News has corresponded with an era of rising polarization in our politics. ” Mr. Ailes brilliantly packaged his network as “Fair and balanced,” an antidote for what he described as a liberally biased mediasphere. But it also became a catchphrase for a brand of journalism that at times  —   especially during Fox’s opinion lineup in prime time  —   formed an ideological cocoon for a version of the news that was at odds with the mainstream reports it sought to discredit. Though the network has a distinct stable of personalities  —   and many journalists who are respected throughout the field  —   it was truly an extension of Mr. Ailes’s own political mind, which is why there are so many questions about what the network might look like without him. It was Mr. Ailes who, after the Sept. 11 attacks, directed his network to break with classic journalistic detachment to get fully behind the war efforts of the George W. Bush White House, which jarred the rest of his industry. During the Bush years, Fox News was a staunch defender of presidential power, and most of its hosts spoke out against a “liberal media” that, in their view, was unfairly questioning its president. “’We are not   United States,” Mr. Ailes told me in 2001. “We just do not assume that America’s wrong first. ” Then came the Obama years. Mr. Ailes’s network provided the soundtrack and sometimes the script for the Tea Party rebellion and whatever we decide will come after  —   at times questioning Mr. Obama’s motives, his associations, and, certainly, his exercise of presidential power, which some of the network’s hosts often described in totalitarian terms. Mr. Obama often flashed frustration with the network, telling my colleague John Harwood in one typical refrain, “I’ve got one television station that is entirely devoted to attacking my administration. ” The political nimbleness of Mr. Ailes’s network  —   which became No. 1 over CNN about 14 years ago and never looked back  —   is matched by one politician in particular, Mr. Trump, with whom Mr. Ailes, like so many other of the New   networks, has had a long relationship. It was an intriguing subplot this year when Mr. Ailes emerged as the only major television executive who was willing to take on Mr. Trump directly, in defense of Megyn Kelly, whom Mr. Trump repeatedly attacked, often in misogynistic terms. That defense included a statement in which the network accused Mr. Trump of having a “sick obsession” with the star and sent the signal that the network had the ratings stature, and confidence, to jeopardize its access to Mr. Trump, who had proved to be a great ratings draw. But in recent months, the network emerged as the television home of choice for Mr. Trump, who appears there more than anywhere else. That swing has created tensions within the network, between the more traditional conservative and establishment Republican thinkers, and its New   populists. Mr. Ailes is clearly more aligned with the latter and, for that matter, Mr. Trump, who will give his formal acceptance speech Thursday night. If the settlement agreement between Mr. Ailes and 21st Century Fox that leaked on Drudge on Tuesday is finalized, Mr. Ailes could step down from the Fox chairmanship the next day.",0
6742,Sean Spicer Scolds Media for Negative Donald Trump Coverage - Breitbart,"White House press secretary Sean Spicer called out the media for repeatedly trying to undermine and demoralize President Donald Trump and his supporters. [“He’s gone out there and defied the odds over and over and over again, and he keeps getting told what he can’t do by this narrative that’s out there,” Spicer said. “And he exceeds it every single time. ”  Spicer made his remarks during a question and answer session with CNN’s Jim Acosta during the White House Press briefing. During the briefing, Spicer listed all of the speculative predictions that the media made during Trump’s campaign, the transition, and the inauguration that turned out to be wrong. “I think over and over again there’s this constant attempt to undermine his credibility and the movement that he represents,” Spicer said. “And it’s frustrating for not just him, but I think so many of us that are trying to work to get this message out. ” Throughout his time in Washington, Spicer said, the media had never been as negative as they were toward Trump, calling it “demoralizing. ” “I’ve never seen it like this, Jim,” he told Acosta, adding later that the “default narrative is always negative and it’s demoralizing. ” Despite accusations that Spicer misled the media, he said that he would never intentionally lie to them. “There are certain things that we may not fully understand when we come out,” he said. “But our intention’s never to lie to you. ” Big Government, Big Journalism",0
6743,Deconstructing an Example of Establishment Media Reportage: the Boston Globe Publishes Not-So Subtle Hit Piece on Sanders and Warren,"Donate Deconstructing an Example of Establishment Media Reportage: the Boston Globe Publishes Not-So Subtle Hit Piece on Sanders and Warren Couched in establishment lingo and perspective, relying upon shallow but credible-seeming misinformation, the Boston Globe reveals itself to be no ally of the people or the revolution. Sanders and Warren By Liam Miller / filmsforaction.org 
Why, at such an uncertain time, would the Boston Globe’s Michael Levenson (mlevenson@globe.com) and Annie Linskey (annie.linskey@globe.com) sow disinformation and discord? That might seem like an exaggerated statement. But it only requires a slightly critical eye to see they tip their hand quite clearly: They serve the establishment's interests. 
The piece, inoccuously titled Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders duo will lead liberals in the Senate , begins with the wholly unsubstantiated statement, “Bernie Sanders did not like to open the phone lines to political critics when he hosted his Friday radio show on WDEV…” It is an assertion that rings true in a general way; who likes to open communication with detractors? From the gate, this characterization paints Bernie as someone who doesn’t like to listen to people who disagree with him; but anyone who has observed him knows this characterization isn't on point. 
To see this, simply watch Bernie’s regular, Friday Brunch with Bernie appearances on Thom Hartmann’s radio show. The phones were open to any and all, throughout the country. Bernie is always patient, respectful, and compassionate. If this were the only point upon which the authors were off-base, one could excuse it. This is far from the only example, however. 
Their next paragraph is thick with establishment perspective, as they discuss Warren and Sanders’ potential ability to “tap into the populist anger Trump channeled”. Here, the first and only means of understanding why people would listen to Warren and Sanders is anger; not the reasonableness of their positions, the compassion of their views, or their integrity and honesty. This argument is straight out of the establishment media’s playbook against Sanders from the primary; in speaking only of his supporters’ anger, they blurred the distinction between Sanders and Trump. This was convenient when establishment water-bearers in the media were attacking Sanders on Clinton’s behalf, and ultimately successful in handing her the primary (with disastrous consequences). But their utter lack of understanding, exemplified by this limited, tone deaf perspective is the real problem. It’s not that people are angry (although some are); it’s that they feel, quite distinctly and strongly, that they can trust Sanders and Warren to both understand and advocate for their perspectives. When understood in this way, this piece’s failure is not just an oversight; it is a deliberate marginalization, that lays groundwork for future dismissal. 
A few paragraphs later, they say “Their [Warren and Sanders’] history is more fraught and their future more uncertain than their ideological alliances might suggest”, before going on to quoting Charles Chamberlain of Democracy for America’s view that they would be leading the party and the movement. Then they continue: “Still, tensions may lie ahead,” before going on to claim that Warren is more of an insider while Sanders (“an independent and self-professed socialist”) is more of an outsider. Setting aside the obvious dog-whistle “socialist”, when Sanders in fact terms himself a “democratic-socialist”, the presumption of friction between them is simple unsupported speculative gossip. Oh, sorry – it’s supported by a University political scientist, who is cited as saying there “can really be only one custodian of the heart of the Democratic base,” and so Warren and Sanders interests must collide. This of course presumes that either of them covets such a role; in fact, as we saw throughout the primary by Sanders’ repeatedly demurring on his own individual importance, and Warren’s consistent, ongoing rebuff of any and all attempts to get her to evince even the slightest aspiration to power. Simply put, the authors don’t understand Warren and Sanders, because they (like so many in the media) can only comprehend those in political life as, at heart, self-interested sociopaths. They must hunger for power; and so they must, eventually, be at odds. 
The piece goes on to discuss Sanders and Warren’s ongoing conversations on his radio show, and their tendency to agree; then, in a seemingly pointless non-sequitur, makes an isolated quote of the station owner, who says he “can’t say” that it was “wonderful radio”. This point, entirely irrelevant to the purported point at hand (that Warren and Sanders would lead the Democratic party in the Senate), reflects poorly on them both; and is, indeed, a most indicative morsel of information. With it, we see that the authors are not sympathetic to Warren or Sanders. And, in the tradition established by the New York Times with their documented bias against Sanders (Matt Taibbi of Rolling Stone’s account of this is a chilling), subtly malign under the guise of reportage. They write in support of the political establishment; and with that understanding, their intent is revealed. 
The authors’ most egregious assertion is that “Warren refused Sanders’ repeated entreaties to endorse his run for the presidency.” This is a plausible-seeming, but entirely unsubstantiated bit of gossip. It’s true, Sanders’ supporters longed for Warren to endorse him, and many of them doubtless pled on his behalf; but there is absolutely nothing to support the claim that Sanders himself made such entreaties. This version of events does, however, play neatly into the narrative of friction that the authors want to present. 
I could be criticized for making too much of such seeming small details; but in fact, the point I am making here is that ‘reporters’ such as these two are not reporting about events, or even real people; they are reporting about the establishment’s views, seemingly congratulating each other on the subtlety of their understanding, while whole-heartedly missing the point and ignoring reality. Everything they say is in line with the same, lazy narrative espoused by establishment media througout the election. They don’t, and don't want to understand Warren or Sanders; they don’t comprehend why anyone would prefer them to Clinton; and the piece reveals their ongoing failure to self-reflect, to see how their own narrowness of perspective – which only reinforces itself, and those who agree with it – created the media echo-chamber that ultimately facilitated the rise of Trump. 
Not that we need it further confirmation of the intent to discredit, but the authors of this not-so-subtle hit piece gave the last word on Warren and Sanders to former Republican Senator Jud Gregg of New Hampshire: “They’re carrying the mantle of socialism, and it’s on the rise in the Democratic Party”. More red-baiting (which establishment Democrats employed against Sanders throughout the primary); no mention of the absolutely dominant support Warren and Sanders’ positions enjoy among the American people (Juan Cole wrote an eye-popping piece about this in May of last year). So what, in fact, did the authors have in mind? It’s hard to say specifically, but their establishment bias, in style and intent, is clear. Maybe at this point it’s just habit. Or maybe they’re still trying to pretend that they’ve been right all along, and that we still ought to listen to them. 
To which I say: President Trump. 
Nowhere in the piece do they substantiate their own title: that Warren and Sanders would lead in the Senate. They quote a leader of Democracy for America, who makes the case that they’d be leading “the movement”; but they quote literally no one else in the Senate, and there is no mention of what specific form their leadership of the Senate might take. The title is pure, trojan clickbait; dangled to entice folks interested in Sanders and Warren (especially those who, rightly disenchanted with the establishement, might be investigating Warren and Sanders for the first time). Any who are informing themselves about Warren and Sanders for the first time would, based on this piece, start off with the view that they are extreme, petty, and their history is fraught with squabbling. No leaders to be found here; best to continue to trust the political establishment, and those who (like the authors) are here to tell you all about it. 
We need to hold such examples of failed journalism up to scrutiny; those of us who have followed the election closely know this kind of smear piece, in support of establishment ideals and efforts, put us in this position. They don’t serve the public good; they don’t report accurately on events; and they certainly will be of no help in stopping the oligarchs’ agenda. You can’t stop the oligarchy if you are carrying water for its creatures, and making baseless attacks upon those who oppose it – however sublte, or couched in orthodoxy. In fact, mindless allegiance to that orthodoxy is the heart of the problem. 
We can’t afford it any more. There must be no place for such blind, pro-establishment partisanship, in governance or reportage. Any news source that misrepresents information to serve the establishment must be revealed and rebuked. 
There’s just no more time. 
This work is licensed under an Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License 3.5 ·",0
6744,Charleston Jury Gets Case of Officer Who Killed Walter Scott - The New York Times,"CHARLESTON, S. C.  —   They sat on the same courtroom bench, but worlds apart  —   the parents of Walter L. Scott, a black man shot to death in 2015, and Michael T. Slager, the white police officer who killed him as he fled after a traffic stop. And the arguments they heard from lawyers were just as disparate as they pleaded with jurors to settle a bitterly divisive case in their favor: for the government, a rare conviction of a police officer, and for the defense, an acquittal of an officer seen on tape shooting a fleeing man. “Our whole criminal justice system rides on the back of law enforcement,” Scarlett A. Wilson, the chief prosecutor for Charleston County, told the jury of 11 white people and a black man. “They have to be held accountable when they mess up. It is very, very rare, but it does happen. ” But Mr. Slager’s lawyer, Andrew J. Savage III, pressed jurors to resist “a false narrative”  —   that the officer malevolently opened fire toward Mr. Scott’s back on April 4, 2015, when he fled a traffic stop for a broken taillight  —   and to find that Mr. Slager had acted in  . “This shooting didn’t happen in a vacuum,” Mr. Savage said. “Mr. Scott did not get shot because he had a broken taillight. Mr. Scott was shot because of what he did on April 4. ” Jurors, who began their deliberations on Wednesday evening, must reach a unanimous decision, and they have three options if they are to avoid a mistrial: a conviction for murder, a conviction for voluntary manslaughter or an acquittal. The difference between murder and manslaughter  —   charges with vastly different potential penalties in this state  —   revolves around whether someone had “malice” toward the person who was killed. Under South Carolina law, a conviction for murder carries a prison term of 30 years to life the penalty for manslaughter is between two and 30 years in prison. Mr. Slager has also been charged in Federal District Court with violating Mr. Scott’s civil rights. Like the federal case, the state’s case, tried over four grueling weeks in a   courtroom here, turns on a matter of minutes on the Saturday before Easter last year, when Mr. Slager stopped Mr. Scott for an equipment violation. It was a stop, virtually everyone agrees, that began normally. But Mr. Scott soon decided to flee on foot  —   his family and prosecutors believe he did so because of outstanding child support obligations  —   and Mr. Slager chased him. The men became involved in a fight, and, according to Mr. Slager, who testified on Tuesday, Mr. Scott took control of the officer’s Taser, leaving him in “total fear. ” Near the end of their physical struggle, a   switched on his cellphone’s camera and began to record a video of the moments that soon rocketed into the national consciousness: when Mr. Slager fired eight shots and Mr. Scott, wounded, collapsed to the ground. Mr. Scott was at least 17 feet from Mr. Slager, and running away, when the officer began to shoot. Mr. Savage, during a presentation when he argued that Mr. Slager had been maligned by the news media, failed by his department and victimized by a shoddy investigation, said Mr. Scott had left Mr. Slager with little choice after he “made decisions to attack a police officer. ” “Should he have assumed that an unarmed man would have attacked a police officer?” Mr. Savage said of Mr. Slager, who he complained had been made a “poster boy” of alleged police misconduct because of controversial killings in other parts of the country. Ms. Wilson unambiguously and furiously denied that other cases had affected the prosecution here, and she told jurors that there could not “let your decision be based on things going on elsewhere. ” Rather, she contended, investigators had at first sided with Mr. Slager. “They bought everything he said hook, line and sinker,” she said. “They believed him until they didn’t, until they knew better. ” Winding down a criminal case that has drawn enormous attention here, Ms. Wilson accused Mr. Savage of relying on a    defense strategy she said was intended to confuse jurors and shift blame for Mr. Scott’s death. The defense’s approach, she argued, could be summarized simply: “Look at everything else  —   everybody else  —   but don’t look at that video. ” She said that Mr. Slager, who is now 35, had embellished the nature of his confrontation with Mr. Scott, who was 50. She characterized one of Mr. Slager’s wounds, cited by his lawyers as evidence of a   struggle, as “a glorified paper cut,” and she hailed the role that video had played in the case. “Thank goodness we have a camera,” she said, “because it’s not just memory that matters. ” Eventually, as Ms. Wilson neared the end of her argument, she played the video of the shooting again. As the eight shots echoed the courtroom one last time, Mr. Scott’s parents, still in their seats, embraced, looking away from the killing.",0
6745,A Worrisome Pileup of $100 Million Homes - The New York Times,"One of the latest symbols of the overinflated luxury housing market is a pink mansion perched above the Mediterranean on the French Riviera. The    property, built and owned by the fashion magnate Pierre Cardin, is composed of giant terra cotta orbs arranged in a sprawling hive. The home’s name befits its price. “Le Palais Bulles,” or “the Bubble Palace,” is being offered for sale at approximately $450 million. The listing is part of a global pileup of homes listed for $100 million or more. A record 27 properties with   prices are officially for sale, according to Christie’s International Real Estate. That is up from 19 last year and about a dozen in 2014. If you add in   “whisper listings” that are offered privately, brokers say the actual number of   listings worldwide could easily top 40 or 50. “It’s a bumper crop,” said Dan Conn, chief executive of Christie’s International Real Estate. “It’s just a new world in terms of what people are building and offering for sale. ” The rise in   real estate listings comes just as sales of luxury real estate have cooled. Many say the sudden surge in hyperprice homes  —   often built and sold by speculative investors  —   is the ultimate bubble signal. “When you have a record number of homes for sale at a price point of $100 million or more, that tells you these homes aren’t selling,” said Jonathan Miller, president of Miller Samuel Inc. a real estate appraisal and research firm. “It’s not as deep a market as some might hope. ” Last year, only two homes in the world sold for over $100 million, according to Christie’s. One was a    house in Hong Kong purchased for $193 million by Jack Ma, the chief of Alibaba. The other was a townhouse in London that sold for $132 million. This year, a ranch in Texas went on the market for $700 million and a home in Dallas listed for $100 million. Both sold, but the actual sale prices have not been disclosed. The last time a sudden pop in $100   listings occurred was in 2007 and 2008, just before the housing crash. In 2008, at least four homes in the world listed for nine figures. Only one ended up selling for close to that. A mansion in Palm Beach owned by Donald Trump and listed for $100 million sold for $95 million. (Mr. Trump says it sold for $100 million.) A   mansion in Surrey, England, called Updown Court, was listed for $138 million, but sold in 2011 for about $50 million. A log mansion planned for the Yellowstone Club in Montana, with a promised price of $155 million, was never built, and the land sold for $10 million. Of course, anyone can slap a $100 million price tag on a home to get attention. Yet actual sales of   homes are rare, even in good times. Between 2011 and 2016, only 15 homes in the world have sold for $100 million or more, according to Christies, and five of those were in 2014. “The era of aspirational pricing is over, and I’m not sure it ever really worked,” Mr. Miller said. “These prices get headlines, but the properties just don’t sell. ” Brokers promoting the listings say their properties are     masterpieces  —   like Picassos or Modiglianis  —   that rarely come on the market. They add that the more than 1, 800 billionaires in the world see property as a safer store of wealth than stocks or art. Mr. Conn estimates that of the 27   listings, a third will sell for under $100 million, a third will sell for around $100 million and a third for far more. “I don’t think it’s a sign of a bubble,” Mr. Conn said. “It’s a sign of growing wealth in the world and the quality of some of the new construction. ” Yet the market for megamansions and penthouses has cooled significantly in the last year. Prices for homes in the top 5 percent of the real estate market fell 1. 1 percent in the first quarter of 2016, according to Redfin. Prices for the rest of the housing market increased 4. 7 percent. Brokers say the very top of the market  —   consisting of   and   homes  —   is faring the worst as slowing economies overseas and volatile stock markets have spooked buyers. The supply of homes for the rich exploded as builders aimed at the high end after the financial crisis. Of the 10 most expensive listings in the world, seven are in the United States and four of these are in Los Angeles. The most expensive listing in the world is the $500 million compound being built in the Bel Air neighborhood of Los Angeles by Nile Niami, a film producer and speculative builder. The property will have a    main house, a   garage and a “  casino. ” In nearby Holmby Hills, a more modest    mansion, built by the investor and developer Gala Asher, came on the market in April for $150 million. The ultramodern house, on the prestigious Carolwood Drive, has a    master suite and a club level with bar, dance floor, wine room, lap pool, theater complex, beauty parlor and massage rooms. The property also includes several guesthouses and staff housing. The broker, Ginger Glass, said the price of the property was justified. “Buyers today want new construction,” she said. “And there isn’t anything that’s new like this in such a great location. ” Still more   homes are on the way. Real estate agents and developers say a home under construction in Bel Air is likely to have more than 50, 000 square feet of living space, with finishes rivaling a superyacht’s. The price will be   too, at around $300 million. Among the home’s amenities: the world’s largest safe.",0
6746,The “Blacks For Trump” Guy Is An Ex-Cult Member Who Thinks Obama Is The Devil,"  
Republican nominee Donald Trump has been strategically placing certain people behind his him at rallies to create a false illusion about the diversity of his supporters. You may have noticed a man holding a “BLACKS FOR TRUMP” sign behind the racist rabble-rouser at his events, with a website URL “GODS2.com” underneath it. If you’ve wondered just what kind of black Americans could bring themselves to support Trump or if this election could get any weirder, well, hold on to your seat. 
The man holding the sign is “Michael the Black Man,” also known as Maurice Woodside or Michael Symonette. LittleGreenFootballs did some research and discovered that Michael isn’t your ordinary concerned citizen. He’s a former member of a murderous cult , Yahweh ben Yahweh, led by preacher Hulon Mitchell Jr. 
Michael, along with 15 other Yahweh followers, was charged for allegedly conspiring in two murders; his brother, who was also in the cult, told jurors that Michael had helped beat one man who was later killed and stuck a sharpened stick into another man’s eyeball. But jurors found Michael (and six other Yahweh followers) innocent. They sent Mitchell away for 20 years in the federal pen. 
Michael later reinvented himself as a radio host and an anti-gay, anti-Obama preacher and soon found himself in the spotlight at Republican events, whose organizers were delighted to have found another person of color to attack Obama without being obviously racist. His website, GODS2.com, is filled with the delusional, vaguely anti-Semitic rantings of a madman, homages to Yahweh, and assertions that . 
This may not mean much in the long run, but it’s worth pointing out just how outrageous the hypocrisy of the Trump campaign is. Trump attacked Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton when the father of the Orlando nightclub shooter appeared in the stands behind her at a rally out of chance, accusing her of associating with the father of a deranged murderer – but this man is actually being planted behind Trump because of his skin color.",0
6747,"Yesterday, Outraged by Apple’s Tax Dodge. Today, by Its Tax Bill. - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   American lawmakers have for years been assailing companies for dodging taxes with overseas maneuvers. But now that the European Union has done something about it by trying to wrest billions of dollars from Apple, those officials have offered a response viewed by many as rife with hypocrisy: collective outrage. Tax avoidance has become a lightning rod as the presidential campaign has taken on a strong populist cast, and leading Republicans and Democrats in Congress have demanded that companies be forced to pay their fair share. Both Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump have vowed to crack down on deals that allow companies to relocate their headquarters overseas to lower their tax bills, and the Treasury Department has made limiting international loopholes a priority. Despite all that, Apple  —   a company long accused of being overly creative at avoiding taxes  —   now has the federal government standing up for it after the European Union’s executive commission ordered Ireland on Tuesday to collect $14. 5 billion in taxes from the company. And for at least some American politicians, the anger stems from a simple calculation: The tax money that the European Union extracts from Apple should be going to the United States Treasury, not that they have figured out how to make that happen. “It’s remarkable to think that the administration has been flying over to Brussels on taxpayers’ dollars to lobby the European Union against collecting taxes owed in Europe when they’re not collecting the taxes owed here,” said Clark Gascoigne, deputy director of the Financial Accountability and Corporate Transparency Coalition. “It’s terribly ironic. ” Most lawmakers and business groups do not see it that way. They defended Apple by arguing that the European Union was overstepping its authority and reinterpreting international tax law to unfairly penalize the company. Some called it a new brand of protectionism. The Treasury Department said the ruling was “deeply troubling. ” The Business Roundtable, a lobbying organization for America’s largest companies, called the move a “reckless and dramatic overreach” and an “act of aggression” against a company and a sovereign government. In Congress, lawmakers in both parties have urged the Treasury Department to be tougher on European officials as they aggressively investigate what they call undue tax benefits given by member nations to leading American companies. Members of the Senate Finance Committee sent a letter in May to Jacob J. Lew, the Treasury secretary, urging him to consider retaliation that would include doubling taxes on companies and individuals in Europe. The European Commission “is using a theory to make tax law, is doing it in a way that is retroactive and that overrides national tax law authority, in our view,” Mr. Lew said Wednesday at a Brookings Institution event previewing this weekend’s meeting in China of the Group of 20 largest industrial economies. He pushed back against the idea that Treasury is condoning tax evasion, saying legislation that prevents companies from parking income overseas to avoid being taxed in the United States “will see action probably not in my tenure but early in the next administration. ” The European Commission’s ruling has even managed to forge a rare moment of agreement between the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, Republican of Wisconsin, and Senator Chuck Schumer, a New York Democrat who is likely to become the next leader of his party in the Senate. “This decision is awful,” Mr. Ryan said in a statement. “Slamming a company with a giant tax bill  —   years after the fact  —   sends exactly the wrong message to job creators on both sides of the Atlantic. ” Mr. Schumer said in an interview that he and Mr. Ryan had been discussing possibilities for a corporate tax overhaul for next year. He said he was optimistic about the prospect of requiring corporate money to return to the United States at a lower tax rate, with some of the proceeds being used to fund a large investment in infrastructure. The action taken by the European Union, he said, should be an impetus to get moving on such legislation. “The European Union is going to grab this money, instead of the U. S.,” Mr. Schumer said. “It’s a big signpost here for us. Let’s get moving. ” He added: “We’re trying to protect our U. S. tax base. That money sitting over there should be here in the U. S. not in Ireland and not in the E. U. ” The bipartisan “consensus” that the corporate tax rate should be cut in exchange for loopholes closures emerged in President Obama’s first term, yet Congress has not formally drafted a bill, much less voted on one. Tax experts said that without a deep cut in the tax rate, companies like Apple would be better off paying back taxes in Europe than repatriating their overseas cash. “This is not taking 13 billion euros out of the U. S. Treasury’s pocket and U. S. taxpayers’ pocket and putting it into Europe,” said Jeffery M. Kadet, a tax lecturer at the University of Washington School of Law. “They wouldn’t be bringing this money back to the U. S. anyway. ” Reuven S.   who directs the international taxation program at the University of Michigan Law School, said that the European Union had a strong case for collecting the taxes from Apple and that if the situation were reversed, Americans would be clamoring to collect taxes from a foreign company. “Just because it happens to be an American company, to say that the European Union should not take action, I think, is the height of hypocrisy,” Mr.   said. While most lawmakers condemned the treatment of Apple, one prominent former senator said he was pleased to see Europe take action. Carl M. Levin, Democrat of Michigan, who was chairman of the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations when it examined Apple’s use of tax havens in 2013, said the European Commission should fill the vacuum left by lackadaisical tax enforcement in the United States. “The royalties Apple collects for its overseas sales of products designed and developed in the U. S. should be taxed in the U. S.,” Mr. Levin said. “But Apple has avoided the billions of dollars of taxes it owes the U. S. by transferring its intellectual property to itself in Ireland. ” Blaming Apple and the Internal Revenue Service, he added, “When Apple used those tax avoidance schemes, it is understandable that Europe would try to go after them. ” It remains to be seen if corporate tax reform will be a priority for the next administration, but the language used by both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump on the campaign trail suggests that it is a strong possibility. Mrs. Clinton has released a formal proposal to prevent   corporate inversions and to reward companies that keep their operations in the United States. Mr. Trump, who has called for a boycott of Apple products, has threatened to punish companies that relocate to other countries by imposing taxes on products they sell in the United States. The news that a corporate giant might have evaded billions of dollars in taxes could become another populist rallying cry. “There’s a reason Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders did so well in the campaign this year,” Mr. Gascoigne, of the Financial Accountability and Corporate Transparency Coalition, said. “People are fed up with the kinds of   deals that are happening at the large multinational companies at the expense of the American people. ”",0
6748,Statins confirmed to cause Parkinson's,"Thu, 27 Oct 2016 09:10 UTC A new large study presented at the American Neurological Association Annual Meeting has found a strong connection between cholesterol-lowering medications and Parkinson's disease. Contradicting previous claims that statins are protective against PD. In recent years there has been a considerable effort to try to find new applications for statins. Reports have tried to link statins with positive results on a wide range of conditions, such as: Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, Cancer, Multiple Sclerosis and Depression. These claims have been somewhat surprising considering that the brain and nervous system have the highest requirements for cholesterol and low cholesterol levels are associated with cognition problems, increased suicide, and an increased risk for some types of cancer . Many people have suspected that the data is being carefully cherry picked in an attempt to show a false benefit and expand the use of statins into other areas. In the new study, researchers analysed data from the MarketScan Commercial Claims and Encounters database - including information on 30,343,035 persons aged 40 to 65 years. The use of cholesterol-lowering drugs was associated with a significantly higher prevalence of Parkinson's disease. This is not the first time that we have seen an absence of the predicted benefits of statins in real life data. For example, a large study in 2011 collected data from 289 of 290 municipalities in Sweden and found that the predicted benefits of statins had not materialised, despite a dramatic increase in statin use. An important finding of this new study is that all of the cholesterol lowering drugs included were associated with an increased risk of PD. Suggesting that the harms of the drugs could be directly related to the cholesterol-lowering effect. This adds to the mountain of data that now exists to show that having a low level of cholesterol is worse than having a high level. Sources Nilsson, S et al. No connection between the level of exposition to statins in the population and the incidence/ mortality of acute myocardial infarction: An ecological study based on Sweden's municipalities. Journal of Negative Results in BioMedicine 2011, 10:6 Comment: It doesn't come as a surprise:",0
6749,"Now That Obamacare's Imploding, Trump Says He Was Always Against It. Here's What He Said When It Passed","Getty - Chip Somodevilla The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
In case you missed the political advertisement for Obamacare, it was touted as the “Affordable Care Act.” 
Here are Democrats hyping the program, which the Obamacare architect described as a pathway to single-payer : 
Not too long ago, another fan of single-payer healthcare was Donald Trump. But don't take our word for it, look no further than the unofficial Trump campaign arm Breitbart.com for evidence . As Trump said in September 2015: 
Scott Pelley: Universal health care. 
Donald Trump: I am going to take care of everybody. I don’t care if it costs me votes or not. Everybody’s going to be taken care of much better than they’re taken care of now. 
In 1999, Trump was perfectly clear , as reported by Newsmax: 
“I said I’m conservative, generally speaking, I’m conservative, and even very conservative,” Trump told King in response to a question about a “patients' bill of rights,” reports BuzzFeed. 
“But I’m quite liberal and getting much more liberal on healthcare and other things. I really say: What’s the purpose of a country if you’re not going to have defensive and healthcare?” he told King. ""If you can’t take care of your sick in the country, forget it, it’s all over. I mean, it’s no good. 
“So I’m very liberal when it comes to healthcare. I believe in universal healthcare. I believe in whatever it takes to make people well and better.” 
After Obamacare passed, Trump sat down for an interview on HLN. This is what he had to say, as noted by The Washington Examiner: 
“Number one, as a human being, I like to see people — it's inconceivable that, you know, people are sick, like you get sick, or I get sick, or the kids get sick, and you bring 'em to a doctor, inconceivable that, you know, 31 or 33 million people can't do that,” Trump told host Joy Behar. “So on one level, I think something had to be done.” 
Trump continued, saying the law is “really going to cost a lot of money in terms of competitiveness with this country” and said it would cost a friend's company “over $200 million a year.” 
Here is what Trump recently tweeted: Obamacare is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal & replace! #ObamacareFail pic.twitter.com/5CvoMbVceT — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 25, 2016 
Did Trump say it was a “disaster from the beginning,” or “on one level, I think something had to be done”? 
Perhaps, we turn to another tweet he had, drawing on the popular hashtag #ObamaCareInThreeWords: REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! #ObamaCareInThreeWords — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 25, 2016 
It turns out that Donald Trump is a fan of “repeal and replace,” but his political track record before he ran for president as a Republican shows that what he means by that is “single-payer”—the goal of the Obamacare architect all along. 
When it comes to Trump's solution for Obamacare—making it more competitive for insurance companies—this runs antithetical to the goal of single-payer, which is the government (i.e. taxpayers) paying for everyone. 
One can draw their own conclusions about what Trump actually means right now, because no one can be one hundred percent sure. Yet for a man who styled himself as an outsider and not at all like a “politician,” his statements on Obamacare show himself very much to be similar to one. ",0
6750,What the Email Inquiry Says About Washington and Its Secrets - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   When the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, announced the bureau’s findings in its investigation of Hillary Clinton’s personal email server, he revealed something that, while cloaked in opaque technical language, helped to answer a question long at the heart of this controversy: Just how sensitive was the information in those emails? Of the   emails the bureau reviewed, 113 were determined to “contain classified information at the time they were sent or received,” he said. Another 2, 000 or so emails were retroactively “  to make them confidential. ” Those 113 emails, according to the investigation, contain information that was sensitive enough to be automatically considered classified the moment it was sent. This finding seems to suggest that a small number of Mrs. Clinton’s emails did include government secrets. This helps to explain why Mr. Comey, despite recommending no criminal charges against Mrs. Clinton, rebuked her and her team as “extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information. ” At the same time, the far larger share of 2, 000 other emails considered “ ” do not fall into this category  —   and speak to   criticisms that Washington has a problem with overclassifying banal information. These designations shed light on the nature of the information in Mrs. Clinton’s emails and on the debate around them. There is a reason that Mr. Comey dwelled on the 113 emails (a few of which had included classified markings, he said) detailing their provenance  —   110 came from 52 email chains included in the files originally submitted to the F. B. I. three from emails the bureau found by other means  —   and their classification level. First, it seems to contradict Mrs. Clinton’s statements. “I did not send classified material, and I did not receive any material that was marked or designated classified,” she said in August 2015, though Mr. Comey said Tuesday that a few of the emails did bear such markings. Second, Mr. Comey revealed that the information in those emails was sensitive enough to be what is officially known as “born classified,” a technical but highly meaningful distinction. This doesn’t mean that there was a State Department officer standing over Mrs. Clinton’s shoulder classifying emails as they came in or went out. Rather, it means those emails contained information that was obtained through classified channels or generated in ways that make it automatically classified. For example, if Mrs. Clinton took notes on comments that a foreign ambassador made to her in confidence, then this information would probably be “born classified” because of how it was gathered. This practice dates to a 1946 law called the Atomic Energy Act, which established, among other things, that all information pertaining to the development of nuclear weapons would be automatically considered classified. That designation now extends far beyond nuclear issues, but it is still considered an important metric for information that should be treated with secrecy. Mr. Comey, in detailing the classification levels, seemed to drive this home. Eight of the reviewed email chains contained information deemed “top secret,” the highest level of secrecy, the bureau found. Another 37 contained information that was designated “secret,” and the final 10 were “confidential,” the lowest level. This does not necessarily mean that Mrs. Clinton was copying and pasting information from   C. I. A. reports  —   the designation can reflect how information was gathered as much as it does its content. Several of Mrs. Clinton’s classified emails were related to the C. I. A. ’s covert drone program in Pakistan, which has been widely reported in the news media. But the “born classified” designation is meaningful, indicating that the source of the information is so sensitive that the government assumes significant harm if it emerges. Mr. Comey seemed to suggest that handling such information on a personal email server reflected a significant error of judgment. “Even if information is not marked ‘classified’ in an email, participants who know or should know that the subject matter is classified are still obligated to protect it,” he said, warning that the State Department was “lacking in the kind of care for classified information found elsewhere in the government. ” Then there are the other   emails that Mr. Comey described as “” which he said meant that “the information in those had not been classified at the time the emails were sent. ” This is a much murkier category. While it is difficult to judge these emails without reading them, “ ” often has less to do with a document’s contents than it does with Washington’s   habit of overclassification  —   a problem distinct from Mrs. Clinton’s email practices. American classification practices, which are not governed by any one set of rules, have been criticized by virtually everyone who has encountered them, including the people tasked with their management. Classification is determined by “a series of bureaucratic fiefdoms” operating under “a hodgepodge of laws, regulations and directives,” J. William Leonard, then the head of the federal office that oversees classification, said in 2003. The result, critics say, is that government information is routinely classified with little regard for its actual sensitivity. This is driven less by secrecy than by bureaucratic disarray, which is why national security officials have often led efforts at reform. A member of the   Commission, Richard   warned Congress in 2005 that overclassification had to be reduced to prevent another attack. “Information has to flow more freely,” he said. “Much more information needs to be declassified. A great deal of information should never be classified at all. ” While subsequent legislation has tried to address this problem, many of the system’s core contradictions remain. That often comes through in the process of “ . ” For example, a document might begin as unclassified but later pass through an office that handles state secrets. Or a piece of information that is banal on its own might later be referred to in a classified report, making that piece of information also classified. Or a document might be unclassified according to the rules of the agency that created it, but become classified by another agency that uses it. This is why some Clinton allies have argued that her emails may have been deemed classified not because they contained sensitive information but because they had been swept up in routine Washington overclassification. The fact that so many of the reviewed emails were “ ” rather than “born classified” seems to support this argument. Still, those 113 “born classified” emails, even if they are a very small proportion of the total, speak to Mr. Comey’s charge that Mrs. Clinton, in some instances, “should have known that an unclassified system was no place for that conversation. ”",0
6751,Exclusive: Dem Senator’s Private Email Hacked,"Exclusive: Dem Senator’s Private Email Hacked DCLeaks obtains emails of Colorado Democratic Senator Andy Kerr Mikael Thalen - October 27, 2016 Comments 
Infowars has exclusively learned that the email account of Colorado Democratic Senator Andy Kerr has been hacked. 
The emails, shown to Infowars by the website DCLeaks, include hundreds of discussions from March 2015 to July 2016 – with one email concerning 2015 marijuana legislation oddly claiming to be from December of 2000. 
Taken from Kerr’s Gmail account, the emails, which are currently password protected, mostly surround requests and comments by Kerr’s constituents on a wide range of political topics. 
Speaking with Infowars, David Pourshoushtari, communications director for the Colorado State Senate Democrats, said Kerr was unaware of the hack but that the senator declined to provide an official statement until the situation could be assessed. 
While the exact reasoning behind the hack is currently unknown, Kerr may have been targeted as part of the same hacking campaign that compromised the emails of other political figures including Clinton campaign Chairman John Podesta. 
It is also unclear whether Kerr, like Podesta, fell victim to a phishing attack that would have resulted in the senator putting his email password into a fake Google login page. 
Earlier this month the former Chief of Protocol of the United States, Capricia Marshall, who was one of Clinton’s insiders at the State Department, similarly had her emails appear on DCLeaks. 
The website also made headlines in August after publishing hundreds of documents connected to billionaire donor George Soros. 
According to the U.S. government and many in the cybersecurity community , Russian state hackers are responsible for the recent spate of election season hacks. DCLeaks has similarly been accused of being a publishing front for the Russian government. NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars Crew. Related Articles",0
6752,Ferguson Protest Leader Darren Seals Found Dead in Vehicle - The New York Times,"The body of an activist from St. Louis who led protests about the fatal police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo. in 2014 was found with a gunshot wound in the charred remains of a vehicle on Tuesday morning, according to the police and news accounts. The activist, Darren Seals, 29, was found inside the vehicle on Diamond Drive in Riverview in St. Louis County around 1:50 a. m. the St. Louis County Police Department said in a statement. The vehicle had been on fire and he was found after the flames were extinguished. The police said Mr. Seals had lived at an address on Millburn Drive in St. Louis, about 12 miles from where his body was found. The case is being investigated as a homicide by the department’s Bureau of Crimes Against Persons. The motive for the killing was unknown. The police identified Mr. Seals as Daren Seals, although other records listed the spelling of his first name as Darren, The St. Louis   reported. On his Twitter account, Mr. Seals described himself as a businessman, revolutionary, activist and “Unapologetically BLACK, Afrikan in AmeriKKKa, Fighter, Leader. ” He helped lead protests after Mr. Brown, an unarmed black teenager, was shot and killed on Aug. 9, 2014, by Darren Wilson, a white police officer, in Ferguson, a suburb of St. Louis. The shooting prompted protests that roiled the area for weeks. On Nov. 24, 2014, the St. Louis County prosecutor announced that a grand jury had decided not to indict Mr. Wilson. That announcement set off another wave of protests. In an interview with MTV. com, Mr. Seals described the night the grand jury announcement was made. He said he was with Mr. Brown’s mother and some friends outside the Ferguson Police Department. He said the decision not to indict the officer was “the ultimate slap in the face. ” “And for Mike Brown’s mother to be right there in my arms crying  —   she literally cried in my arms  —   it was like I felt her soul crying,” he said. “It’s a different type of crying. I’ve seen people crying, but she was really hurt. And it hurt me. It hurt all of us. ” Mr. Seals led protests with the group Hands Up United, which was organizing a campaign called Polls Ova Police, which sought to use this year’s elections to challenge police policies. “The broken systems and policies that police enforce must be challenged,” the project said on its website. “We will not vote in favor of any candidate partnering with those who are not fighting for Black life. Polls Ova Police is the war cry of this generation. ” On Twitter, supporters paid tribute to Mr. Seals on Tuesday:",0
6753,"Scandals Embroil Alabama Governor, Speaker and Chief Justice - The New York Times","MONTGOMERY, Ala.  —   In the state capital these days, anybody who is anybody is either being investigated or being questioned about someone who is. The chief justice of the state’s Supreme Court has been hit with ethics charges for defying federal courts on   marriage, and could be removed from his seat. The governor, caught on tape engaging in salacious banter, apparently with his powerful chief adviser, is facing criminal investigations and calls for impeachment. That the governor’s racy phone calls became public at all is because of what may be the most significant and sweeping crisis of the lot: the impending trial of the Alabama House speaker, Michael G. Hubbard, described by friends and foes as the most powerful man in state politics. Of the trifecta of calamities plaguing Alabama’s branches of government, it is Mr. Hubbard’s felony corruption trial starting this week that may rattle the state the most. The potential witness list, reflecting Mr. Hubbard’s   approach to politics, is a lineup of the state’s power elite, including bank executives, construction magnates, legislators, lobbyists, former Gov. Bob Riley and, promising a   day of testimony, the current governor, Robert Bentley. Mr. Hubbard and Mr. Bentley have vigorously denied wrongdoing, and Chief Justice Roy S. Moore, who was removed from the same position in 2003 for refusing to move a   monument of the Ten Commandments from the state judicial building, insists that the ethics charges he is facing are without merit. “Start with Lord Acton and the famous axiom that power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely,” said Wayne Flynt, a retired professor of history at Auburn University. “Alabama has had a seamless transition from Democratic   rule and synonymous corruption to Republican   rule and synonymous corruption. ” Power in Alabama is centralized by design. The state Constitution requires legislatively approved amendments for matters as trivial as local traffic laws, resulting in what has been described as the longest constitution in the world. Consolidating things further, Alabama has nearly always been a   state. For more than a century, that party was the Democrats and major political decisions were hashed out among the party’s leaders and its major donors. “When I first moved here, an older lawyer friend told me there were 4, 000 people in Alabama and four million extras,” said David Mowery, a political consultant in Montgomery. Republicans railed against the Democratic leadership as a      network, and few did so more vehemently than Mr. Hubbard, an executive in the broadcasting and media business. Denouncing “corruption, crime and cronyism at the highest levels of state government,” Mr. Hubbard created a sophisticated  —   some have said legally questionable  —     machine to win control of the State House in 2010. Chairman of both the State Republican Party and the House caucus, he conscripted candidates  —   bank employees, foresters, waste haulers  —   and determined where campaign money should be spent. In November 2010, the Republicans not only took over the State House for the first time in 136 years, they won a supermajority, winning every court race on the ballot and every statewide office. Mr. Bentley, a dermatologist and   legislator, was elected governor. Mr. Hubbard was unanimously elected speaker of the House, where his first priority was to pass an ethics law described as among the strongest in the country. Four years later, Mr. Hubbard was indicted on a charge of violating that ethics law, accused of using his positions as speaker and party chairman to solicit work and investments for his own financial interest by steering campaign work to his business interests and pushing bills that helped his consulting clients. That his moneymaking plans were running into the ethics law he helped pass is something he is shown lamenting in private emails released by prosecutors. “Who proposed those things? !” he wrote, apparently jokingly, to Mr. Riley, the former governor. “What were we thinking?” He would eventually argue in court that the ethics law was unconstitutional. Still, Mr. Hubbard remains the speaker and enjoys steadfast support in the House. This is in part because Democrats and their backers have been almost completely frozen out of state politics. But Mr. Flynt and others say there is more to it than the lack of competition. The speed and scale of the Republican takeover brought into power a class of politicians inexperienced with total control, some with no political experience at all. There was little   infrastructure in the party beyond what Mr. Hubbard and his allies put together at one point, he suggested the creation of a “shadow party,” something that would be effectively achieved by way of political action committees. “Hubbard’s problems permeated the whole Legislature,” said Arthur Payne, a former Republican state representative. “The majority felt like they owed their allegiance to him rather than the people of Alabama. ” Mr. Hubbard’s partisans say it is not the speaker who has had Alabama under his sway, but the deputy state attorney general who is prosecuting him: Matt Hart, a hulking man with a background in military intelligence and a reputation for a bludgeoning approach. Even some critics of Mr. Hubbard have denounced Mr. Hart’s tactics, though almost no one wants to do so publicly. “He knows bullying,” said Sonny Reagan, a former deputy attorney general. “Matt Hart approaches his cases like the U. S. military approaches ISIS. ” Mr. Reagan serves as a good example of the breadth of disarray in Montgomery, which has spread even to the watchdogs. A dispute with Mr. Hart over office space blew up into formal complaints about his methods and motivations in the Hubbard case this led ultimately to the resignation of Mr. Reagan, a former adviser in the Riley administration, who was accused of trying to sabotage the prosecution. Such disorders have been a regular feature of the year and a half leading to Mr. Hubbard’s trial. The latest was in February, when a political operative in Montgomery asserted that Mr. Hart had been leaking apparent grand jury details to create a “whisper campaign” against Mr. Hubbard. Mr. Hart, who referred to the operative as a “  confidential informant,” produced an affidavit from Spencer Collier, the former head of the Alabama Law Enforcement Agency, saying that agents had looked into the accusations of grand jury leaks and found no basis for an investigation. But the governor, according to Mr. Collier, had not approved of this affidavit. When Mr. Collier provided it to prosecutors anyway, Mr. Bentley ordered him to take a leave of absence and soon after fired him, citing “possible misuse of state dollars. ” Mr. Collier then came forward with a public announcement: Mr. Bentley had been having an affair with Rebekah Caldwell Mason, his principal adviser. And with that, the state immediately had not one, but two blockbuster scandals. Jury selection in Mr. Hubbard’s trial begins Monday. Impeachment proceedings against Mr. Bentley have gone slowly, though scrutiny is intensifying of nonprofits and businesses connected with Ms. Mason, a powerful figure in the administration. Federal investigators have been conducting interviews around Montgomery, and Mr. Bentley has acknowledged that the attorney general’s office is also at work. The attorney general might also prosecute Judge Moore at his ethics hearing, further winding an already tortuous vortex. Mr. Bentley could be called on to replace Judge Moore, who could preside over the impeachment of Mr. Bentley, which could be recommended by the House under Mr. Hubbard, who if found guilty, could eventually have an appeal before Judge Moore’s court. Allen Farley, a Republican state representative, is skeptical that much will change in Montgomery, saying that special interests have always been the power behind both parties. But there is a chance, he believes, that over the next few weeks all of it will blow up. “When the prosecution starts,” said Mr. Farley, “there could be a meltdown of enormous proportions in Alabama politics. ”",0
6754,Search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Is Called Off After Nearly 3 Years - The New York Times,"HONG KONG  —   Almost three years after Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared with 239 people on board, officials said on Tuesday that they had called off the underwater search for the plane, ensuring that one of the great aviation mysteries will remain unsolved for the foreseeable future. The decision, which had been expected, indefinitely suspends an intensive   search in the southern Indian Ocean for remnants of the plane, a Boeing 777. The underwater search turned up no traces of the aircraft, although pieces of debris were found as far away as Tanzania. Flight 370 disappeared on the way from Kuala Lumpur, the Malaysian capital, to Beijing on March 8, 2014, prompting the largest and costliest search in aviation history. Investigators determined that the plane veered off course and flew south for several hours, for reasons that remain unknown. “Today the last search vessel has left the underwater search area,” the governments of Australia, China and Malaysia, the three countries that oversaw the search, said in a joint statement on Tuesday. “Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has not been located in the    underwater search area in the southern Indian Ocean,” a zone of more than 46, 000 square miles. “Despite every effort using the best science available,   technology, as well as modeling and advice from highly skilled professionals who are the best in their field, unfortunately, the search has not been able to locate the aircraft,” the statement said. “Accordingly, the underwater search for MH370 has been suspended. ” At a news conference in Sydney on Wednesday, Australia’s prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, said, “We grieve with the families of the victims and we share their deep disappointment that the plane has not been found. ” “There has been a massive search. It is an unprecedented search,” Mr. Turnbull added. “It has been conducted with the best advice over the areas that were identified as the most likely to find the location of the airplane. ” The decision drew sharp rebukes from relatives of the missing. “It is incomprehensible that they would give up right now,” a sobbing Grace Nathan, 28, whose mother, Anne Daisy, was on the flight, said in a telephone interview from Kuala Lumpur. “I can’t imagine living the rest of my life accepting that people just disappeared into thin air. ” Investigators have several theories about what happened. They believe that the plane ran out of fuel, and one theory holds that the pilots tried to make an emergency landing at sea. It has also been suggested that one or both pilots lost control of the aircraft, that one was a rogue pilot, or that the plane was hijacked. What investigators do know from radar and satellite communications data is that the plane made several turns, then flew south for five hours. That information led them to concentrate the search along a   arc from which the plane most likely sent its last signal. The first phase of the search, lasting 52 days, was conducted from the air, covering 1. 7 million square miles and involving 334 search flights. Australia, China and Malaysia have said since July that the search would end if the plane were not found. China is involved because 153 of the passengers on the plane were Chinese. In December, investigators said they may have been looking too far south and recommended expanding the search zone. But the Australian government said that without more credible evidence on a specific location, the search, which cost a total of $150 million, would be called off this month. “We remain hopeful that new information will come to light and that at some point in the future the aircraft will be located,” the statement on Tuesday said. About 20 pieces of debris believed to be from the missing jet have been recovered, including a wing part, known as a flaperon, that was found on Réunion Island, east of Madagascar, in July 2015. That location, combined with analysis of ocean currents, supported the theory that the plane had crashed in the southern Indian Ocean. The end of the search appeared to dash the last hopes of victims’ relatives. “There have been so many similar incidents and people were always able to find something,” said Liu Jiani, whose grandparents, Chinese citizens, were on the plane. “Why has nothing been found?”",0
6755,"“Mommy am I Going To Die?” Mom Calls 911 For Paramedic, Cop Shows Up, Shoots 4 Year Old Daughter","Whiten Your Face By Using One Ingredient Wrinkles Will Disappear Ξ [November 2, 2016] BLOG “Mommy am I Going To Die?” Mom Calls 911 For Paramedic, Cop Shows Up, Shoots 4 Year Old Daughter posted by Eddie A mother’s attempt to get medical help for a cut on her arm turned into a nightmare after a trigger happy cop showed up. The dramatic 9-1-1 recordings were just published, detailing this insane incident that happened back in June. The nightmare began after Andrea Ellis had cut her arm on some glass and her sister dialed 9-1-1 for medical help. “She’s bleeding all over the place!” her sister said in the call. “I need a paramedic!” As she was on the call, her sister saw a police officer nearby and called him over for help. “Sir, can you get me a paramedic?! I need a paramedic here!” she said. According to the report by Inside Edition: But as the cop approached the house , events took a horrific turn. Cops said the family pet – a boxer terrier mix named Patches, charged at the officer. The cop fired his gun, and the bullet hit Andrea’s four-year-old daughter, Ava, in the leg, shattering the bone. “She asked me several times, ‘Mommy, am I gonna die?’” Andrea Ellis told INSIDE EDITION. The next 9-1-1 call would come from Ellis’ neighbor to report the cop shooting a child. “ My neighbor across the street had an officer at her door and she’s screaming that he shot a child,” said the neighbor. “They had started to cut her pants off her and I just see blood everywhere,” her mother said, describing the horrific scene. Luckily, the bullet didn’t hit Ava a few inches higher in the stomach, which could’ve proved fatal . The shot did, however, shatter her bone. The officer involved has not been disciplined , but the Columbus police department assures the public that the incident is under investigation. Source:",0
6756,Venezuelans Facing Severe Food Shortages and Malnutrition Turn to Urban Farming,"Venezuela is currently in an economic collapse . Food shortages have driven the now 83% of Venezuelans that live in cities to grow their own produce as a means of survival. Socialist President Nicolás Maduro’s calls for “food sovereignty,” meaning that he wants urban people to start small farms and raise chickens in their homes in order to feed themselves, but his policies have only caused economic depravity, resulting in starvation and homelessness throughout the country. To add insult to injury, many believe these urban “ victory gardens ” will fail due to the lack of gardening skills urban dwellers possess.
Learn about the 7 Laws of Gardening Too Little Too Late? Venezuelans think Maduro’s strategy is a sorry excuse for a solution to solve the country’s dire food shortages and crippling inflation. Critics of Venezuelan economic policies have taken to social media to accuse government officials of downplaying the impoverished situation across the country.
#ThisIsVenezuela Urban farming in #Venezuela . Thanks to @NicolasMaduro . Image via @OvarioV pic.twitter.com/d2n6quZOt9 
— Michael Welling (@WellingMichael) July 16, 2016 

An increasingly common sight in Caracas, a picture posted to Twitter shows a man and dog sifting through trash for food with the caption “Urban Farming in Venezuela. Thanks to @Nicolas Maduro.” Many people think that Maduro is not fixing the problem but ignoring it altogether.
Another tweet shows a picture of a woman shopping inside a Venezuelan grocery store with the caption “#ThisIsVenezuela”, and the shelves are nearly empty.
 
#ThisIsVenezuela #TalkingDoesntWork #MoreAction #Venezuela #NadieSeRindeCarajo #Democracia #SacaLaBasura #MaduroPaFuera pic.twitter.com/vb9FP1oRz6 
— Mariana Gordon (@MarianaGordon_) November 2, 2016 

Others are enthusiastic about the plan. “If all communities began to cultivate, it would help to combat the high cost of living and food shortages,” said Luisana Galvis, 69, in a Reuters report . “If we sell and cultivate in our own home, nobody can take that away from us, and nobody is going to sell it to us. And so, we reduce the cost of living.”
In 3 months time, only 273 tons of food have been grown, and this falls far short of the 3,500 ton annual goal of Venezuelans to feed their country. Some seeds that the Venezuelans are most likely growing are those that are easy to cultivate .
‘An Impending Humanitarian Crisis’ This past week, lawmakers in Venezuela declared a “food emergency” after reports of widespread shortages in milk, meat, bread and produce.
Maduro blames an “economic war”, but many Venezuelans are condemning Maduro’s socialist economic policies for causing the inflation and subsequent market instability.
Phil Gunson , a member of the International Crisis Group based in Caracas, warns of an impending humanitarian crisis.
“At least one in 10 people is eating two meals a day or less. There isn’t starvation. We are not talking about famine,” says Gunson. “But we are talking about malnutrition, particularly in the case of children.”
With crime on the streets of Caracas at an all-time high, some are happy to be starting an indoor garden for the sake of staying away from thieves and violent crime. For Iraima Pacheco de Leandro, 54, a government opponent who was once kidnapped and held for ransom, farming is a great way to circumvent the chaos, but it may not be a long-term solution for Venezuela’s economic crisis. Her terrace is filled with vegetables as a measure of self-suffiiciency, but she still thinks that “agriculture should not be a solution,” and the real problem lies in government policy and the inflated markets they created. 
This information has been made available by Ready Nutrition 
Originally published November 4th, 2016 How Would You Survive Hyperinflation in Venezuela? Stockpiling of Food Banned in Venezuela Venezuela: A Prepper’s Nightmare Come to Life Bartering to Eat: How People on the Streets of Venezuela are This Is What a Real-Life Economic Collapse Looks Like ",0
6757,Frank Gaffney on Tillerson’s ‘Incoherent’ Stance on Iran Nuclear Deal: ‘This Is No Way to Run a Government’,"On Wednesday’s Breitbart News Daily, Center for Security Policy president Frank Gaffney told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow he was deeply concerned about the “Obama holdovers” that are “almost entirely populating” the Trump administration at senior levels. [Gaffney expressed dismay at the combination of these holdovers, globalists President Trump has brought into the White House, plus “a group of establishment Republicans in leadership positions, particularly on the Hill, who align pretty much with those liberal Democrats. ”  “It’s a formula for this president to be foiled at every turn, even if he’s still committed to and pursuing assiduously his agenda,” Gaffney warned. “If he starts trimming sails, or worse yet throwing ballast out of the balloon all of the things that brought him into office, it will never appease this assorted group of adversaries. I think it will simply reinforce their conviction that if they hang tough, and they hang together, they will be able to keep the swamp full of toxic waste and prevent him from draining it, let alone moving the country forward as he promised to do in the 2016 election. ” He suggested the ideas which propelled Trump to victory in 2016 are the glue that holds his unusual coalition of voters together across partisan lines, and also help to explain “why Breitbart connects so well with so many people. ” “It isn’t just on the right,” he noted. “I think it’s that Trump base, which as you know better than anybody, Alex, wound up being an awful lot of Democrats who were sick to the teeth of what their party has become: an   party. ” “I would argue that the thing that brings us together, that brought Donald Trump to the White House as much as anything, was common sense. I think that’s what you serve up in very substantial doses on Breitbart Radio, and it’s a privilege to be able to contribute to that,” said Gaffney. Asked to grade President Trump’s first 100 Days from a national security perspective, Gaffney said “there are some points that are encouraging. ” “I’m very happy with a lot of his rhetoric, notably about restoring American policy to the practice of peace through strength, which my old boss Ronald Reagan of course espoused. I like the fact that he has set his sights on rebuilding our military, ensuring that our military deterrent is once again ‘top of the pack,’ as he put it, that we have a     missile defense for example. I think some of the uses of power that he has conducted have also helped give credibility to those rhetorical statements,” he elaborated. “That’s on the plus side, Alex. On the negative side, I have to say I am very troubled that he is not pursuing what he promised  —   as I think he must  —   in regards to one particularly dangerous aspect of the national security picture, and of course that’s the phenomenon he’s called ‘radical Islamic terrorism.’ I call it sharia supremacism, but whatever term you prefer, it is very much with us,” he continued. “The thing that is most alarming to me, which causes my grade to be considerably lower than it might otherwise be  —   maybe a C,  ?  —   is the appointment of people to his national security team who do not get the threat posed by radical Islamic terrorism. In fact, some of them refuse even to call it that, which is evidence of a disconnect with this president that I think is not only a problem, but it’s undermining his effectiveness in a very critical space,” he said. Gaffney agreed with Marlow that the specter of “climate change” obsession still hangs over the national security apparatus, describing it as “a priority for Ivanka Trump and apparently for Jared Kushner, who are playing outsize roles in all aspects of the administration’s   it seems. ” “There is no question that many of the people that are either holdovers from the previous administration, or that have been brought in by this new administration, have not simply paid lip service to the Obama agenda on national security  —   whether it’s calling radical Islamic   supremacism what they used as a euphemism, ‘violent extremism,’ which really in a way meant that they could justify being as worried about returning veterans and Tea Party activists and constitutionalists as they were about Islamists  —   on the one hand, and then on the other there’s this idea that really the problem that we are confronting is actually climate change, not live human beings seeking our destruction. I think this is, again, completely at odds with common sense and the national security interests of the United States,” he warned. Marlow asked if the Trump administration is “holding Iran accountable for their pursuit of nuclear weapons adequately at this point. ” “This is a classic example of what we’ve just been talking about in the abstract,” Gaffney replied. “You had Obama holdovers who were deeply involved in bringing this disastrous deal  —   the president was absolutely right, it is arguably the worst deal ever negotiated, in fact it isn’t even a deal, nobody signed this thing  —   but it was brought to him by people who are still staffing his administration. One of them, I believe, was instrumental in getting the State Department last week to certify that the Iranians are complying with this deal. ”  “First of all, that’s not true,” he objected. “Second of all, even if they were, it would still mean they could be beavering away at a nuclear weapon, and they are. ”  “The president was furious, I’m told, when he discovered the State Department had done this,” Gaffney revealed. “It shouldn’t come as a surprise, given who’s staffing most of it below Rex Tillerson’s level. But he’s directed, apparently, Rex Tillerson to muster out the next day, Wednesday of last week, and deliver personally a statement essentially denouncing the Iranians both for the nuclear deal and for terrorism, and much much more  —   properly so. ”  “There is a certain incoherence, I think it’s fair to say, that emerged in part because people who lack common sense are still helping to guide his policy, and he’s obliged to try to correct it. This is no way to run a government,” he declared.  “I hope he will clean house at long last, both with respect to this odious deal, but also more generally, and bring in people who supported him in the campaign, who get national security the way I think he does  —   certainly the way he ran on, his platform of peace through strength. By so doing, I think we have a shot at turning this thing around. If we don’t get those changes, though, the grade is going to be a lot worse in the second hundred days, that’s for sure,” he said. Gaffney said he hoped legislators briefed by the White House on North Korea would seize the opportunity to “hear what I think is the single most ominous threat from North Korea, bar none. ” “It’s not gotten a lot of attention. Jim Woolsey, the former director of Central Intelligence under Bill Clinton, Dr. Peter Vincent Pry, among others have been warning for a long time that what the North Koreans have almost certainly done  —   and if they haven’t, they could at any moment  —   is place aboard one of their two satellites now in orbit, or future ones, a small nuclear weapon that is optimized to create something called electromagnetic pulse,” he said. “If a weapon like that were detonated over the United States  —   and those satellites overfly it all the time  —   it would be the end of our electric grid, and our nation,” he predicted. “That threat must be neutralized, Alex. I believe, I hope that’s what the administration is going to talk to them about on the Hill today and in the White House complex. Also, we need to protect the electric grid against these sorts of threats. ” Gaffney expressed gratitude to Breitbart News for “the emphasis it has placed on doing just that. ” He expected the congressional briefings on North Korea to include information about “their ballistic missile program, and about their nuclear weapons testing, and about their belligerent statements, and perhaps about the pathology of this lunatic who runs the country, and those sorts of things. ” “That’s all old news,” he noted. “I don’t know that if that’s all that is described, it will be that useful an exercise. But if, as I pray, these legislators will be told about the sorts of threats that I’ve just described, it will I hope really concentrate the minds and support what the president’s trying to do to bring the North Koreans to heel. ” Gaffney added that if China is “enabling the North Korean threat” instead of helping us contain it, “we’re going to have to do it ourselves. ” “It would start, in my judgment, with neutralizing those satellites now overhead, and ensuring there aren’t new ones put up there that could have this kind of   threat aboard them,” he advised. He noted China certainly could be helpful if it wanted to.  “They could make all the difference in the world. If they say it’s over for Kim   it’s over. But I see no evidence that they intend to do that,” he said. Gaffney pointed out that the missile canisters displayed by North Korea in recent military parades “looked an awful lot like Chinese   canisters, and they were aboard    that were provided by the Chinese. ” “Those are tangible signs that the Chinese think a more dangerous North Korea  —   one that worries us, worries us to the point where we might give them concessions, or at least give concessions to North Korea to prop up this client state of theirs  —   this is a practice, this is a policy that is being deliberately pursued by the Chinese, and has been for years,” he charged. “I don’t think they are on our side. Could they be? Yes. I don’t see evidence of them doing it just yet,” Gaffney said. “I think that the Chinese are pursuing a   strategy which has, at its core, displacing the United States as a global power, certainly in their region of the world, but I think it’s really worldwide. ”  “I think that having strong and dangerous clients like North Korea, and frankly building bases around the world, and fortifying new islands they’re creating in the South China Sea, and massing their military for future global operations are all signs that is where they’re headed. I think their policy toward North Korea is part of that larger strategic design,” he judged. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
6758,‘Brexit’ Briefing: Battle of the Somme Tories Step Up as Boris Johnson Exits - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   Britain’s political crisis was set aside, at least temporarily, on Friday as leaders made their way to France to attend commemorations for the 100th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme. Still, contenders to replace Prime Minister David Cameron are beginning to firm up the groundwork for their campaigns, with Michael Gove making a speech a day after throwing his hat in the ring. Here’s your daily “Brexit” briefing. • Michael Gove, whose surprise entrance into the race for Conservative Party leader (and prime minister) helped knock Boris Johnson out of the contest, said on Friday that while he lacked charisma, he could deliver change. Challengers to Mr. Gove, including former Defense Secretary Liam Fox, have also been making their cases. Ken Clarke, a former chancellor of the Exchequer, said Mr. Gove should stand aside. Read our rundown of the contenders to be Britain’s next leader. • Mr. Cameron and the Labour Party’s embattled leader, Jeremy Corbyn, attended commemorations for the Battle of the Somme. Members of the royal family will be there as well. Smaller ceremonies are taking place across the country. • George Osborne, the chancellor of the Exchequer, met with business leaders in Manchester. And John McDonnell, the Labour Party’s shadow chancellor, spoke to a business audience in London. • Mr. Gove’s candidacy turned the race on its head. Several British newspapers have    accounts of how that happened. The BBC’s political editor runs through conspiracy theories about Thursday’s events. The Daily Mail has thrown its weight behind the oddsmakers’ favorite, Home Secretary Theresa May. • Mr. Johnson, once the favorite, said on Thursday he would not run a Conservative stalwart says he has “ripped the party apart. ” My colleague Sarah Lyall writes that Mr. Johnson was done in by his own hubris and lack of preparation. A piece in our   section likens the former London mayor to someone who would “order a lavish meal and the best wine on the menu and then walk out. ” • Whither London? It’s been only a week since the referendum, and already European cities are  jockeying to lure away businesses. My colleague James B. Stewart ranks the alternatives. • Tony Blair, the former Labour prime minister, argues that Britain is “in peril” and pleads for the Conservatives to conduct their leadership election with “genuine patriotic regard. ” • Slovakia takes over the rotating   presidency of the Council of the European Union today. Why is that interesting? It will hand off to Malta, which in July 2017 was supposed to hand off to . .. Britain. People on the Continent aren’t happy, and there are reports that Britain wants to hand off the presidency anyway. • Mr. Osborne abandoned a pledge to return to a budget surplus by 2020. He and his party have long argued that austerity was necessary in order to restore health to Britain’s public finances. • The pound fell sharply against the dollar when Mark J. Carney, the governor of Britain’s central bank, said on Thursday that the bank may need to cut interest rates, but the currency recovered somewhat. British and Continental European stocks were headed for a fourth straight day of gains. Jeff Sommer writes that past crises give clues that markets will recover their losses after the announcement of the referendum result. • Standard  Poor’s lowered its rating on   European Union debt, citing the uncertainty after the British referendum results. There will be more Brexit news to come. Keep checking back for updates.",0
6759,Saakashvili reveals age-long friendship with Trump,"Saakashvili reveals age-long friendship with Trump 10.11.2016 Mikheil Saakashvili reported that he had known Donald Trump for many years, was a friend of him and called to be careful. As he wrote on his Facebook, 'I've known him for over 20 years, we are friends. I predicted this cautiously. It's a strong personality with unpredictable policy. We should be more careful and organized than ever'.Donald Trump has won the US presidential elections. Mikheil Saakashvili was a president himself in Georgia. And resigned as a Governor of the Odessa region the other day. It should be recollected that the Ukrainian authorities tried to help the Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton at these elections. In summer the Ukrainian Anti-Corruption Bureau opened investigation against ex-chairman of Trump's presidential campaign Paul Manafort who had allegedly got some millions dollars from former ruling Party of Regions. Petro Poroshenko in his turn hoped that whoever came to power in the US after elections, Kiev would still get support.Poroshenko's Administration also sent a request for a meeting with Trump at the UN General Assembly during Poroshenko's being in New York. However, Trump's representatives ignored the request. Pravda.Ru",0
6760,Comment on How about a trip to Paris this fall? Sure looks lovely this time of year… by Miss Marple,"  DCG | 7 Comments 
From Daily Mirror : Rows of tatty tents line the pavements of Paris as refugees exiled from Calais find a new place to set up camp. 
The number of UK-bound migrants sleeping in illegal camps in Paris has increased by a third since the destruction of the Calais Jungle , it has emerged. 
It raises the prospect of the French capital turning into the new hub for thousands of asylum seekers seeking a new life in Britain. 
Paris’s first official refugee camp is due to open within the next few days, and it is expected to become a magnet for even more refugees. The new facility will be men only, and only take 400 migrants at a time. Even then, they will only be able to stay for a maximum of ten weeks at a time. It will open close to the Gare du Nord Eurostar hub, from where high speed trains travel to and from London. 
A total of 5,596 people have been evacuated since the operation to raze the Jungle shantytown in Calais began on Monday morning. While most have been bused to some 450 resettlement centres around France, up to 5,000 more are thought to have travelled away independently . 
Heloise Mary, a member of France’s office for the welcome and accompaniment of migrants , said numbers in Paris had shot up. Referring to a camp close to the Stalingrad Metro in the north of Paris, she told the BFM news channel: “We’ve gone from two thousand to three thousand in two days with the closure of Calais.” 
DCG",0
6761,Nuclear Weapons – The Time for Abolition is Now,"Email 
At the United Nations this past week, 123 nations voted to commence negotiations next year on a new treaty to prohibit the possession of nuclear weapons. Despite President Obama’s own words in his 2009 pledge to seek the security of a world free of nuclear weapons, the U.S. voted “no” and led the opposition to this treaty. 
Rather than meet our obligations under international law, the U.S has proposed by stark contrast to begin a new nuclear arms race spending $1 trillion over the next 30 years to “upgrade” every aspect our nuclear weapons programs. A jobs program to end humanity. Each of the nuclear nations is expected to do the same in rebuilding their weapons programs continuing the arms race for generations to come—or until planetary thermonuclear murder, whichever comes first. 
The myth of deterrence is the guise for this effort when in fact deterrence is the principle driver of the arms race. For every additional weapon my adversary has, I need two and so on and so on to our global arsenals of 15,500 weapons. 
Fed up with this inaction and doublespeak, the non-nuclear nations of the world have joined the ongoing efforts of the world’s NGO, health and religious communities in demanding an end to the madness. Led by the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN)—a global partnership of 440 partners in 98 countries—along with the International Red Cross, the world’s health associations representing more than 17 million health professionals worldwide, the Catholic Church and World Council of Churches, are all calling for a treaty to ban and eliminate nuclear weapons. 
The effort to ban nuclear weapons has several parallels to the International Campaign to Ban Landmines led by Jody Williams, recipient of the 1997 Nobel Peace Prize. This effort was dismissed and called utopian by most governments and militaries of the world when it was launched by nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) in 1992; then it succeeded in 1997 through partnerships, public imagination and political pressure resulting in the ultimate political will. The nuclear ban movement has been vigorously fought against by the nuclear nations arrogantly persisting in possessing those horrific weapons and pressuring members of their alliances to hold the line. 
Nuclear weapons present the greatest public health and existential threat to our survival every moment of every day. Yet the United States and world nuclear nations stand in breach of the 1968 Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty, which commits these nations to work in good faith to end the arms race and to achieve nuclear disarmament. Forty- eight years later the efforts of the nuclear nations toward this goal are not evident and the state of the world is as dangerous as it was during the height of the Cold War. 
This year’s presidential campaign has once again done little to focus on the dangers of nuclear weapons, looking instead at who has the temperament to have their finger on the button with absolutely no indication of any understanding of the consequences to all of humanity by the use of these weapons even on a very small scale. In addition to tensions between Russia and the U.S. in Ukraine and Syria, there is a real danger of nuclear war in South Asia, which could kill more than two billion people from the use of “just” 100 Hiroshima-size weapons. 
Some of rest of the world is finally standing up to this threat to their survival and that of the planet. They are taking matters into their own hands and refusing to be held hostage by the nuclear nations. They will no longer be bullied into sitting back and waiting for the nuclear states to make good on empty promises. 
Unfortunately these weapons and control systems are imperfect. During the Cold War there were many instances where the world came perilously close to nuclear war. It is a matter of sheer luck that this scenario did not come to pass by design or accident. Our luck will not hold out forever. Luck is not a security policy. From a medical and public health stance, our current evidence-based understanding of what nuclear weapons can actually do means any argument for continued possession of these weapons by anyone in untenable and defies logic. There is absolutely no reasonable or adequate medical response to nuclear war. 
As with any public health threat from Zika, to Ebola, Polio, HIV, prevention is the goal. The global threat from nuclear weapons is no different. The only way to prevent the use of nuclear weapons is to ban and eliminate them. Our future depends upon this. 
President Kennedy speaking on nuclear weapons before the U.N. Security Council in September 1961 said, “The weapons of war must be abolished before they abolish us.” Our children’s children will look back and rightly ask why we–the only nation to ever use nuclear weapons–remained on the wrong side of history when it came to abolishing nuclear weapons.",0
6762,West Shamelessly Whitewashing Terrorist Counterattack on Aleppo - Ulson Gunnar,"West Shamelessly Whitewashing Terrorist Counterattack on Aleppo 
They're just your friendly neighborhood head-choppers being victimized by Russia Originally appeared at New Eastern Outlook 
Militants led by designated terrorist organisation, Jabhat Al Nusra, now obliquely referred to by the Western media as “Jabhat Fateh al-Sham,” has spearheaded another attempt to disrupt security operations against militants trapped in Syria’s norther city of Aleppo. 
Despite what is clearly a terrorist assault employing indiscriminate artillery fire provided by Grad rocket systems on an urban center and the use of suicide bombings employing vehicle-borne improvised explosive devices (VBIED), Western media organisations are attempting to depict the assault as a “rebel counter-attack” meant to “break” what it is depicting as a “siege” by Syria’s own military forces. 
Reuters in their article, “ Syrian rebels launch Aleppo counter-attack to break siege ,” would claim: 
It is particularly interesting to see Reuters attempt to depict the assault as a “rebel” operation, despite being unable to name a single “rebel” group, and admitting the leading role designated foreign terrorist organisation Jabhat Al Nusra is playing as well as the use of clearly terrorist tactics being employed. 
Reuters continues by admitting much further down in its article that: 
Fateh al-Sham played a big part in a rebel attack in July that managed to break the government siege on eastern Aleppo for several weeks before it was reimposed. 
Abu Youssef al-Mouhajir, an official from the powerful Ahrar al-Sham Islamist group, said the extent of cooperation between the different rebel factions was unusual, and that the largest axis of attack was on the western edge of the city. 
Reuters is all but admitting that even the so-called “rebels” it attempts to credit the assault with are operating not under the banner of the “Free Syrian Army,” but ultimately under the banner of Jabhat Al Nusra, quite literally Al Qaeda in Syria. 
Reuters concedes that this “complicates” US foreign policy in Syria, claiming that heavier weapons cannot be passed on to “rebels” in fear that they would immediately fall into the hands of terrorist groups “rebels” are clearly operating under. Reuters, however, never explains why any weapons at all would be provided to “rebel” groups so clearly and transparently in league with Jabhat Al Nusra in the first place. 
Finally, Reuters claims: 
Grad rockets were launched at Aleppo’s Nairab air base before the assault began said Zakaria Malahiji, head of the political office of the Aleppo-based Fastaqim rebel group, adding that it was going to be “a big battle”. 
The Observatory also said that Grad surface-to-surface rockets had struck locations around the Hmeimim air base, near Latakia. 
Grad rockets are an effective weapon in combat on open terrain. In the confined urban environment of Aleppo, they are an indiscriminate weapon the West, its media and its human rights advocates have little trouble pointing out their use constitutes a war crime, but only when used by forces of nations the West seeks to undermine and ultimately overthrow. No mention of their indiscriminate, inappropriate nature when used in urban environments is made when used by forces backed by Western interests. 
Also, Reuters’ inadvertently mentions the “rebel” group Fastaqim in the closing paragraphs of its report, a faction operating under the Aleppo-based Fatah Halab (Aleppo Conquest) coalition. It was revealed by the West’s own rights advocacy group, Amnesty International, in a post titled, “ Syria: armed opposition group committing war crimes in Aleppo – new evidence ,” that: 
The Aleppo Conquest armed groups may have used chemical weapons, as well as ‘hell cannon’ gas canister munitions. 
Armed groups surrounding the predominantly Kurdish Sheikh Maqsoud district of Aleppo city have repeatedly carried out indiscriminate attacks – possibly including with chemical weapons – that have struck civilian homes, markets and mosques, killing and injuring civilians, and have displayed a shameful disregard for human life, said Amnesty International today. 
Indeed, even groups described as “rebels” by the Western media, are guilty of serial offences that clearly make them terrorists, not “rebels.” The fact that this information is omitted from Reuters’ reports and the nature of these groups’ relationship with Al Qaeda affiliates made as intentionally nebulous as possible, reveals a common theme that has run through Western coverage of the Syrian conflict since it began; a concerted effort to conceal the true terroristic nature of so-called “rebels” in a bid to legitimize the illegitimate, and defend the indefensible.",0
6763,"After Bitter Campaign, Election Positions Trump to Shape Rules on How You Vote - The New York Times","After an extraordinarily contentious election, crucial elements of the rules that determine how Americans vote will be under assault from conservatives and facing legal challenges heading toward the Supreme Court as Donald J. Trump prepares to become president. Mr. Trump’s claims of a “rigged” election  —   made before he won  —   and his false declaration after his victory that “millions of people” had voted illegally for Hillary Clinton made headlines. They also amplified longstanding Republican claims that rampant voter fraud justified a welter of state laws making it more difficult to register and vote. Democrats say the laws are not about combating fraud but about suppressing the vote of minorities and other   constituencies. Mr. Trump will have enormous power to shape future policy on voting. “The last time we had a national government that was as hostile to the protection of minority voting rights as we may have with this president was probably near the end of the first Reconstruction” after the Civil War, said Pamela S. Karlan, a Stanford University law professor, who was a deputy assistant attorney general under President Obama until 2015. “There are still strong Republican protectors and champions of voting rights,” she said. “But they don’t seem to have the whip hand in their own party. ” Such concerns could prove overstated. Beyond warnings of fraud, Mr. Trump has offered little specific about his views on voting rights. Four Trump transition officials did not reply to emailed requests for comment. One conservative scholar of election law, Hans A. von Spakovsky, a senior legal fellow at the Heritage Foundation, called the worries “way overboard. ” “The emphasis may be a little different,” he said. “But this idea that when Republicans come in, they’re suddenly going to stop enforcing the Voting Rights Act and other laws  —   the evidence doesn’t bear it out. ” Mr. Trump will take office at a pivotal moment in a battle over the rules governing voting and elections, one in which   advocates seemed to be gaining an upper hand. Several potentially decisive federal court rulings on voting rules and redistricting, most favoring   advocates, now appear bound for a Supreme Court whose ideological balance is in Mr. Trump’s hands. Enforcement of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, a linchpin of some of those cases, will fall to a Justice Department whose likely attorney general, Senator Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama, is viewed with deep suspicion by civil rights advocates. One Trump adviser, Kris Kobach, the Kansas secretary of state, is among the most aggressive national crusaders for voting restrictions. Entering a meeting with Mr. Trump last week, Mr. Kobach was photographed carrying a sheaf of policy recommendations. The visible text proposed to “Draft Amendments to the National Voter”  —   an apparent reference to the 1993 National Voter Registration Act, the “motor voter” law that has come under sharp attack from Republicans. The law prohibits states from purging voters from the rolls for technical reasons like moving within a district, and imposes a waiting period and other requirements to remove voters. Conservatives say the requirements keep ineligible voters on the rolls and promote fraud. Democrats say the law prevents partisan purges of poor and minority voters. Mr. Kobach, who once suggested that Mr. Obama was plotting to replace American voters with   legalized immigrants, is the leading advocate of requiring everyone to present proof of citizenship when registering to vote instead of swearing an oath. Critics say the poor are far less likely to have those documents, and the costs of obtaining them essentially amount to a poll tax, which has long been unconstitutional. But some actions that   advocates call regressive actually would improve election integrity and efficiency, Mr. von Spakovsky of the Heritage Foundation said. Requiring citizenship documents, he argued, would reduce fraud. And he said that Mr. Obama’s Justice Department has failed to enforce the part of the   law that requires election officials to cull voter lists of people who have died or moved. A Justice Department under Mr. Trump is likely to press on both those fronts, he said. In general, he noted, Mr. Obama’s Justice Department has filed far fewer lawsuits to enforce the Voting Rights Act than the department under President George W. Bush, where Mr. von Spakovsky worked on civil rights cases. “They’ve been sitting on their rumps for eight years,” he said. Others say the department’s Civil Rights Division in the Bush era was sometimes a hostile environment  —   an inspector general’s report noted that one leader compared   lawyers to mold spores  —   and that   lawsuits, while fewer in number, have had national rather than local impacts. Mr. Trump’s greatest influence over election policy may lie in the Supreme Court, where he has pledged to nominate a reliable conservative to the seat vacated by Justice Antonin Scalia, who died in February. At least two major voting lawsuits against the Texas and North Carolina state governments seem likely to be appealed to the court. In both, federal courts of appeals this summer voided or modified Republican laws requiring voters to produce photo IDs, saying they disproportionately reduced minorities’ turnout. The court has upheld photo ID requirements before. But the new cases marshal far more evidence of their outsize effect on minority voters. The North Carolina ruling concluded that the state intentionally imposed restrictive rules “with almost surgical precision” to suppress   voters. Whether the Supreme Court will agree is an open question. Many legal experts say the eight justices appear evenly split over whether the Texas and North Carolina laws violate the Voting Rights Act or the Constitution. Should the cases be heard after a Trump nominee is approved, legal analysts agree, the chance that the laws will be reinstated will markedly increase. “If it is someone whose stance is like Justice Scalia, you should expect a reversal” of the appeals courts, said Ellen D. Katz, a former Justice Department lawyer and a law professor at the University of Michigan. “Every signal they’ve given us to date is that they would overturn the decisions. ” Yet some analysts are less certain. In recent cases, for example, courts have broadly agreed that ID laws must be written so that people who cannot reasonably obtain required identification cards still get an opportunity to vote. “Courts are going to insist on a safety net” for voters without proper IDs, said Edward B. Foley, a professor and director of the Election Law Project at Ohio State University’s law school. “Even conservative appeals judges are buying into that. ” The Supreme Court also seems certain to address a second important question: whether majority parties in state and local governments can gerrymander political maps during redistricting, redrawing boundaries in ways that solidify their hold on power. Gerrymandering to dilute minority voters’ power has long been illegal. But while justices have said partisan gerrymandering is wrong, they have never decided whether they can outlaw it. Three partisan gerrymandering cases are moving toward hearings in a Supreme Court that some experts say could be poised to rein in the tactic, even with a Trump appointee. Other policy questions remain unanswered, Professor Katz and others said, including whether the Justice Department will pursue voting rights lawsuits that the Obama administration started or joined. Nor is it clear how vigorously it will enforce Voting Rights Act clauses that remain. The 2013 ruling ended the department’s power to oversee voting and election rules in jurisdictions with histories of racial bias. Advocacy groups and pro bono lawyers have assumed some of those watchdog duties. But whether the agency will enforce remaining clauses of the law by bringing or joining lawsuits like those in the Texas and North Carolina cases is unknown. “The consequences here will be in what they don’t do as well as what they affirmatively do,” Professor Katz said. Should enforcement taper off, she said, “it’s not clear that the private bar can step up and do all the things the Justice Department has been doing. ” Still, officials at   organizations said they hoped to build a bipartisan consensus on issues like automatic voter registration and restoring voting rights to   where some Republicans support reforms. Beyond that, they said, they will regroup and decide what causes are most important. One leading organization, Common Cause, will renew efforts to block any resurgence of state or federal laws making registration or voting more difficult. “There’s a concern at the federal level that there could be the introduction of laws to make photo IDs a national requirement, or to require documentary proof of citizenship at registration,” said Allegra Chapman, the group’s director of voting and elections. It is a sharp turnabout from the scenario most expected would unfold under a Clinton presidency. “What’s the phrase? ‘These are the times that try men’s souls,’” said Lloyd Leonard, director for advocacy at the League of Women Voters in Washington. “We’ll be playing defense in a number of areas. ”",0
6764,"On the election of Mr. Trump, by Auslander","3709 Views November 15, 2016 25 Comments SITREPs Scott 
First, I wish to congratulate the president elect of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump. I can only imagine what this gentleman has gone through in this election cycle and this does not address the vitriol poured on his wife and children during the media attack, and that is exactly what it was and is, a concerted and ongoing news media and blog attack on Mr. Trump and his entire family. 
With Mr. Trump’s stunning, in view of The Media and the current power structure in USA, victory in the election the taps were opened to maximum output and the vitriol and attacks intensified dramatically. In the words of one commenter I know, with Mr. Trump’s election ‘the light was suddenly turned on in a dirty kitchen and the cockroaches scattered in all directions’. In my opinion that is a pretty good analogy for the cockroaches infesting the government in USA and EU et al are screaming bloody murder and calling Mr. Trump every name in the book and whining about the end of the world as they knew it. That, my friends, is an even better analogy, ‘the end of the world as they knew it’. 
I’ve been on this rock for a long time. I grew up and was educated in a different time that seems eons from today. I left home the moment I turned eighteen, after all I knew far more about the world and life than that foolish old man who raised me, who kept me fed well and warm in winter and who had no qualms about knocking the puppy snot out of my when I deserved it which was not infrequent. We did not lock our doors when we left home for Church, for shopping and other errands and in fact we did not have a key for the back door. No one in the eighteen years I lived in that farmhouse ever bothered anything. We left the tractors in the fields at day’s end, all of us riding back to the barn on one tractor. No one bothered the machines, no one stole diesel or gas from any of them. Life in USA was different then and that life is well remembered by many Americans. 
In the ensuing time since those, in retrospect, peaceful and bucolic years things in US have changed a bit. I was gone for most of those years, returning off and on as was possible. Through the late sixties and through the seventies I was gone enough to see some slight changes whenever I returned but nothing to worry about. The turmoil in DC and the presidency seemed to have no great affect on the lives of most of the populace and the economy was humming along nicely. 
The era of the 80’s ushered in the twelve years of Republican dominance in the White House. I was in the same situation, gone most of the time but back just enough to not be worried about the culture and economy of my country, USA. This changed in the nineties and as I began to spend more time ‘home’ I began to see worrying changes in the general populace along the east and west coasts. 
The defining occurrence of that era was the (not so) sudden collapse of the Soviet Union, this same Soviet Union that had instituted the Pax Rossiya in all of eastern Europe after the second war which was in essence simply a continuance of the first war, The War to End All Wars. This Pax Rossiya was in many instances brutal especially in the beginning, as the populaces were cleansed of their propensity of joining every foray in to Russia since Napoleon’s time, in the second war sending tens of thousands of willing volunteers to fight The Godless Russians. However, the Soviet Union did give Europe the longest stretch of unbroken peace in European history, from 1945 (technically) through 1990. Yes yes, there were troubles in eastern Germany in the early ’50’s, Hungary in the mid ’50’s and Poland was from time to time a concern but in essence peace reigned regardless of the two armed forces facing each other at the borders, both armed to the teeth with the western forces strongly backed by the US Army and the eastern forces heavily backed and reinforced by the Soviet Army. 
Through all those years I believed, I believed in the truth and righteousness of what I was taught at home and school and Church, that America was the shining light, the end all and be all of peace, prosperity and democracy, that the Soviet Union and her people were a massive and deadly threat to everything we believed in and would attack us and conquer us if given half a chance. 
But a crack had appeared in that belief in the late 80’s. I began to understand through interaction with these supposedly Godless Communists that some of these people were exactly like me, patriotic and believing in their cause and their country and not a one of them that I met, in peaceful actions or sometimes not so peaceful actions, ever mentioned conquering Europe or destroying America. In actual fact I found them to be as religious as I was and am, they had no ingrained hatred of USA and many of them admired America and Americans as opposed to everything I was taught about these strange people who spoke an incomprehensible language and many of whom took the trouble to learn what was to them an equally incomprehensible language, English. 
The crack widened as the wars started again in Europe after the Soviet Union ceased to exist. The breakup of Yugoslavia was the beginning of these wars and they are ongoing. When Hillary Diane Rodham assumed the de facto presidency in 1993 a new agenda was evident both in USA and American interaction with The World. 
At the same time American culture and economy, which had slowly begun to decline in the late eighties and early nineties, accelerated that decline and a new phrase, Politically Correct, began to be heard more and more often. I noticed in my increasing returns to US that the things I and my friends used to laugh and joke about were suddenly not allowed. I found that I was supposed to watch what I say and how I spoke, in essence I was supposed to be ‘Politically Correct’ in my speech and actions, that square was round and nothing was black and white, everything was gray. People that I had known for years, the tradesmen and skilled workers who did so well before, were now worried and watching their small businesses and trades decline at ever increasing speed. Ever increasing Government oversight and regulations began to strangle their businesses and trades, backed up with the constant threat of Government action against them if they did not do as told. Do as told? Since when is Washington my/our nanny? 
During her term as president Hillary Diane Rodham put her stamp on Department of State, that entity that to a great extent promulgated US foreign policy. She packed that bureaucracy with her minions and laid the base for power for when she was no longer president. She was appointed Secretary of State in 2009, having spent the previous eight or so years as a senator from New York and working mightily to further infest DoS with her minions. And the wars started. All along the south coast of the Mediterranean Sea starting with the deposing and murder of Qaddafi she worked her magic, attacking Libya, attempting to destroy Egypt, destroying Syria and instrumenting the ongoing mess in Ukraine. 
Ukraine. Herein is the problem concerning me and mine. The coup d’etat in Kiev in February of 2014 was planned and executed by Hillary Diane Rodham. The actual prosecution of that coup d’etat was by the sitting US ambassador to Ukraine, Geoffrey Pyatt, with a great deal of the groundwork performed by the previous ambassador, John Teft (who then was appointed ambassador to Russia where he attempted, and failed, in a plan for ‘regime change’ in Russia). 
Ukraine in and of itself meant and means nothing to Hillary Diane Rodham although I have no doubts she is quite happy to have taken a shot at Russia as a consequence of the coup. The prize for all the turmoil and blood in Kiev was Krimean Peninsula and the crown jewel, Sevastopol. When the citizens of The Autonomous Republic of Krimea and the Federal City of Sevastopol said ‘oh hell no’ to the coup installed Kiev government after some pretty serious threats from same, armed up and closed both the peninsula and City, Clinton’s screams could be heard on Mars. When dual referendums were held in Krimea and Sevastopol as to the future of both entities and the vote was a unanimous decision to ‘leave’ Ukraine her screams were heard light years from our little galaxy. It is my understanding that she was apoplectic when both The Autonomous Republic of Krimea and the Federal City of Sevastopol asked to be and were accepted back in to Russia after the referendums, thereby negating Krushchov’s illegal ‘gift’ of Krimea and Sevastopol to administration of the Ukraine SSR. 
Her dreams of taking Krimea and Sevastopol, if successful, would have put a massive US Navy base in Sevastopol and turned all of Krimea in to an armed camp with enough missiles to negate a significant portion of Russia’s nuclear deterrent and to put a fair sized portion of Russia in point blank range of US armed forces. All of the sanctions piled on Russia since late March of 2014 are because President V V Putin of Russia, and Krimea and Sevastopol, did not do as she expected and demanded and refused to listen to her. As an aside it’s not too many decades in the past when such an open attack via ‘sanctions’ on a country would have brought a note delivered by the Ambassador of same with a declaration of war. 
Now we are two years and nine months after the coup in Kiev. The ongoing war, read attempted regime change, in Syria is coming to a head and with Russia invited in to help the legally elected head of Syria the tide is turning to Dr. Assad’s and the Syrian populace’s favor. Any and all actions by the US Military and soldiers therein are illegal and constitute numerous felonies for each and every one of them, private to general, and every politician who has or had anything to do with that effort. I won’t even mention Libya, Tunisia, Egypt, Ukraine, Kosovo and Bosnia and the hundreds of thousands of deaths involved. 
Mr. Trump with his election victory has inherited a seething cauldron of a mess that will make the labors of Hercules seem but a flower pot weeding task in comparison. I have no doubts that he is well aware of the mess he is stepping in to as I have no doubts he will clean at least some of this mess, hence the cockroaches running for cover. Four years will surely not be enough and possibly eight years will not suffice either, but I sincerely wish him the best in his efforts. As for EU, I used to think that Merkel, Golland, Blair et al were in total subservience to US due to secrets Langley knows of them. I no longer think that, I think that all of them were and are more than willing accomplices in the continuous efforts to undermine and destroy Russia, in essence ‘once and for all’. They have failed and their careers are now over as is Hillary Diane Rodham’s career. She will be relegated to the trash heap of history along with the rest of them. 
As for me, the facade collapsed long ago. I am well aware of what did happen and what is happening now. I am American and loyal to my America, the America of the times I grew up in, the time when I was proud of America. I have no doubts that with time America will return to what she was and should be and I will be proud of America again. However, I am happy where I live now. We don’t lock our doors when we leave for Church or errands and such. I can and have left our car outside the walls unlocked and no one touched it. This is a Navy town and we are proud of our sailors, and the soldiers and Marines based here. They are in uniform in public always and everywhere. Do you see that in US or Europe today? And the silence here at night and dawn is deafening. That is what is known as ‘peace and calm’. 
I think the defining moment of my life here, in Russia, was two years ago. I had been to US, not because I wanted to go but because I had to go to take care of some loose ends and it was during that trip that I met Saker face to face. On my return the young Starshi Lutanant in Border Control looked at my US passport and then at my brand new blue Russian Residency passport. He went through every page of the Russian passport and examined my propeeska stamp with a looking glass to make sure it was real and wet stamped. He then smiled, handed both documents back to me and said “Welcome home, (my rank). Enjoy your flight to Sevastopol.” Would that I was welcomed that same way in America when I arrived. I wasn’t. 
Thank you for your time, 
Auslander 
Author Never The Last One https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00ZGCY8KK 
An Incident On Simonka https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01ERKH3IU",0
6765,Video: ‘Rude’ CNN Reporter Asks Trump Why He’s Taking Time Off To Open A Hotel,"Meanwhile Hillary Clinton is at home sleeping 
Steve Watson Prison Planet.com October 27, 2016 
GOP nominee Donald Trump took time out of a relentless campaign schedule Wednesday to spend around an hour opening a new hotel, prompting one CNN reporter to accuse Trump of “taking time out of swing states.” Meanwhile Hillary Clinton is again nowhere to be seen. 
CNN’s Dana Bash suggested that Trump should be more concerned with campaigning in swing states, yet Trump had three campaign stops scheduled for the same day. Dana Bash: Is your DC hotel opening free advertising?Donald Trump: “No, not at all” https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://t.co/9HHqooom8r 
— CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) October 26, 2016 
“So to people who say you’re taking time out of swing states to go do this, you say?” Bash asked. 
“I say the following: You have been covering me for the last — long time. I did yesterday eight stops and three major speeches, and I’ve been doing this for weeks straight,” Trump responded. 
“For you to ask me that question is actually very insulting because Hillary Clinton does one stop and then she goes home and sleeps. And yet you’ll ask me that question. I think that’s a very rude question, to be honest with you.” Trump exclaimed. 
Trump added that the opening of the hotel also served to prove a point that he can get things built under budget and ahead of schedule, suggesting that the country needs to be able to follow suit. 
While CNN has continuously run defense for Hillary Clinton amid a myriad of scandals, and even rigged its own polls to suggest she won the debates, the network has been forced to admit that Hillary is running an extremely light campaign schedule. 
Last month, for example, Hillary went six days without an event except for a short speech she gave in Orlando, Florida. 
And in August, Hillary took seven of the first 14 days of the month off and even went four days without a single campaign appearance. 
“Her speeches are so short – they don’t last long, they’re like 10 minutes and ‘let’s get out of here,’” Donald Trump said about her schedule. “Go back home and go to sleep.” This article was posted: Thursday, October 27, 2016 at 8:12 am Share this article",0
6766,Warriors’ Draymond Green Suspended for Game 5 After LeBron James Episode - The New York Times,"OAKLAND, Calif.  —   The Golden State Warriors were practicing Sunday when they learned that one of their most important pieces would be absent from Game 5 of the N. B. A. finals on Monday. Coach Steve Kerr approached Draymond Green, the team’s   forward, and told him that he had been suspended. “He’s disappointed,” Kerr said. The N. B. A. announced Sunday that the league had retroactively assessed Green with a   foul for striking the Cleveland Cavaliers’ LeBron James in the groin in the fourth quarter of the Warriors’   Game 4 victory on Friday, triggering an automatic   suspension, per league rules. A   foul is less severe than a   which results in an automatic ejection. However, four flagrant foul “points” in the postseason (two points for a   one point for a  ) result in a suspension. Green, who has had trouble keeping his appendages to himself in recent weeks, already had three. It was a seismic decision by the N. B. A. with the Warriors heading into Game 5 at Oracle Arena with a     lead in the    series and an opportunity to clinch their second straight championship. Green’s value to the team is difficult to overstate. In the finals, Green is averaging 14. 8 points, 9. 3 rebounds and 5. 8 assists while playing more than 38 minutes a game. Without him, the Warriors will need to find solutions by committee. Green did not address the news media. “We know it’s going to kill him not being there,” shooting guard Klay Thompson said. “But we’re going to go out there and do it as a team and win for him. ” The Warriors sounded edgy about the situation. Andrew Bogut, the team’s starting center, said he had no doubt that the Cavaliers had lobbied for Green’s suspension. Bogut also described the N. B. A. ’s disciplinary system as one without “rhyme or reason” and compared it to the league’s draft lottery process. “Pull out a   ball and make a decision,” Bogut said. “They made a decision, which was an interesting one. ” On Friday, after James pushed Green to the court late in the fourth quarter and tried to step over him, Green retaliated by swiping at James and making contact with his groin. After the game, James said he was “not cool” with some things that Green had said to him. Green, in turn, took offense to the way James had stepped over him. On Sunday, Kiki Vandeweghe, the N. B. A. ’s executive vice president for basketball operations, said in a statement that while Green’s actions in Green 4 did not merit a suspension as a “  act,” he was deserving of a flagrant foul. It was an accumulation of offenses that resulted in the   suspension. The series  —   already physical  —   has reached a heightened state. After Sunday’s practice, Thompson basically accused James of being a crybaby. “I guess his feelings just got hurt,” Thompson said, adding: “Guys talk trash in this league all the time. I’m just kind of shocked some guys take it so personal. I mean, it’s a man’s league, and I’ve heard a lot of bad things on that court. But at the end of the day, it stays on the court. ” When James was informed of Thompson’s comments, he asked a reporter to repeat them. Then he laughed. “Oh, my goodness,” James said. “It’s so hard to take the high road. I’ve been doing it for 13 years. It’s so hard to continue to do it, and I’m going to do it again. ” Green has always had a tendency to treat games like   acts. Consider his   blowup inside the Warriors’ locker room at halftime of a game against the Oklahoma City Thunder in February. His volatility can fuel his play and that of his teammates (the Warriors wound up winning that game against Oklahoma City) but he also risks becoming a distraction. “We thrive off of Draymond’s competitiveness and his edge,” Kerr said, “and it’s been very important for us this year. And maybe that same quality has led him to this point  —   just his competitiveness and his passion. And that’s all part of it. ” Bogut said that Green had to play with emotion, otherwise he would not be nearly as effective. So the Warriors accept the pros while bracing for any potential cons. Against Portland in the conference semifinals, Green was borderline obsessed with psychological games. After guaranteeing one win, he declared that the Trail Blazers’ playoff chances were dead before the series was over. His fondness for the dramatic arts bled onto the court, where he swung his arms in reaction to a call and made inadvertent contact with the official Ken Mauer, who had to seek treatment for a cut to his hand. Green’s fire worked out against the Trail Blazers because he produced, averaging 22. 2 points, 11. 2 rebounds and 7. 4 assists over the course of the series as the Warriors advanced. Against the Thunder in the conference finals, Green kicked Steven Adams in the groin in Game 3, drawing a   foul, and tripped Enes Kanter in Game 4. (The league did not penalize Green for the latter offense, and perhaps he was fortunate.) But all the outside noise appeared to affect him. In Games 3 and 4 against the Thunder, Green scored a total of 12 points while shooting 2 of 16 from the field. Now, with the Warriors on the cusp of a championship, they will need to find a way to cope with his absence. “We know we have the personnel and the depth to come out and get a win, and that’s all that really matters,” Stephen Curry said. “It honestly doesn’t matter what we think about what he did or didn’t do. The situation is what it is, and we’ve got to win. ”",0
6767,Le Pen: ’Totalitarian’ European Union Plan to Become Nuclear-Armed Power ’Madness’,"French populist and Front National leader Marine Le Pen spoke out against claims the European Union has eyed France and Britain’s nuclear arsenals with a view to take them over for the common use of EU nations. [While the plans have been considered by fringe Europhile diehards for decades as a means to force European military unity, the idea of taking over the nuclear weapons already possessed by EU member states for the common good have never been taken seriously. However, a flurry of articles in recent weeks discussing the plans and a resurgence of interest has caused concern  —   prompting presidential candidate Marine Le Pen to speak out against the idea.  According to the claims, these fringe European defence theorists are speaking up for the plans in the wake of the election of President Donald J. Trump, as European leaders look for defence alternatives should they fail to maintain their NATO commitments, and therefore jeopardise their relationship with the U. S. While Britain’s withdrawal from the EU would preclude the independent nuclear deterrent being   by Brussels, the approximately 300 French warheads will for now remain within the political reach of the Union. Speaking at a campaign event on Saturday, Le Pen slammed the present diminished state of French defence, and called any attempts by the EU to seize elements of member state’s defence apparatus “totalitarian”. She said: France, throughout her history, has rarely been so disarmed. Of course, we still have  —   but for how long?  —   our nuclear deterrent. I hear voices who talk in favour of a gloomy project which would lead to sharing our nuclear deterrent on a European scale. This would be madness and a crime against France, her safety, her power and her independence. For decades now, we have denounced the totalitarian drift of the European Union. It is therefore out of the question to enable this supranational techno structure to gain access to any kind of military capacity! This would mean an intolerable threat to the fundamental freedom of the people of Europe. Marine Le Pen has hit out repeatedly at the EU in recent weeks, most recently saying she would work with Britain, Poland, and Hungary to “dismantle” the continental power bloc. The FN leader said in the future “each country is free and sovereign to defend their own interests”. Follow Oliver Lane on Facebook, Twitter: Follow @Oliver_Lane or  : olane[at]breitbart.   <! [CDATA[ ! function( d,s, id){var js, fjs=d. getElementsByTagName( s)[0],p= ^",0
6768,High on Hitler and Meth: Book Says Nazis Were Fueled by Drugs - The New York Times,"Given the sheer tonnage of books already devoted to the Nazis and Hitler, you might assume that everything interesting, terrible and bizarre is already known about one of history’s most notorious regimes and its genocidal leader. Then along comes Norman Ohler, a      novelist from Berlin, who rummages through military archives and emerges with this startling fact: The Third Reich was on drugs. All sorts of drugs, actually, and in stupefying quantities, as Mr. Ohler documents in “Blitzed: Drugs in Nazi Germany,” a best seller in Germany and Britain that will be published in the United States by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt in April. He was in New York City last week and sat for an interview before giving a lecture to a salon in a loft in the East Village, near Cooper Union. “This is actually my old neighborhood,” he said, sipping grape juice on a sofa. “I lived around here when I wrote my first novel, a detective story. ” Mr. Ohler fell back on his interest in sleuthing during the five years it took to research and write “Blitzed. ” Through interviews and documents that hadn’t been carefully studied before, he unearthed new details about how soldiers of the Wehrmacht were regularly supplied with methamphetamine of a quality that would give Walter White, of “Breaking Bad,” pangs of envy. Millions of doses, packaged as pills, were gobbled up in battles throughout the war, part of an officially sanctioned    campaign against fatigue. As surely as hangover follows high, this pharmacological stratagem worked for a while  —   it was crucial to the turbocharged 1940 invasion and defeat of France  —   and then did not, most notably when the Nazis were mired in the Soviet Union. But the most vivid portrait of abuse and withdrawal in “Blitzed” is that of Hitler, who for years was regularly injected by his personal physician with powerful opiates, like Eukodal, a brand of oxycodone once praised by William S. Burroughs as “truly awful. ” For a few undoubtedly euphoric months, Hitler was also getting swabs of   cocaine, a sedation and stimulation combo that Mr. Ohler likens to a “classic speedball. ” “There are all these stories of party leaders coming to complain about their   cities,” Mr. Ohler said, “and Hitler just says: ‘We’re going to win. These losses make us stronger.’ And the leaders would say: ‘He knows something we don’t know. He probably has a miracle weapon.’ He didn’t have a miracle weapon. He had a miracle drug, to make everyone think he had a miracle weapon. ” Lanky and angular, Mr. Ohler quietly conveys the mordant humor that occasionally surfaces in his book, which has a chapter titled “High Hitler. ” “Blitzed,” he explained, was born when a Berlin friend who is a D. J. and a fan of   substances asked, “Did you know that the Nazis took loads of drugs?” While growing up in Munich, the friend had heard about wartime meth use from former soldiers. Aside from a documentary on the subject, Mr. Ohler found little information online. So he contacted an academic in the documentary, who provided invaluable leads about how to search military archives, which weren’t indexed for “drug” searches. Initially, the findings were intended as material for a fourth novel, but his publisher told him the story was too weird for fiction. Just tell it straight, he was advised. History can be a treacherous discipline for neophytes, but some professionals have given the exhaustively researched and carefully footnoted “Blitzed” high marks. The renowned Hitler biographer Ian Kershaw called it “a serious piece of scholarship. ” And though elements of this tale have been told, the extent of narcotic consumption by Nazi soldiers and Hitler has surprised even those who have spent decades researching this era. How is that possible? “It’s one of the old problems of specialization,” said Antony Beevor, the author of several highly regarded books about World War II. “No historian knows a lot about drugs. When an outsider comes in with an open mind and different interests, the results can be fantastic and very illuminating. ” Mr. Ohler’s fascination with drugs comes from colorful personal experience. In his 20s, while visiting New York, he took acid and hallucinated a   race riot on Second Avenue. Did he ever trip again? “Yeah,” he said. “Blitzed” begins with Germany’s success in the 19th century as the world’s   inventors, manufacturers and exporters of drugs, ranging from the benign (aspirin) to the infamous (heroin). One of those drugs was meth, which was initially marketed over the counter to the German public as an   upper that beat back everything from depression to hay fever. Red, white and blue tubes of pills, sold under the trade name Pervitin, caught the attention of a doctor at the Academy of Military Medicine in Berlin, who would oversee the logistics of ferrying millions of pills to troops.   soldiers would sprint tirelessly through the Ardennes at the onset of war, an adrenalized performance that left Winston Churchill “dumbfounded,” as he wrote in his memoirs. A German general would later gloat that his men had stayed awake for 17 straight days. “I think that’s an exaggeration,” Mr. Ohler said, “but meth was crucial to that campaign. ” The other focus of “Blitzed” is a man long considered one of the era’s farcical bit players: Theodor Morell, the portly, overweening physician who had won Hitler’s confidence in 1936 by curing the stomach pain that had afflicted the Führer for years. An opportunist and a maestro with a syringe, Dr. Morell responded to the incessant demands of Patient A, as he calls Hitler in his notes, with an escalating regimen of injected vitamins, hormones and steroids, which included extracts from the hearts and livers of animals. (While Hitler’s diet was vegetarian, his veins told a different story.) Starting in the summer of 1943, the cocktail included generous quantities of opiates. By 1944, the doctor had trouble finding veins to shoot. Then, as the Allies bombed the factories that produced Germany’s drugs, he had trouble finding opiates. “Historians have tried to explain Hitler’s tremors that started in 1945 by saying that he suffered from Parkinson’s,” Mr. Ohler said. “I wouldn’t rule it out, but there’s no proof of it. I think Hitler was suffering from cold turkey. ” Mr. Ohler believes that Hitler’s drug consumption prolonged the war, by enabling his delusions. But “Blitzed” does not aspire to recast our understanding of National Socialism, or Hitler’s psyche, fundamentally, so much as to add particulars that make other portraits seem incomplete. For Mr. Ohler, writing the book was cathartic. He grew up with a palpable sense of the horrors of Naziism, learning an unflinching account of the war at school in what was then West Germany. The history was made all the more appalling and personal by his maternal grandfather, a former Nazi Party member who lamented the demise of Hitler whenever something about life in a democracy got on his nerves. Then there was the legacy of his paternal grandfather, who fought for the Nazis in the Soviet Union. “I always wondered why my father never showed any emotions toward me,” he said. “It’s because his father never showed any emotions toward him. The German people coming out of the war were emotionally so disturbed. I had always been in that story. Now, I have written myself out of that story. I have freed myself by writing this book. It was a liberating experience. It was a good five years. ”",0
6769,Washington Post Anti-Trump Scare Tactics,"Dispatches from STEPHEN LENDMAN A s the moment of truth approaches, America’s two leading broadsheets, the NYT and WaPo, continue relentlessly bashing Trump, shamelessly supporting a woman belonging in prison, not high office. A same day article discussed The Times’ latest anti-Trump broadside. WaPo featured two editorials hammering him, following so many others earlier, disgracefully accusing him of everything imaginable, while practically elevating Hillary to sainthood by comparison. “Will Republicans respect democracy,” WaPo editors asked? How can anyone knowledgeable about how America is run respect what’s nonexistent, not earlier or now? “The big question after Tuesday’s election…will be whether the nation’s leaders act to preserve our republic – or hasten a descent toward a banana republic,” said WaPo editors. They failed to explain US governance resembles the way a crime family operates – a godfather (or godmother) atop the hierarchy, serving privileged interests exclusively. .. The “first priority (for the nation’s leadership) must be preserving and restoring the country’s democratic institutions…” WaPo editors claimed. How can it when none exist? America is a rogue state, run by its lunatic fringe, neocon extremists, waging endless wars of aggression, punishing ordinary people with neoliberal harshness, enforcing police state viciousness on resisters, a hair’s breadth from instituting full-blown tyranny – likely coming with Hillary in charge. .. WaPo editors are terrified about how multiple investigations of her wrongdoing might turn out – heading toward possibly indicting and impeaching her, ludicrously claiming: .. “There is no substantiated charge against Ms. Clinton that would warrant impeachment, or even talk of impeachment. Despite suggestions otherwise, there is also no imminent indictment against the Democratic nominee, or any available evidence suggesting that indictment is a realistic possibility… Instead, what the nation has seen over the closing days of this campaign is a party preparing to (mis)use extraordinary congressional powers for despicable political ends.” 
Fact: Volumes of evidence show Hillary guilty of war crimes, orchestrating coups, other international and constitutional law violations, racketeering, perjury, obstruction of justice, fraud, influence-selling pay-for-play, and jeopardizing national security by using her private server for classified State Department documents – enough to lock anyone up for life. 
Separately, WaPo editors said “Trump’s election would be a major threat to the economy” – a way over-the-top unjustifiable claim, saying: .. His “election would be a major new source of instability here and abroad…Suddenly, a man with a deep-seated hostility to, and incomprehension of, markets would be at the helm of the world’s preeminent market economy.” A billionaire business tycoon with no comprehension of markets? No one could become super-rich without a keen understanding of how they work – so what irks WaPo editors? .. They support jobs-killing trade deals like NAFTA and TPP. Trump’s justifiable opposition riles them. They’re angry because he’s right accusing the (Wall-Street controlled) Fed of keeping interest rates near zero for political reasons, along with government agencies fudging economic data like GDP, monthly jobs numbers and inflation, among others – to make economic conditions look rosier than reality. .. Trump “failed to level with the public about the challenges before us, to provide a plausible sense of how he would improve things – or to demonstrate much of anything except the risks of entrusting him with management of an $18 trillion economy,” WaPo editors claimed. Agree or disagree with him, he presented a clearer agenda than Hillary – time and again proving she’s a serial liar, dishonest, untrustworthy, ruthless and dangerous. NOTE: ALL IMAGE CAPTIONS, PULL QUOTES AND COMMENTARY BY THE EDITORS, NOT THE AUTHORS • CONTINUE THE DEBATE ON OUR FACEBOOK PAGE. CLICK HERE . ABOUT THE AUTHOR STEPHEN LENDMAN lives in Chicago. He can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net . His new book as editor and contributor is titled “Flashpoint in Ukraine: US Drive for Hegemony Risks WW III.” ( http://www.claritypress.com/LendmanIII.html ) Visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com . =SUBSCRIBE TODAY! NOTHING TO LOSE, EVERYTHING TO GAIN. SIGN UP AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS PAGE.= free • safe • invaluable If you appreciate our articles, do the right thing and let us know by subscribing. It’s free and it implies no obligation to you— ever. We just want to have a way to reach our most loyal readers on important occasions when their input is necessary. In return you get our email newsletter compiling the best of The Greanville Post several times a week.",0
6770,"Trump Jobs Boom: IBM to Hire 2,000 Vets After Meeting with Prez - Breitbart","The Trump jobs boom continues, with computer giant IBM announcing that it is set to hire 2, 000 veterans of the U. S. Military after a meeting with President Donald J. Trump. [IBM CEO Ginni Rometty, who serves on Trump’s business advisory board, is to announce the new plans on Friday.  The company intends to open 20 new   schools in the U. S. and will retrain and certify the veterans over a   period, Axios reported. Many of the veterans will be trained in the use of IBM’s software programs used by law enforcement, cybersecurity, and national security agencies. IBM joins a growing list of companies announcing major expansion in the age of Trump. The list includes 45, 000 jobs announced by Exxon Mobil, 10, 000 new jobs at Kroger, 10, 000 jobs at Walmart, another 10, 000 jobs to be offered by U. S. Steel, and 50, 000 by SoftBank Telecommunications, among many others. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
6771,Renewable energy now exceeds all other forms of new power generation,"By Peter Dockrill
Last year was a huge turning point for clean power, with renewable energy surpassing coal to become the largest source of power capacity in the world for the first time, according to a new report.
And not only have renewables now overtaken coal, but the rate of their adoption keeps getting faster. In another first, growth in renewables outstripped all other forms of new power generation in 2015, with clean energy accounting for more than half of the world’s new electricity capacity added last year.
The new figures, released in a market report by the International Energy Agency (IEA) this week, mean that energy forecasts from only a year ago now need to be revised – with renewables growth between 2015 and 2021 predicted to be 13 percent greater than estimated last year.
That revised estimate should see renewables be responsible for 28 percent of electricity generation by 2021 – last year, it accounted for 23 percent , so each year, renewables take over about 1 percent of the electricity market.
That 2021 prediction might only be a little over a quarter of the world’s total electricity in five years’ time, but it amounts to a massive 7,600 terawatt hours – equivalent to the total combined electricity generation of the US and the European Union (EU) today.
And in that five-year timespan, renewables are expected to absorb 60 percent of all power capacity growth, which basically means the IEA doesn’t see the record-setting gains shown in the past year slowing down any time soon.
“We are witnessing a transformation of global power markets led by renewables and, as is the case with other fields, the centre of gravity for renewable growth is moving to emerging markets,” said IEA executive director Fatih Birol .
In those emerging markets, the rate of renewables adoption is almost unimaginably fast. In China, two new wind turbines were installed every hour in 2015, meaning the nation had built almost 20,000 new turbines by the end of the year.
That flurry of investment saw China soak up about half of all new wind power additions, and approximately 40 percent of global renewable capacity increases in total.
Wind power led the growth in renewables, adding 66 gigawatt (GW) of capacity in 2015, followed by solar , which represented 49 GW.
And just in case you think that means solar’s been slacking off, bear this in mind: that additional 49 GW of capacity amounts to about 500,000 new solar panels being installed around the world every day last year.
So obviously there’s a lot to celebrate in these new figures, which the IEA puts down to stronger renewables policies – chiefly in the US, China, India, and Mexico – plus falling prices thanks to stronger competition in the marketplace, and better technology .
But the researchers also say we need to make sure the momentum keeps up.
Many countries around the world still aren’t getting behind renewables strongly enough, and even in nations that have thrown their support behind clean power – such as China – their increase in renewables capacity still doesn’t meet their ever-higher electricity demands.
Whereas in the US, EU, and Japan, additional renewables capacity is expected to outpace electricity demand over the next five years.
The report also shows that the renewables landscape has changed, with industrialised countries – that once led the charge on clean power – losing ground to emerging nations like China and India. By 2021, these two nations alone are predicted to account for almost half of global renewable capacity additions.
“If you think of running a marathon, Europe started with a big advance, more than half of the marathon they are leading by far,” Birol told Adam Vaughan at The Guardian . “They are now getting a bit tired, and some others are overtaking Europe slowly but surely.”
Even with the massive gains we’re making, though, the researchers warn that uptake still isn’t happening fast enough for the world to meet the ambitious commitments made at the 2015 UN Paris climate deal , designed to keep rises in global temperature under 2 degrees Celsius by the end of the century.
In other words, we’ve come a long way on renewables, but there’s still a long way to go .
“I am pleased to see that last year was one of records for renewables and that our projections for growth over the next five years are more optimistic,” Birol said in a statement .
“However, even these higher expectations remain modest compared with the huge untapped potential of renewables.
The Medium-Term Renewable Energy Market Report 2016 is available online.
Source: Science Alert 
",0
6772,So You Think Your Place Is Small? - The New York Times,"The first thing that people want to know about Jack Leahy’s home, a    cubbyhole tucked into the ceiling of a performance space a few blocks from the waterfront in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, is whether it’s legal. The second question is how much he pays. He doesn’t know the answer to the first. As for his rent? Tell a New Yorker you pay $450 a month, and he or she becomes very, very jealous. “But they don’t have any idea,” Mr. Leahy said. “It’s like ‘The Phantom of the Opera’  —   how much did that guy pay?” On a recent evening, Mr. Leahy, a    musician who moved to New York from Austin, Tex. late last September, pulled up in front of his home address on a skateboard, a Narragansett tall boy in one hand. The sun was setting over the East River, so he suggested a stop in his “living room”  —   a rock outcropping on the banks  —   before climbing the ladder to his quarters. Yes, a ladder. While real estate agents and promoters often describe local hot spots as extensions of one’s living space, utilizing the amenities of greater Williamsburg is a necessity for Mr. Leahy. His windowless den measures roughly 9 feet long and 4. 5 feet wide. You can stand at the entry, but once inside you mostly stoop  —   it’s only about 5 feet high. A   futon mattress takes up most of the space. Mr. Leahy, who works at Best Pizza in Williamsburg, spends a lot of time watching soccer at a nearby bar, or in his $   music studio in East Williamsburg, which he says is about the same size as his crawl space, except that the ceiling is of normal height. It also lacks a window, but he can at least unfurl his   frame  —   a nice change from stooping. He also likes to browse the record shops in Greenpoint, which is also the home of Captured Tracks, the independent record label that he hopes will sign him someday. “That label was the reason I moved to New York,” said Mr. Leahy, a   composer who goes by the name Socrates. Mr. Leahy is proficient on keyboards, synthesizers, drum machines and sequencers. “I mix and record everything on an old    tape machine,” he said. Mr. Leahy must keep quiet during rehearsals in the performance space below him, which can be any time between 9 a. m. and 10 p. m. seven days a week. Fortunately, the   is great, so he can always watch soccer matches if he doesn’t feel like reading. He’s also required to maintain a ghostly profile in the kitchen and office in the back of the building, which is where the bathroom is. It has a shower, in case you were wondering. Despite the restrictions, Mr. Leahy faced fierce competition and had to woo his way into his cubbyhole. His   an artist, told him about the unorthodox residence and referred him to the landlords, who were swayed, he said, by his “very long, thoughtful, funny, charming email” that described, in detail, his minimal grocery storage needs. He took the space sight unseen and insists that he had no misgivings when he arrived. “I think I was happy to be in New York and that I actually had a place,” Mr. Leahy said. “It was just kind of comical. It is comical. Whenever I show people where I live, they always laugh. ” He awakens many mornings to the sounds of experimental theater: strange clanging, performers speaking in gibberish, chants. The space is ovenlike in the summer, cozy in winter. And though he doesn’t see much of them, he likes his  : seven other artists and creative types who live in the warren of more traditional rooms at the back of the building. “Though I’m always jealous when I see them sitting on chairs in their rooms,” he admits. Occasionally, there are parties in the building  —   and not just any parties, really good ones  —   “the kind of thing you’d imagine happening in Bushwick or Ridgewood,” he says. There are some serious drawbacks, of course. The door behind his bed opens onto a sheer drop into the performance space, which gave him a scare a few months back when he leaned against it and felt it moving. Nor does he recommend nights of heavy drinking or hosting visitors, especially if romance is in the cards. “Things get intimate really fast. You basically can’t do anything but lie down,” Mr. Leahy warned. “At the same time, too much moving around up here doesn’t feel safe. ” Nonetheless, he recently decided to stay for another year. Romantic rendezvous chez Leahy are not a concern at the moment. He got back together with his girlfriend, the one who told him about the crawl space, and she lives in a nearby studio  —   a proper one, with windows and more than enough clearance to walk upright. And while some people might find even a   studio cramped for two, Mr. Leahy is not one of them. “Are you kidding me?” he asked. “It feels like a great hall. ”",0
6773,Obama’s Musings on False Narratives and Fake Stories,"Tweet Widget by BAR executive editor Glen Ford 
So-called “fake news” has Obama shook up – probably because he and other presidents want to keep their monopoly on false narratives. “The ruling class, which Obama so faithfully serves, has lost control of the social and political narrative, without which it cannot ‘protect’ its wealth, privilege and power. It is a crisis of legitimacy, rooted in the crisis of capitalism, itself.” Obama’s Musings on False Narratives and Fake Stories by BAR executive editor Glen Ford 
“ People no longer believe the fake “news” and bogus narratives issued by the ruling class and its corporate and military misinformation specialists.” 
President Obama traveled to Berlin last week to browbeat Europeans on why they should continue to play junior partners in Washington’s quest for full spectrum global domination, but kept returning to his post-election obsession: the existential threat posed by “fake news” on social media. It was as if the realization had just dawned on the lame duck president, that his own powers to create “facts” and manufacture “news” out of thin air would soon be gone. Without the Clintons in the White House to continue the neoliberal project, history might conclude that the First Black President’s only enduring legacy was...that he was the first Black president. 
It’s a question of who gets to decide what’s “fake” or not. Obama fears that what he calls “fake” news begets fake history, which begets the fall of western civilization as the rulers would like people to imagine it. Fake news is a grave danger “in an age where there’s so much active misinformation and its packaged very well and it looks the same when you see it on a Facebook page or you turn on your television,” according to Obama . “If everything seems to be the same and no distinctions are made, then we won’t know what to protect,” he told the Germans. 
It was a magic kind of moment. The legendarily cool and collected Obama had just let out the secret: the ruling class, which he so faithfully serves, has lost control of the social and political narrative, without which it cannot “protect” its wealth, privilege and power. 
“ When the people come to believe that the president’s narrative is a bunch of ‘propaganda,’ then future Obamas will no longer be able to protect the Lords of Capital from the pitchforkers.” 
Was the world’s most powerful individual (until January 20) in despair over Facebook’s failure to erase three or four fictitious, yet ultimately inconsequential, stories from its pages? Of course not. Obama’s problem -- and capitalism’s crisis-- is that people no longer believe the fake “news” and bogus narratives issued by the ruling class and its corporate and military misinformation specialists. “If we are not serious about facts and what’s true and what’s not, and particularly in an age of social media when so many people are getting their information in sound bites and off their phones, if we can’t discriminate between serious arguments and propaganda, then we have problems,” said Obama. 
This is the man that told the nation’s assembled bankers, a year after the Greet Meltdown of 2008, “My administration is the only thing between you and the pitchforks."" When the people come to believe that the president and the corporate media’s narrative -- that the system can be fixed with a little tinkering -- is a bunch of “propaganda,” rather than “serious argument,” then future Obamas will no longer be able to protect the Lords of Capital from the pitchforkers. 
Losing control of the narrative is what happened after Michael Brown’s murder in Ferguson, Missouri, when Black youth stopped listening to Obama’s fictitious sermon that racism is not endemic in America, a fake history that candidate Obama had successfully dispensed in his “A More Perfect Union” speech in Philadelphia, in 2008. 
Obama’s targeted handful of phony social media articles generally favored Donald Trump. But the 
biggest “fake news” of the recent campaign, promulgated by virtually the entirety of the ruling class ensconced in Hillary Clinton’s Supersized Tent, was that the Russians were scheming to despoil and disrupt the U.S. elections -- crimes Americans commit all by themselves every cycle through massive voter purges and other racist conspiracies. To Clinton and Obama’s horror, this McCarthyite deluge of fake anti-Russian news failed to sway the very “Middle Americans” that were thought to be the most belligerent, warlike constituency of all. 
“The root of the crisis lies in the inability of late stage capitalism to offer anything that will stem the steady decline in the mass of people’s living standards and economic security.” 
The Big Tent -- Wall Street, the national security establishment, and their media – have lost all credibility with the public, and Obama was still shaken by the realization when he traveled to Berlin. Donald Trump and his crowd’s credibility – their ability to weave a believable narrative – was nonexistent from the start among half the country, and will shrink even more over time. 
The root of the crisis of credibility, which is really a systemic crisis of legitimacy, lies in the inability of late stage capitalism to offer anything that will stem the steady decline in the mass of people’s living standards and economic security. So deep is the decay, every amelioration of public pain would require the dismantling of capitalist structures of power, which is unacceptable to the rulers. 
On the most basic level, the U.S. does not have universal health care because capital has entrenched itself in all aspects of health care delivery. The rulers cannot provide affordable housing because Wall Street has financialized the nation’s land and dwellings. Good jobs at living wages are impossible, as long as corporations are empowered to maintain their carefully crafted international supply chain for manufactured goods – the foundation of corporate globalization. Black America cannot break free of the Mass Black Incarceration State until Black people eject the police, as presently constituted, from their communities, which will also require ejecting the corporate collaborators of the Black Misleadership Class from positions of power. There can be no peace -- and no peace “dividend” for Americans – while predatory corporations and cartels dictate U.S. foreign policy. The cycle of decline and repression will continue until corporate power is broken and the banks are nationalized. 
The rulers offer nothing, because the system is no longer capable of providing relief to the working and “superfluous” classes (that means most Black folks). They can only spin tales of fantasy and distraction – fake stories and phony narratives. 
American “Exceptionalism” is “Manifest Destiny” with Native American genocide and Black slavery blotted out. It is the falsest narrative of all, tailored for imperial conquest and an “end of history” — meaning, the end of everyone’s narrative except the imperialist. BAR executive editor Glen Ford can be contacted at [email protected] .",0
6774,Will Lame-duck Obama Implement More Radical Agenda Items Before End of Term?,"Email 
In American political terminology, “lame duck” refers to a politician whose term is drawing to a close. That of course describes President Barack Obama, who will turn over the keys to the White House to President-elect Donald Trump on January 20, 2017. Several past presidents have used the time between the presidential election and the inauguration of their successors to issue controversial executive orders, make “midnight appointments,” and grant controversial pardons. 
After President John Adams lost to Thomas Jefferson in the election of 1800, he used this time to make a multitude of political appointments, including filling the post of chief of justice of the Supreme Court with John Marshall. Adams left office in 1801, but Marshall remained on the court until 1835. (This is a dramatic illustration of the importance placed on Supreme Court appointments during the just-past presidential campaign.) The Republican-controlled Senate has already made clear that Obama will not be allowed to make a repeat of that history-changing nomination, opting to not even hold hearings on Obama’s Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland, offered as a replacement for the late Justice Antonin Scalia. 
But Obama still holds the reins of executive power until Trump takes the oath of office, and there are many more radical moves he could make in an effort to extend his influence beyond the end of his term of office. 
One area of concern, based on his previous actions, includes his pushing the envelope on the role of the executive branch in the enforcement of federal regulations. For example, Obama has pressured public schools across America to open their showers and restrooms to transgender students. Under this policy, the Obama Department of Education used Title IX statutes to argue that refusal to allow, for example, a male student to walk into a shower with female students, if that student claims to self-identify as a girl, is an act of discrimination not allowed under federal law. And if these schools refuse to follow Obama’s policy, they are threatened with the loss of federal funds. Of course, the federal statutes refer to discrimination on the basis of sex, and no one can seriously contend that those statutes were enacted decades ago with transgender students in mind. 
And that was before the 2016 presidential election, when such a policy could hurt Democratic congressional candidates, or even the presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton. What will Obama do if he no longer has any such concern? Will he take even bolder action in the time he has left? 
Sam Batkins, director of regulatory policy with the American Action Forum, has said that five major rule changes in areas such as renewable fuels and methane are still awaiting action by Obama. With Trump unlikely to advance the radical environmental agenda of Obama, there may well be some move by the outgoing president in this area before the inauguration in January. 
Obama has regularly demonstrated a disregard for the doctrine of separation of powers. Under this important doctrine, the Constitution explicitly gives to Congress all legislative power enumerated in the Constitution. Yet faced with a Congress that has refused to pass legislation favored by Obama in areas such as immigration, he has not hesitated to use “executive orders” to implement this agenda anyway. 
Considering that restricting out-of-control immigration was a major campaign theme of Trump, will Obama issue yet another executive order in this area, believing nothing will happen to change it for the next four years? 
“I’ve got a pen and I’ve got a phone,” Obama said back in 2014. “And I can use that pen to sign executive orders and take executive actions and administrative actions that move the ball forward."" 
Some of Obama’s previous executive orders have been challenged in court and sometimes blocked by federal judges on the grounds that he exceeded his powers. Yet he has not backed off in using executive orders to, in effect, make law. He has declared, “One of the things that I’m going to be talking to my Cabinet about is how do we use all the tools available to use, not just legislation , in order to advance a mission that I think unifies all Americans.” (Emphasis added.) 
Surely Obama does not believe using executive orders to circumvent Congress and the Constitution is somehow “unifying.” 
Other presidents have certainly issued executive orders, going all the way back to George Washington. But this misses the point. Executive orders are a legitimate exercise of presidential power — if they are directed to members of the executive branch, to implement an act of Congress, or in some cases, concerning court decisions. Contrary to Obama’s assertions, however, they are not a constitutional method of making law, as the Constitution clearly states that all that power belongs to Congress. All does not leave any such legislative power to the president. 
One subject that could be of more immediate concern during the upcoming lame-duck session of Congress is the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal negotiated by Obama, but with which Congress has yet to take action. With President Trump an ardent opponent of the deal, it will most likely be withdrawn from congressional consideration after January 20 of next year. Knowing that, Obama may make a major effort to push the pact through in the lame-duck session. One might remember that President Bill Clinton did the same thing with NAFTA during his term as president. And since far too many Republican members of Congress, and even leaders such as House Speaker Paul Ryan favor the TPP, opponents of this globalist trade deal cannot let down their guard. 
Finally, it is traditional for presidents to grant pardons in their last days in office, and even up to their very last day. These actions of executive clemency are certainly constitutional, as part of the checks-and-balances concept of the Constitution — powers granted to the president to correct alleged injustices that may have occurred in the federal courts. But some pardons over the years have certainly raised eyebrows. 
With Hillary Clinton remaining under a cloud of potential prosecution by a future Justice Department, some have even speculated that Obama may give her a pardon on his way out the door. Also, one Republican lobbyist, Michael McKenna, noted, “I do think a pardon for Huma and Weiner might happen.” McKenna was referring to Clinton’s top confidante, Huma Abedin, and her estranged husband, Anthony Weiner. It appears that Abedin and Weiner may have violated federal laws in their handling of sensitive State Department documents. The discovery of a trove of these e-mails on the laptop of Weiner precipitated the issuance of a statement by FBI Director James Comey that he had reopened the investigation into Clinton. 
It is not the first time that Comey has given a Clinton a clean bill of legal health. 
Comey also played a role in a controversial pardon issued by Bill Clinton years ago. Marc Rich was a fugitive who fled the country during his prosecution (ironically, by then-federal attorney Rudi Guiliani), and traveled to Switzerland to avoid imprisonment. He owed $48 million in taxes and was charged with 51 counts of tax fraud. Rich was also wanted for trading illegally with Ayatollah Khomeini’s Iran, where he purchased around $200 million worth of oil during the time 53 Americans were held hostage in Teheran. He also made illegal deals with Gadhafi in Libya, Kim Il Sung in North Korea, and other communist dictatorships, including the Soviet Union and Cuba. 
He fled to Switzerland in 1983, but outgoing President Bill Clinton pardoned him on his last day in office, on January 20, 2001. Even Clinton supporters were repulsed by the pardon, with the New York Times calling it “a shocking abuse of presidential power,” and former President Jimmy Carter declaring it “disgraceful.” Even Democrat Congressman Barney Frank said, “It was a real betrayal of Bill Clinton of all who had been strongly supportive of him to do something this unjustified. It was contemptuous.” 
James Comey was later appointed to investigate the circumstances surrounding this pardon, but claimed he found no illegality on Clinton’s part. This investigation occurred as a result of Rich’s wife donating over $200,000 to the Democratic Party in 2000. She later gave $450,000 to the Clinton Library Foundation, and $100,000 to Hillary Clinton’s Senate campaign. 
With this kind of sordid history of a past president, coupled with Obama’s own track record of disregarding constitutional restrictions, it's no surprise that many are holding their breaths to see just what our outgoing president might do during his last few weeks at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
6775,Gorsuch Hits the Ground Running at Supreme Court - Breitbart,"WASHINGTON, D. C. —  Justice Neil Gorsuch is only halfway through his first sitting on the Supreme Court, yet is already having an impact that will be felt for years to come. [Justice Neil Gorsuch had an active first day on the Supreme Court on Monday, weighing in heavily on both of the Court’s morning cases and injecting some humor into two dry legal subjects.  Before the High Court turned to its normal business, Chief Justice John Roberts took a moment to welcome Gorsuch “as the 101st associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United States,” and on behalf of all the members of the Court, wished him a long and successful career in what Roberts referred to as their “common calling. ” Gorsuch responded in kind, thanking the chief justice and all the other justices for the warm welcome he had received over the past week. In Perry v. Merit Systems Protection Board, when a lawyer was walking the Court through a badly worded federal statute on how federal employees file appeals in their employment system, when the lawyer tried to persuade the justices that he was “not asking this Court to break any new ground,” Gorsuch replied, “No, just to continue to make it up. ” At another point in the case when the lawyer tried to assure Gorsuch by saying, “I think I am maybe emphatically agreeing with you,” Gorsuch quipped, “I hope so! ,” evoking laughter throughout the courtroom. On a more serious note, on Wednesday Gorsuch sat in on the biggest   case of the year, Trinity Lutheran Church v. Comer, considering whether state constitutional provisions that forbid churches from participating in state funding grant programs violate the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment of the Constitution. Currently pending before the Court right now is a petition to review a case from Colorado, Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission, in which a baker was sanctioned by the state for not baking a cake for a   wedding. Word on that petition could come as early as next Monday. Next Wednesday on the Court’s last oral argument day for its 2016 term, Gorsuch will sit in on oral arguments in Maslenjak v. U. S. a case in which an immigrant was stripped of her U. S. citizenship when she made a false statement in a criminal proceeding that, while false, was also immaterial to the case. It’s a busy two weeks for the Supreme Court’s newest member. Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.",0
6776,Critical Mass: Gorsuch Nom. Forces Historic Change to Senate Rules,"Senate Republicans used the “constitutional option” to change longstanding cloture rules around 12:30pm Thursday, clearing the way for Judge Neil Gorsuch to receive a vote of the full Senate on his confirmation to the Supreme Court. [Republicans resorted to the     vote after weeks of wrangling over Gorsuch’s nomination in which Senate Democrats threatened the first partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee in American history. After the Democrats assembled the   votes needed to prevent the end of debate under current rules, the constitutional option allowing cloture on a simple majority became the only remaining path to placing Gorsuch on the Court.    Mike Pence, who would have been needed to break a tie should any two Republicans have voted to maintain the   cloture rule, was not present for the vote, indicating Republican confidence their entire caucus would agree to the change. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) moved for a point of order after his first attempt to invoke cloture failed with only 55 votes. From the podium, he cited the need to “restore Senate norms” in light of the Democrats’ “unprecedented partisan filibuster” of a Supreme Court nominee. McConnell invoked the precedent of Senate Democrats’ own change to same simple majority cloture rule for all presidential nominees but those to the Supreme Court in 2013 in calling for an override of the Senate chair’s determination sixty votes were needed for cloture. That appeal passed on a     vote. Thursday’s historic move harmonized Senate rules, removing the possibility of minority filibusters of Supreme Court nominees. Given the reluctance, in the past, for either party to filibuster a Supreme Court nominee with majority support, the constitutional option restored, as a practical matter, traditional Senate custom in this area. A successful cloture vote quickly followed the rule change. The   vote began a thirty hour countdown to a vote of the full Senate. Judge Gorsuch is, therefore, slated for the final vote on his confirmation no later than seven o’clock Friday evening. All 52 Republicans and three Democrats are expected to vote for his confirmation, allowing him to replace Antonin Scalia as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.",0
6777,Trump’s Ghostwriter Explains How to Beat Him in a Debate - The New York Times,"When Tony Schwartz was writing Donald J. Trump’s first book, “The Art of the Deal,” in the late 1980s, he was startled by his client’s short attention span. During their first interview, Mr. Trump endured just a few minutes of Mr. Schwartz’s questions before leaping up from his chair and declaring the entire exercise a waste of his time. “He couldn’t tolerate doing interviews,” he tells me. “He just couldn’t stay focused for more than a few minutes at a time. And think about this, Michael, it was when he was talking about himself, which is his favorite subject. ” In the latest episode of The   Mr. Schwartz explains why he is sharing his intimate knowledge of how Mr. Trump thinks and behaves with aides to Hillary Clinton to help her prepare for Monday night’s highly anticipated presidential debate. He’s worried about a habit he noticed during Ms. Clinton’s performance at a national security forum hosted by NBC News a week ago: “What I would hope is that she doesn’t go the same route she did with Matt Lauer when he started coming at her relentlessly, which was to revert to her knowledge, to revert to her ability to produce a hundred facts in a short period of time,” he says. “Because this debate is going to turn not a bit on the issues. It’s going to turn on emotion, it’s going to turn on which candidate makes all of us feel safer and which candidate makes us feel less safe. And the one who wins that contest wins the debate  —   and probably wins the election. ” Mr. Schwartz offered his help to the Clinton campaign as part of his long (and possibly futile) effort to make up for the guilt he feels about setting Mr. Trump on a path to fame by ghostwriting his book. “I don’t think I can ever even the score I don’t think I can ever set it totally straight,” he says. All he can do now, he says, is “say the truth that I know in the service of trying to help save the country and the world from a guy who is exceptionally dangerous. ” In the episode, we explore the profoundly contrasting style of preparation and showmanship that Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton bring to the debate with my colleagues, Frank Bruni, an opinion columnist, and Amy Chozick, a reporter who has covered Mrs. Clinton for the last two years. “I think of Trump as a toddler sitting in a high chair,” Mr. Bruni says. “And his advisers are saying ‘Donald, you must get through the meal without throwing your spaghetti on the wall.’ So the question is, will they successfully persuade him not to throw his spaghetti on the wall before the debate ends?” From a desktop or laptop, you can listen by pressing play on the button above. Or if you’re on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series. On your iPhone or iPad: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Tap on the “search” magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen, type in “The  ” and select it from the list of results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone free. You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode. On your Android phone or tablet: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Play Music” with an    icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen, search for the name of the series and select it from the list of results. You may have to scroll down to find the “Podcasts” search results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, click on the word “subscribe” to have new episodes sent to your phone free. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, click on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode.",0
6778,Clinton’s Portrayal of Trump as Dictator Aims at the Left and Right - The New York Times,"PHILADELPHIA  —   Democrats marked a decisive turn in their campaign against Donald J. Trump this week, moving to recast the 2016 race not as a conventional battle between left and right but as a national emergency that requires voters of all stripes to band together against a singularly menacing candidate. Abandoning their standard critique against conservative Republicans, allies of Hillary Clinton argued that Mr. Trump was not merely another champion of   ideas, deserving of rejection for his views on the environment or health care. Instead, in an onslaught of astonishing ferocity led by President Obama, they used their convention to portray Mr. Trump as a dangerously unstable figure and a friend of foreign despots like President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia. Some Democrats suggested Mr. Trump might have authoritarian impulses of his own: Prominent in Mrs. Clinton’s acceptance speech Thursday night was a pointed reminder that the American system was designed to prevent the rise of a dictator. In effect, Mrs. Clinton and Democratic Party leaders signaled that they would seek to fight the general election, to some extent, in nonpartisan terms  —   as a clash between the broad mainstream of American voters and a candidate they argue would put the nation in jeopardy. David Boaz, the executive vice president of the Cato Institute, a libertarian think tank, said Democrats had picked up on an unsettling theme in Mr. Trump’s campaign. He said the attacks this week on Mr. Trump as an autocrat had the potential to resonate outside the Democratic base. “I really don’t think that’s too over the top,” Mr. Boaz said. “We have one candidate who’s not even pretending  —   he is promising to be a   ruler. ” Mrs. Clinton herself stopped short of denouncing Mr. Trump as an authoritarian. But in her convention speech  —   and on the campaign trail in recent days  —   she described his political worldview as being in profound tension with traditional American values. That somewhat gentler argument, strategists close to Mrs. Clinton said, will be central to her campaign in the general election. She has rebuked Mr. Trump repeatedly for depicting the United States as a nation in decline and declaring, “I alone can fix it. ” That sentiment, Mrs. Clinton said, is inconsistent with democracy. Mrs. Clinton returned to that theme on Thursday, and said Mr. Trump’s proclamation should “set off alarm bells for all of us. ” “Remember,” she said, “our founders fought a revolution and wrote a Constitution so America would never be a nation where one person had all the power. ” Mr. Trump and his campaign have batted away suggestions that he holds antidemocratic views. Paul Manafort, Mr. Trump’s campaign chairman, said on Thursday that the Democrats’ new attempts to label Mr. Trump a    signaled desperation and were an effort to counter his rousing convention speech last week in Cleveland. In that address, Mr. Trump offered himself to the country as a “   candidate” and a champion of working people in a nation under siege. Democrats, Mr. Manafort said, were trying to attack Mr. Trump to skirt responsibility for the conditions he is now campaigning against. But the attacks Democrats leveled in Philadelphia may not be so easily dismissed: Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said Mr. Trump was so unprepared and so divisive that he would put American lives at risk. In an electric Wednesday night speech, Mr. Obama lumped Mr. Trump’s candidacy with violent ideologies that have spawned attacks on America. “Anyone who threatens our values, whether fascists or communists or jihadists or homegrown demagogues, will always fail in the end,” Mr. Obama said. Americans, the president said, do not “look to be ruled. ” Democrats recruited respected figures from outside the party to amplify their appeal: Michael R. Bloomberg, the billionaire former New York City mayor, who is a political independent, warned sternly that   must rally with Mrs. Clinton to stop a “dangerous demagogue. ” John Allen, a retired   Marine general, thundered into an arena dotted with American flags that voters faced a choice between Mrs. Clinton and “a dark place of discord and fear. ” There is no recent precedent in American politics for such unrelenting and direct attacks on a presidential nominee’s commitment to the basic institutions of democracy. Alvin S. Felzenberg, a historian and conservative columnist, said the latest point of comparison for this week’s Democratic barrage might be the 1940 election, in which Republicans savaged Franklin D. Roosevelt for defying tradition to pursue a third term as president. Even that, Mr. Felzenberg said, was “not with this tenacity and not at the conventions per se. ” But Mr. Trump has stirred concerns throughout the 2016 race, on the left and right, with a political approach and a set of policy prescriptions that plainly defy the norms of American politics. He has campaigned on pledges to bar Muslims from entering the United States and to torture people suspected of terrorism. (Mr. Trump has recently suggested barring people from the United States based on their country of origin, though he has not ruled out a religious test.) In Philadelphia on Thursday night, Khizr Khan, whose son, a Muslim and a United States Army captain, was killed fighting in Iraq, stirred the convention crowd as he denounced Mr. Trump’s proposal, calling it an offense against the Constitution. “Donald Trump, you’re asking Americans to trust you with their future,” Mr. Khan said. “Let me ask you, have you even read the United States Constitution?” Mr. Trump has routinely praised autocratic foreign leaders for what he characterizes as their steely leadership abilities. He has hailed Saddam Hussein, the executed Iraqi leader, for his skill at maintaining power, and said of Kim   the North Korean leader, “You have to give him credit” for consolidating authority. This week, amid reports that   hackers had breached the Democratic National Committee, Mr. Trump said he considered Mr. Putin a superior leader to Mr. Obama. Mr. Trump also said on Wednesday that he hoped Russia would hack and release emails that Mrs. Clinton deleted from her time as secretary of state. He said later that the remark was intended as sarcasm. Mr. Manafort, the Trump campaign chairman, indicated that Mr. Trump would not back away from presenting himself as a rescuer for a nation in peril. “The reason Donald Trump’s speech at the convention worked was because he was saying what people are feeling and thinking,” Mr. Manafort said in an email. Mr. Trump’s emphasis on national strength, he said, is meant to hammer home that “weak leadership” from Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton “is what caused the instability in the world that exists today. ” And Trump aides have argued that his defiant claim  —   “I alone can fix it”  —   has been distorted by Democrats. Mr. Trump, they say, aimed to present himself as the only available candidate who can turn the country around. But Democrats intend to keep up their    assault on Mr. Trump’s worldview and fitness for office: Clinton surrogates will crisscross the country with the message that he is a singular threat, and a   “super PAC” plans to beam the message into   living rooms. Jennifer Palmieri, the communications director for Mrs. Clinton, said the campaign would hammer the message that Mr. Trump is “not a normal Republican. ” “He has an incredibly disturbing theory that at its core rejects the American values of both   and the value of community,” Ms. Palmieri said. Geoff Garin, a pollster for Priorities USA Action, the main   super PAC, said the race had entered a new phase. A defining goal for the group now, he said, was to ensure that voters “reckon with what it would mean to have a dangerous demagogue like Trump as president. ” Gov. Dannel P. Malloy of Connecticut, the chairman of the Democratic Governors’ Association, said Mr. Trump’s candidacy echoed the rise of fascism in Europe before World War II. “Maybe this is an American version of that: Divide and conquer, marginalize as many as you can,” Mr. Malloy said just outside the conventional hall. The Republican presidential nominee, Mr. Malloy said, should be cast as a “uniquely bad” force in American politics. “Whether he has evil purposes in mind,” Mr. Malloy said, “he is a dangerous man. ”",0
6779,[LEAKED AUDIO] Hillary Clinton: We Should Rig the Election,"0 comments 
Leaked audio from 2006, when Hillary Clinton was running for Senate in New York, proves that she has absolutely NO apprehensions about rigging elections. 
During an editorial meeting with a small Jewish newspaper in Brooklyn, various topics were discussed, including the then-recent election in Palestine. 
Here’s what Hillary had to say about it: 
“I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake.Â And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.”",0
6780,Donald Trump: Minnesota Has ‘Suffered Enough’ Accepting Refugees,"Donald Trump: Minnesota Has ‘Suffered Enough’ Accepting Refugees Tessa Berenson, TIME, November 6, 2016 
In a pitch to suspend the nation’s Syrian refugee program , Donald Trump said Minnesotans have “suffered enough” from accepting Somali immigrants into their state. 
“Here in Minnesota you have seen firsthand the problems caused with faulty refugee vetting, with large numbers of Somali refugees coming into your state, without your knowledge, without your support or approval,” Trump said at a Minneapolis rally Sunday afternoon. 
He said his administration would suspend the Syrian refugee program and not resettle refugees anywhere in the United States without support from the communities, while Hillary Clinton’s “plan will import generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism into your schools and throughout your communities.” 
{snip}",0
6781,Climate Engineering And Microwaved Skies,"geoengineeringwatch.org 
We are all swimming in a sea of microwave transmissions that are decimating the climate system and are extremely harmful to all life forms. What you don't know can hurt you. Many are now finally beginning to look up and take notice of the ongoing atmospheric aerosol spraying that is occurring in skies all over the globe. Incredibly anomalous cloud shapes and forms which can only be considered engineered have been photographed from satellite. Extremely powerful microwave transmissions are a major aspect of the climate engineering assault that often goes unnoticed by many, even within the ranks of the anti-climate engineering movement. Radio frequency transmissions are utilized by the climate engineers to manipulate the aircraft sprayed heavy metal and chemical particulates. Like sound waves, microwave transmissions ripple through the atmosphere, leaving their telltale signature on the geoengineering aerosol laced cloud cover. Radio frequency transmissions emanating from the French Southern and Antarctic Lands, captured on satellite imagery. French Southern and Antarctic Lands Palm Springs, California. Photo credit: Ron Morgan Port Washington, New York. Photo credit: GeoengineeringWatch.org Palm Springs, California. Photo credit: Ron Morgan Morongo Valley, California. Photo credit: Ron Morgan Palm Springs, California. Photo credit: Ron Morgan Morongo Valley, California. Photo credit: Ron Morgan Morongo Valley, California. Photo credit: Ron Morgan Cantabria, Spain. Photo credit: Alberto Ibañez Morongo Valley, California. Photo credit: Ron Morgan Morongo Valley, California. Photo credit: Ron Morgan Honolulu, Hawaii. Photo credit: Irmina Bernal",0
6782,Babylon Mystery Religion Series,"Part 1 BABYLON ""SUN WORSHIP"" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDHZaMeIwRs",0
6783,"Jury Secrecy Doesn’t Apply if Bias Taints Deliberations, Justices Rule - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The Supreme Court ruled on Monday that courts must make an exception to the usual rule that jury deliberations are secret when evidence emerges that those discussions were marred by racial or ethnic bias. “Racial bias implicates unique historical, constitutional and institutional concerns,” Justice Anthony M. Kennedy wrote for the majority in the    decision. The case arose from statements made during jury deliberations in a 2010 sexual assault trial. “I think he did it because he’s Mexican, and Mexican men take whatever they want,” a juror said of the defendant, according to sworn statements from other jurors submitted by defense lawyers after the trial was over. The juror, identified in court papers as H. C. was a former law enforcement officer. After the trial was over, two other jurors submitted sworn statements describing what he had said during deliberations. “He said that where he used to patrol, nine times out of 10 Mexican men were guilty of being aggressive toward women and young girls,” one juror recalled. Those statements, Justice Kennedy wrote, warranted an investigation by the trial judge into deliberations that are ordinarily secret. Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen G. Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan joined the majority opinion. In dissent, Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. joined by Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justice Clarence Thomas, wrote that the majority opinion was a well intentioned but   intrusion into jurors’ privacy. “This is a startling development,” Justice Alito wrote, “and although the court tries to limit the degree of intrusion, it is doubtful that there are principled grounds for preventing the expansion of today’s holding. ” Justice Kennedy wrote that the usual tools to root out biased jurors  —   questioning during jury selection and reports from jurors before they render a verdict  —   are less effective when race is at issue. Pointed questions about racism may exacerbate tensions, he wrote. And jurors may be reluctant, he added, to accuse one another of insensitivity. “Not every offhand comment indicating racial bias or hostility will justify” an investigation into jurors’ deliberations, Justice Kennedy wrote. “For the inquiry to proceed, there must be a showing that one or more jurors made statements exhibiting overt racial bias that cast serious doubt on the fairness and impartiality of the jury’s deliberations and resulting verdict. ” In dissent, Justice Alito countered that it would be difficult to limit the sweep of the ruling. He added that the court’s constitutional analysis was flawed. “The real thrust of the majority opinion is that the Constitution is less tolerant of racial bias than other forms of juror misconduct, but it is hard to square this argument with the nature of the Sixth Amendment right on which petitioner’s argument and the court’s holding are based,” he wrote. “What the Sixth Amendment protects is the right to an ‘impartial jury.’ Nothing in the text or history of the amendment or in the inherent nature of the jury trial right suggests that the extent of the protection provided by the amendment depends on the nature of a jury’s partiality or bias. ” In earlier cases, the Supreme Court has said that even egregious misconduct in the jury room cannot be used to challenge a conviction if it would require jurors to testify about what was said there. Until Monday, though, the court had never confronted whether racial or ethnic prejudice requires an exception to the general rule. In 1987, in Tanner v. United States, the Supreme Court let stand convictions in a mail fraud case in Florida even though the jury had treated the trial as “one big party” fueled by “rampant drug and alcohol abuse,” as one juror described it. During recesses, jurors drank pitchers of beer and liters of wine, and they used marijuana and cocaine. Justice Sandra Day O’Connor, writing for the majority, said there were good reasons to ignore “irresponsible or improper juror behavior” if it was based on jurors’ accounts of what had gone on in the jury room.    challenges based on jurors’ testimony, she wrote, would make it less likely that jurors would speak candidly during deliberations. Allowing such challenges would encourage lawyers to harass former jurors, she said, and undermine the finality of verdicts. In 2014, in Warger v. Shauers, the Supreme Court unanimously ruled that jurors may not testify about what went on during deliberations, even to expose dishonesty during jury selection. But Justice Sotomayor, writing for the court, suggested that cases involving racial bias might require a different result. “There may be cases of juror bias so extreme that, almost by definition, the jury trial right has been abridged,” she wrote. “If and when such a case arises, the court can consider whether the usual safeguards are or are not sufficient to protect the integrity of the process. ” Monday’s decision addressed the question the court had deferred in 2014. Miguel Angel Peña Rodriguez, who maintains that he is innocent, was convicted of harassing and trying to grope two teenage sisters in a racetrack bathroom. A defense witness testified that Mr. Peña Rodriguez was elsewhere at the time of the assault. H. C. the juror said to have made the biased statements, was not persuaded by that testimony, according to a fellow juror. “He said he did not think the alibi witness was credible because, among other things, he was ‘an illegal,’” the fellow juror said. The jury deadlocked on the most serious charge, a felony, but convicted Mr. Peña Rodriguez of three misdemeanors. He was sentenced to two years’ probation. In Monday’s decision in Peña Rodriguez v. Colorado, No.   Justice Kennedy said the justice system must root out racial bias. “The progress that has already been made,” he wrote, “underlies the court’s insistence that blatant racial prejudice is antithetical to the functioning of the jury system and must be confronted in egregious cases. ” Justice Alito responded that the majority’s motives were admirable but misguided, citing the 1987 decision. “The court’s decision is ” he wrote. “It seeks to remedy a flaw in the jury trial system, but as this court said some years ago, it is questionable whether our system of trial by jury can endure this attempt to perfect it. ”",0
6784,"Wounded by ‘Fearless Girl,’ Creator of ‘Charging Bull’ Wants Her to Move - The New York Times","“Charging Bull” had a message for “Fearless Girl” on Wednesday, and it was more “Get out of my space” than “Here’s looking at you, kid. ” The message actually came from Arturo Di Modica, the sculptor who created “Charging Bull” nearly 30 years ago. He also copyrighted and trademarked the      sculpture that stands near Wall Street. Since March 7, “Charging Bull” has faced off against “Fearless Girl,” a statue of a girl posed with her fists on her hips that was commissioned by State Street Global Advisors, a financial firm based in Boston. Mr. Di Modica said that “Fearless Girl” was an insult to his work, which he created after the stock market crashes in the late 1980s. “She’s there attacking the bull,” he said. Even as Mr. Di Modica was denouncing “Fearless Girl” at a news conference in Midtown Manhattan, State Street Global’s home page highlighted the statue for its message about “the power of women in leadership” and urged “greater gender diversity on corporate boards. ” Mr. Di Modica and his lawyers did not disagree with that idea at a news conference  —   “None of us here are in any way not proponents of gender equality,” said one of Mr. Di Modica’s lawyers, Norman Siegel, a former executive director of the New York Civil Liberties Union. They demanded that “Fearless Girl” be moved somewhere else. Mayor Bill de Blasio, who spoke out in support of “Fearless Girl” last month, reiterated its importance on Twitter on Wednesday: “Men who don’t like women taking up space are exactly why we need the Fearless Girl. ” “Fearless Girl” was seen by many as a unifying symbol during International Women’s Day last month. Chelsea Clinton and the actress Jessica Chastain posted on Twitter expressing support for the statue. But on Wednesday, Mr. Siegel said, “Principle trumps popularity, and there are principles here. ” For his part, Mr. Di Modica became emotional, explaining later that when he had heard about “Fearless Girl,” his reaction was to go to the site in Lower Manhattan and try to do something to end the   between the two statues. “I said, ‘Now I’m going to turn around the bull myself,’” he recalled. The lawyers said that “Fearless Girl” had subverted the bull’s meaning, which Mr. Di Modica defined as “freedom in the world, peace, strength, power and love. ” Because of “Fearless Girl,” Mr. Siegel said, “‘Charging Bull’ no longer carries a positive, optimistic message,” adding that Mr. Di Modica’s work “has been transformed into a negative force and a threat. ” The lawyers accused State Street Global of commissioning “Fearless Girl” as a   work that was conceived with “Charging Bull” in mind. They said that that had improperly commercialized Mr. Di Modica’s statue in violation of its copyright. They asserted that the city had violated his legal rights by issuing permits allowing the    “Fearless Girl” to stand across from the   bronze bull without Mr. Di Modica’s permission. Mr. Siegel and other lawyers for Mr. Di Modica released letters they had sent to the mayor Ronald P. O’Hanley, the president and chief executive of State Street Global and Harris Diamond, the chairman and chief executive of McCann Worldgroup, State Street Global’s marketing agency. Among other things, the letters demanded the removal of “Fearless Girl. ” Anne McNally, a spokeswoman for State Street Global, said the firm was reviewing the letter. She added, “We continue to be grateful to the City of New York and people around the world who have responded so enthusiastically to what the ‘Fearless Girl’ represents  —   the power and potential of having more women in leadership. ” Mr. Siegel said he had filed Freedom of Information requests for city records about the permits for “Fearless Girl. ” It was initially issued a   permit, but after it became a social media sensation, Mr. de Blasio announced that the permit was being extended. The mayor said that the sculpture could remain until next year’s International Women’s Day. In March, the mayor called the statue a symbol of “standing up to fear, standing up to power, being able to find in yourself the strength to do what’s right. ” He also said the timing of the placement of “Fearless Girl” mattered, coming early in Donald J. Trump’s presidency and not long after the women’s rights marches that followed his inauguration. “She is inspiring everyone at a moment when we need inspiration,” the mayor said. Mr. Siegel said he hoped that the dispute over the two statues could be resolved amicably. But he added, “We never dismiss the possibility of litigation. ”",0
