id,title,text,label
14028,HOW VOTING FOR TRUMP Will Help America To Export Our Trash [VIDEO],"Even the most hardened Cruz supporters will be switching their votes when they hear about all of the sick liberals who are willing to leave America if Trump gets elected. Think of it as a public service Donald Trump said Tuesday that he would be doing a  great service  to the United States if celebrities, including Lena Dunham and Whoopi Goldberg, follow through with threats to move to Canada if he is elected president, and joked that he would campaign even harder as a result.On Monday, Dunham told attendees at an event in New York that she would  100 percent  move to Canada if Trump were elected president, and in fact already had a  beautiful and appealing  area of Vancouver in mind. Other celebrities including Miley Cyrus, Samuel L. Jackson and Raven-Symon  have similarly vowed to move to Canada in the event Trump wins. Well, she s a B-actor. She has no mojo,  Trump said of Dunham during a Tuesday interview with Fox and Friends.  I heard Whoopi Goldberg said that too. That would be a great, great thing for our country. https://youtu.be/0gtYrkdYQ88When Fox and Friends host Steve Doocy mentioned that Rosie O Donnell had vowed to move to Canada if he were elected, Trump chuckled. We ll get rid of Rosie? I love it,  he said.  Now I have to get elected, because I ll be doing a great service to our country. Now it s much more important. In fact, I ll immediately get off this call and start campaigning right now. Other celebrities who have threatened to move to Canada if Trump is elected include George Lopez, Eddie Griffin, Cher, and the Rev. Al Sharpton. Via: Breitbart NewsWatch comments from celebrities about leaving US if Trump is our next President here:",0
14029,VIOLENT LEFT EXPOSED: Anti-Trump Latino Sprays Pepper Spray In Faces Of Pro-Trump Women and Children,"This is what it looks like when the  tolerant  Left uses violence to promote their phony  tolerance  for others .A loser in the Seattle Seahawks t-shirt really hates Donald Trump. Because he s too stupid to verbalize his position and too cowardly to take on anyone his own size or gender, he decided to express his displeasure with the GOP frontrunner by pepper spraying some women and children at a Pro-Trump rally.Here s the deal: Anaheim, CA city councilwoman Kris Murray introduced a resolution denouncing Donald Trump, which reads in part,  the divisive rhetoric of presidential candidate Donald Trump as contrary to the fundamental principles of the constitutions of California and the United States and as not reflecting Anaheim s guiding principles of inclusiveness and kindness. The LA Daily News reports that more than 50 pro-Trump supporters showed up at the Anaheim City Hall to protest this ridiculous resolution on Tuesday. As you know, wherever there are Trump supporters, there are anti-Trump agitators looking to start a violent confrontation. There s no word on the anti-Trump numbers, but there were enough to be noticed. The news notes that most of these anti-Trump forces were angry young men.As the anti-Trump thugs were yelling at the pro-Trump supporters, one asshole decided to attack a group of women and children, including a 53-year-old grandmother. All I remember is a young man jumped on one of my friends and I told him to get off. Then I got pepper sprayed,  said Linda Reedy.That pepper spray was wielded by the Latino in the Seahawks shirt. Not only did he hit Reedy but also her two young grandchildren and another woman.Paramedics were seen pouring water on their eyes to try and remove the stinging spray. A young girl about 8 years old cried hysterically.It would appear as if someone, possibly Seahawks guy, also punched Reedy in the face as paramedics gave her an icepack for an unspecified facial injury.To recap: one guy attacked a woman and then the Latino pepper sprayed her, a grandmother, and two young children all because they support Donald Trump. If there are a bigger couple of pussies I d like to know who they are because these guys have the #1 and #2 spots locked up in my opinion.Despite the fact that the news was able to capture a very clear picture of the chickenshit pepper sprayer, the dozens of police on the scene were unable to identify or arrest him. No seriously, there were a dozen cops in riot gear, plus many more guarding City Hall, as well as police helicopters overhead and they couldn t apprehend this coward?Let s remember that the reason why everyone was at Anaheim City Hall was because some uppity leftist councilwoman was denouncing Trump for being intolerant. Somehow I think attacking and pepper spraying old women and young children for their beliefs is a million times less tolerant than anything Donald Trump has ever said. Will Anaheim also denounce this Latino asshole and his cohort for what they did? I doubt it.A better question is: will the national media report this assault with the same vigor that they do any time a disruptive idiot gets thrown out of a Trump rally? Again, I doubt it. The official media narrative is that Donald Trump supporters are the violent ones and anti-Trump protesters are peaceful victims of their hate.Via: DownTrend",0
14030,OBAMA’S “HATEFUL RHETORIC” All In One Video: “They cling to their guns…”,"When you hear the left screaming about  hateful rhetoric  coming from the right, just play this video for them: ",0
14031,THE TRUTH ABOUT WHY HILLARY Is The Only Candidate Who Travels With A Full-Time Physician,"This news should be enough to end Hillary s obsession with becoming our next President. The Democrats may be willing to ignore all of her criminal and immoral activities, but are they willing to accept Hillary and Bill turning our White House into an assisted living facility? Is Hillary Clinton fit to be president?Putting aside her various scandals and shoddy record as secretary of state, what about her health? Is she physically up to the job?In my new book,  Unlikeable: The Problem With Hillary,  I devote five pages to Hillary s health. As far as I can tell, however, I am the only journalist who is interested in this important subject.Given the immense stress and strain of being president, Hillary s health is an issue that demands a thorough exploration.Last July, Hillary s longtime personal physician, Dr. Lisa Bardack, released a short, two-page letter that appeared to give Hillary a clean bill of health. She does not smoke and drinks alcohol occasionally,  Bardack wrote.  She does not use illicit drugs or tobacco products. She eats a diet rich in lean protein, vegetables and fruits. She exercises regularly, including yoga, swimming, walking and weight training. According to Dr. Bardack, Hillary had completely recovered from the fainting spell, concussion and blood clot in her brain that she suffered while she was secretary of state.But Dr. Bardack s letter was hardly a detailed medical history. According to sources close to Bill and Hillary Clinton, the letter wasn t the full story then   and it s not the full story now.To this day, Hillary still suffers from many of the troubling symptoms that I wrote about in Unlikeable: blinding headaches, exhaustion, insomnia, and a tremor in her hands. As a precaution against the spectacle of fainting in public, which could easily doom her candidacy, Hillary now travels with a personal physician on all her major campaign trips.There have been several incidents in which she has nearly collapsed. For example, after her 11-hour testimony before the Trey Gowdy Benghazi committee, Hillary swooned as she walked to a waiting car. She had to be supported in the arms of her aides and helped into the back seat.Tension headaches continue to plague her and often make it hard for her to maintain her grueling schedule. Huma Abedin, deputy chief of staff and her closest adviser, frequently orders campaign aides to alter Hillary s schedule at the last moment so the candidate can catch her breath and take out time for naps. This may explain why Hillary is often as much as two hours late for a campaign appearance. She no longer has the stamina for 18-hour campaign days that she was once capable of doing,  said a source close to Hillary.Via: NewsMax We all know that getting Hillary to release her full medical records to the public is about as likely as Hillary telling the truth about what happened in Benghazi ",0
14032,"WATCH: TWO TX SCHOOL WORKERS FIRED For Refusing To Call 6 Year Old Girl A “Boy” : “One day, she wanted to be a girl, the next day she wanted to be a boy”","Because 6 year old girls are consumed with their sexual identities right? The parents should be getting regular visits by social services and the fired school manager and teacher should be reinstated and given an award for the courage to do the right thing Two school staff members say they were fired for refusing to call a six-year-old girl a boy and addressing her by a new masculine name.According to Madeline Kirksey, a manager at the Children s Lighthouse Learning Center in Katy, Texas, her staff was told a six-year-old student is transgender after the child s parents cut her hair short, Fox26 reported. They were instructed to begin referring to the student as a boy and call her by a boy s name.School administrators reportedly gave staff a handout to refer to when addressing questions from other students. It caused confusion,  Kirksey told Fox26.  I don t think we should be talking to other people s children who are under the age of 18 about being transgender. She said the school fired her after she insisted the parents of other students be notified and allowed to address the issue with their children.Not only where the other students disoriented by the sudden change, but the transgender student seemed to be confused as well. One day, she wanted to be a girl, the next day she wanted to be a boy,  Kirksey said.  The other kids are confused as well, calling her a boy and she would start screaming,  I m not a boy! Among the reasons stated in her termination letter was that Kirksey  does not follow instructions  when requested  to call a transgender child by the child s new name. Another teacher says she was also fired for raising concerns about all the confusion, according to Fox26. Via: BPR",0
14033,"DISGUSTING: Daughter, 5 Cruz Supporters Drag 91 YR OLD CONSERVATIVE ICON, Phyllis Schlafly Into Court Over Her Endorsement Of Trump","This woman is an icon in the conservative movement. She spoke out on behalf of conservatives when it was unheard of for women to take such a bold stance. Today, she is looking at a coup by her own daughter and other Cruz supporters over her endorsement for Trump. Call me crazy, but I believe she has earned the right to endorse any candidate she sees fit to take on the job of President of the United States. And this is a perfect example my friends, of why Republicans don t win elections In the latest development of 91-year-old Phyllis Schlafly s ongoing fight against Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) supporters within her organization, Schlafly will appear in court on Tuesday to fight to retain control of her legacy and the organization she founded over 40 years ago.On Tuesday at 1:30pm central time, the grassroots heroine and conservative icon will appear in Madison County, Illinois to defend her organization, Eagle Forum, against those inside her organization who are attempting a coup.As Breitbart News has previously reported, the internal strife within Eagle Forum is connected to Schlafly s decision to endorse GOP frontrunner Donald Trump over Texas Senator Ted Cruz. When explaining her support for Trump, Schlafly cited Trump s strong positions on promoting pro-America trade policies, curbing immigration, and defending national sovereignty   issues which are very important to Schlafly.The suit was filed by Schlafly s own daughter, Anne Schlafly Cori, and four other Cruz supporters within Schlafly s organization: Eunie Smith, Cathie Adams, Carolyn McLarty, and Rosina Kovar. Shirley Curry, the only other member of the so-called  Gang of Six  who is a plaintiff in this case, has not taken a public position on the presidential race.The defendants in the case are Schlafly s son, John Schlafly; Schlafly s handpicked successor, Ed Martin; and Eagle Forum itself, the organization of which Mrs. Schlafly is the chairman. The gang of 6 just served notice today,  Ed Martin told Breitbart.  They have filed suit in Madison County, IL court in their effort to takeover Phyllis Schlafly s Eagle Forum. These Cruz people are dragging Phyllis Schlafly into a southern Illinois Court where a judge is going to decide whether to strip Phyllis of control of one of her organizations. Their law firm is Spencer Fane, lawyer for Planned Parenthood. In the plaintiffs  complaint, the court summons accuses Ed Martin of having: used his position to proceed with his own personal agendas, unchecked by the articles or bylaws of the Eagle Forum 501(c)(4) and the Eagle Forum 501(c)(3), or other principles of proper corporate governance. The draconian approach to leadership evidenced by Martin has spurned Eagle Forum employees and State Presidents, many of whom have served as citizen-volunteers with Eagle Forum Entities since the 1970s, towards uproar and threatened resignation. Furthermore, with Martin as President, the Eagle Forum 501(c)(4) leadership in the national pro-family movement has diminished.In response, Martin said:The suit is not a suit by the Eagle Forum Board of directors. It is a suit by 6 individuals  The 6 plaintiffs make claims that are much more about Phyllis and her operations than about my employment. They seek to control of the bank accounts, remove board members, and impact operations. Since the board meeting they attempted to convene was not proper, all of their purported activity during that meeting was outside the law. More specifically, Eagle Forum is in the midst of an election to replace one of the 6 board members. Ballots are being cast as we speak and the results will be known soon. The 6 members rush to sue Phyllis and Eagle Forum appears to be timed to block that election because one of the plaintiffs is term limited and will be off the board. This effort to block a private association s election is improper and not legally supported.Martin said that the plaintiffs  effort to  control the bank accounts  is a direct attack on Mrs. Schlafly s authority:Phyllis has control of Eagle Forum s bank accounts, not me. Practically, day-to-day, Phyllis is in charge. She did not give me the authority to sign checks or to do our budgets. That s Phyllis  power. I was hired as her successor, meaning I work for her. They are attacking Phyllis  control over her organization, not mine. That s why this lawsuit is so strange. Anne Cori knows that I never sign checks nor control the bank account. It s a kind of ageism to suggest that Phyllis is not in charge.As Breitbart News has previously reported:  Several Cruz supporters inside Eagle Forum are unhappy with Phyllis Schlafly s Trump endorsement, and have been working behind the scenes against her for months. They have leaked emails, engaged in personal attacks, and even advanced an argument questioning whether the 91-year-old Scholarly is still competent enough to run the organization.Via: Breitbart News",0
14034,TRUMP SWEEPS FIVE STATES: Will GOP Elites Look For 3rd Party Candidate Or Will They Listen To The People? [Video],Establishment Republican and Never-Trumper Stephen Hayes from the Weekly Standard was having a difficult time Tuesday after Donald Trump won all five east coast primaries. Steve says GOP elites will look for a third party candidate if Cruz cannot beat Trump in Indiana. ,0
14035,ANTI-TRUMP Protestors Prove They Have No Basis For Their Hateful Claims Against “The Donald” [VIDEO],If ignorance is bliss the happiest people on earth can be found outside a Trump rally holding an anti-Trump sign Enjoy:,0
14036,OOPS! Black Security Guard Won’t Allow White Dude Wearing Black Lives Matter T-Shirt Into Hillary Event [VIDEO],"After much back and forth between the white dude wearing a  Black Lives Matter  t-shirt and the black man who appears to be acting as security for corrupt Hillary, the black man suggests he go to the back of the line and ask secret service for permission to enter. The good news is that it appears the line to see Hillary (as usual) is pretty short. If he had to get to the back of the line for a Trump event, that could have been an issue.https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/724776822018170881Corrupt Hillary actually sent out this tweet just before the event the white dude in the Black Lives Matter t-shirt wasn t allowed to enter:""As a white person, I have to talk about [racism] more. We are not a post-racial society.""  Hillary to @Maddow #MSNBCTownhall  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) April 26, 2016",0
14037,COMEDIAN SHOCKS LEFTIST COLLEGE STUDENTS With Best Liberal Smackdown You Have EVER Seen!…MUST Watch VIDEO!,"This video of conservative comedian Steven Crowder should be an example for every conservative in America on how to handle the well-trained Left!  It should be used in training sessions for conservatives about how to fight back against the LOUD, OBNOXIOUS liberals who have been allowed to shame and disgrace conservatives into adopting their positions for way too long! If you re tired of sitting back and allowing the Left to disrupt every conservative event or rally in America by shaming you or threatening your physical well-being, you are going love this video! Comedian Steven Crowder mercilessly tore into so-called  social justice warriors  when they disrupted his opening remarks within seconds of him taking the stage.Here is the video showing the LOUD and OBNOXIOUS protesters who Steven Crowder was addressing:Crowder was scheduled to  tell some jokes  and discuss free speech at the University of Massachusetts on Monday night alongside other speakers, including conservative firebrand Milo Yiannopoulos and former philosophy professor Christina Marie Hoff Sommers. However, the comedian quickly ditched his prepared material to give his vocal critics a  reality check. Do you have any idea, sir, how pathetic it must be to be you? These people wanted to hear a few jokes, some thoughtful discussion, but your head pops off the pillow in the morning with,  How can I be a professional victim today?  Let me go in and screw with their act just because, oh my god, your parents didn t tell you that your opinion wasn t worth that much,  Crowder said.For emphasis, he added,  I m not your gender studies professor who has to cater to your trigger warning, microagression, safe space bulls**t! It wasn t long before Crowder was apparently accused of being a  racist. Oh, I m a racist that s a new one. Where d you learn that, in social human studies 101?  the comedian asked mockingly.But the bigger issue, Crowder explained, is that the left is now  openly against  free speech and the open debate of ideas. You re not fighting for free speech, you re not fighting for rights   you re fighting for the right to be a p***y and not hear opinions that you don t like,  he said. Alright, I m done,  he concluded. Via: The Blaze",0
14038,HERE’S ALL THE PROOF YOU NEED That The Media Is LYING When They Tell You TRUMP Will Lose To HILLARY [VIDEO],"SHARE this everywhere REMEMBER WHEN THE MEDIA Breathlessly Chased Hillary s  Scooby  Van In Iowa?Unfortunately for Hillary, the mainstream media doesn t make up the majority of voters in America.Compare the media stampede for Hillary to the HUNDREDS of actual VOTERS for TRUMP, as they run after his motorcade in Rhode Island yesterday .@realDonaldTrump & @EricTrump arrive-in Warwick, Rhode Island for a #YUGE PRESIDENTIAL RALLY! #RIPrimary #Trump2016https://t.co/3wbMJMayaz  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) April 25, 2016Watch, as Hillary operative desperately tries to get her  supporters  enthused about their candidate. Unfortunately for Hillary, her fans are anything but  enthusiastic :Here s a peek into the excitement Hillary fans are showing for her candidacy:LOTS OF EXCITEMENT BEFORE ARRIVAL AT HILLARY'S FINAL RALLY. pic.twitter.com/Ngwl7Hnj5a  John Gizzi (@johngizzi) February 1, 2016And then there are the  over-flowing  crowds at the Hillary rallies and speeches:Fifteen minutes before Hillary Clinton's speech at Georgetown, the place is half empty. pic.twitter.com/eNic4QwWp4  Dana Milbank (@Milbank) December 3, 2014Compare Hillary s lethargic supporters to Trump s excited fans at his Pennsylvania rally only 4 days ago:In the BLUE state of Michigan, thousands of fans await the arrival of Trump at massive rally:",0
14039,"STUDENTS USE “Free Speech” Wall To Paint “offensive, hurtful” Message Supporting Trump… Hispanic Students Call Emergency Meeting [VIDEO]","Remember when colleges and university were one of the best places in America to have discussions about politics? To be clear, the university does in fact support free speech unless of course, you re a Trump supporter Several events for Ohio University s Greek Week, an annual, weeklong event focused on philanthropy, have been canceled after some Sorority and Fraternity Life members painted  Build the Wall  on an area typically designated for graffiti last week.The Greek Week events, set to take place between April 11 and 18, were amended after unnamed members of Sorority and Fraternity Life painted the graffiti wall by Bentley Hall, including the phrase  Build the Wall,  according to a letter sent Sunday to sororities and fraternities.The phrase has been a part of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump s campaign to construct a wall between the United States and Mexico to discourage immigration from South and Central American countries.The letter was addressed to the  OU Sorority and Fraternity Life community and supporters,  and was signed by the Interfraternity Council, Multicultural Greek Council, National Pan-Hellenic Council and the Women s Panhellenic Association. This phrase is offensive and hurtful to many individuals as it is directly tied to the Hispanic/Latino/a community, makes them feel marginalized, and the message was interpreted that they do not belong at Ohio University,  the letter stated. Via: The Post AthensNo regard was given to the potentially  offensive  message Hispanic students painted over Trump message:",0
14040,TRUMP’S GOT ‘EM ON THE RUN: Rhode Island Supporters Chase After Trump Caravan [Video],Donald Trump was in Rhode Island yesterday for a rally and his arrival sent grown men and women into a frenzy. The supporters started chasing his bus to get an up close and personal view. When have you ever seen grown men and women running towards a politician? This is unreal! ,0
14041,HOW MEXICO COULD ACTUALLY Benefit From A Trump Presidency,"It s easier to hate Trump and spew venom at him and his supporters than to use logic and reason Donald Trump has already forced Mexico to clean up its national image, underscoring how the country suffering from NAFTA could actually benefit from a Trump presidency.Mexico is launching a massive PR campaign to improve perceptions of the country after Trump exposed many of its problems, but this is a good thing: sometimes it takes your worst critic to enforce needed change.In fact, Trump s proposed border wall, hatred of the North American Free Trade Agreement and nationalistic views could help America s southern neighbor.For one thing, a lot of people don t realize NAFTA has fueled mass unemployment in Mexico, which has caused thousands of illegal immigrants to flood into the U.S. looking for jobs. There are no jobs [in Mexico] and NAFTA forced the price of corn so low that it s not economically possible to plant a crop anymore,  Rufino Dom nguez, the former coordinator of the Binational Front of Indigenous Organizations, revealed.  We come to the U.S. to work because we can t get a price for our product at home. There s no alternative. NAFTA disrupted Mexico s corn production so badly that 75,000 Iowa farmers were able to grow twice as much corn as 3,000,000 Mexican producers   and at half the cost because the U.S. maintained its corn subsidies under NAFTA.That resulted in the mass migration of Mexican farm workers flowing into America. The big wave in illegal immigration from Mexico began in the 1980s, but it picked up strongly after NAFTA   that wasn t unexpected,  NPR s Tim Robbins reported.And which presidential candidate has spoke out against NAFTA and other destructive trade agreements? Donald Trump. It s a disaster,  he said in Sept.  We will either renegotiate it, or we will break it. For entire story: Prison Planet ",0
14042,THINGS GET UGLY When Frustrated Trump Supporter Confronts Cruz Over Winning Delegates When No Votes Were Cast [VIDEO],"Unfortunately, relations between Cruz and Trump supporters won t be going get any better anytime soon Perhaps voters should be turning their focus to the very real possibility that all of this infighting will give Hillary Clinton the keys to the White House. Think gun control, think 2-4 Supreme Court Justice appointments, think finishing what Obama started https://youtu.be/TwN0HkFyRMg",0
14043,DEMOCRATS ARE AFRAID That Trump Will Beat Hillary…And Here’s The Proof [VIDEO],"Don t let Hillary s cheerleaders in the mainstream media convince you that she can beat Trump. Trump has proven himself to be a formidable opponent and don t forget that Hillary was beaten by an amateur Jr. Senator in 2008. I ve consistently said throughout the analysis of this race that I would not want to run against Donald Trump because I think he s the most dangerous candidate. Give me Ted Cruz, give me John Kasich, give me any of the vanquished they re traditional politicians, easy to beat. And, Ted Cruz, in particular, way outside the mainstream,  she said. Donald Trump, when you look from what he said the other day about the gender bill and using the bathrooms, it proves that point because he knows how to appeal to not only Libertarians but to Independents who support that, too.   So he will be a very, very tough candidate to face in a general election. I think it will be one of the closest elections we see since 2000. https://youtu.be/ZqtKc1aPiA4",0
14044,HILLARY PAYS Professional Trolls $1 MILLION To Make Her Look Popular On Social Media,"It s good to be worth tens of millions of dollars when you discover you need more than a vagina to win the Democrat nomination Hillary Clinton-aligned Super PAC, Correct the Record, is taking a page out of Vladimir Putin s playbook by employing a $1 million dollar professional internet troll army to build a paid, positive consensus about the Clinton campaign. The effort, called  Breaking Barriers 2016,  claims: While Hillary Clinton fights to break down barriers and bring America together, the Barrier Breakers 2016 digital task force will serve as a resource for supporters looking for positive content and push-back to share with their online progressive communities, as well as thanking prominent supporters and committed superdelegates on social media. Correct The Record will invest more than $1 million into Barrier Breakers 2016 activities, including the more than tripling of its digital operation to engage in online messaging both for Secretary Clinton and to push back against attackers on social media platforms like Twitter, Facebook, Reddit, and Instagram.  The campaign will essentially be employing an unknown number of paid, pro-Hillary trolls to spread positive news about the candidate and counter anyone posting negative information about her. And these aren t just ragtag trolls living in their mothers  basements   they are industry and campaign professionals. As Correct the Record acknowledges: The task force staff s backgrounds are as diverse as the community they will be engaging with and include former reporters, bloggers, public affairs specialists, designers, Ready for Hillary alumni, and Hillary super fans who have led groups similar to those with which the task force will organize.  Via: Zero Hedge",0
14045,BOOM! Al Sharpton Is HUMILIATED By FOX Host About Saying Cops Should Be Killed…Best Part Of Watters Interview: “Good Luck With The IRS”,"Yep the guys who is caught on tape openly advocated for killing cops is the same guy MSNBC hired to host his own show. It s the same guy who makes regular visits to our White House to discuss  strategy  with our Race Baiter In Chief. Imagine if this was a white man calling for a group of people to kill cops. Would his presence at the White House be tolerated by a single American? Yet, in the crazy world of the Left, his presence is not only tolerated, it is deemed necessary to stir up the vote for Democrats in the black community in 2016. We all know that without a single black candidate running for President, the only way to get the same voters to the polls that came out in droves for Barack is to stir it up on the streets. By pitting whites against blacks and and blacks against cops they believe their giving the black voter a compelling reason to vote for Hillary or Bernie.Here s Watters interview with Sharpton where denies saying he  believes in offing the cops. Here s the clip showing Al Sharpton saying the things he denies saying: I don t believe in marching. I believe in offing the pigs. Well they got pigs out here! What I believe in, I do!  Sharpton exclaimed, encouraging the laughing audience to physically take on law enforcement. He added,  Do what you believe in. Or shut up and admit you ve lost your courage and guts to stand up. Ain t nobody holding you. I ll off the man. Well off him. Plenty of crackers walking right around here tonight. WATCH here:",0
14046,WATCH: Duck Dynasty’s Willie Robertson Makes Debut On FOX News With Hilarious Commentary On Hillary And Bernie,You gotta love the socialist duck analogy ,0
14047,BREAKING: CRUZ AND KASICH Announce Plan To Take Down Trump,"As the GOP paves the way for Hillary The campaigns of Ohio Gov. John Kasich and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz have announced they are clearing paths for each other in certain states in an effort to deny Donald Trump the necessary delegates to win the Republican nomination. Having Donald Trump at the top of the ticket in November would be a sure disaster for Republicans,  Cruz s campaign manager Jeff Roe wrote in a statement Sunday.  To ensure that we nominate a Republican who can unify the Republican Party in November, our campaign will focus its time and resources in Indiana and in turn clear the path for Gov. Kasich to compete in Oregon and New Mexico, and we would hope that allies of both campaigns would follow our lead. The Kasich campaign followed their lead and released a similar statement. We are very comfortable with our delegate position in Indiana already, and given the current dynamics of the primary there, we will shift our campaign resource s West and give the Cruz campaign a clear path in Indiana,  Katich for America chief strategist John Weaver wrote. Via: Daily Caller ",0
14048,PANDERING HILLARY CLINTON Angers Prince Fans For Playing His Song At A Rally [Video],"Hillary has been pandering like crazy during this election season. She pulled out a southern accent in South Carolina and then claimed to carry hot sauce in her purse. Yes, she wants you to know she s just like you Take a look at this short Instagram video and tell me this woman isn t the biggest phony you ve ever seen! GAG!Prince fans aren t happy to see their pop-star s death used for political gain.During a campaign rally in Dunmore, Pennsylvania, Hillary Clinton walked out to Prince s iconic  Let s Go Crazy  anthem, following his death earlier in the week.You think of him as being almost eternal,  Clinton said to a Philadelphia radio station after learning of his passing.  I mean, he was a bigger-than-life personality. He was not only a songwriter and a singer but literally a one-man band. He was such a great showman. I just was so, so sad. But, longtime Prince fans quickly took to Twitter to show their disdain for Clinton using a Prince song in order to gain political points possibly, or make it seem as though she, herself, was an avid Prince fan. Via: BPRCLICK ON PICTURE TO SEE VIDEO:Welcome home @hillaryclinton ! #scranton #dunmore #hillary2016A video posted by @josephcfarley on Apr 22, 2016 at 7:14pm PDTRead more: BPR",0
14049,"AMBASSADOR CHRIS STEVENS’ Fiancé Speaks Out About Hillary Leaving Him To Die: “If he was a friend, you don’t let a friend down” [VIDEO]","It s amazing that Hillary will likely never be held accountable for the deaths of four brave Americans in Benghazi. So many family members and loved ones will have to live the rest of their lives knowing they will never see these men again, while the person responsible is the front-runner in the Democrat party for President of the United States. You just can t make this stuff up Former Fianc  of Ambassador Chris Stevens and actress and model Lydie Denier joined Steve Malzberg on Newsmax TV to discuss her memory of the late Libyan Ambassador.Ambassador Chris Stevens was murdered on September 11, 2012 in an Islamist terrorist attack.Lydie weigh in on Benghazi, and her piece:  A Voice for Ambassador Chris Stevens. She told Steve Hillary should have done a better job.Lydie Denier: As far as Hillary Clinton, it would take more than six minutes to say how I feel. But, obviously you know how I feel. I think she should have done a better job for security. And, not ignoring his requests for security. If he was a friend, as she said, then you don t let a friend down.   NewsMaxVia: Gateway Pundit ",0
14050,"BEYONCE DOUBLES DOWN…Debuts #LEMONADE, Another Race Baiting, Cop-Hating, Pro-Obama Song…With Sweet Michael Brown’s Mama and Serena Williams","Most of the world will be obsessed with Beyonce s new release, Lemonade because of her unexpected confession that she is married to a cheating pig. We have instead chosen to focus instead on the continuing efforts of the dynamic racist duo to promote distrust and hate for our law enforcemen, while helping their dear friend Barack Obama to promote racial division in America. Beyonce s self-portrayal as a saint leading women to baptism is laughable considering the hateful and divisive messages she continues to promote in her songs. She has become nothing more than a tool for Obama and the Black Lives Matter terror group. Anyone who buys her music from her husband s racist label is making a direct contribution to hate.The mothers of Trayvon Martin and and Michael Brown are featured in Beyonce s new album, which was released on Jay-Z s Tidal streaming service on Saturday night after an HBO special promoting it.Lemonade is the title of both the singer s first album in three years, and the  visual album  which aired on HBO to promote it. And the singer continued to lace her work with a political message, as well as hitting out at her husband Jay-Z amid rumors of infidelity while ultimately appearing to forgive him.The film which aired on HBO served as a bold tribute to the perseverance of African American women and the Black Lives Matter movement.The pop queen drew a theme early in Lemonade as the film cuts to a snippet from late civil rights leader Malcolm X, who is heard saying:  The most disrespected person in America is the black woman. Later, Mike Brown s mother Lesley McSpadden is seen crying as she holds a photo of her late son, whose shooting death by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri in 2014 sparked protests and a Department of Justice investigation.Trayvon Martin s mother Sybrina Fulton is also seen holding a photo of her son, who was shot dead at the age of 17 by George Zimmerman, in a case that sparked national outrage in 2012. After screening on HBO, the album will only be available on Tidal, Jay Z s pay-for music subscription. However, HBO will screen a rerun on Sunday April 24 at 8pm Eastern Time.Beyonc  has been known to get political with her music   she caused controversy at the Super Bowl after she and her dancers dressed similarly to the Black Panther Party, which was known for being confrontational with officers.Just before the Super Bowl, Beyonc  released Formation and accompanied the song with a video in line with the burgeoning Black Lives Matter movement against perceived police brutality, with one scene showing officers raising their hands up as if under arrest.The video won wide praise from activists and Beyonc s fan base, although her political turn outraged some conservatives.Beyonc , one of the most successful contemporary artists who has mostly avoided controversy in the past, later said in an interview that she was taking issue with abuses, not with all police.The pop queen, whose Formation World Tour begins next month, again got political in the visual album.In addition to playing a quote from Malcolm X, the singer included the mothers of African-American victims of police brutality and gun violence.Mike Brown s mother Lesley McSpadden is seen crying as she holds a photo of her late son, whose shooting death by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri in 2014 sparked protests and a Department of Justice investigation.Trayvon Martin s mother Sybrina Fulton is also seen holding a photo of her son, who was shot dead at the age of 17 by George Zimmerman, in a case that sparked national outrage in 2012. In another segment, Beyonc  sings about breaking her own chains and being free.And in a spoken-word interlude, a young African-American man talks about how President Obama inspired him.Lemonade also included clips of a young Beyonc  with her father, Mathew Knowles. Beyonc  sits next to him on the sofa, as they exchange  I love yous. The film begins with a mention of her father, as Beyonc  whispers:  Where do you go when you go quiet? You remind me of my father, a magician, able to exist in two places at once.  In the tradition of men, in my blood you come home at 3am and lie to me. What are you hiding?  she whispers.And she makes numerous pointed references to an unfaithful lover   before her husband Jay Z appears as she sings about forgiveness. In the fourth track of the album, titled Sorry, Beyonc  sings:  Middle fingers up, put them hands high. Wave it in his face, tell him, boy, bye. Tell him, boy, bye, middle fingers up. I ain t thinking bout you. She concludes:  He better call Becky with the good hair.  The scene drove viewers and listeners wild, with thousands of comments flooding Twitter about this elusive  Becky . Within minutes  #BeckyWithTheGoodHair  was trending on Twitter.As she sits at a piano alone, viewers see flashback scenes of her wedding to Jay Z in 2008, and them lying in bed together. My daddy warned me about men like you,  she sings.  Cause every promise, don t work out that way. Nothing seems to hurt like the smile on your face.  At one point she sings  Are you cheating on me?  then later says she is  jealous and crazy .Later, the couple appear together as she sings:  Baptize me. Now that reconciliation is possible, if we re gonna heal, let it be glorious. Another clip showed the pair getting matching  IV  tattoos on their ring fingers in a tribute to their daughter Blue Ivy.But anyone that wants to rewatch it will have to download Tidal, which holds exclusive rights to the whole album.Tidal, which costs $9.99-a-month, is Jay Z s attempt to rival free services like Spotify and YouTube, which he claims to not value artists  content. It was set up in early 2015 after Jay Z bought the company from its Swedish founders. Via: Daily Mail ",0
14051,MICHELLE OBAMA Rants About Mississippi’s ‘Religious Freedom’ Bill During Commencement Speech,"Our racist First lady made an impact on the graduates of Jackson State by turning her commencement speech into a political rant way to go Michelle! Everything is about the  shtruggle  with this radical ideologue. She s probably the worst person to pick for anything uplifting because in her eyes it s all about being a victim. Can t wait to see her leave the White House!In a rare entrance into a politically charged controversy, first lady Michelle Obama used a commencement speech Saturday at Jackson State University in Mississipppi to directly target the state s recently-passed  religious freedom  bill. We see it right here in Mississippi   just two weeks ago -  how swiftly progress can hurtle backward,  Obama said.  How easy it is to single out a small group and marginalize them because of who they are or who they love. Obama made the comment following an impassioned revival of the state and university s stained history with regard to civil rights. So we ve got to stand side by side with all our neighbors  - straight, gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender; Muslim, Jew, Christian, Hindu immigrant, Native American   because the march for civil rights isn t just about African Americans, it s about all Americans,  she said.  It s about making things more just, more equal, more free for all our kids and grandkids. That s the story you all have the opportunity to write. That s what this historic university has prepared you to do.  The state has received growing criticism from human rights organizations and businesses over the controversial law, saying it restricts the rights of the LGBT community. In a press conference Friday in the United Kingdom, President Obama was asked about a recent travel advisory to British LGBT citizens cautioning them of the newly passed law, he said it  should be overturned. In her speech, the first lady also reflected on the heated political battles her husband has endured as president, and urged students not to fall into disarray over the  anger and vitriol  in the political environment. We pay endless attention to folks who are blocking action, blocking judges, blocking immigration, blocking a raise in the minimum wage. Just blocking,  Obama said.  We are consumed with the anger and vitriol that are bubbling up, with folks shouting at each other, using hateful and divisive language. Obama then revisited some of the vitriol directed towards her husband over his eight years as president, including the  birther  conspiracy theory widely promoted by GOP frontrunner Donald Trump just five years ago. And then there s the countless times when that language gets personal and is directed at my husband  - charges that he doesn t love our country,  Obama said.  The time he was called a liar in front of a joint session of Congress. The nonstop questions about his birth certificate and his belief in God. Via: ABC",0
14052,SHERIFF CLARKE Rips Into Hillary For Pandering To Gangs…How Low Can You Go? [Video], Joining a gang is like having a family it s feeling like you re part of something bigger than yourself we re going to have positive gangs.    HRC ,0
14053,"OBAMA TO BRITAIN On His Legacy: I Saved The World Economy, Made Deal With Iran, Stopped Ebola","Hey Barry you forgot to mention that time you parted the seas oh wait, that wasn t you. Why not tell Britain the truth? Tell them how you created the most hostile atmosphere towards law enforcement that this nation has ever seen. How your real legacy will be that of the worst racial division since the civil rights era. You also neglected to mention that you destroyed our relationship with Israel (our only true ally in the Middle East), while making  friends  with communist regimes and cutting lopsided deals with radical Islamic nations who openly advertise their hate for America for all the world to see. Don t kid yourself Barry. Your legacy will be that of the worst President to ever occupy the White House.  President Barack Obama boasted of his legacy during a town hall in Britain, asserting that he single- handedly saved the world during his presidency. Saving the world economy from a Great Depression   that was pretty good,  Obama bragged when asked by a student in London what he wanted his legacy to be.He recalled that when he visited London in 2009, the world economy was in a  freefall  because of irresponsible behavior of financial institutions around the world. For us to be able to mobilize the world s community, to take rapid action, to stabilize the financial markets, and then in the United States to pass Wall Streets reforms that make it much less likely that a crisis like that can happen again, I m proud of that,  he said.Here s your real legacy Barry...Obama also touted his Iran nuclear deal as  something I m very proud of  asserting that he successfully stopped their nuclear weapons program without going to war.He griped that everybody forgot about his efforts in stopping the Ebola crisis, saving  hundreds of thousands of lives. I think that I have been true to myself during this process,  Obama said, insisting that the things he said while running for office  matched up  with his presidency. I ll look at a scorecard in the end,  he concluded.  Change takes time. Oftentimes what you start has then to be picked up by your successors or the next generation. He added that the fight for change was like a relay race and that he was prepared to pass the baton to his successor.Enter Hillary Hopefully they re running in the right direction,  he joked.Via: Breitbart News ",0
14054,NBA THREATENS NC…Let Men Share Bathrooms With Your Daughters Or We’ll Cancel All-Star Game,"So in other words, parents better allow men to use the same bathrooms and locker rooms as your little girls or the NBA is gathering up their balls and running away. Is the NBA still a professional sports organization, or have they morphed into a radical social change group? If the answer is the latter, you won t see me pay another dime to sit in the stands of another NBA game. I don t think I m alone in that thinking either. Putting social issues before the safety and well-being of women and children is misguided and dangerous. Click HERE to comment on NBA Commissioner Adam Silver s Facebook page. Commissioner Adam Silver believes the NBA has been  crystal clear  that the 2017 All-Star Game only stays in Charlotte if a North Carolina law goes.Political and business leaders he s spoken with in the state believe it will, so he s holding off for now on setting any deadlines for when the NBA might act.Silver said last week that the law that limits anti-discrimination protections for lesbian, gay and transgender people was  problematic  for the league, but he believed dialogue was more useful than ultimatums at this point, so has continued discussions with North Carolina officials. The sense was that if the NBA could give us some time, they in the community of North Carolina were optimistic they would see a change in the law. They weren t guaranteeing it and I think which was why my response was the event still is 10 months from now, we don t need to make a decision yet,  Silver said Thursday during a meeting of Associated Press Sports Editors. We ve been, I think, crystal clear that we believe a change in the law is necessary for us to play in the kind of environment that we think is appropriate for a celebratory NBA event, but that we did have some time and that if the view of the people who were allied with us in terms of a change, if their view, the people on the ground in North Carolina, was that the situation would best be served by us not setting a deadline, we would not set a deadline at this time. The North Carolina law directs transgender people to use public toilets corresponding to the sex listed on their birth certificate. The law also excludes LGBT people from state anti-discrimination protections, blocks local governments from expanding LGBT protections, and bars all types of workplace discrimination lawsuits from state courts.Several entertainment acts have already canceled plans for North Carolina but Silver said last week he didn t think a warning that the NBA could pull the All-Star weekend out would send the proper message, particularly because the league still has the Charlotte Hornets, owned by Michael Jordan, playing there. The Hornets host playoff games this weekend.All-Star weekend is scheduled for February. Silver said there is no urgency to make a decision because the league could very easily find out which arenas would take on the event if necessary.Via: AP News  ",0
14055,NEW LAW WILL PUNISH MUSLIM Migrants…Assimilate Or Get Out!,"Is this common sense law even practical given how many Muslims migrants with ties to terrorism have already embedded themselves in communities across Europe. The mass sexual assaults and rapes that took place on New Years Eve in Germany should be a pretty good indicator of how interested these male Muslim migrants are in assimilating.  German Chancellor Angela Merkel s ruling coalition agreed Thursday on tough measures to spur the integration of migrants and refugees, including sanctions for failing to take part in programs such as language classes.The deal, hammered out in six hours of late-night talks between Merkel s conservative Christian Union bloc and the Social Democrats (SPD), also included plans for new anti-terror legislation. Now that hundreds of thousands (over a million) refugees have arrived in our country, we have a double task: to manage and control refugee flows, and not only to register but to integrate the large numbers,  Merkel said at a Berlin press conference on Thursday. We will differentiate between those with good and bad prospects for being allowed to stay, but there will be an offer for everyone who comes to us,  she added. Integration in a society with people from very different cultural backgrounds doesn t happen by itself,  said Vice-Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel, who claimed the new law was a  truly historic step .Indeed, it is the first time a law covering immigration and integration has been mooted since Germany began a postwar programme to invite Turks and other  guest workers  to fuel its economic miracle, which was criticized for failing to provide millions of immigrants and their descendants a stake in German society and a path to citizenship.The integration bill would take a carrot-and-stick approach, providing subsidized courses to help newcomers find their way in German life but, in some cases, denying residence permits to those who fail to take up the offer.Under the new pact seen by AFP, federal funds would be used to create 100,000 jobs for asylum seekers receiving benefits.Those facing imminent deportation would be excluded, but asylum seekers taking part in job training would be shielded from expulsion for the length of the programme.Refugees who abandon state-assigned housing would face unspecified consequences, but waiting periods for acceptance courses teaching German language and customs are to be slashed to six weeks from three months currently. Learning the language is also necessary for temporary stays in Germany,  the document states.The draft law is to be completed on May 24 and then presented to parliament, where the so-called grand coalition has a large majority.Germany took in more than one million asylum seekers in 2015 and Merkel has faced mounting criticism from sceptics, particularly from within her conservative camp, arguing that Europe s top economy is ill-equipped to cope with the influx.The closure of the so-called Balkan route taken by many migrants has led to a sharp decline in new arrivals in recent weeks.Via: The Local de",0
14056,"MURDERERS AND RAPISTS FOR HILLARY: VA Governor, Close Clinton Friend Gives 206,000 Felons Voting Rights, Releases Them From Jail Before Election","The good news for Hillary is that she should be able to connect with these hardened criminals on a personal level. The only thing that stands behind Hillary and an orange jumpsuit is her husband s connections and the corrupt Democrat machine that can t get enough of the Clinton Crime Syndicate.In a move called  unprecedented  by the Richmond-Times Dispatch, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe signed a sweeping order that grants 206,000 convicted felons voting rights just months before the presidential election.McAuliffe s order extends to non-violent and violent felons, including convicted murderers and rapists, an expert told the New York Times.If some cannot abide by society s standards, those standards are  barriers  that society  must break down,  McAuliffe affirmed in announcing the order. If we are going to build a stronger and more equal Virginia, we must break down barriers to participation in civic life for people who return to society seeking a second chance. We must welcome them back and offer the opportunity to build a better life by taking an active role in our democracy. I believe it is time to cast off Virginia s troubling history of injustice and embrace an honest, clean process for restoring the rights of these men and women,  the governor said in a statement.McAuliffe couched his move in terms of social justice and civil rights, having compared felon disenfranchisement to a poll tax. The order will likely boost black voter turnout in a critical swing state that could deliver Hillary Clinton   one estimate provided to the New York Times claimed as many as one in five blacks in Virginia lost their right to vote after being convicted for committing felonies. Via: Breitbart News ",0
14057,BAM! LIBERAL THUG Tossed From Trump Rally…Crowd Goes Nuts! [Video],"Donald Trump was in Waterbury, Connecticut speaking to a huge group of supporters when a disgusting thug interrupted his speech. He was promptly tossed but you know the liberal media will blame Trump somehow  ",0
14058,GRIFTER HILLARY CLINTON WAS PAID For Speeches Given To Government Contractors…No Ethics!,"A new report tells us what we already knew about Hillary s speeches government contractors paid Clinton big bucks for speeches opening a conflict of interest up that calls into question the ethics of the woman who wants to be our next president  Grifters like the Clintons don t care much for ethics though so this will be spun by the mean stream media and her supporters. Pitiful! WASHINGTON (AP)   It s not just Wall Street banks. Most companies and groups that paid Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton to speak between 2013 and 2015 have lobbied federal agencies in recent years, and more than one-third are government contractors, an Associated Press review has found. Their interests are sprawling and would follow Clinton to the White House should she win election this fall.The AP s review of federal records, regulatory filings and correspondence showed that almost all the 82 corporations, trade associations and other groups that paid for or sponsored Clinton s speeches have actively sought to sway the government   lobbying, bidding for contracts, commenting on federal policy and in some cases contacting State Department officials or Clinton herself during her tenure as secretary of state.Presidents are not generally bound by many of the ethics and conflict-of-interest regulations that apply to non-elected executive branch officials, although they are subject to laws covering related conduct, such as bribery and illegal gratuities. Clinton s 94 paid appearances over two years on the speech circuit leave her open to scrutiny over decisions she would make in the White House or influence that may affect the interests of her speech sponsors.Via: AP",0
14059,ACTRESS JODIE FOSTER Weighs In On The Phony ‘War On Women’…Hillary Won’t Like This!," Jodie Foster gives a dose of common sense to set the record straight on the phony war on women being pushed by the left: I don t think there is a big plot to keep women down Jodie Foster said she s tired of people oversimplifying the issue of gender equality in Hollywood, declaring that there isn t some major plot in the industry  to keep women down. The 53-year-old  Money Monster  director made the comments Wednesday during a panel at the Tribeca Film Festival with fellow director Julie Taymor, Variety reported.Ms. Foster said,  I feel like the issue is way more complicated than saying,  Why aren t women making big mainstream franchises? There are so many reasons,  she continued.  Some of them are about our psychology, some of them are about the financial world, some of them are about the global economy. There are so many answers to that go back hundreds of years. It would be nice to be able to have a more complex conversation and to be able to look at it more than just a quota or numbers. I don t think there is a big plot to keep women down,  she added.  It is neglect really, and a lot of people that weren t thinking about it, and a lot of female executives who have risen to the top, who have not really made a dent of bringing many women into the mainstream world. Money Monster,  Ms. Foster s fourth feature film which premieres next month at the Cannes Film Festival, tells the story of a failed investor who holds a television commentator hostage on live TV, Variety reported. Though it comes at a time when Wall Street is at the center of debate in the Democratic presidential race, Ms. Foster insisted the film isn t meant to be political. For me really it is a character film,  she told the magazine.  The backdrop of technology is really interesting to me.   Technology is making us closer and we have this virtual intimacy that sometimes feels closer than real intimacy. Via: WT ",0
14060,HILLARY CAUGHT IN THE ACT OF Breaking The Law In NY To Get Votes [VIDEO],"Imagine what it must be like to be one of the only people in America who doesn t have to abide by any of our laws. Apparently it pays to be a Clinton.Even though it s against the law to campaign inside the polling place or within 100 feet of the measured entrances of the polling place in NY, Hillary and Bill can clearly been seen breaking that law in the video below. Much like Obama though, Hillary knows that no one will hold her accountable for her actions. She and Bill are above the laws that the  everyday people  Hillary claims to be a champion for, are required to follow.Watch Hillary and Bill pander for votes in the video below:NY State Law Prohibiting Electioneering Activities In NY: While the polls are open no person shall do any electioneering within the polling place, or in any public street, within a one hundred foot radial measured from the entrances designated by the inspectors of election, to such polling place or within such distance in any place in a public manner; and no political banner, button, poster or placard shall be allowed in or upon the polling place or within such one hundred foot radial. (N.Y. Election Law   8 104(1))",0
14061,"HELPING HILLARY: What The Virginia Governor Just Did Will Help 200,000 More People Vote For Hillary","Felons get to vote all of a sudden in Virginia because the governor is a buddy of the Clinton s .dirty politics seems to follow the Clintons. There s a long history of corruption between McAuliffe and Bill Clinton. Once again, they re just helping each other out  On Friday Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D-VA) gave 200,000 felons the right to vote. The list includes rapists and murderers. But, it s OK. It will help Hillary Clinton in the fall. The Washington Post reported:Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D) will make all ex-felons in Virginia eligible to vote in the upcoming presidential election, part of a years-long effort to restore full voting rights to former convicts.McAuliffe s announcement in Richmond on Friday will allow an estimated 180,000 to 210,000 former felons who are not in prison or on probation or parole to register to vote this year in Virginia, a battleground state, according to a coalition of civil rights groups that had pushed for the restoration of voting rights.Advocates said McAuliffe s move was the biggest-ever single action taken to restore voting rights in this country. It is a historic day for democracy in Virginia and across our nation,  said Tram Nguyen, co-executive director of the New Virginia Majority, a progressive activist group.  The disenfranchisement of people who have served their sentences was an outdated, discriminatory vestige of our nation s Jim Crow past. Many Republicans viewed McAuliffe s action as a blatant favor to his longtime friend Hillary Clinton, for whom he and his wife recently raised $2 million at their McLean home. It is hard to describe how transparent the Governor s motives are,  House Speaker William J. Howell (R-Stafford) said in a statement.  The singular purpose of Terry McAuliffe s governorship is to elect Hillary Clinton President of the United States. This office has always been a stepping stone to a job in Hillary Clinton s cabinet.Republicans were particularly outraged that the policy doesn t take into account the violence of the crime, whether the person committed serial crimes, whether they ve committed crimes since completing their sentence or whether they ve paid their victims back for medical bills.Via: WaPo",0
14062,GLOBAL CLIMATE CHANGE LIARS Ignore Truth About EARTH DAY Founder: Murdered Girlfriend…Turned Her Into Compost,"Global Climate cooling warming change frauds around the world are celebrating Earth Day today. If they were just celebrating God s glorious gift to mankind that would be one thing, but they re not. Jack-holes like Barack Obama are jumping on gas guzzling, CO2 emitting jets and flying to Europe to lecture Europeans on the dangers of cow farts and such. They re shutting down coal industries around the world, leaving a wide swath of mass poverty in their wake, which interestingly enough, affects the least protected class in America; the white working man. But none of these things matter to a group of we-know-better-than-you Leftists who base their fight against energy producers on  science  that is less than settled as the basis for their arguments. It s time to peel back the layers of fraud and deceit and stand up to the climate change bullies who are actually beginning to threaten prosecution for anyone who disagrees with them.Having expressed our views on the validity of global  whatever they call it today, it seems like the perfect time to expose the founder of Earth Day.  Enjoy Ira Einhorn was on stage hosting the first Earth Day event at the Fairmount Park in Philadelphia on April 22, 1970. Seven years later, police raided his closet and found the  composted  body of his ex-girlfriend inside a trunk.A self-proclaimed environmental activist, Einhorn made a name for himself among ecological groups during the 1960s and  70s by taking on the role of a tie-dye-wearing ecological guru and Philadelphia s head hippie. With his long beard and gap-toothed smile, Einhorn   who nicknamed himself  Unicorn  because his German-Jewish last name translates to  one horn   advocated flower power, peace and free love to his fellow students at the University of Pennsylvania. He also claimed to have helped found Earth Day.But the charismatic spokesman who helped bring awareness to environmental issues and preached against the Vietnam War   and any violence   had a secret dark side. When his girlfriend of five years, Helen  Holly  Maddux, moved to New York and broke up with him, Einhorn threatened that he would throw her left-behind personal belongings onto the street if she didn t come back to pick them up.And so on Sept. 9, 1977, Maddux went back to the apartment that she and Einhorn had shared in Philadelphia to collect her things, and was never seen again. When Philadelphia police questioned Einhorn about her mysterious disappearance several weeks later, he claimed that she had gone out to the neighborhood co-op to buy some tofu and sprouts and never returned.It wasn t until 18 months later that investigators searched Einhorn s apartment after one of his neighbors complained that a reddish-brown, foul-smelling liquid was leaking from the ceiling directly below Einhorn s bedroom closet. Inside the closet, police found Maddux s beaten and partially mummified body stuffed into a trunk that had also been packed with Styrofoam, air fresheners and newspapers.After his arrest, Einhorn jumped bail and spent decades evading authorities by hiding out in Ireland, Sweden, the United Kingdom and France. After 23 years, he was finally extradited to the United States from France and put on trial. Taking the stand in his own defense, Einhorn claimed that his ex-girlfriend had been killed by CIA agents who framed him for the crime because he knew too much about the agency s paranormal military research. He was convicted of murdering Maddux and is currently serving a life sentence. Via: NBC News h/t Weasel Zippers I don t think there is a person alive who doesn t agree we should be good stewards of the earth and that we should always be searching to find ways to leave this earth better than when we found it. The time has come however, for Americans to stand up to what is really a backdoor attempt at total government control over our lives.Read story at link: EYE-OPENING: Why Liberals Won t Talk About White, Poverty Stricken, Rural AmericansAre you willing to sit back and watch your fellow Americans working in the essential production of domestic energy lose everything they have worked so hard for their whole lives? What happens to working Americans when our government shuts down coal mines, devastates communities who depend on fracking or towns dependent on offshore drilling? Are you willing to watch entire towns and communities be destroyed because a petulant, huckster President promised he would bankrupt an industry that didn t fit into his radical agenda? People need to stop relying on Donald Trump to fight back. We have the ability today to fight back. Stop allowing people to treat you like a criminal if you don t agree with the climate change lie. Call your local, (Click here for state)and (Click here for federal) representatives and DEMAND they stop placing unrealistic regulations on our coal mines that are essentially being used to shut them down. Individuals have more power when we work together to fight back against a government with a radical progressive agenda. There has never been a better time than now. Make Earth Day be the day you decide to fight back against the dirty little lies of the progressive Left.",0
14063,POWERFUL: A RAPE SURVIVOR EXPLAINS Why Men Should Never Be Allowed In Women’s Bathrooms And Locker Rooms,"This is a powerful story of a courageous young woman who is fighting for the rights of women and children everywhere in America to feel safe in public bathrooms and locker rooms. It is a MUST read and SHARE story.A few months ago, Kaeley Triller, from the  Keep Locker Rooms Safe  organization and a victim of rape registered for a workshop called  The Story Workshop  at the Allende Center in Seattle. It was primarily aimed at helping survivors of sexual abuse find the purpose and weight in their fractured personal narratives, the conference promised to be intense but deeply healing.I don t know exactly what I expected. I was naively hopeful that I would get a few good writing tips that would enable me to beautify my past and approach it like one of Aesop s fables third-person fiction with a perfect little moral at the end of the story.That s not what happened. One of the pre-assignments was to write 700 words about a painful childhood memory. I was surprised at the one I chose. It wasn t a heavy hitter, so to speak. I wrote about a Polaroid picture I kept rediscovering in a shoebox at my parents  house, and my inability to figure out why looking at it made me want to rip it to shreds.I m about ten years old in the picture, with scraggly hair, pale skin, and a vacant expression. I m wearing my mom s oversized knit sweater and Oxford shoes my dad had bought me. In my hands is a piece of green felt I d cut into the shape of New York for a school report about a U.S. state. Coincidentally or not, New York is the place my abuser had recently moved. I think I wanted to be closer to him. Don t try to understand it. I still don t.My small group dissected the story with grace and insight that could only be offered by those who spoke the same horrific language of shame and rage and grief. I felt nothing as I spoke about it.  It is what it is,  I remember saying, committed to my ambivalence. My group leader brushed away a tear and said,  Kaeley, this story breaks my heart. Why do you hate the little girl in that picture so much?  I couldn t access her understanding or her empathy. I recognized the accuracy of her assessment, but I didn t know how to change it.Later that evening, one of the workshop presenters tasked us with a seemingly benign activity. We were instructed to play with crayons and miniature tubs of play dough on the tables in front of us. I hated these types of exercises. I thought they were such a waste of time. I reached for a purple crayon and reluctantly complied. I drew a picture of a flower and rolled a snake out of my play dough. And I burst into tears.The invitation to engage as a child had revealed my whole dilemma: I didn t hate the little girl in the photo. I hated her need. I hated her anonymity. I hated the visible proof that she loved her abuser. I hated that she didn t know any better, that it took her another ten years to figure out why she still slept with the light on and showered in her underwear and vigilantly lined the crack under the bathroom door with a beach towel and destroyed her teeth with gum she relentlessly chewed as a means of escaping the recollection of his breath on her face. I hated that he fooled her. He fooled everybody. He was really good. Wake up!  I wanted to scream at her.  Can t you see what s going on? Do something about it! It s the same desperate inclination I m fighting today. Everywhere I read in the news, there s talk of another school or gym or business that is boldly adopting  progressive  new locker room policies designed to create equal rights for people who identify as transgender. These policies allow transgender individuals to use the locker room consistent with the sex they identify as their own, regardless of anatomy.While some have proposed a third option for transgender people (single-occupancy restrooms and showers), this option has been largely struck down, and employees are prohibited from suggesting it, as it is considered discriminatory and emotionally damaging to a group of people who are working so hard to fit in. The solution? Anyone can use whatever restroom he or she wants without being questioned.I read these reports, and my heart starts to race. They can t be serious. Let me be clear: I am not saying that transgender people are predators. Not by a long shot. What I am saying is that there are countless deviant men in this world who will pretend to be transgender as a means of gaining access to the people they want to exploit, namely women and children. It already happens. Just Google Jason Pomares, Norwood Smith Burnes, or Taylor Buehler, for starters.While I feel a deep sense of empathy for what must be a very difficult situation for transgender people, at the beginning and end of the day, it is nothing short of negligent to instate policies that elevate the emotional comfort of a relative few over the physical safety of a large group of vulnerable people.Don t they know anything about predators? Don t they know the numbers? That out of every 100 rapes, only two rapists will spend so much as single day in jail while the other 98 walk free and hang out in our midst? Don t they know that predators are known to intentionally seek out places where many of their preferred targets gather in groups? That perpetrators are addicts so committed to their fantasies they ll stop at nothing to achieve them?Do they know that more than 99 percent of single-victim incidents are committed by males? That they are experts in rationalization who minimize their number of victims? Don t they know that insurance companies highlight locker rooms as a high-risk area for abuse that should be carefully monitored and protected?Don t they know that one out of every four little girls will be sexually abused during childhood, and that s without giving predators free access to them while they shower? Don t they know that, for women who have experienced sexual trauma, finding the courage to use a locker room at all is a freaking badge of honor? That many of these women view life through a kaleidoscope of shame and suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder, depression, dissociation, poor body image, eating disorders, drug and alcohol abuse, difficulty with intimacy, and worse?Why would people knowingly invite further exploitation by creating policies with no safeguards in place to protect them from injury? With zero screening options to ensure that biological males who enter locker rooms actually identify as female, how could a woman be sure the person staring at her wasn t exploiting her? Why is it okay to make her wonder? Wake up!  I want to scream.  Can t you see what s going on? Do something about it! Despite the many reports of sexual abuse and assault that exist in our world, there s an even larger number of victims who never tell about it. The reason? They re afraid no one will believe them. Even worse, they re terrified of a reality they already innately know to be true: even if people did know, they wouldn t do anything to help. They re not worth protecting. Even silence feels better than that.There s no way to make everyone happy in the situation of transgender locker room use. So the priority ought to be finding a way to keep everyone safe. I d much rather risk hurting a smaller number of people s feelings by asking transgender people to use a single-occupancy restroom that still offers safety than risk jeopardizing the safety of thousands of women and kids with a policy that gives would-be predators a free pass.Is it ironic to no one that being  progressive  actually sets women s lib back about a century? What of my right to do my darndest to insist that the first time my daughter sees the adult male form it will be because she s chosen it, not because it s forced upon her? What of our emotional and physical rights? Unless and until you ve lined a bathroom door with a towel for protection, you can t tell me the risk isn t there.For me, healing looks like staring at the little girl in a Polaroid photo and validating her need to be seen, heard, and protected instead of hating it. It looks like telling my story, even the parts I can never make pretty, in hopes it will help break the anonymity of survivors and create a sense of responsibility in others to act.I still battle my powerlessness to do anything that feels substantial to affect change, but the good Lord didn t bring me out of Egypt and set my feet upon a rock so I could stand idly by in the face of danger. So even if a little article or Facebook post doesn t ultimately change the world, it s better than silent resignation to negligence and harm. I feel a sense of urgency to invite people to consider the not-so-hidden dangers of these policies before more and more of them get cemented into place. Once that happens, the only way they ll change is when innocent people get hurt.Even if there aren t hundreds of abusers rushing into locker rooms by the dozens, the question I keep asking myself is,  What if just one little girl gets hurt by this? Would that be enough to make people reconsider it? And what if that little girl was me?  It s a question I really don t want to ask. But God s grace has enabled me to value the face in the photo enough to realize that I have to. And even if I don t like the answer, at least I wasn t silent.Author  Kaeley Triller Via: The Federalist",0
14064,WATCH: BERNIE SANDERS Supporter Wants YOU To Pay Off Her $226K Debt…Wait Till You See What A Job With Her Degree Pays,"The entitled generation .Wearing a cardboard sign upon which  $226K  is written in green characters, a supporter of Senator Bernie Sanders told 24-year-old actress Shailene Woodley that she owes $226,000 in debt.@lindsayzissis telling me why she's voting for #BernieSanders she's $226,000 in debt for trying to help the world pic.twitter.com/oo2Z7q8nDv  Shailene Woodley (@shailenewoodley) April 16, 2016Woodley, also a supporter of the socialist senator from Vermont, then asked the young female what she had studied after high school.The answer?  Speech pathology. The average mean wage for a Speech Language Pathologist in the US is $77,000 per year. Sanders has promised  free tuition  nationwide at post-secondary institutions, without specifying conditions relating to preferred pursuits. Under Sanders s proposal, those wishing to become mechanical engineers, pediatricians, or electricians will be afforded the same taxpayers assistance as those studying Greek mythology,  social justice,  or  women s studies.  Via: Daily Wire",0
14065,FLASHBACK: ESPN Female Reporter Still Employed After Being CAUGHT ON VIDEO Berating Garage Attendant…Curt Schilling Fired After Sharing Conservative Views On Facebook,"Leftist Disney owned ESPN has a strange way of determining who is and isn t the type of host they want to be the face of their network.  ESPN just fired baseball great Curt Schilling for sharing an opinion that was contrary to that of leftist Disney owned ESPN when he shared this meme on his personal Facebook page:Schilling added,  A man is a man no matter what they call themselves. I don t care what they are, who they sleep with, men s room was designed for the penis, women s not so much. Now you need laws telling us differently? Pathetic. ESPN then fired Schilling, announcing,  ESPN is an inclusive company. Curt Schilling has been advised that his conduct was unacceptable and his employment with ESPN has been terminated. Asked about the controversy on local radio, Schilling explained,  To be in a place where people actually believe I m a racist or I m transphobic says to me that something has gone horribly askew somewhere. This wasn t the first time Schilling felt the heat from ESPN for his political views. He got slammed for retweeting a graphic that read,  It s said only 5%-10% of Muslims are extremists. In 1940, only 7% of Germans were Nazis. How d that go?  Schilling added,  The math is staggering when you get to true # s.  This was too much for ESPN, which had to step in to defend ISIS, and promptly suspended him from broadcast.Schilling made the horrible mistake of speaking truth in a place where only leftist falsehood is tolerated. ESPN has no problem firing a beloved host for speaking out against radical Islam and the LGBTQ-WXYZ Mafia. ESPN seems to have a soft spot however for female reporters like Britt McHenry (seen in video below) who berate and bully women who she considers to be less fortunate and important than her. Watch here:McHenry was given a one week suspension for her horrific and condescending behavior.ESPN host Stephen A. Smith spoke about former Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice beating his then-girlfriend, and stated,  We also have to make sure that we learn as much as we can about elements of provocation. Not that there s real provocation, but the elements of provocation, you got to make sure that you address them, because we ve got to do is do what we can to try to prevent the situation from happening in any way. And I don t think that s broached enough, is all I m saying. No point of blame.  He was suspended for one week. Schilling suggesting that women be protected from men invading their restrooms, however, was a fireable offense.In the aftermath of the same incident, ESPN host Max Kellerman told a charming story about how when he was dating his now-wife, they were both drunk; she slapped him, and he slapped her back. That carried a short suspension. Kellerman is now back on the air regularly.None of these people committed the ultimate crime: stating that men and women are biologically different and should pee in different places. ESPN, of course, also stumps for more coverage of women s sports, which suggests a question: why not simply open up all women s sports to men, in the name of equality for people of all genders? Or wouldn t that comply with the logically incoherent leftist positional chart?To see more examples of people still working at ESPN who should ve been canned: Daily Wire",0
14066,"IF AMERICA ELECTS HILLARY, She Promises To Reward Voters By Forcing Them To Pay DOUBLE For Soda","Hillary s over-the-top plan to tax the consumer for sugary drinks and soda makes former Mayor Michael Bloomberg look like a chump. Hillary knows what s good for you and what s not now shut up and pay Hillary Clinton on Wednesday came out in favor of a tax on soda that is three times larger than the one floated by Michael Bloomberg when he was mayor of New York City.Speaking at a forum in Philadelphia, Clinton said she was  very supportive  of a proposal unveiled last month by the city s mayor, Jim Kenney.The Democrat is calling for a tax of three cents per ounce on soda and other sugary beverages. The additional revenue   which Kenney estimates to come in at $400 million over the next five years   will help pay for pre-kindergarten education.Kenney s lofty proposal is three times the amount of the tax proposed in 2010 by Bloomberg   a measure which was shot down and made the billionaire the butt of many jokes.Berkeley, Calif. is the only other major U.S. city to enact a soda tax. That liberal enclave has a one-cent tax on sugary beverages.A group called Philadelphians Against Grocery Tax says that the Clinton-backed tariff would double the cost of some grocery items.A 12-pack of 12-ounce sodas would cost an additional $4.32, nearly doubling the price of the item for consumers, according to the group, which is backed by the American Beverage Association.A 2-liter bottle of soda, which contains roughly 68 ounces and costs around $1.50, would more than double in price. The tax would run $2.04. Via: Daily Caller ",0
14067,THIS ONE PICTURE DESCRIBES The Failure Of The Republican Party,The Republican party has failed in its effort to steer the American people in their direction which is one of establishment politicians or else. The people are being ignored as the party elites huddle in meetings plotting and planning a way to get THEIR guy instead of who the people want. Even some Republican delegates are saying they ll vote for Hillary if Trump is the nominee:REPUBLICAN DELEGATE Should Be Kicked Out After Exposing Her Plan If TRUMP S The Nominee [Video]Do these people REALLY want 4 or 8 more years of Obama? Really?,0
14068,THIS PICTURE OF HARRIET TUBMAN Should Be Used On The $20 Bill…If For No Other Reason Than To Drive Anti-Gun Left Crazy,"Obama has filled his cabinet with radical  yes  men and women who hold similar anti-American, leftist views. His radical Treasury Secretary, Jack Lew is no exception.Treasury Secretary Jack Lew  announced yesterday that Alexander Hamilton s face will remain on the front of the $10 bill and Harriet Tubman will replace Andrew Jackson on the face of the $20 bill.What the Left forgot in their haste to replace a  racist  white (Democrat) President on the front of the $20 bill was the fact that Harriet Tubman was more than just a black abolitionist, she also serves as an excellent example of why our Second Amendment is so important.Harriet Tubman (born Araminta Harriet Ross; 1820   March 10, 1913) was an African-American abolitionist, humanitarian, and Union spy during the American Civil War. She carried a revolver, and was not afraid to use it . . .Once a slave agreed to join her expedition, there was no turning back; she threatened to shoot anyone who tried to return. Tubman told the tale of one journey with a group of fugitive slaves, when morale sank and one man insisted he was going to go back to the plantation.She pointed the gun at his head and said,  You go on or die.  Several days later, he was with the group as they entered Canada. It is more than likely that Tubman carried the handgun as protection from ever-present slave catchers and their dogs.Via: The Truth About GunsBreaking: Treasury throws founder of the Democratic Party off $20 bill, replaces with gun-toting Republican pic.twitter.com/G9dVXpTaXv  David Burge (@iowahawkblog) April 20, 2016Tubman s reliance on her firearms to fulfill her mission of freeing slaves was essential. So it only seems fitting that the US Treasury would use this picture of Republican, Harriet Tubman to replace the first Democrat President of the United States, Andrew Jackson.",0
14069,MLK And Two Others Will Be on The Back Of The $5 Bill,"Leave it to Obama to politicize our money some think the past presidents should be on the money but now Obama s made our money like a postage stamp. He s made this political and racial which really is what you d expect from this pitiful man.Abraham Lincoln will not be the only person depicted on the $5 bill much longer.The Treasury Department announced Wednesday that it will overhaul the design of the $5 note, a move overshadowed by its decision to revamp the back of the $10 bill to include women and to feature Harriet Tubman on the front of the $20.Civil rights icon Martin Luther King Jr., famed opera singer Marian Anderson and first lady Eleanor Roosevelt will be depicted on the back of the updated $5 bill.All three will be portrayed in historical moments in front of the Lincoln Memorial, which is currently pictured on the back of the bill. King will be shown delivering his 1963  I Have a Dream  speech. Anderson will be shown performing in 1939, when concert halls were still segregated and she was banned from singing in Constitution Hall, supported by Roosevelt.In redesigning the $5 bill, a previously unannounced step, the Treasury will disrupt Lincoln s long-running tenure on both the front of the bill, in a portrait, and on the back, captured as a statue within the Lincoln Memorial. The basic layout of the note hadn t changed since 1929.Read more: WE",0
14070,KARMA: GAY PASTOR SUES WHOLE FOODS For “Anti-Gay Slur” On Cake…Didn’t Count On Baker Being Gay [VIDEO],"Too bad for the gay pastor that Whole Foods had him dead center on their surveillance cameras. Is it just my imagination or do gays seem to have it out for bakeries? On Tuesday, the Austin Statesman reported that Whole Foods filed a lawsuit against Jordan Brown, an openly gay pastor who claimed that an anti-gay slur was placed on a cake he ordered. The cake was supposed to read  Love Wins,  but Jordan claimed a slur was added to the cake s decoration.https://youtu.be/p972qntg1qMWhole Foods, however, said that surveillance video shows otherwise. Brown filed a lawsuit against Whole Foods, but the company fired back, accusing Brown of making a fraudulent claim.Look at labels. It's at bottom in hoax video. But look at how checker scans. It's on top. https://t.co/aiE0WVBokV pic.twitter.com/MbLU6jJsSJ  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) April 19, 2016Here s the surveillance video from Whole Foods. The gay pastor can be seen in the right corner in an orange (salmon) shirt: According to Whole Foods, Brown  intentionally, knowingly and falsely accused Whole Foods and its employees of writing the homophobic slur  on a custom made cake that he ordered from WFM s Lamar Store in Austin  The company also said Brown acted  with malice, and he has damaged the reputation and business of WFM. If you look closely, it appears the piping does not match:@Cernovich @mirriam71 @JenniL_KVUE Clearly not same icing tip used to create F-A-G as rest of letters. Much finer. Had to do double pass.  Hillary for Prison (@HRC4Prison) April 18, 2016The company further said that a bakery team member wrote only  Love Wins  at the top of the cake according to Brown s request. This, Whole Foods added, was visible through the clear portion of the packaging. That s exactly how the cake was packaged and sold at the store,  the company added.  Whole Foods Market has a strict policy that prohibits team members from accepting or designing bakery orders that include language or images that are offensive. Worse yet, Whole Foods said the employee involved is a member of the local LGBTQ community.  We stand behind our bakery team member, who is part of the LGBTQ community, and we appreciate the team members and shoppers who recognize that this claim is completely false and directly contradicts Whole Foods Market s inclusive culture, which celebrates diversity,  the company said.The video also indicates that Brown removed and replaced the UPC label on the packaging. According to Whole Foods, the label was originally on top of the box. Brown s video, however, showed it on the bottom and the side of the box.Brown s lawsuit seeks a jury trial, damages and monetary relief for mental anguish he allegedly suffered, but it seems his anguish is just beginning. The company is seeking at least $100,000 in damages from Brown. Via: Examiner",0
14071,GOP ELITES To Meet On Luxury Yacht To Discuss Trump’s Delegates,"If you ve donated to the Republican party, this is where your money s going. This is why so many people donate directly to the candidate and skip the Republican party donations. Party leaders aka elites will meet to discuss how to screw Trump out of the nomination. Even if you don t support Trump, this is dirty politics by the establishment that stinks to high heaven PEE YEW!RNC party leaders are expected to discuss GOP front-runner Donald Trump s delegates thus far at the Hollywood, Florida Diplomat Resort & Spa, which also includes a party on a 128-foot yacht, according to a report by CNN.The party s rules panel will meet Thursday to decide whether any nominating boundaries should be proposed for the convention, but the real fighting, haggling and negotiating will be taking place on the sidelines   over drinks and around the pool at this resort. One of the first confrontations is set for when conservatives meet Wednesday morning to hash out a fight over convention and nomination rules that started last week and played out over the weekend. Conservative RNC member Solomon Yue is pressing his colleagues to send a rules plan to the convention delegates   like they typically do   when they meet this week. But John Ryder, an ally of RNC Chairman Reince Priebus, is arguing same case inside the private meeting that Priebus has been making for more than a week: Don t go anywhere near the convention rules. The yacht party can accommodate 550 people, and includes 18,000 feet of deck space, a covered sky lounge, two sun decks and 13 high-definition televisions.Read more: bpr",0
14072,BAM! HANNITY UNLOADS On Cruz Over Delegates [Audio],"Wow! Did Hannity go too far with Cruz or did he not go far enough?GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) and talk radio and Fox News Channel host Sean Hannity engaged in a testy exchange over the delegate process on Hannity s radio show on Tuesday.Hannity began the interview by asking,  I think the number one question on the minds of Republicans right now is what is going on with the delegates. For example, if you can explain to people that your campaign, that you have every right, within the rules, to talk to candidates, that are pledged on a first ballot, to candidate A or candidate C, you being candidate B. And that   tell us what that process is. Cruz answered that isn t what people are concerned about, and are instead concerned about policy issues and beating Democratic candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Cruz further stated that  the media loves to obsess about process. This process, and this whining from the Trump campaign is all silly. It s very, very simple  . https://youtu.be/En5jPy8SzjUHannity then cut in to say,  I m on social media, with millions of people. I have 550 radio stations. And I have the top-rated cable in my hour, all across the board. And I am telling you, that people are telling me, that they find this whole process confusing.  He further stated that this wasn t a  process question. It s an integrity of the election question. And everybody s asking me this question. So, I want   I m giving you an opportunity to explain it. Cruz responded,  Sean, the only people asking this question, are the hardcore Donald Trump supporters.  Hannity again cut in to ask,  Senator, why do you this? Every single time you you ve got to stop. Every time I have you on the air, and I ask a legitimate question, you try to throw this in my face. I m getting sick of it. I ve had you on more than any other candidate, on radio and TV. So, if I ask you, Senator, a legitimate question to explain to the audience, why don t you just answer it? Cruz then said,  Sean, can I answer your question without being interrupted?  Cruz then talked about the results in Utah, North Dakota, Wisconsin, Colorado, and Wyoming, all of which Cruz has won. He added,  Over 1.3 million people voted in those 5 states. We won all 5. All of this noise and complaining and whining has come from the Trump campaign, because they don t like the fact that they ve 5 elections in a row, that Republicans are uniting behind our campaign. So, they re screaming, on Drudge, and it s getting echoed, this notion of voterless election. It is nonsense. They are making it up. Over 1.3 million people voted. We won landslides in all 5. Cruz continued,  Now, there is a second component, beyond the elections, which is the individual delegates are elected by the people. Donald Trump s campaign does not know how to organize on the grassroots. And so, when the delegates are elected, conservative activists, real conservative activists show up, and they elect delegates, and we are winning those elections over and over and over again. The Donald Trump campaign doesn t know what they re doing. They don t show up. In Colorado, the Donald Trump team was handing out flyers asking their supporters to vote for a slate of delegates, they included Cruz delegates on their slate. They just   they didn t even know how type up a piece of paper without getting it wrong. In Washington state, when Washington state elected their delegates, three days before the election, the Donald Trump campaign, in a panic, realized Washington state was getting ready to elect their delegates. They sent out an emergency email to their Washington supporters, but they screwed up, and sent it to their Washington, DC supporters, instead of their Washington state supporters. I cannot help that the Donald Trump campaign does not seem capable of running a lemonade stand. Elections are won by voters and grassroots activists showing up and voting for the candidate they support. Via: Breitbart News",0
14073,BREAKING: OBAMA SUCCESSFULLY WHITEWASHES AMERICAN HISTORY…”Racist” President Andrew Jackson To Be Replaced With Harriet Tubman On $20 Bill,"The irony in Obama s radical Treasury Secretary s decision to remove  racist  Andrew Jackson from the $20 bill, lies in the fact that Jackson was the first Democrat to be elected President. Rabid Bernie Sanders supporters are hell-bent on seeing Bernie Sanders fulfill his promise of breaking up the big bank monopolies. Andrew Jackson was pioneer in staving off banking domination in his day.But alas it s official .Moments ago Politico reported that the U.S. Treasury will announce that it plans to replace former President Andrew Jackson on the $20 bill with Harriet Tubman, the sources said. There will also be changes to the $5 bill to depict civil rights era leaders.Not every dead president is being scraped however: treasury Secretary Jack Lew on Wednesday will announce a decision to keep Alexander Hamilton on the front of the $10 bill and put leaders of the movement to give women the right to vote on the back of the bill.Lew s decision comes after he announced last summer that he was considering replacing Hamilton on the $10 bill with a woman. The announcement drew swift rebukes from fans of Hamilton, who helped create the Treasury Department and the modern American financial system. Critics immediately suggested Hamilton take Jackson off the $20 bill given the former president s role in moving native Americans off their land.Jackson may remain on the $20 bill in some capacity, but will clearly be demoted.While some pointed to the many accomplishments and qualities of Hamilton for why he should stay on the currency printed by the very Treasury the man created, the more popular argument for the Founding Father s retention was an argument about how awful the man on the $20 dollar bill was.The Daily Beast described Jackson as  villainous  and linked to a February article that called him a  mass murderer. The New York Post argued that Old Hickory  may well have been our most racist president  and was a  vicious, power-mad kook. Lew told POLITICO last July that Treasury was exploring ways to respond to critics.  There are a number of options of how we can resolve this,  Lew said.  We re not taking Alexander Hamilton off our currency. Confused? Disturbed? Angry? You are not alone. The following rant by Mac Slavo expressed many feeling about the proposed change.Andrew Jackson, Who Fought Central Bank, Removed from $20 As  Public Concern for Liberty  ErasedJackson narrowly succeeded in staving off banker domination of the U.S. during his day.Of course, Andrew Jackson, who was the United States  seventh president, was also a complete controversy his entire lifetime. It is no surprise that the same people who took down the Confederate flag from the South on the back of a mass shooting tragedy are now trying to tear down the image of a particularly controversial and intriguing figure from the American past.Jackson was a recalcitrant and unyielding general and war hero, and later an outsider riding a wave of populist support into the White House, bringing in sometimes unscrupulous companions, and plenty of Masons. Many of his backers were diametrically opposed to the entrenched power of New York bankers and speculators, as well as patrician politicians who dominated the first phase of politics in the nation s history. Jackson played a nasty role in the Trail of Tears affairs with Indians, too, and with the South and Western expansion of slave-friendly territories. Many shades of grey.Erasing Andrew Jackson from the faces of the fiat funny-money that is passed around by an increasingly ignorant and dependent society (which itself has adopted digital currency as the new norm) will further cut off the past from the masses, and ensure their enslavement.For entire story: Zero Hedge",0
14074,TRUMP HATER GEORGE RAMOS Promotes Movie Showing Illegal Aliens Being Shot At Border By Drunk Vigilante…Blames Trump [VIDEO],"Mexico has been the beneficiary of our open borders for decades. It s really quite amazing how loudly they cry foul when we finally have a presidential candidate willing to stand up to this insanity and say,  ENOUGH! It s Time to put Americans first! Illegal immigrants send home $50 billion annually but cost taxpayers more than $113 billion. Approximately 126,000 illegal immigrants emigrated from these three nations to the U.S. since last October and federal officials estimate at least 95,500 more will enter next year.The Central American governments have encouraged the high levels of emigration because it is earning their economy billions of dollars! For every illegal alien that sneaks into the U.S. and remits money back home, that grand total remittance number only grows. But what if the millions of U.S. jobs now filled by illegal aliens were done by American workers earning better wages, paying more in taxes and spending their money in their communities rather than sending it abroad?Americans are the ones forced to pick up the $113 billion tab for taking care of the country s 12 million illegal immigrants. Is it the responsibility of taxpaying citizens to cover the cost of illegal immigration and the government s aid to these countries while illegal workers continue to send their money overseas to send $50 billion overseas? Via: immigrationreform.comYet, somehow Donald Trump is to BLAME for wanting to shut down our open borders and bring some sanity back to our nation that is being overrun by Mexican drug runners and gang bangers coming from every corner of Mexico, Central and South America? A new Mexican movie promoted by Univision host Jorge Ramos portrays a drunk vigilante motivated by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump s anti-immigrant rant killing at least four illegal immigrants at the border.The trailer for the movie, Desierto, now in Mexican theaters, blasts out Trump s initial criticism of illegal immigrants as a man armed with a rifle guns down targets crossing under barbed wire.https://youtu.be/V48ttgGqsswIt later shows the same man, in a pickup holding a bottle of what appears to be whisky, a beer can nearby, as a voice says,  Welcome to the land of the free.  The trailer ends with,  words are as dangerous as bullets. The Center for Immigration Studies on Tuesday first blogged on the  exploitation  movie and the promotion by Ramos on his Sunday show Al Punto. This material resonates powerfully with Jorge Ramos. His conviction that racism and xenophobia are the driving forces of opposition to illegal immigration is a central theme of his nightly newscasts. Ramos fixates on reports that confirm his conviction with the obsessiveness of an exploitation film director showing close-ups of bullets tearing into human flesh,  wrote CIS Fellow Jerry Kammer.He added:  On Sunday, Ramos talked with  Desierto  director Jonas Cuaron and star Gael Garcia Bernal about Trump s repugnant comments about Mexicans. Since then, Ramos said,  there are thousands if not millions of North Americans who feel that they have the absolute freedom to be racists. Via: Washington Examiner",0
14075,"WATCH:BLACK CUSTOMER THREATENS Store Manager Because He Doesn’t Employ Any Blacks: ” I’m tired of this, and I will burn this…” [VIDEO]","If anyone wonders how the  Reverend  Al Sharpton got started in the shake down business look no further than this loud mouth who blames everyone but his own community for their situation. We live in a free market society. The black man in this video is free to apply for a business loan and open a business in his community. The thing is, no one stopping any black member in any urban community from opening a local business.To blame someone else for the state of his community is only deflecting from the real problems crime-ridden neighborhoods across America are facing. Perhaps his anger should be directed at our first black President who has been at the helm while black unemployment numbers and crime have skyrocketed to an all time high.",0
14076,THIS IS BIG! Tennessee Votes To Sue The Feds Over Refugee Resettlement,"This is big! In the name of security and state sovereignty, the Tennessee General Assembly will sue the feds on Tenth Amendment grounds. Alabama and Texas are already suing but on different grounds. States should take notice and pay attention to what the people want which is overwhelmingly to address the refugee resettlement program. In the mean time, we have a surge of refugees arriving every month Obama just announced he s speeding up the vetting process from 2 years to just 3 months!  NASHVILLE, Tennessee On Tuesday, the Tennessee General Assembly declared it will sue the federal government over its refugee resettlement program on Tenth Amendment grounds. The State Senate passed a resolution authorizing that lawsuit in a 29 to 4 vote one day after it passed the Tennessee House by a 69 to 25 margin. Today we struck a blow for Liberty by finally adopting SJR467,  State Senator Mark Norris (R-Collierville), the co-sponsor of the resolution who shepherded it through the State Senate, tells Breitbart News. The General Assembly clearly understands the importance of public safety and state sovereignty as demonstrated by the overwhelming support of this Resolution for which we are thankful. The Syrian surge heightens our sense of urgency to get this properly before the courts, and we urge the Attorney General to act without delay,  Norris adds. MUSLIMS TAKING OVER SMALL TOWN IN TENNESSEE:  As a state legislator, it is my duty to fulfill my oath and to exercise Constitutional authority,  House sponsor State Rep. Terri Lynn Weaver (R-Lancaster) tells Breitbart News. I take it seriously to do all I can to protect the sovereignty of our great state. Either we abide by the Tenth Amendment or we ignore it,  she adds.Read more: Breitbart",0
14077,TRUMP WINS NEW YORK IN A LANDSLIDE: Will Third Place For Cruz Be A Game Changer?,"Is a third place finish for Cruz a game changer?If #Cruz comes in a distant 3rd in #NYPrimary, tonight could be a very big game changer https://t.co/sFOvx99Hfz pic.twitter.com/DyGt86ianK  Newt Gingrich (@newtgingrich) April 20, 2016  It s being reported by all the major media outlets that it s statistically impossible for Cruz to win the nomination. We d love to hear thoughts on this since it seems like delegate counts are fluid.",0
14078,OBAMA’S ECONOMIC LEGACY IN 9 Easy To Read Charts,"Anyone who would look at these charts and still vote for Hillary or Bernie is basically saying,  I really don t care about my future, or the future of my children or grandchildren. Here is a bit more in-depth data as it relates to a few of the charts above:Food stamp increase nears record high despite low unemployment rate under Barack Obama:Despite the unemployment rate being at an eight-year low (4.9 percent as of January 2016), the number of people on food stamps remains near an all-time high which was 47,636,000 in 2013.Why the disparity in the numbers? Well, the unemployment rate does not take into account people who are not in, or have dropped out of, the workforce altogether.The Bureau of Labor Statistics reported in January of this year that approximately 94 million Americans are not participating in the workforce.But the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) has been hovering around 46 million participants since 2011. The current figure, as of February 2016, shows average SNAP participation at 45.8 million Americans receiving food stamps in 2015.SOARING HEALTH CARE PREMIUMS Under Obamacare:Obamacare premium costs will soar 20.3 percent on average in 2016 instead of the 7.5 percent increase claimed by federal officials, according to an analysis by The Daily Caller News Foundation.The discrepancy is because the government excluded price data for three of the four Obamacare health insurance plans when the officials issued their recent forecast claiming enrollees would face only a 7.5 percent average rate increase in 2016.When data for all four plans are included, premium costs will actually rise on average 20.3 percent next year. The 2015 Obamacare price hike was 20.3 percent.Our National Debt is at $19.25 TRILLION! When Obama took office it was at $10.26 Trillion. Obama has almost DOUBLED our national debt since taking office only 7 years ago! ",0
14079,BRILLIANT! LIBERAL SENATOR TRIES TO EMBARRASS Priest…Gets Schooled By Him On Climate Change [Video],"Father Robert A. Sirico, President and Co-Founder of the Acton Institute, and philosopher and author of  A Moral Case for Fossil Fuels Alex Epstein embarrass Senator Barbara Boxer with facts when she tries to discredit them.WATCH HERE:Watch brilliant philosopher prove how the Democrats are falsely using income inequality as an argument for climate change. He also brilliantly points out that the poor people who are being hurt the most when the government intentionally targets domestic fossil fuel production.See Epstein s entire testimony here: ",0
14080,WHY DECISION LIBERAL JUDGE IN CONNECTICUT Is About To Make Could Be HUGE Threat To Our SECOND AMENDMENT,"Obama s goal of making gun control a reality in the United States of America is one step closer, thanks to this radical judge A Connecticut judge ruled Thursday that a lawsuit against the manufacturer of the gun used in the Sandy Hook shootings, and other companies, can move forward.A Connecticut Superior Court judge denied a motion to dismiss the lawsuit against the companies involved in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of the rifle used in the deadly 2012 shootings.Adam Lanza used a Bushmaster AR-15 rifle in the Sandy Hook Elementary School shootings on Dec. 14, 2012 to kill 26 people in less than five minutes. The families of the victims, which included 20 children, have sued the maker, distributor and seller of the rifle, arguing that the military-style gun should have never been available for civilians to purchase.Connecticut State Judge Barbara Bellis rejected the gun companies  argument that a 2005 federal law can protect gun businesses from civil lawsuits.Remington Arms Co., the manufacturer of the rifle, is named in the suit. Also named is Camfour Inc., a distributor of firearms, and the now-defunct Riverview Gun Sales, a dealer in East Windsor, Conn., that sold the rifle to the Lanza s mother in 2010. Via: Washington ExaminerNolan Finley, The Detroit News   The lawsuit, filed by nine victim families, claims Remington is liable for making and selling to the public a rifle unfit for civilian use.The claim plays right into the anti-gun lobby s latest end-around of the Constitution. It follows the strategy laid out in last week s Democratic debate by Hillary Clinton, who wants to open up both gun manufacturers and gun retailers to product liability lawsuits.While Clinton chortles derisively whenever it s pointed out that the threat of such litigation would become an effective ban on gun sales, and ultimately on gun ownership, that is precisely the desired outcome.Clinton s charge that gunmakers enjoy unique protection from liability isn t true. All manufacturers of defect-free, legal goods enjoy a broad shield against damage resulting from the intentional misuse of their products.Still, gun opponents compare firearm manufacturers with automakers, who are routinely sued when their cars and trucks are involved in a fatal accident. But those suits center around product malfunctions or design flaws. If someone gets drunk and plows an automobile into a group of children at a bus stop, the automaker is only liable if something was defective on the vehicle that contributed to the carnage.The weapons used by Lanza were not defective. The were misused. Neither the manufacturer nor the retailer, who is also being sued, sold them to Lanza. The emotionally troubled teen took them without permission from his mother s home. A negligence case could be made against the mother. She should not have allowed her deranged son access to her extensive arsenal; I m all for holding gun owners responsible for properly securing their firearms.Unfortunately, his mother was Lanza s first victim.Judge Barbara Bellis permitted the suit against Remington to proceed based on her gross misunderstanding of firearms.She agreed with the plaintiff s attorneys depiction of the Bushmaster AR-15 semi-automatic rifle as a military weapon not intended for civilian use.That s just wrong. The difference between the Bushmaster and a common hunting rifle is cosmetic. It looks more lethal, but it operates the same way, firing one bullet with each pull of the trigger. It s not a machine gun; it doesn t fire rounds in bursts.If the military were to arm its soldiers with Bushmasters, it would lose every battle.Lanza used legal weapons that were sold within the strict confines of Connecticut s gun laws, but taken without the owner s permission.If that becomes the flimsy standard for manufacturer and retailer liability, as both this lawsuit and Hillary Clinton hope, it will be the end of gunmaking and sales in this country. And that s just what backers of this strategy want.",0
14081,WATCH: LITTLE HOUSE ON PRAIRIE ACTRESS Runs For Congress…Thinks It’s Okay For Grown Men To Rape 13 Year Old Girls (If Mom’s Home),"America has proven time and time again that liberals in Hollywood can say just about anything. The vile comments actress Melissa Gilbert made about child rape while hosting The View sound more like something a member of ISIS would make, than someone who is running for Congress. It s interesting how the oh-so-easily-offended Left is never offended when one of their own makes a highly controversial comment, but  if the same remarks were made by a conservative, they would be on a 24/7 news loop. Melissa Gilbert, the actress who brought Laura Ingalls Wilder to life in  Little House on the Prairie,  made some comments on a TV show in 2009 that are coming back to haunt her.And they should. Gilbert moved to Michigan from California and is running for Congress in the 8th District, challenging Rep. Mike Bishop, R-Rochester.But running for office opens the door to past skeletons.As a guest host of  The View  seven years ago, Gilbert and the other hosts discussed the arrest of famous movie director and producer Roman Polanski in Switzerland for drugging and raping a 13-year-old girl three decades earlier. Polanski had pleaded guilty of assaulting Samantha Geimer in 1977, but fled the U.S. before he was sentenced.Hollywood is loyal to its own, and on the show, Gilbert downplayed Polanski s crime, saying that  it s gray area when momma is in the building,  in reference to reports that Geimer s mother was at the house when the rape occurred.Gilbert went on to say that  the punishment at this point may be excessive.   For entire story: Ingrid Jacques, The Detroit News",0
14082,IS AN UGLY REVOLT INEVITABLE? Bernie Sanders Supporters Are Asked If They’ll Vote For Hillary If Bernie Loses Nomination [VIDEO],"Bernie Sanders supporters radicals are asked how they feel about Hillary. Their answers are very telling. How many of these Bernie supporters do you think will show up to the polls in November if Hillary is the nominee?Watch Black Lives Matter Communist terrorist denounce Hillary at the 4:35 mark and the  Check your white privilege girl  mark wearing a t-shirt honoring Black Panther and cop killer Assata Shakur at the 5:50 :Judging by the responses of these Bern-bots, it looks like Hillary might be ignored by a large percentage of voters in November if her  super delegates  and the DNC work behind the scenes to ensure that Hillary is the ONLY acceptable presidential candidate for the Democrat Party.",0
14083,COL RALPH PETERS: Obama and Politicians ‘Put Happiness of the Saudi Royal Family Above the Survivors of 9/11’ [Video],"Colonel Ralph Peters comments on what he thinks Congress will do regarding releasing the 9/11 Report. Unfortunately, he s correct  ",0
14084,HILLARY PANDERS TO BLACK RADIO HOSTS In Attempt To Tie Herself To Racist Beyonce Song…Host Asks If She Needs Mouth To Mouth Or CPR? [WATCH],"The Breakfast Club interview started out when one of the hosts, Charlemagne Tha god told his audience,  Let the record show, when she [Hillary] walked in, I gave her a handshake and she did it the right way. She bought it in, cuffed it and everything.  Cackling ensued One of the tough questions Hillary got during her interview was,  Do you believe in ghosts?  She was also asked if her pants suits are inspired by game show host Steve Harvey. Instead of admitting that she might lose half of her voting base if they were to see her in a dress, she carries on forever about the ease of a pants suit. Between coughing fits, Hillary was able to sneak in another ridiculous lie.Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton on Monday said that she always keeps a bottle of hot sauce handy in her bag. Hot sauce,  she said when asked what she constantly carries in her bag.The comments, first reported by TMZ, came during an appearance on Power 105.1 FM s  The Breakfast Club. Really? Are you getting in that  Formation  right now?  host Charlamagne Tha God asked before quoting Beyonce s song  Formation.   Hot sauce in my bag, swag? Clinton said that she was indeed serious, leading the host to joke that Clinton is angling for African American voters with a Beyonce reference.Here is the Refrain from Beyonc s anti-cop, racist  Formation  song: Y all haters corny with that lluminati mess Paparazzi, catch my fly, and my cocky fresh I m so reckless when I rock my Givenchy dress (stylin ) I m so possessive so I rock his Roc necklaces My daddy Alabama, Momma Louisiana You mix that negro with that Creole make a Texas bama I like my baby heir with baby hair and afros I like my negro nose with Jackson Five nostrils Earned all this money but they never take the country out me I got a hot sauce in my bag, swag I want you to know that people are going to see this and say,  she s pandering to black people again,  he told Clinton. OK   is it working?  the Democratic presidential front-runner quipped.  Seriously   I ve been eating a lot of hot sauce and raw peppers.  Via: The HillThe  hot sauce  comment can be seen at the 25 minute mark: Excuse me,  she said coughing, after speaking for about 20 minutes on the air. Allergy season,  she said, as she continued coughing, reaching for her drink. You all right? Any mouth to mouth CPR?  one of the hosts joked, trying to lighten the mood. Senator, you coughing like you have something medicinal,  another host said. Yeah, I need some,  she replied as the hosts laughed. My voice is failing here,  she said as she continued speaking in a faltering tone. The interview went on for about three additional minutes before staffers ended it.Clinton has had multiple coughing episodes during her campaign for president, awkwardly interrupting speeches or interviews as she struggles to regain her voice. She also had a coughing episode during her testimony during the Congressional Benghazi hearings. Via: Breitbart News",0
14085,AWESOME! JUDGE JEANINE: Why Hillary Is ‘Losing To A 74-Year Old Socialist’ [Video],Leave it to Judge Jeanine to get to the heart of the matter! ,0
14086,FEEL THE BERN: This Is What Your Paycheck Will Look Like With Bernie As President, ,0
14087,FANTASTIC! BILL O’REILLY LETS IT RIP On The Democrats And “Smear Merchants” Who Scream Racism When They’re Told The Truth [Video],"So true! The freebies promised to Americans on the backs of tax paying Americans need to stop! The truth is the government really should provide protection, secure borders, infrastructure NOT freebies! Amen Bill! ",0
14088,OBAMA’S SPEECH ABOUT “CHILD SAFETY” Was Interrupted When Rapper Guest’s Ankle Bracelet From KIDNAPPING Charge Went Off,"We told you about the fancy affair Obama was planning to host at the White House for black rappers last week. The latest development with the ankle bracelet on a criminal rapper makes you want to scream, Are you kidding me? An attempt by President Obama to promote his  My Brother s Keeper  initiative, which aims to keep youths of color out of trouble, came to a farcical end when rapper Rick Ross s ankle bracelet   which he received on a kidnapping and assault charge   went off.Obama had invited a bevy of hip-hop heavyweights, including Niki Minaj, Common, Busta Rhymes, Pusha T and DJ Khaled, to the meeting at the White House Friday.But none of them   least of all Ross himself   expected the ankle bracelet to interrupt the president, according to TMZ.Obama reportedly invited the stars to the  serious and fancy affair,  which was not made public before the event, to promote the initiative.It was so serious, in fact, that Ross, who is typically photographed topless to show off his impressive all-over body tattoos, wore a smart suit   and a pair of black Adidas sneakers.That suit conveniently covered the ankle bracelet that he received after last year s kidnapping, assault and battery charges. Unfortunately, it wasn t able to block the sound of his new anklet s random beeps   one of which went off just as Obama was finishing his speech.Even the self-styled  Hood Billionaire  was surprised at the sound, a source said.He later posted a picture of himself and DJ Khaled talking after the event on his Instagram account. Via: Daily Mail ",0
14089,"PLANE FORCED TO TURN AROUND, Police Remove NAACP President From Flight Over Argument With Passenger","NAACP President becomes victim in 5 4 3 2 1 North Carolina NAACP President William Barber was removed from a flight in Washington, D.C., Friday night after he was deemed a  disruptive passenger  by an American Airlines pilot.Barber wrote in a statement that he had boarded the plane and was sitting in the two seats he had purchased when he overheard a man sitting behind him talking loudly. Barber says after he asked a flight attended to ask the man to lower his voice, that s when the altercation started. But as she left, I heard him saying distasteful and disparaging things about me,  Barber said in the statement.  He had problems with  those people  and he spoke harshly about my need for  two seats,  among other subjects. Barber says he purchased two seat because of a physical disability, the same ailment that caused him to stand up instead of simply turning his head to confront the passenger behind him. I asked him why he was saying such things, and I said he did not know me, my condition, and I added I would pray for him,  Barber said.The police were called and Barber was escorted off the plane.Via: Breitbart News",0
14090,“RACIST” President Jackson To Be Replaced With Black Female Representing “Struggle For Racial Equality” On $20 Bill,"Obama has filled his cabinet with radical  yes  men and women who hold similar anti-American, leftist views. His radical Treasury Secretary, Jack Lew is no exception.  Treasury Secretary Jack Lew is expected to announce this week that Alexander Hamilton s face will remain on the front of the $10 bill and a woman will replace Andrew Jackson on the face of the $20 bill, a senior government source told CNN on Saturday.Lew announced last summer that he was considering redesigning the $10 bill to include the portrait of a woman. The decision to make the historic change at the expense of Hamilton drew angry rebukes from fans of the former Treasury Secretary. The pro-Hamilton movement gained steam after the smash success of the hip-hop Broadway musical about his life this year.Those pressures led Lew to determine that Hamilton should remain on the front of the bill. Instead, a mural-style depiction of the women s suffrage movement   including images of leaders such as Susan B. Anthony   will be featured on the back of the bill.Along those lines, Lew also plans to announce this week that Andrew Jackson   a less beloved former president whose face graces the front of the $20 bill   will be removed in favor of a female representing the struggle for racial equality, according to the government source.That decision would place a female on one of the most widely circulated bills in the world. But the historic change placing a female on the front of the $20 note won t come for more than a decade, the source said, since the process for changing the design of that note is still in the early stages.While some pointed to the many accomplishments and qualities of Hamilton for why he should stay on the currency printed by the very Treasury the man created, the more popular argument for the Founding Father s retention was an argument about how awful the man on the $20 dollar bill was.The Daily Beast described Jackson as  villainous  and linked to a February article that called him a  mass murderer. The New York Post argued that Old Hickory  may well have been our most racist president  and was a  vicious, power-mad kook. So a lot of folks really don t like the victor of the Battle of New Orleans. They hate him for owning slaves. They hate him for taking the side of the masses against financial experts. They hate him for ignoring laws and enforcing his own will when it came to policy decisions.And they hate Jackson most of all for his treatment of American Indians.These are pretty strong views, but Jackson s critics usually fail to comprehend important aspects of U.S. history in their denunciations of the rough-and-tumble general.For one, Jackson was not the only important American to own slaves. Far from it. For example, as most people should know, George Washington and Thomas Jefferson were slaveholders. Both Washington and Jefferson are respectively featured on two different forms of currency and have large, imposing monuments dedicated to their memory in Washington D.C.There are no calls for their erasure from our coins or demolishing their monuments.Fewer people know that the Cherokee   victims of Jackson s Indian Removal Act   also owned slaves.There are no calls for renaming places and monuments designed to honor the Cherokee people.When it comes to Jackson s controversial handling of the Second Bank of the United States, it helps to realize the motives behind the president s actions. Jackson was opposed to the Central Bank not out of cookery but because he saw it as an undemocratic institution which did not care for the interests of the common man. Via: Daily Caller The soonest that a new $20 note will be issued is 2030,  the source said, citing a lengthy process convened by the Advanced Counterfeit Deterrence steering committee, which includes representatives from the U.S. Secret Service, the Treasury, and the Federal Reserve. Via: CNN News",0
14091,JOKE OF THE WEEK: Dear Clueless…,"Boom!Dear Abby,My husband is a liar and a cheat. He has cheated on me from the beginning, and, when I confront him, he denies everything. What s worse, everyone knows that he cheats on me. It is so humiliating. Also, since he lost his job 14 years ago, he hasn t even looked for a new one.  All he does all day is smoke cigars, cruise around and shoot the bull with his buddies, while I have to work to pay the bills.  Since our daughter went away to college he doesn t even pretend to like me, and even hints that I may be a lesbian. What should I do?Signed: Clueless Dear Clueless:Grow up and dump him. You don t need him anymore! Good grief woman, you re running for President of the United States!  AbbyNailed it!",0
14092,NATIONAL SECURITY ALERT! Obama Administration Giving Out Green Cards Like Candy To Migrants From Muslim Nations,"OUR GOVERNMENT IS GIVING OUT GREEN CARDS LIKE CANDY at double the rate to Muslims over everyone else. A green card is a path to American citizenship so this is very important. Besides the security risk, this is an attempt to change the nation forever. Look at Europe! The citizens of Europe are screaming to get their sovereignty back after basically being invaded by thousands and thousands of Muslims. This is a quiet invasion but is still very serious and wrong: National security has never appeared to be a priority for the Obama administration, but this is downright alarming as the U.S. encounters burgeoning threats from radical Islamists. With Islamic terrorism on the rise in the United States and Western Europe, it s worth mentioning that the Obama administration issued around 680,000 green cards to foreigners from Muslim countries during a five-year period, according to data published by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). The stats, the latest made available by DHS, also show that the U.S. government admits more than double the number of immigrants from Muslim nations than from the European Union.This disturbing information was circulated by the Senate Judiciary Committee s subcommittee on Immigration, which assesses that if there s no change in the current policy, the U.S. will likely grant another 680,000 migrants possibly more from Muslim-majority countries green cards in the next five years. According to the DHS figures cited by the panel, Uncle Sam issued approximately 680,000 green cards to immigrants from 49 Muslim nations from fiscal year 2009 through fiscal year 2013. Over the same period, the U.S. issued only 270,000 green cards to migrants from the European Union, according to a committee announcement that reminds us  a green card entitles recipients to access federal benefits, lifetime residency, work authorization, and a direct route to becoming a U.S. citizen.  Some of the recipients are admitted to the U.S. as refugees so they immediately qualify for federal welfare benefits like food stamps and Medicaid.The DHS stats include a breakdown of the countries where the migrants came from. Pakistan and Iraq sent over the most with 83,000 apiece and Bangladesh had 75,000. Seventy-three thousand came from Iran, 45,000 from Egypt, 31,000 from Somalia, 24,000 from Uzbekistan, Turkey and Morocco had 22,000 each, Jordan and Albania 20,000 each and Lebanon and Yemen each had 16,000. Rounding out the five-digit club is Indonesia (15,000), Syria (14,000), Sudan (13,000), Afghanistan (11,000) and Sierra Leone (10,000). The rest, including Saudi Arabia, Algeria, Kosovo and Libya, only sent over a few thousand during the five-year period covered by the DHS data. By contrast, only 65,000 green cards were granted to migrants from the European Union country (United Kingdom) with the highest number during this period. The Senate committee reveals that DHS has not yet published statistics covering fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015 so we ll be on the lookout for that.National security has never appeared to be a priority for the Obama administration, but this is downright alarming as the U.S. encounters burgeoning threats from radical Islamists.Read more: Judicial Watch",0
14093,JUDGE JEANINE Explains Why “Hillary Has No Chance Of Winning In November” [VIDEO], The most ominous sign is that Hillary s losing to a 74 year old Socialist! These Bernie beatings are taking a toll! ,0
14094,CLUELESS ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTERS Asked Why They Oppose Trump [Video],"Is anyone else getting sick and tired of hearing all of the baseless lies being told about Trump? There is zero evidence that Trump is a  racist,  yet the Left continues to spew that horrible label every chance they get. If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it.    Joseph Goebbels, Hitler s public relations mastermind",0
14095,A MOM BRINGS A TRUTH BOMB To The Bathroom Controversy And It Goes Viral…Awesome!,"For anyone who s sick to death of all the pc (politically correct) talk about who should be allowed in the bathroom, this one s for YOU:This mom is spot on with her common sense approach to what makes a woman a woman etc We love this! ",0
14096,"FIRST It Was”Low Energy Jeb” And “Lyin Ted,” Then It Was “Little Marco,” FINALLY…Trump’s Given Hillary A Well-Deserved Nickname [VIDEO]","What do you think about Hillary s new nickname? Did Trump go too far or should he have gone even further?We all know that Donald Trump has a unique way of referring to his opponents, from calling Marco Rubio  little Marco  and Ted Cruz  lyin  Ted. Yesterday, Trump in Dexter, New York revealed a nickname for his rival on the opposite side of the aisle, labeling the Democratic front-runner  crooked Hillary. I m not controlled by the special interests and the lobbyists. And they control crooked Hillary, and they control lyin  Ted Cruz, right?  he said.The GOP front-runner had earlier teased the possibility of nicknaming Hillary Clinton in a special interview on Hannity, saying  a pretty good one  would soon be revealed. So many nicknames, and he s been so effective with it,  commented Pete Hegseth. Between Benghazi and private servers and the Clinton Foundation  Hey, the word  crooked  fits pretty well. Anna Kooiman noted that Trump has  a way of exposing whatever weakness the candidate has. Clinton, for her part, responded in an interview with ABC News, saying she  really could care less  about the new nickname. He can say whatever he wants to say about me,  she said.  I don t respond to Donald Trump and his string of insults about me. Here is Trump letting the crowd know he ll reveal the name in a month:A month later, Trump remained true to his word. He reveals  Crooked Hillary  to his supporters:Via: FOX News",0
14097,SEE GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS’ Reaction When Hillary Says She’s Ignorant About 9/11 Legislation, I don t really know about that    Nice try Hillary! ,0
14098,HYSTERICAL! SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE: The Bernie and Hillary Brooklyn Debate [Video],SATURDAY NGHT LIVE S COLD OPEN last night brought back Larry David as Bernie Sanders in a great skit about the Brooklyn debate. Julia Louis-Dreyfus reprises her role as Elaine Benes from  Seinfeld    The best part of the skit was Kate McKinnon who s spot on as Hillary Clinton. ,0
14099,BLACK PANTHERS AND BROWN BERETS Crash Trump Rally to Shut Down Free Speech [Video],Portland State University held its second Students for Trump Rally and once again the radical commies and racists were there to try and shut down free speech. ,0
14100,"ANGRY PUNK ADMITS TO SLASHING TIRES, Dumping Rotten Yogurt In Sunroof Over Trump Bumper Sticker: TRUMP Supporter Has PERFECT Response","The victim of the angry Bernie Sanders supporter has an amazing attitude. It s the civility many of us have come to expect from Trump supporters who ve been unjustly attacked by uncivil and in many cases, unlawful Bernie Sanders supporters. A politically-motivated vandal in Washington State admittedly vandalized a Trump supporter s car, slashing its tires and dumping rotten yogurt through its sun roof, according to a police report filed last Monday.The suspect, named in the report as one Riley M. Silva of Gig Harbour, Washington, confessed his crime to the police. Showing no sign of remorse, he claimed his victim was an  ignorant bigot  and that he  improved the community  by vandalizing the car. According to the report, the culprit became angry after noticing that the car sported a Donald Trump sticker.His full confession to the police, which was originally posted on the blog of lawyer and author Mike Cernovich, reads as follows:I on the 11th day of the 4th month of 2016 did maliciously attack a hate symbol protected by the first amendment. After disabling the vehicle and dumping rotten food into the interior I feel I have improved the community and supported our nation s values by stopping a promoter of hate speech. I do not wish to have ignorant bigots in my town and in a just world the person deserved what was received and the situation is made whole.As America is far from just, I expect the bigot will want to be made whole. With this I declare he is owed nothng. But as the situation is what it is, I intend to make the individual whole provided he cease to promote ignorance and hate. I do not expect the law to recognize damage to tools of hate or fascism. Such things need to be destroyed so good people may remain and become free.The victim, Nathan Elliot, later posted pictures of the damage to his vehicle. In his statement to the police, he said that the damage to the tire alone would cost $500 to repair.Bernie Sanders supporter didn't like my Trump bumper sticker, so he vandalized my personal property. Cool. pic.twitter.com/QghClfl2ak  Nate (@pulsarVision) April 10, 2016The police report describes Riley Silva as a  skinny  white male in his 20s, with long blond hair. The victim saw him while he was in the process of vandalizing his car, at which point he yelled at and ran towards the culprit, who fled in his own vehicle. In the report, Elliot claims that the culprit almost hit two other cars as he drove away from the scene. In addition to vandalizing the victim s car, Silva has been charged with reckless driving. -Breitbart NewsEven though I have amazing @USAA insurance, all costs will come out of my own pocket. That's a $400 tire by the way.   Nate (@pulsarVision) April 12, 2016USAA Insurance tweeted an awesome reply to Nathan:@pulsarVision We are here to help. Is this a claim related need ? Please DM us your full name, claim# if applicable and you phone# . Thank u  USAA (@USAA_help) April 12, 2016UPDATE on Nathan s new tire:@BreitbartNews @Cernovich @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump @Nero Update: new tire came in today  can't tread on me!!! pic.twitter.com/AlVPDLym85  Nate (@pulsarVision) April 16, 2016Nathan has the perfect response to the violent Bernie Sanders supporters:It was only through learning how much others don t like the truth exposed, that I learned for myself how much I crave its very existence.  Nate (@pulsarVision) February 14, 2016",0
14101,"IT TAKES A VILLAGE OF THUGS: Nashville Cop Sees Black Man Assaulting Woman In Projects…Cop Tries To Arrest Him…Crowd Attacks Cop…Crowd Cheers, “He’s going down!” [VIDEO]","***WARNING***This video will make your blood boil. Do NOT watch it if you have high blood pressure. There is also some hood approved language that many sane may find offensive. Can someone please explain to me why any man or woman would want to risk their lives to help these people? This is only going to get worse before it gets better. As long as we have a President of the United States who is condoning this behavior by remaining silent, this situation is going to get much worse.  East Precinct Officer Matthew Cammarn, who has been named Officer of the Year, should be out of the hospital soon. He was trying to arrest Brian Shannon, 22, when Shannon and a crowd attacked him in one of Nashville s projects as he tried to make the arrest.Shannon is jailed on charges of felony aggravated assault on a police officer, resisting arrest, evading arrest, criminal trespassing, disorderly conduct and drug possession. A 17-year old was also arrested.The officer, a hero cop, saw Shannon assaulting a woman when Shannon aggressively approached the officer who then tried to arrest him.While Officer Cammarn was on the ground fighting with Shannon, people in a crowd pulled and pushed Cammarn to try and free Shannon. Others stood by recording the assault on their cell phones. Via: Independent Sentinel ",0
14102,OBAMA Is GIVING YOUR Money To Illegal Aliens To Start Businesses…You Won’t Believe Where Those Businesses Are Located [VIDEO],"American citizens are eligible to apply for small business LOANS, but they are also responsible for paying them back with interest. Illegal aliens on the other hand, are getting FREE money from the American taxpayer to start a business with no obligation to pay us back. Oh and there s one more big catch Read the fine print on the Small Business Administration s website, and you ll find that the agency does not provide the funds to  start or grow  a small business   the engine of the American economy, providing roughly three-quarters of all new jobs. Rather, the SBA provides offers loan guarantees to the banks and lenders that do provide seed money. So it might come as a surprise to American entrepreneurs that there is at least one group to whom the federal government is providing direct assistance for business start-ups: illegal aliens. In fact, these recipients of your taxpayer funds fall into an even more restricted category: illegal aliens who have been deported back to their native land.As part of an ongoing project he calls The Waste Report, Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., has called attention to these outlays, which are made by an obscure federal agency called the Inter-American Foundation (IAF).Housed in a nondescript building a few blocks from the White House, IAF is spending up to $50,000 annually to help Salvadorans sent back to El Salvador to  reintegrate  into their communities, under the idea that doing so will make them less likely to seek to return to the United States.IAF works through a local NGO called INSAMI, which stands for Instituto Salvadore o del Migrante and which estimates that 500 Salvadorans are deported from the U.S. to El Salvador each week. The group says the IAF funds assist sixty Salvadorans a year,  including deportees,  by helping to  facilitate their reintegration into their communities and support their enterprises.  This is accomplished by  offering financial education, technical advice and assistance with business plans,  all of which serves, in turn, to  assure that broader support and resources are available to the migrants, that their abilities are appreciated, their concerns understood and their needs met. IAF did not respond to Fox News  requests for comment. Once we deport them, we set them up in business? It makes no sense to me,  Sen. Paul said in an interview with Fox News.Shawn Moran, vice president of the National Border Patrol Council (NBPC), the union that represents America s 21,000 Border Patrol officers, expressed dismay at learning of the federal outlays to deported illegal aliens.Moran indicated that limited funding has made it exceedingly rare for Border Patrol officers ever to have a partner while they are working along the southern border, often at night   a state of affairs that leaves the officers more vulnerable to assaults by heavily armed alien- and drug-smugglers. He also alluded to equipment shortages that compromise the officers  effectiveness. Agents do not have the tried and true tools that they need to conduct law enforcement operations,  Moran told Fox News. And I think $50,000 could go a long way in one Border Patrol sector to help correct that.  He cited the communications devices the officers rely on.  Agents are using radios that oftentimes, they can see a Border Patrol station from the hills along the border, yet they can t talk to it. So what else might $50,000 of taxpayer funds purchase to secure the border against illegal aliens from El Salvador and elsewhere?A review of help-wanted ads posted online by the federal Customs and Border Protection (CBP) agency finds that as recently as April 7, CBP was conducting a search for Border Patrol agents in multiple locations, with the top annual starting salary placed at: $50,600.For that same amount, the federal government could purchase seven Yamaha Grizzly 450 automatic utility all-terrain vehicles like these, of which the federal government purchased fifteen, from a Decatur, Illinois-based motor sports store, in September 2013.Via: FOX News ",0
14103,WHO WILL SUPPORT “THE BERN”? New Numbers Show OBAMA STOLE An EXTRA 6 Months Income From Average Working American Since Bush Years,"The average American makes $52,250* per year. The extra $25K Obama stole from working Americans didn t include free college or the redistribution of your income to people who would rather not work. It didn t include support for people who came here illegally and need to be taken care of either.  Over the course of the 86 full months that President Barack Obama has completed serving in the White House from February 2009 through March 2016 the U.S. Treasury has collected approximately $18,764,164,000,000 in tax revenues (in non-inflation-adjusted dollars), according to the Monthly Treasury Statements issued during that period. (President Obama was inaugurated on Jan. 20, 2009.)That equals approximately $124,003 for each of the 151,320,000 persons who, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, had either a full- or part-time job during March 2016.During the same 86-month stretch of the Obama presidency, the total debt of the federal government increased from $10,632,005,246,736.97 to $19,264,938,619,643.07, according to the Treasury.That is an increase in the debt of $8,632,933,372,906.10 or approximately $57,051 for each of the 151,320,000 people with jobs as of March.If the Treasury succeeds in collecting the full $3,335,502,000,000 in reveneus that the White House Office of Management and Budget estimates it will collect in fiscal 2016 (which will end on Sept. 30), Obama will become the first American president whose Treasury collected more than $20,000,000,000,000 in taxes (in non-inflation adjusted dollars) during his time in office.As of the end of fiscal 2015 (on Sept. 30, 2015), the Treasury had collected a total of approximately $17,287,946,000,000 during the 80 full months Obama had at that point served as president.By the end of this September if the Treasury collects the estimated $3,335,502,000,000 in revenues for this year the Treasury will have collected $20,623,448,000,000 in taxes during the 92 full months Obama will by then have served in the White House.During the first 86 full months that George W. Bush was president (February 2001 through March 2008), according to the Monthly Treasury Statements, the Treasury collected approximately $15,099,826,000,000 in taxes. (From February 2001 through January 2009, the Treasury collected $17,251,191,000,000 in taxes. Bush was inaugurated on Jan, 20, 2001 and left office on Jan. 20, 2009, when Obama was sworn in.)The $15,099,826,000,000 in taxes that the Treasury collected during Bush s first 86 full months in office equaled approximately $103,363 for each of the 146,086,000 persons who had a full- or part-time job in March 2008.During the first 86 full months of George W. Bush s presidency, the debt increased from $5,716,070,587,057.36 to $9,437,594,138,091.39.That is a debt increase of $3,721,523,551,034.03 or approximately $25,475 for each of the 146,086,000 persons who had a job in March 2008.For entire story: CNS News*US Census ",0
14104,ECONOMIC SYSTEMS BRILLIANTLY EXPLAINED WITH COWS,"Share this with everyone! There s a good reason (with the exception of the Obama years) the United States of America has remained a world economic leader for most of its existence. Hint for Bernie Sanders loyalists: It has nothing to do with Socialism.If this easy to understand illustration explaining various economic systems was part of every student s education in America, we wouldn t be watching auditoriums packed with young Bernie-bots who naively believe Socialism is the answer. ",0
14105,"POPE MEETS WITH ANGRY, JEWISH, PR0 LATE-TERM ABORTION, SOCIALIST To Discuss Morality, Phony Climate Change","As a Catholic I m offended by this Pope s political meddling in our Presidential election beyond words Pope Francis met U.S. presidential candidate Bernie Sanders in the Vatican on Saturday morning and the two discussed the need for morality in the world economy before the pontiff left for a visit to the Greek island of Lesbos.Columbia University Professor Jeffrey Sachs told Reuters that the meeting took place in the Vatican guesthouse where the pope lives and where Sanders had spent the night after addressing a Vatican conference on social justice.The Vatican had said that a meeting between the two was not planned, and Sanders said he did not expect to meet the pope during his trip. He is a beautiful man,  Sanders said in an interview with ABC News after the meeting.  I am not a Catholic, but there is a radiance that comes from him. Sachs said Sanders, who was accompanied by his wife, spoke with the pope for about five minutes. Sachs, his wife, and Bishop Marcelo Sanchez Sorondo, head of the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences, were also in the room. I just conveyed to him my admiration for the extraordinary work he is doing raising some of the most important issues facing our planet and the billions of people on the planet and injecting the need for morality in the global economy,  Sanders told ABC.The Democratic hopeful from Vermont has campaigned on a promise to rein in corporate power and level the economic playing field for working and lower-income Americans whom he says have been left behind, a message echoing that of the pope.When Sachs, who has advised the United Nations on climate change, was asked if the meeting could be interpreted as political, he said:  This was absolutely not political. This is a senator who for decades has been speaking about the moral economy. The meeting came just days before Tuesday s Democratic party primary in New York, where polls say he is trailing Hillary Clinton. After he won seven of the last eight state contests, a loss in Sanders  home state would give front-runner Clinton a boost toward the party s presidential nomination.Sanders, the Brooklyn-born son of Polish Jewish immigrants, has said the trip was not a pitch for the Catholic vote but a testament to his admiration for the pontiff. Via: Reuters ",0
14106,"GUT WRENCHING: OBAMA Meets With Rappers To Discuss Criminal Justice Reform…Doublespeak For Pardoning Criminals, Investigating Cops","Is there any question what Obama s priorities are in his final 8 1/2 months in office? His legacy will most certainly be that of the most divisive President (and First Lady) to ever occupy the White House. Every law enforcement officer in America should be concerned about his obsession with taking them down a few notches.President Obama is meeting with a group of music stars on Friday to discuss his push for criminal justice reform and his initiaitve dedicated to helping young men and boys of color.Rappers Busta Rhymes, Common, J. Cole, Wale, Ludacris and Chance the Rapper are all attending the meeting, according to a senior administration official.The meeting comes as Obama is trying to beef up support for the My Brother s Keeper Initiative, which is designed to help young African-Americans get an education, college degree and job training.Obama and his supporters launched a nonprofit group last May that will allow the president to continue the work once he leaves office.The president has also tried to keep momentum behind a bipartisan coalition looking to pass legislation in Congress that would reduce prison sentences for many non-violent drug offenders. Senior adviser Valerie Jarrett and My Brother s Keeper task force chairman Broderick Johnson also attended the meeting.War On Cops: President Obama says his  criminal justice reform    doublespeak for pardoning criminals and investigating cops   is gaining bipartisan support. New FBI crime data should stop the movement in its tracks.Last fall, we argued that Obama s war on police, prosecuted with the help of his Black Lives Matter goons, sparked a  national crime wave.   Violent criminals are getting the upper hand as the  Ferguson effect  takes hold in cities across the country,  we noted.  Less-aggressive policing has emboldened the bad guys, leading to a nationwide spike in murder. Officers fear violating softer new use-of-force and arrest policies, pushed on cities by the Obama Justice Department, will open them up to civil-rights prosecution. Many have backed off patrols and stops in dangerous urban areas as a result. The result: Year-over-year homicide rates are up 76% in Milwaukee; 60% in St. Louis; 56% in Baltimore; 44% in Washington, D.C.; 22% in New Orleans; 20% in Chicago; 20% in Kansas City; and 17% in Dallas. Single-digit rises have been seen in New York and other cities. Soon after, FBI Director James Comey indicated that spiking murder rates may be partly due to the  Ferguson effect    police reluctance to carry out their duties over fear of being investigated for abuse or discrimination, or shot by angry thugs in the line of duty.Police chiefs echoed his concerns, prompting the attorney general to gather major police chiefs and mayors together in Washington for a crime summit. It was supposed to be a closed meeting, no press allowed.But a Washington Post reporter snuck in and recorded Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel complaining that all the vitriol thrown at cops had put them in a  fetal  position. Obama s former chief of staff said they were backing off crime in gang-infested areas of his city.Obama pooh-poohed the city-by-city reports of climbing murder rates, arguing that there wasn t any aggregate data to show a national trend. But now we have the national data from the FBI. It confirms that the U.S. murder rate shot up 6.2% in the first half of 2015 from a year earlier. The spike reverses a three-year downtrend.Overall violent crime   murder, rape, robbery, aggravated assault   rose almost 2%, in contrast to a nearly 5% drop in the comparable period of 2014. Violent crime rose in all but one of the nation s four regions, the FBI said, and all but two city groupings.If liberal pundits and politicians want to stop soaring crime rates, they should stop vilifying cops. And they should start speaking out against the Black Lives Matter race-mongers and their  criminal-justice reforming  patrons in the White House. ",0
14107,DRAFT TIM TEBOW Effort Ignites Rumors He’ll Run For Office In Florida,"What a great fit! Tim Tebow is such a good man and a newbie to politics which is a plus these days. With the announcement of the GOP Rep in the Jacksonville, FL area retiring, this could be the perfect time for Tebow to throw his hat in the ring The sudden retirement announcement of veteran GOP Rep. Ander Crenshaw has ignited speculation about a potential high-profile successor: former University of Florida quarterback Tim Tebow.The district now represented by the 71-year-old Mr. Crenshaw includes the Jacksonville area, where Mr. Tebow maintains a residence, a business   XV Enterprises, a sports-consulting firm   and the Tim Tebow FoundationJust two weeks ago, Mr. Tebow, 28, said in an interview during his foundation s annual golf tournament he found the idea of entering politics  intriguing. I don t know at this time in my life,  Mr. Tebow said March 29 on Fox & Friends, adding,  [I]f there s a chance you can make a difference someday at something, then that would be intriguing. Mr. Crenshaw, who has served for 16 years in the safe Republican district, announced Wednesday he would not seek re-election, saying it was  time to turn the page on this chapter of my life and see what s next. The website Red Alert Politics wasted no time in mounting a  draft Tebow  effort, calling him  uniquely qualified to be a Florida congressman. Read more: WT",0
14108,OOPS! ABSOLUTELY NO ONE SHOWED UP For NYC Debut Of Beyonce’s Clothing Line…Is Her RADICAL Super Bowl Performance To Blame?,"I was in Nordstrom yesterday when our salesperson asked my teenage daughter and I if we had seen the new  Ivy Park  collection by Beyonce yet? My response to her was  no,  as I turned to my daughter and told her I wouldn t buy anything for her from that collection if it was the only thing Nordstrom sold. It wasn t that long ago I watched Beyonce dressed in her Black Panther inspired costume, performing a hateful, cop bashing song during Super Bowl 2016 (Watch HERE). I haven t forgotten and it s not likely I ll forget anytime soon.  People who love our country and are tired of seeing it being divided into categories of race and sexual orientation need to stand up to these race peddlers and hit them where it hurts in their bank accounts. Beyonce s radical, racist husband is making money hand over fist from people of all races, yet he s dumped over $1.5 million into groups and organizations specifically designed to divide our nation and instill hatred towards our law enforcement officers.  Cosmopolitan Since it was announced, people have been dying over the launch of Beyonc s highly anticipated womenswear athleisure line for Toyshop, Ivy Park. The collection, which hit stores today, is the type of collaboration that people wait hours in line for, trample each other for   you get the picture.My mouth dropped when I showed up for the launch of Ivy Park at Topshop s Soho location in New York. There was not a single person in line.No camping out overnight, no eager shoppers. It was so quiet I could hear the birds chirping. All I saw were people walking their dogs and grabbing their morning coffees. Where was the Beyhive? I couldn t have been the only one who cared. Because Beyonc .The doors were set to open at 10 a.m.Here was the scene an hour before the launch They were shocked by the low turnout too. I woke up and saw the hashtag and could see that London had crazy lines, so I felt like I had to rush to get down to the store,  said one shopper, Krystal.  Why are people not here? It s Beyonc . I don t understand. Her much hyped debut sportswear line launched at Topshop in London on Wednesday but Beyonce was no where to be seen.It is the pop star s first collection for Topshop so her no-show was a something of mystery considering the enormous hype surrounding the launch.Retail magnate Sir Philip Green, who owns Topshop among a number of other High St brands, said Beyonce was very involved in the collaboration. She saw every single piece on (and) was very involved in the development. My girls loved working with her and it really worked very well,  the clothing mogul told USA Today.Her no-show, however, speaks volumes. Via: Scout Breitbart News  Jay-Z s streaming music service Tidal will donate $1.5 million raised at a charity concert last year to Black Lives Matter and other social justice organizations.According to Mic, the money raised at last year s Tidal X charity concert   which featured performances from the streaming service s co-owners including Nicki Minaj, Jay-Z, and Beyonc    will go to to the New World Foundation, which funds a number of local and national social justice advocacy groups.Among the organizations that will receive donations are Hands Up United, the Opportunity Agenda, the Baltimore Justice Fund, New York s Million Hoodies and NY Justice League, and Illinois  Black Youth Project.Donations will also reportedly be given to Trayvon Martin Foundation, the Michael O.D. Brown We Love Our Sons and Daughters Foundation, and the Oscar Grant Foundation. ",0
14109,"COLLEGE CAMPUS BANS Chalk, Fears Students Might Write “Trump” Word On Campus Sidewalks","Remember when college campuses were considered a  safe space  for political and social debate?DePaul University will no longer allow students to chalk political messages on the sidewalks of its campus because of the  offensive, hurtful, and divisive  nature of pro-Trump chalking found on campus last week. While these chalk messages are part of national agendas in a heated political battle, they appeared on campus at a time of significant racial tension in our country and on college campuses. DePaul is no exception,  Depaul s vice president for student affairs Eugene Zdziarski wrote in a campus-wide email obtained by Campus Reform.  The university has been addressing campus climate issues in an effort to provide an inclusive and supportive educational environment. In this context, many students, faculty and staff found the chalk messages offensive, hurtful and divisive. Consequently, Zdziarski explained that DePaul s status as a 501(c)3 tax-exempt non-profit organization prohibits students from participating in any political activity that could be interpreted as a reflection of the university s  views or opinions.  Political chalking on Depaul s grounds, Zdziarski argued, fits this description.Last week, Depaul s College Republicans organized a chalking campaign on campus, during which phrases such as  Make DePaul great again,   Blue Lives Matter,  and  Trump Train 2016  were scrawled on the sidewalks.The campus grounds crew removed the chalkings the following morning but cited routine maintenance as one of the reasons for their removal. After some investigation, it turns out this happened for two reasons,  the university wrote in a statement.  First, the crew regularly cleans up chalk messages on our sidewalks. This is a part of their duties. Secondly, some among the crew considered the messages inflammatory. The crew has agreed to consult about such matters in the future. Although the grounds crew  regularly cleans up chalk messages,  meaning DePaul students regularly chalk their campus  sidewalks, this appears to be the first time university officials have expressly addressed their chalking policies. Zdziarski noted, after the Trump chalkings appeared, that students are not even allowed to chalk on sidewalks at all. Students or student organizations may not post partisan political flyers, posters, signs or images on University bulletin board, buildings, electronic message boards, forums or sidewalks. This includes chalking on campus property,  he said.Via: Campus Reform",0
14110,AWESOME! Gavin McInnes Challenges Trump Protesters With EPIC Results [Video], You think those people are anti-love Bahahaha! The left can t handle the truth! This is epic! ,0
14111,WOMAN CRIES After Seeing How Easily Our Votes Are Stolen By Electronic Voting Machines [VIDEO], There are people out there who are giving their lives trying to make our elections secure and they re being called conspiracy theorists and technophobes. And these vendors are lying and saying  that everything s alright  and it s not alright. It s as though our country is one country and pretending to be another country. How can this be happening in our elections? Watch: ,0
14112,IMMIGRANTS FROM SOVIET UNION Want To Know Why Americans Support Bernie Sanders,"It s a pity the millennials who support Bernie Sanders have never had to stand in a bread line. They ve never had to watch everything their parents have worked so hard for, be taken away by their government. They don t make the connection that there s more to life than a  free college.  The huge deductions these millennials see on their paychecks usually takes care of the naive attitude of the immature, idealistic crybabies. People who escaped the former Soviet Union and came to America are not feeling the Bern. Perhaps because they know exactly what it s like to live in the socialist utopia Bernie Sanders wants for America.The Atlantic reports:Why Soviet Refugees Aren t Buying Sanders s SocialismSAN FRANCISCO Janna Sundeyeva still remembers life in the Soviet Union, where stores in remote regions would lack meat for months at a time and toilet paper had to be snatched up quickly on the rare occasions it appeared.But the minor indignities paled in comparison to what happened to her grandfather: He had the chance to come to America in 1929, but he opted to stay, sensing an economic thaw. Seven years later, Sundeyeva says, he was arrested and never heard from again.Sundeyeva immigrated to San Francisco from Moldova in 1994, and now she and her husband run a Russian-language newspaper here called Kstati. Her Soviet experience colors how she sees U.S. politics to this day. I don t like big government,  Sundeyeva said. She made two circles with her thumbs and forefingers and pressed them against each other so they touched, like binoculars. This Venn diagram represents the interests of people and government, she said.  They don t have very much in common. Today, she s not a registered Republican, but like many of the readers of her newspaper, she said she s starting to lean toward supporting Donald Trump for president. The other self-styled outsider in the race, though, holds no appeal for her. The only Bern she and many other Russians here are feeling is the one in the banya.To Sundeyeva, left-wingers seem to yearn for a workers  revolution.  I would ask them: Have you ever lived under a revolution?  she said.  Do you know what it s like? When someone comes and takes your family member in the night? Interviews with more than a dozen immigrants from the former Soviet Union in the Bay Area suggest that some in the community are recoiling from Bernie Sanders and his leftist ideals. One hundred years after the Bolshevik Revolution swept Communists into power, some Russians in America say they can t believe a serious candidate in the United States is calling himself a socialist.Many of us can t believe it either, folks.Bernie s support among young people can be chalked up to ignorance. Millennials have no memory of the Soviet Union or the horrors people endured under socialism. They ve grown up in the most free country in the world and have never wanted for anything. Via: Progressives Today",0
14113,"TRAYVON MARTIN’S MOM Goes On BLAME WHITEY Tour With Hillary, While His Dad Has BRUTAL Message That Could DESTROY Black Lives Matter","Trayvon s dad sounds more logical and  Presidential  than Obama when it comes to discussing the truth about black on black crime. Maybe he wasn t so far off the mark when Obama said Trayvon could be his son?While Trayvon Martin s mother is traipsing around the country as part of Hillary Clinton s pander tour and trying to convince everyone that her sweet little angel was gunned down by a racist system, Trayvon s father actually had something intelligent to say on the issue of race. In defiance of Black Lives Matter, Tracy Martin said that the movement is meaningless as long as blacks continue to kill each other.Tracy Martin was speaking before the 30th Annual Charles W. Kegley Memorial Institute of Ethics at California State Bakersfield on Tuesday when he uttered the words that will drive BLM into a frenzy. We gonna keep killing one another. I tell people all the time that we are committing genocide,  said Martin.And then here s the thing that if a white guy said it would be considered the most racist statement ever: We re on the brink of extinction at the way these shootings and killings are going on. We keep the funeral homes and the penal system in business. When are we going to wake up? I m a realist. We can t sit up and scream that black lives matter at any other ethnicity group if Black lives don t matter to Black people,  he said.This is what I find interesting here: Black Lives Matter is a movement that was created because of Trayvon Martin s death and it is a fact that the black activists get super-pissed off when anyone suggests that black-on-black violence is more of a pressing issue than hyped up and fictionalized racism. But this is the father of the person who spawned the movement saying that blacks killing blacks is the real problem. Something s gotta give.This could cause the movement to collapse on itself, creating a racism supernova that neither race-hustling nor manufactured outrage can escape.Unfortunately not everything that Tracy Martin said was as spot-on as his black-on-black crime observation. He said the way he wanted Trayvon to be remembered was,  not as the iconic image of the hoodie, but as the African-American boy who galvanized the country. To galvanize generally means uniting people to action behind a common cause. That is the complete opposite of what Trayvon Martin s death did to this country. Besides birthing the BLM movement, the Trayvon Martin shooting and subsequent trial divided this nation along racial lines at ten times the rate of Barack Obama s efforts.Though he wouldn t use the name of the man who defended his life against a violent attack by his son, Tracy Martin characterized George Zimmerman as  guilty  and   the man who pulled the trigger and killed an innocent. And then there s this: Trust me when I say that white America can t survive without Black America,  said Martin.Never trust someone who says  trust me  they are always lying.I know that when other black celebrities have spoken on the issue of black-on-black violence, they have been shouted down by the black activists and labeled  Uncle Toms.  It will be interesting to see how the black outrage machine deals with Tracy Martin, father of the father of Black Lives Matter, saying that black lives have to first matter to black people before they will mater to anyone else. Via: Downtrend",0
14114,NEIL CAVUTO AND YOUNG COMMIE CLASH: “The capitalist system is illegitimate” [Video],Pro-Bernie Sanders Commie clashes with Neil Cavuto  ,0
14115,BADASS CAMPUS COPS Cite Students For Wearing EMPTY Holster At College That Bans Water Guns [VIDEO],"Trigger warning If liberal schools and badass campus cops offend you, this video may cause a spike in your blood pressure Two University of South Alabama students were confronted by campus police Wednesday, and one student was cited for  causing alarm  by wearing an empty holster. This week is the empty holster protest for Students for Concealed Carry in Alabama to demonstrate that students are defenseless on campus,  D.J. Parten, president of Students for Concealed Carry, told Campus Reform. Along with fellow club member Kenneth Tews, Parten was also promoting an upcoming screening of the movie Can We Take a Joke? when three campus police officers approached their table demanding identification.Video footage, obtained by Campus Reform, shows one of the police officers asking to search the students, and when they exercise their right to refuse, another officer becoming aggravated and warning that he will find something to charge them with if they remain uncooperative a threat that is eventually carried out against Parten.The school s website states that  all weapons are prohibited in University housing buildings, parking lots, and on University property  adding that  this includes, but is not limited to, bullets, ball bearing bullets, bullet balls, pellets, firearms, guns, knives, paintball guns, air guns, hunting bows, archery bows, swords, martial arts weapons, and replicas of such weapons. Toy and water guns are prohibited. Parton protested that nothing in the policy even implies that he is not allowed to wear the empty holster, particularly since he was doing it as a way of drawing attention to the school s no-gun policy, but made no headway with the intractable officer, who insisted that the empty holster represented a potential safety hazard because it implied the existence of a firearm whose whereabouts he could not ascertain. Is this just because I have a holster on me?  Parten asks the officer after turning over his identification. Yeah, it is, because somebody called it in,  the officer replies matter-of-factly.  You know there s a no-weapons policy out here, but still you want to push it. Uh   this is a protest,  Parten submits after a short pause, evidently caught off-guard by the notion that an empty holster might violate the policy. Did you get permission to wear it?  the officer queries him. I don t need permission to wear it,  Parten replies confidently. You need permission from the university. To wear a holster?  he asks with undisguised incredulity.Standing his rhetorical ground, the officer simply shrugs off the challenge and says,  There s a no-weapons policy here. It s not a weapon. I understand that,  the officer concedes.  Take it up with Dean of Students, then, because y all are gonna be written up for disciplinary [sic], and I will put in there your attitude, you understand? Assuming a more confrontational demeanor, the officer then turns to Parten and states,  So I m gonna ask you one more time: where s the weapon? I don t have it,  Parten tells him.  It s at home. Later in the video, though, the first officer calls Parten over after the others have stepped away and acknowledges that neither of the students had technically done anything wrong, then requests  for your safety as well as mine  that they be more compliant in the future when officers respond to reports of a possible weapon. What you re doing is not against the rules or the law,  he explains,  but when we get a call thinking somebody might have a gun, you have to be polite and cooperative, because if you start being difficult, [it looks like] you re carrying something. Your friend here had his hands in pockets, and he kind of laughed when I asked him to take them out, but he forgot that he put this little folding knife that has a clip on the outside in his pocket. Parton and Tews counter that, at least with respect to the holsters (which were the reason the officers were called, in the first place), they were engaged in a public display that was explicitly billed as an empty holster protest. Via: Campus Reform",0
14116,BREAKING: NYC PROTEST GETS UGLY: Anti-American Protesters BATTLE WITH COPS [Video],"NYPD assaulting protestors, violent arrests happening on 50th st approachin 9th ave #NYPDKKK pic.twitter.com/cy4xsfT7Q9  Millions March NYC (@MillionsMarch) April 15, 2016  A LONE TRUMP SUPPORTER IS PUSHED THROUGH THE CROWD BY THE POLICE:Lone racist Trump supporter running away  #HATEFREENYC #ShutDownTrump4Akai pic.twitter.com/4RuL9e7sZJ  Millions March NYC (@MillionsMarch) April 14, 2016  PROTESTER CHANTS:  EVERYTHING FOR EVERYONE Protestors storming back entrance of Grand Hyatt NY #ShutDownTrump4Akai #HateFreeNYC pic.twitter.com/EfPu1p9hvs  Millions March NYC (@MillionsMarch) April 14, 2016  THE NY STATE GOP GALA IS IN NYC TONIGHT and the paid protesters are out in force. We ll be reporting on anything important but here are a few pictures of the cast of characters at the protest:All you need to see to let you know that the Trump protests are NOT grassroots is the picture below but the last picture is a shocker (why would a Ted Cruz supporter hang with these protesters?): ILLEGAL ALIENS who say it s racist and hateful to want to have borders go figure Obama s Purple Army SEIU is marching with the socialists:A Ted Cruz supporter joins the communists and anarchists to protest Trump: ",0
14117,THIS’LL MAKE YOUR DAY: ‘THE CHALKENING’ Continues On Campuses Across America [Video],"This video will make your day and give you hope for Conservatism. No matter what candidate you re for, this effort by college students should warm your heart. All is not lost! ",0
14118,OBAMA PRESSURED U.S. SHOE COMPANY To Keep Their Mouths Shut…But Now The Deal is OFF…And So Are The Gloves!,"Of course, putting America first is a totally foreign concept to the man who occupies the highest office in the nation. Obama appears to have even (temporarily) given up the game of golf in order to spend every last second of his final term forming alliances with communist leaders, shutting down American companies (like the coal industry he promised to bankrupt) and destroying our most basic rights afforded to us by the US Constitution (that he has absolutely no regard for). Why would anyone expect Obama to protect an American business without something being in it for him?The Boston Globe is reporting that U.S.-based shoe manufacturer New Balance has come out hard against the Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal. The odd thing, though, is that  the Boston company had gone quiet [on TPP] last year. Now, apparently, we know why:New Balance officials say one big reason is that they were told the Department of Defense would give them serious consideration for a contract to outfit recruits with athletic shoes.But no order has been placed, and New Balance officials say the Pentagon is intentionally delaying any purchase.New Balance is reviving its fight against the trade deal, which would, in part, gradually phase out tariffs on shoes made in Vietnam. A loss of those tariffs, the company says, would make imports cheaper and jeopardize its factory jobs in New England.Tariffs on shoes are steep, and New Balance is one of a handful of shoe companies that still manufactures shoes in the United States. (Though, 75 percent of their shoes are made abroad.)The company s leaders appear to disagree that the now-broken deal was underhanded.  There was no quid pro quo deal,  Rob DeMartini, CEO of New Balance told WMTW.  We wanted to compete for a big piece of business that we are very confident we can win in. Matt LeBretton, VP of public affairs for the company, tells the Globe that:We swallowed the poison pill that is TPP so we could have a chance to bid on these contracts, We were assured this would be a top-down approach at the Department of Defense if we agreed to either support or remain neutral on TPP. [But] the chances of the Department of Defense buying shoes that are made in the USA are slim to none while Obama is president. The fight comes as a result of a statutory requirement known as the Berry Amendment, which places restrictions on where the items used by members of the armed forces are manufactured. New Balance had hoped their U.S.-made shoes could put an end to the exemption for imported athletic shoes, which the DoD has allowed in recent years. Via: Weekly Standard ",0
14119,"WATCH: FRATERNITY BROTHERS BUILD “Make America Great Again” Trump Wall On PRIVATE Property…THUG Students Tear It Down, Disregard First Amendment Right","Many Americans believe it s  racist  to keep minorities trapped in a system that forces them to rely on Bernie and Hillary s promises of  free shit  from the government. Does that mean it s okay for them to go around and disassemble Bernie Sanders displays on college campuses?A Tulane University fraternity has caused an uproar this week after building a wall made of sandbags with the message  Make America Great Again and  Trump  plastered across it.Photos of the wall circulated on social media after it was erected on April 7 on the off-campus house of the university s chapter of Kappa Alpha Order.As part of the local chapter s annual tradition, it has pledges build a wall around its private property each spring ahead of its  Old South  formal ball, according to The Times-Picayune. However, upset students said this time the wall was  filled with connotations of hate and ignorance. The wall has since been torn down by unidentified individuals alleged to be Tulane football players.WATCH here:In a video posted to YouTube, individuals can be seen grabbing the sandbags and tossing them into the street while fraternity members look on, one saying  this is private property. These connotations most directly mocked the experiences of Latino immigrants and workers throughout our nation,  a post on student Ana De Santiago s Facebook read. By writing Trump in large, red letters across the  wall,  KA changed what was a tradition of building a wall into a tradition of constructing a border, symbolizing separation and xenophobia.  This issue not only affects Latinos but all other marginalized immigrant groups in this country.On Wednesday, the university addressed the incident in a statement, saying that while it encourages the  free exchange of ideas and opinions , the local chapter s actions  sparked a visceral reaction in the context of a very heated and divisive political season,  The Times-Picayune reported.In an effort to support the individuals who dismantled the fraternity s  Trump wall , Tulane s Latino student advocacy group, Generating Excellence Now and Tomorrow in Education (GENTE), set up a Change.org petition against the university s administration. We the undersigned stand in solidarity with the individuals who took the brave action of dismantling the wall in front of Kappa Alpha Fraternity House,  a statement on the petition read. This wall, although a tradition carried on by Kappa Alpha for many years, has been a source of aggression towards students of colour on this campus, and this year, with the addition of the labels  Trump  and  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN,  has become overtly threatening towards Muslim and Latino students. In a statement released to The times-Picayune on Tuesday, the fraternity s national chapter Assistant Executive Director for Advancement Jesse Lyons said its chapter takes KA s values of gentlemanly conduct very seriously. This respect extends to every student of Tulane and every member of the broader community,  the statement read. The comment was written on a makeshift wall on our private property, normally used for a game of capture the flag, to mock the ideologies of a political candidate. This had a unintended negative effect and as such it has been dismantled. In other words, they caved, and ceded their First Amendment right to free speech, in order to avoid any controversy created by the Leftist Mafia.*According to the fraternity s website, KA was founded in 1865 and Robert E Lee, who is known for commanding the Confederate Army in the Civil War, is listed as its spiritual founder.In 2010, the national fraternity chapter ordered an official ban on fraternity s members wearing Confederate soldier uniforms to its annual Old South Ball.In a document titled  Laws concerning Old South , KA also prohibits the display of the Confederate flag from  any chapter house, lodge, or meeting place.   Via: Daily Mail*100percentfedup.com ",0
14120,VIOLENT PROTEST Outside Trump Rally In Pittsburgh As Cops Come Down On Black Lives Matter Thugs [Video],You can thank the racist Black Lives Matter PAID PROTESTERS for this mayhem. They re trying to make it appear as though the people who support Trump are violent racists. The police should use their full force to stop this now because it ll set an example for future attempts to rally. Law and order comes first! You can blame Obama s buddy George Soros for stirring up this chaos. BTW-Trump has done NOTHING racist! He wants our border closed to illegals for the safety of Americans. He also wants a moratorium on Muslim refugees which is exactly what our FBI and DHS would recommend because they ve said we CANNOT vet these refugees. So what s the beef? ,0
14121,80 YEAR OLD MAN Writes MUST READ Letter To RNC To Explain Why He’s Voting For Trump,"This letter was sent to 100% FED Up! by an anonymous author:It doesn t matter who you support for President in 2016. This letter will make you want to stand up and cheer for the 80 year old American who expresses what most of us are feeling right now. Enjoy RNC P.O. Box 96994 Washington DC 20090-6994Dear Representative,From the time I was able to vote I voted Republican. I am 80 years old, and have a great deal of respect and influence with hundreds of senior ball players who also network with thousands of others around the country.I received your questionnaire and request for money and strongly agree with every question, as I have since Obama was elected. Unfortunately the one question that was missing is  What have the Republicans done for the American people?  We gave you a majority in the House and Senate, yet you never listened to us. Now you want our money.You should be more concerned about our votes, not our money. You are the establishment, which means all you want is to save your jobs and line your pockets  Well guess what?  It s not going to happen  You shake in your boots when I tell you we re giving our support to TRUMP and he hasn t asked for a dime.You might think we are fools because you feel Trump is on a self destruction course, but you need to look beyond Washington and listen to the masses. Nobody has achieved what he has, especially in the liberal state of New York.You clearly don t understand why the Trump movement is so strong, so I d like to share with you an analogy to help explain the Trump phenomenon. By the way, it s not just the Republicans who feel ignored and disrespected, there are plenty of Democrats and Independents who also feel let down by the Washington elite. You seem to have forgotten about  We The People  and who hired you to represent us.So here it is, the best analogy I could come up with. Here is the reason so many Americans have boarded the Trump Train, and why you re pleas to come back to the party who deserted us, is falling on deaf ears:You ve been on vacation for two weeks, you come home, and your basement is infested with raccoons. Hundreds of rabid, messy, mean raccoons have overtaken your basement. You want them gone immediately You call the city and four different exterminators, but nobody could handle the job. There is this one guy however, who guarantees you he will get rid of them, so you hire him. You don t care if the guy smells, you don t care if the guy swears, you don t care how many times he s been married, you don t care if he was friends with liberals, you don t care if he has plumber s crack you simply want those raccoons gone! You want your problem fixed! He s the guy. He s the best. Period. Here s why we want Trump: Yes he s a bit of an ass, yes he s an egomaniac, but we don t care. The country is a mess because politicians have become too self-serving. The Republican Party is two-faced & gutless. Illegal aliens have been allowed to invade our nation. We want it all fixed! We don t care that Trump is crude, we don t care that he insults people, we don t care that he had been friendly with Hillary, we don t care that he has changed positions, we don t care that he s been married three times, we don t care that he fights with Megan Kelly and Rosie O Donnell, we don t care that he doesn t know the name of some Muslim terrorist.This country is weak, bankrupt, our enemies are making fun of us, we are being invaded by illegal aliens and bringing tens of thousands of Muslim refugees to America, while leaving Christians behind to be persecuted. We are becoming a nation of victims where every Tom, Ricardo and Hasid is part of a special group with special rights, to the point where we don t even recognize the country we were born and raised in;  AND WE JUST WANT IT FIXED  and Trump is the only guy who seems to understand what the people want.We re sick of politicians. We re sick of the Democratic Party and the Republican Party. We just want this thing fixed. Trump may not be a saint, but he isn t beholden to lobbyist money and he doesn t have political correctness restraining him. All we know is that he has been very successful, he s an excellent negotiator, he has built a lot of things, and he s also not a politician. He s definitely not a cowardly politician. When he says he ll fix it, we believe him because he is too much of an egotist to be proven wrong or looked at and called a liar.Oh yeah I forgot we don t care if the guy has bad hair either.We just want those raccoons gone.Out of your house.NOW!",0
14122,THE CHALKENING: Political Chalk Drawing Bandit Terrorizing Liberals Across America [Video],The social justice warriors are being terrorized by the chalk bandit Bahahaha! ,0
14123,TAKE A LOOK INSIDE THE NEW “PUTIN CAFE” Featuring Obama Toilet Paper In Restrooms,"The majority of Americans would likely find the choice of Obama toilet paper to be humorous. The American flag floor mats however (see image below), are far from funny Vladimir Putin fans now have the perfect place to toast to the Russian leader thanks to a newly opened cafe dedicated solely to the action man president.Welcome to the incredibly patriotic President Cafe in eastern Siberia, located around 4,000 km (2,500 miles) from Moscow, where Putin s face covers the walls and Barack Obama s smiling face is on the toilet paper.Graffiti-daubed pictures of Obama, as well as David Cameron and his German counterpart Angela Merkel, also greet visitors to the toilet   with floor mats featuring US flag adding to the anti-Western vibe.Visitors can also pose for photos with a life-size picture of the Russian leader at the bar which opened last month in the working-class city of Krasnoyarsk, Reuters reports.So what inspired him to open the Putin cafe? When we got together with partners to open a new cafe, we thought of a concept that would attract customers and guarantee its success,  he said. And it then dawned on us: Russia still had no cafe or restaurant fully dedicated to Putin, Russia s most popular politician! This is how our concept appeared. Then we worked on the design. He added:  People react the way they consider appropriate, and we give them this opportunity But, in general, we see this as entertainment.  Via: Telegraph ",0
14124,"BOMBSHELL: RNC Rules Committee Member Says Trump ONLY Needs 1,100 Delegates To Win [VIDEO]","With only 357 delegates to go for Trump to cinch the nomination, does this news present a public relations nightmare for the Republican establishment? Republican National Committee member Randy Evans said Wednesday that Donald Trump would likely be able to secure the Republican nomination if he captures anything more than 1,100 delegates, short of the 1,237 delegates needed for a simple majority. If Donald Trump exceeds 1,100 votes, he will become the nominee even though he may not have 1,237,  Evans said on MSNBC s  Morning Joe. RNC Rules Cmte. Member Randy Evans: If @realDonaldTrump exceeds 1100 votes, he will become the nominee https://t.co/NmEwHF5FFt  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) April 13, 2016Evans  comment is good news for Trump if it s a sentiment shared by other RNC members, since Trump is at risk of falling short of a majority of delegates by the time of the convention in July. But Evans also warned that if Trump slips much more, the nomination would likely fall to someone else. If he gets less than 1,000 delegates, then I think we re looking at a contested convention that could go on for many, many days,  Evans said.As of this week, Trump leads Cruz in the delegate race 743-545, but he s expected to pick up most of New York s delegates next week, and has polled well in other states whose primaries are approaching. Via: Washington Examiner",0
14125,HERE’S A PERFECT EXAMPLE OF WHY People Don’t Trust Muslims Living In Their Communities,"The massive shroud of secrecy in Muslim communities around the world is what causes people to question the motives of every Muslim. Aren t non-violent Muslims who say they wouldn t report a terror plot as culpable as the radical Muslims who commit acts of terror?  A new ICM poll has discovered two out of three Muslims in Britain would not give the government any information if they knew details about a terror plot.These disturbing poll results seem to indicate the government s counter-terrorism program, named Prevent, is unlikely to provide much usable information on active threats, if it passes along any information at all, The Express reports.The results also suggest the existence of a society deep inside Britain that is fundamentally opposed to its values and will actively subvert the government to protect its own members. Further questions in the survey revealed even more evidence that Muslims diverge entirely from British norms.For example, over 50 percent of Muslims think homosexuality should be illegal. A total of 23 percent of Muslims want Sharia law to become the dominant legal system in the country. Exactly 31 percent are completely comfortable with one man having multiple wives. Via: Daily CallerOn the bright side, 1/3 of British Muslims said they would report a terror plot.  ",0
14126,VIRAL PICTURE Shows Just How Messed Up Things Are In Obama’s America,Liberal lunacy has taken over America! We have people fighting for a bike path yet our infrastructure is crumbling. Priorities on a state and national level are so left leaning that it s simply nuts ,0
14127,YOU CAN THANK OBAMA FOR THIS: Black Woman Spits In Trump Supporter’s Face [Video],"You can blame Obama for the hatred and division you see in this video. After 7-plus years of constant race baiting and pot stirring by Obama and his minions, it s come to this: ",0
14128,BILL O’REILLY ASKS TRUMP “Racist” Question That Has Many Outraged…Was Bill Out-Of-Bounds This Time? [VIDEO],"Was O Reilly out-of-bounds? Most Americans would likely agree that we need to address the viability of employment opportunities for poorly educated Americans of every race who are walking around with multiple facial piercings and tattoos on their faces.Donald Trump appeared on The O Reilly Factor Monday night, but for once it wasn t the presidential candidate making headlines for his controversial remarks.Instead, it was Bill O Reilly himself who sparked fury after making statements about African-Americans that many called racist.During the interview, O Reilly pointed out that Trump is not polling well among minority voters, and questioned the Republican front-runner about his strategy for winning over black voters.Trump responded by saying he was doing  fantastic with African-Americans and with Hispanics  before launching into a speech about how the real issue was that jobs were being outsourced to countries like China and Mexico.O Reilly then pushed Trump to explain exactly how he could promise jobs to black voters, while offending many African-Americans at the same time. How are you going to get jobs for them?  O Reilly asked.  Many of them are ill-educated and have tattoos on their foreheads, and I hate to be generalized about it but it s true, if you look at all the educational statistics, how are you going to give jobs to people who aren t qualified for jobs?  Via: Daily MailBy the way Bill, there are no shortage of white people or Hispanics walking around with face tattoos. I m as sick as the next person of the excessive PC world we live in, but Bill s comments were pretty idiotic, has no basis and should be condemned. ",0
14129,WHY THIS REPUBLICAN GOVERNOR Is Being Called “The Most Selfish Man In Politics” [VIDEO],"Watch this video and you ll see why this man is being called  The Most Selfish Man In Politics King KasichThe Most Selfish Man In Politics. This is the  Hashtag  that really should be shared! Like us and Share if you agree that we shouldn t be usurped!Posted by RAW Conservative on Tuesday, 12 April 2016",0
14130,MICHELLE OBAMA Wanted Biden To Run So He Could Beat Hillary [Video],"Has their ever been a more vengeful and hateful First Lady?They are the elite group of women who occupy the East Wing of the White House as their husbands serve as presidents of the United States.Viewed as  the true modern power brokers of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , the first ladies have had different takes on their public positions and either love the proximity to the country s top policy advisers or view it as serving a prison term of teas, luncheons, dinners and photo ops.There are friendships among this sorority of first ladies and turbulent rivalries as well as  relationships fraught with hurt feelings and resentment, like that between Hillary Clinton and Michelle Obama , Kate Andersen Brower writes in her new book, First Women, the Grace and Power of America s Modern First Ladies, published by Harper. The 2008 presidential campaign left deep and lasting scars on both the Clinton and the Obama camps, and they are still shockingly fresh. Michelle, now 52, never forgot how Hillary mocked her husband s message of  hope and change  at a campaign rally in Ohio during that campaign. The sky will open, the light will come down, celestial choirs will be singing, and everyone will know that we should do the right thing, and the world would be perfect,  Clinton said.Watch Hillary starting at the 45 second mark:Hillary was right; that certainly didn t happen and she has remained bitter for years that Senator Ted Kennedy, who had been her mentor in the Senate, did not support her presidential candidacy in 2008.A source in Hillary s inner circle told the author that Hillary, now 68, is running again for president out of vengeance for that loss. She needs to win.Obama is viewed by Hillary s circle of people as not having the same work ethic as Hillary who they see as having a long record of dedicated public service.Those Clinton acolytes also suggest that  Michelle has not done enough as first lady  and has failed to prioritize funding for some programs that subsequently lost their federal support.One such program was Save America s Treasures, a program that Hillary started to help preserve and protect historic sites, arts and published works and was lovingly carried on by Laura Bush, the next first lady.Michelle felt no such obligation to those treasures and let the program dissolve.Michelle s feelings towards Hillary were blatantly obvious when no couple dinners were scheduled at the Obama White House while Hillary was secretary of state and frequently meeting with the President.Michelle is very close to Jill Biden and Vice President Joe Biden. She was hoping that Biden would run against Hillary for the Democratic nomination and his win would take away the sweet taste of victory once again for Hillary. Via: Daily Mail ",0
14131,WHY TRUMP’S OWN CHILDREN WON’T Be Voting For Him In NY Primary,"I m pretty sure Trump will win with a YUGE majority in New York without his kids votes. Eric Trump and Ivanka Trump won t be voting for their father, Donald, in the New York primary next week.The deadline to register to vote in the Republican primary in New York was October 9, 2015. Both Eric and Ivanka missed the deadline to register. They had a long time [to] register and they were, you know, unaware of the rules, and they didn t, they didn t register in time,  Trump stated during an interview on Fox News.  So they feel very, very guilty. But it s fine, I mean, I understand that. I think they have to register a year in advance and they didn t. So Eric and Ivanka I guess won t be voting,  Trump added. Via: Breitbart News",0
14132,SHOCKING GESTAPO TACTICS: P*ssed Off Patriot Removed From Delegate List For Supporting Trump [VIDEO], I ve been a lifelong Republican all of my life. I m ashamed to call myself a Republican. https://youtu.be/MVc_hIKFmmE,0
14133,EPIC RESPONSE AFTER THE BOSTON GLOBE Runs Fake Cover Bashing Trump…THIS IS GREAT!,THE BOSTON GLOBE ran a Sunday edition with a fake cover slamming Donald Trump for his desire to secure our border with Mexico. It was kind of a look at how supposedly horrible life would be with a president who actually puts Americans first. Fake news is happening everywhere these days but it s a big deal when a major newspaper does it. This is yet another example of how the media is so desperate to hurt Trump.The great thing is that there s the new media that responded almost immediately with a cover of Obama. The different in this cover is that these horrible things are REALLY happening under Obama! Way to go! ,0
14134,ARE YOU ONE OF THE 20 U.S. CITIES Targeted For Muslim Refugee Resettlement?,"The big wigs of business are all in on the resettlement of Muslim refugees all over America. There are 20 cities that have been chosen for their  welcoming  grant. This is Soros money and corporate money to replace the American worker with foreign labor. It s legal AND illegal workers who re provided sanctuary. Is your town on the list?Bob Iger, Rupert Murdock, Michael Bloomberg and Bill Marriott are just a few of the corporate execs working to help cities become sanctuaries for migrants   legal and illegal   while offering money to propagate a rosy view of immigrants  impact on the economy. The corporate honchos led by Bloomberg and Disney s Iger have teamed up with the nation s mayors in an organization called the Partnership for a New American Economy.PNAE announced March 29 it has picked 20 cities from among dozens of competing applications for a grant program based on their  welcoming  attitude toward immigrants, refugees and other  New Americans. The 20 cities awarded the  Gateways for Growth Award  are:  Akron and Summit County, Ohio   Anchorage, Alaska   Birmingham, Alabama   Brownsville, Texas   Columbus, Ohio   Detroit   Fargo, North Dakota   Houston   Indianapolis   Kansas City, Kansas/Missouri   Lancaster, Pennsylvania   Los Angeles   Macomb County, Michigan   Nashville, Tennessee   New Orleans   Phoenix and the state of Arizona   Pittsburgh   San Jose, California   Salt Lake County, Utah   Upstate New York region (Syracuse/Buffalo)At least half are already considered  sanctuary cities  and the others will be moving in that direction based on their willingness to compete for a grant that requires greater  inclusiveness  and cultural diversity.To be eligible for the grants a nonprofit had to partner with either a local government or Chamber of Commerce. The grants are to be used primarily for  educating  the public on the merits of expanded immigration.PNAE works with the George Soros-funded groups National Immigration Forum and Welcoming America to educate Americans about the wonders of mass immigration. They say it creates economic growth and vitality and the more immigrants and refugees that flow into a city, state or county the more prosperity they can expect to enjoy. These communities are leaders in the broader and growing trend to be more inclusive, countering the narrative often heard in the mainstream news,  says David Lubell, who started Welcoming America in Nashville several years ago with seed money from Soros.  Inclusive economic growth strategies that take into account both U.S. and foreign-born communities make cities more vibrant, attractive places for all residents to live, work, and thrive.  Lubell s organization is hosting a national strategy session April 19-21 in Atlanta in which it will share techniques on how to  build welcoming community campaigns. Read more: wnd",0
14135,HILLARY Uses A Noise Machine To Keep Us From Hearing Her Speech,"What could Hillary be saying that s so top secret she doesn t want us to hear. The people at the fundraiser had to pay a whopping $27,000 to hear this top secret info that the regular folk like you and me don t get to hear. Aaaahhhh, a woman of the people who s just like us Hillary Clinton s campaign team reportedly used a static noise machine on Thursday to block reporters outside of a fundraiser in Denver from hearing her remarks.That s according to Stan Bush, a reporter for Denver s CBS-4, who was stationed outside of the event, which was held outdoors at the home of Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper, a superdelegate who has endorsed Clinton.Bush said that the noise interference machine was turned on after a band   later identified as Big Head Todd and the Monsters   finished playing music and before Clinton spoke. The device was placed inside of a fence on the property and aimed in the direction of the press, Bush wrote. He posted video showing what it sounded like outside of the event before and after the machine was turned on. The device produced a low-intensity throbbing noise, much like a helicopter off in the distance.Read more: Daily Caller",0
14136,HILARIOUS! SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE Mocks Hillary’s Attempt To Ride The Subway In NYC [Video],"Yep, she s just like you and me! ",0
14137,COLLEGE PROFESSOR CAUGHT ON TAPE: You Can’t Have Peace If ‘Whiteness’ Exists…Poor Whites Also Have ‘Privilege”,"Close your eyes and imagine a white professor telling his students there will be no peace as long as  blackness  exists. Now picture that teacher in the unemployment line with about 100 cameras and reporters around him demanding he apologize for his blatant racism. Imagine how many hard working parents are scrimping and saving to send their children to college to be part of a captive audience in this racist s classroom. Parents better start speaking up and demanding these colleges and universities hold these radical, racist professors accountable for the things they are  teaching  our children. No one else is going to do it for us James Harrison, history professor at Portland Community College, said in a lecture Monday for the college s April Whiteness History Month that peace in the U.S. is impossible so long as whiteness still exists.In a talk entitled  Imagine A World Without Whiteness,  Harrison declared confidently conflict can only cease once the power structure of whiteness is totally eliminated. Imagine everyone living life in peace,  Harrison said, building off John Lennon s famous song  Imagine. And how do we get to that good world is the question   a world without conflict. And to me, my interpretation of these words, is it would be a world, or U.S., without whiteness, in terms of the power structure,  Harrison said, offering his own interpretation of Lennon s song. Can there be a world without whiteness, a world in which white privilege doesn t exist?  Harrison asked his audience. My answer is yes, we can, because it s happened before, and it all revolves around individuals taking small steps to dismantle and demolish the whole concept.  The effort is working. Harrison said whiteness is on the retreat, noting estimates indicate whites will no longer be a majority in the United States by 2040 or 2050.But do poor whites have white privilege? Harrison answered in the affirmative. Most whites, even poor whites, he said, don t recognize they have white privilege because it s invisible. It s like a club you belong to without asking to be part of it, Harrison said.Via: Daily Caller",0
14138,COMMUNIST Students THREATEN “Students For Trump” Event [VIDEO] How Much Longer Will Americans Allow Violent Left To Shut Down Free Speech?,"The breaking point is fast approaching in a divided America Obama couldn t have hoped for a better outcome in the final year of his failed presidency. Americans fighting Americans over race, religion and sexual orientation. Violence and threats are being used against anyone who disagrees with the Left, while Alinsky trained activists continue to be inspired by radicals like Obama and funded by radicals like Communist George Soros. The first meeting of Portland State University s Students for Trump group was loudly interrupted and shut down by anti-Trump protesters, who barged into the group s meeting on Thursday evening.A video released by the students shows Anti-Trump protesters causing a significant disruption at the meeting, which was a closed event for members of the club.Although the conversation was initially civil, it eventually progressed into name-calling and shouting. An Anti-Trump protester threatened a student that was filming the scene:  Point that f**king camera at me  Wait  til that camera is not there do you want to get f**ked up by a f**king faggot? After a protester took to standing on top of a table to address the crowd, a pro-Trump student suggested that starting a  Students Against Trump  group would have been a more productive way to combat pro-Trump students at PSU. The only way to combat this shit is to join an organization that has an anti-racist, anti-capitalist stance,  another protester claimed.  You need to get out of the fucking way and let people of color let these people organize themselves. Despite the meeting being a closed event for the club, the protesters demanded the right to speak. When a few pro-Trump students tried to calm down a protester yelling from atop a table, another protester yelled,  If you don t let her talk, I will f**k shit up. Although the disruption primarily led to shouting and name-calling, there were some productive discussions that happened amongst the chaos. One pro-Trump student explained that his own parents had gone through a lot to immigrate legally:  My family are immigrants, they paid thousands and thousands of dollars, they waited years. I don t see why it s fair to let anyone   we don t know who they are, they could be criminals, they could anything   just waltz through the country with no repercussions. Although most listened respectfully as the student explained his support of Trump, one student responded that he was disappointed that a minority could support Trump:  People of color Trump supporters make me so sad. Via: Breitbart News",0
14139,MICHELLE OBAMA Slams America At Iranian Party: “We’re Hearing So Much Disturbing And Hateful Rhetoric”,"So you have to listen to this little speech by Michelle Obama and understand that she s totally lying when she speaks about  disturbing  and  hateful rhetoric . Americans are NOT blowing themselves up or cutting heads off. If anything, Americans have been so forgiving and fantastic in the face of Islamic terrorism. There s so much more to say but in a nutshell we re not the ones screaming  Death to Iran!  BUT Iranians are screaming  DEATH TO AMERICA NUF SAID! Here s some propaganda from USA Today: ",0
14140,CA DEMOCRATS HAVE SOLUTION TO MASSIVE Health Care Costs…Assisted Suicide,"When a state has legislated themselves into an unrecoverable financial crisis, and they re offering health care to 170,000 illegal immigrants the only solution is to find a way to start eliminating costs. While most people would turn to cutting unnecessary government programs, compassionate Californians instead, turn to finding ways to eliminate humans who are a drain on the system.The Democrats appear to have found a solution to the massive costs of caring for humans. If you re living outside of the womb (we already know you have no rights if you re living inside the womb in CA) and are a burden on society, you might want to consider packing your bags and making a quick exit out of Communist California   Democrats in California might have found a solution for the burgeoning costs of Medi-Cal which still doesn t provide any palliative care and offers only one in every three a chance of getting cancer treatments. The solution they ve come up with is doctor-assisted suicide also known as euthanasia. That s right, they re going to end the lives of some people on the program.They are willing to put their money where their mouths are and Governor Moonbeam Brown, in addition to putting it in the budget, will allow this expansion to take place before the new proposed law even takes effect.It s hard to remember a case where they were this enthusiastic and worked this fast.The lethal drugs will cost $5400 per patient but it s a lot cheaper than keeping them alive and providing care.The proponents claim it has nothing to do with saving costs but they said it during the session called to address the ever-growing deficit in Medi-Cal.Enthusiastically, Governor Moonbeam put $2.3 million into the budget to off 443 Medi-Cal patients. The doctor of death only has to visit twice and only nine of the planned 443 targeted patients will be sent for mental health evaluations.The proponents want another quarter million to hire staff to help with the Euthanasia regulations and DHCS wants another $323,000 to set up a database.One of the original authors of the bill, Senator Bill Monning (D-Carmel), has proposed a toll-free number for the public to find out how to arrange suicide with the help of a doctor.No effort will be too small to get this sure-fire deficit buster going. Liberals  love this sort of thing.Leftist Robert Reich on assisted suicide:Dr. Kevorkian once went to jail for this.California just extended Medi-Cal to 170,000 illegal immigrant children and they want to extend it to all illegal immigrants. They will have to end a lot of lives to cover the costs. Liberals don t worry about costs until after the program is implemented. Now that Daddy Government is in charge of your healthcare, he s also in charge of your death. Weasel Zippers Via: Independent Sentinel ",0
14141,TRUMP’S RIGHT AGAIN AND OBAMA’S WRONG! The US Is Currently Blocking Funds To Somalia!," Donald Trump has announced he would force Mexico to pay for a  wall at the border by threatening to cut off billions of dollars in remittances sent by immigrants living in the United States.A snarky Obama scolded Donald Trump on his plan: The implications in regards to ending remittances, many of which by the way are from legal immigrants, and are from individuals who are sending money back to their families, are enormous. First of all, they re impractical  The notion that we re going to track every Western Union bit of money that is being sent to Mexico, uh, good luck with that. Then we got the implications for the Mexican economy. Which in turn if it is collapsing sends more immigrants north because they can t find jobs back in Mexico. Of course, Barack Obama is wrong about this, too.The US already cuts off remittance payments to Somalia. US News reported:Following the Sept. 11 terror attacks, Congress passed stricter money-laundering regulations, which caused several large U.S. banks to close the accounts of Somali money transfer operators out of fears that funds would end up in the hands of terrorist groups like al-Shabab. Regulation in the U.K. and Australia also made it difficult for Somali money transfer operators to work there.Since then, operators have scraped by through partnerships with small and medium-sized U.S. banks that still allow funds to be sent to Somalia. But Merchants Bank of California, responsible for transferring between 60 and 80 percent of the total remittances sent to Somalia from the U.S., announced it would shut down such accounts in early February, and reportedly is still implementing the policy.The Mexican central bank reported that money sent home by Mexicans overseas hit nearly $24.8 billion last year. It is the largest foreign source of income to Mexico. Trump s remittance plan ought to help fund the border wall in no time.Via: GP",0
14142,WOW! NAVY SEAL BLASTS HILLARY: “You Are An Ignorant Liar” [VIDEO],"This is a MUST WATCH!According to American News, Raso began by calling Clinton out for a lie she told an audience  in order to make herself appear as courageous as American soldiers.  Of course, he was referring to the lie Clinton told about dodging enemy fire in Bosnia. I remember landing under sniper fire,  Clinton once said.  There was supposed to be some kind of a greeting ceremony at the airport but instead we just ran with our heads down to get into the vehicle to get to our base. It was a moment of great pride for me. Raso pointed out that video footage proves Clinton was greeted warmly with handshakes that day. She tried to blame her lie on a mistake, calling it a  misstatement. In my 12-year military career, I never heard an excuse like that from my leadership,  Raso told reporters.  It s impossible to even imagine that happening. Only someone completely arrogant, ignorant and disrespectful of what happens in war could say something like that,  he concluded.  Hillary was willing to lie in order to take advantage of that feeling of gratitude and awe Americans have for those who serve.  Via: Conservative Post",0
14143,NEW YORK VOTERS GET IT: Protesters Let It Rip On Hillary! [Video],This is great! Protesters let it rip on Hillary! ,0
14144,LOBBYING FOR VOTES? How Trump Could LEGALLY Fly The 200 Must Have Delegates To Mar-a-Lago For A Luxurious Weekend,"It may be legal to lobby delegates, but will Donald Trump use his luxurious properties to woo delegates leading up to the Republican Convention in July? And if other candidates before him have used the same tactics, should Donald Trump be criticized because his success allows him to offer more 5-star perks?West Virginia looks perfect for Donald Trump: a struggling working-class state filled with the types of voters who have backed him elsewhere and could deliver one of his biggest victories.But a sweep there might not matter. That s because as many as 34 delegates   the entire contingent   may be free to back whomever they want at the Republican National Convention.Much the same is true in Pennsylvania, home to a hotly contested April 26 primary, where there are 54 uncommitted delegates. Other states and territories, from Colorado to Wyoming to Guam, will also send squads of unbound representatives.These are the swing voters of the GOP nominating contest, nearly 200 activists and elected leaders beholden to nothing except their personal judgment and empowered to make or break candidacies.If Trump arrives at the July convention in Cleveland just shy of the 1,237 delegates required to secure the nomination outright, these unbound delegates could decide to push him over the top   or force a contested convention with successive rounds of balloting. It s the wildcatter of delegate selection,  said Ed Brookover, a senior adviser to Trump, who drew an analogy to risk-taking oilmen who drill in unexplored land.The three remaining candidates are identifying these delegates, researching their proclivities and beginning to cajole them. The law surrounding them is so unclear that Trump could conceivably fly them to Florida for a weekend of luxuriating at Mar-a-Lago, his gold-adorned and palm-lined private club   where, naturally, they could be subjected to personal lobbying to support Trump.Brookover did not rule out the Trump campaign entertaining delegates at one of Trump s properties or paying for their travel costs to Cleveland. But he added:  You certainly can t offer anything which would be considered a bribe. We can t give them $100,000. Charlie Black, who is helping lead Ohio Gov. John Kasich s delegate strategy, recalled working on Ronald Reagan s insurgent campaign in 1976 and struggling to court delegates as industriously as then-President Gerald Ford. People got to stay at the White House, fly on Air Force One and meet Queen Elizabeth,  Black said.Federal rules do not provide clear guidance about whether delegates can accept items of value from a campaign, other than reimbursement for their travel expenses. Campaign finance lawyers are divided over whether federal or state anti-bribery statutes would apply to delegates who are not elected officials   and if so, what kinds of perks or inducements could be illegal.For entire story: Washington Post",0
14145,SOCIALISM IN VENEZUELA: Want Bernie For President? Here’s What You’ll Get! [Video],Here s a first-hand look at the crazy state of affairs in Venezuela! ,0
14146,"MY POPE JUST INVITED A RADICAL, Pro-Abortion Socialist Named Bernie To The Vatican…Should Conservative Catholics Be Outraged?","Funny I seem to remember being taught as a young Catholic girl that charity begins at home .Pope Francis invited Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders to the Vatican April 15 just ahead of the April 19 make or break New York primary.Sanders has been invited by the pontiff to a conference hosted by the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences. The conference will be dealing with  social, economic, and environmental issues. Sanders announced the Vatican visit on MSNBC s  Morning Joe.  Sanders made clear he has some differences with the pope but liked that he is  injecting a moral consequence into the economy. Sanders, who is Jewish, is married to Catholic Jane O Meara Sanders. When announcing the news, Sanders said he,  was very moved by the invitation, which just was made public today.  The senator went on to jokingly say that,  you know, people say Bernie Sanders is radical   read what the pope is writing. Via: Daily Caller Meanwhile back in Pope Frances  home country of Argentina, economic crises besiege them with the regularity of earthquakes over a tectonic plate. These crises can be devastating, wiping out family savings, employment and life plans. It seems we re always recovering from or preparing for some sort of economic shock. Sometimes, our survival strategies can even contribute to the subsequent crisis.Last month Argentine voters very narrowly opted for a political sea change, voting out the Peronist faction led by Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner (she and her deceased husband governed the country for the last 12 years) and electing the conservative mayor of Buenos Aires, Mauricio Macri, to replace her.The business-friendly president-elect ran in opposition to a government that has been highly divisive, defined by extensive social spending and statist economic policies that antagonized large business interests and foreign investors. Kirchner leaves office with a high approval rating of about 50 percent, thanks to popular policies such as a per-child conditional cash transfer policy for poor families and a focus on human rights, such as gay marriage. But the economy is stagnant, annual inflation is around 25 percent, and the fiscal deficit could amount to an alarming 6 percent of the country s GDP this year.President-elect Macri has promised to shock the highly regulated economy into market-based reality. One element of his approach will be the elimination of strict currency controls put in place to prevent capital flight. The cost could be a devaluation of up to 60 percent. Economists, like gym gurus, always seem to argue that a bright future can only be attained with short-term pain.The government s official exchange rate allows you to buy a dollar for about 9.6 pesos. But since 2011, access to dollars has been highly limited in an attempt to keep people and companies from taking money out of the country.U.S. dollars, with the enduring value they represent, are the holy financial grail. From small wads stuffed under a mattress to a security box filled with piles of cash, dollars are the gold standard for Argentines. Dollars are perceived as the objective measure of value   to the point where property, perceived to have enduring value of its own, is priced in dollars.Via: Huffington Post",0
14147,“NO COINCIDENCE”: U.S. EXTRADITES ROMANIAN HACKER Of Clinton/Blumenthal E-mails," THE BIG QUESTION WITH THE EXTRADITION OF THE HACKER NAMED GUCCIFER: Will he only be used to demonstrate how easy it was to crack Max Blumethal s private account and thus how negligent Hillary was in handling classified material?WE REPORTED ON THE SMOKING GUN RELEASE OF GUCCIFER S INFO ON CLINTON/BLUMENTHAL EXCHANGES. The e-mails between Clinton and Blumenthal expose what self-centered lunatics they are. Unreal:Testimony from State Department Employee on Clinton s handling of classified information: The extradition of Romanian hacker  Guccifer  to the U.S. at a critical point in the FBI s criminal investigation of Hillary Clinton s email use is  not a coincidence,  according to an intelligence source close to the case.One of the notches on Guccifer s cyber-crime belt was allegedly accessing the email account of Clinton confidant Sidney Blumenthal, one of Clinton s most prolific advice-givers when she was secretary of state. It was through that hack that Clinton s use of a personal account   clintonemail.com   first came to light.Former law enforcement and cyber security experts said the hacker, whose real name is Marcel Lehel Lazar, could   now that he s in the U.S.   help the FBI make the case that Clinton s email server was compromised by a third party, one that did not have the formal backing and resources of a foreign intelligence service such as that of Russia, China or Iran. Because of the proximity to Sidney Blumenthal and the activity involving Hillary s emails, [the timing] seems to be something beyond curious,  said Ron Hosko, former assistant director of the FBI s Criminal Investigative Division from 2012-2014.On Tuesday, Lazar appeared in an Alexandria, Va., federal courtroom for his detention hearing, attended by Fox News. He faces a nine-count federal indictment on computer hacking charges and, according to both Romanian and U.S. officials, is expected to be in the country for 18 months.A spokesman for the FBI s Washington Field Office, which led the Guccifer investigation, had no comment on the extradition, the timing, and any potential intersection with the Clinton email probe.On or about March 31, Lazar was extradited 3,700 miles to Alexandria from a prison in Arad, Romania, where he has been serving a seven-year sentence for hacking crimes committed in his native country. His targets in Romania were prominent government officials and political figures whom he often taunted under the name of Micul Fum or  Little Smoke. Following his 2014 conviction, Lazar was effectively neutralized in prison and no longer a threat, which makes his transfer to the U.S. all the more noteworthy.The 44-year-old entered the Alexandria courtroom wearing a green jumpsuit, with the yellow word  PRISONER  stenciled on the back. Lazar appeared confident and relaxed during the four-minute appearance, telling the court he did not need the translator provided for the hearing.According to the 15-page federal indictment, Lazar  specialized in gaining unauthorized access to the online accounts of high-profile individuals  including Clinton ally Blumenthal, who appears to be identified as  Victim 5   a journalist and former presidential advisor who was the true owner of an AOL account with subaccounts known to the grand jury. The indictment went on to note that using his alias of Guccifer on Blumenthal s account,  Lazar attempted to conceal his identity by accessing the account from a proxy server located in Russia. Read more: FOX News (Catherine Herridge and Pamela Browne)",0
14148,HYSTERICAL! Jimmy Kimmel Reads “WINNERS AREN’T LOSERS” To Donald Trump [VIDEO],This is hysterical!Here s the entire interview:,0
14149,HOLY MUSLIM INDOCTRINATION! Sesame Street Introduces Hijab Wearing Muppet,"Where s The Muppet Dressed As A Nun?Oh wait that would probably be offensive to non-Christians Sesame Street unveiled a fresh face Thursday: a hijab-wearing Afghani Muppet named Zari who will teach kids about  girl empowerment, social and emotional wellbeing. Zari will first appear in season five of Baghch-e-Simsim, which is the Afghan version of Sesame Street.The popular children show s Twitter account was abuzz with Zari content Thursday.Introducing Zari! Our new friend in Afghanistan, joining #BaghcheSimSim for #Season5! She's a very special girl! pic.twitter.com/ggI0qpPR78  Sesame Workshop (@SesameWorkshop) April 7, 2016Via: Breitbart News",0
14150,CHARLES BARKLEY Says Anyone Who Criticizes Obama Is A Racist…Gay Rights More Important Than Religious Freedom In America [VIDEO],"On March 20, 2016 Barkley had this to say about Obama:  Listen, you people in America who are upset that President Obama did a [March Madness NCAA Basketball] bracket   why don t ya ll just go say you don t like him because he s black. He continued,  Cut through all the BS   don t say he take too many vacations   just say,  We don t like him because he s black.'  Via: TMZLess than a month ago, Charles Barkley said anyone who disagrees with Obama does so because they are discriminating against him because he is black. And now, according to the all-knowing former NBA star, anyone who believes the religious rights of business owners should be protected is discriminating against gays. What about white Christians Charles? Are they entitled to any protections, or do you have to fall into some sort of minority category in order to have any rights or protections in the new progressive America? Charles Barkley wants to move All-Star game due to 'Anti-LGBT' lawhttps://t.co/P0hK7FpJFo  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) April 8, 2016Retired professional basketball player and NBA analyst Charles Barkley has been bringing politics into this year s March Madness tournament left and right.His latest comments center around Indiana s Religious Freedom Act, the left s latest punching bag. Discrimination in any form is unacceptable to me,  Barkley said Friday in a statement released through his agent to USA Today.  As long as anti-gay legislation exists in any state, I strongly believe big events such as the Final Four and Super Bowl should not be held in those states  cities. The Religous Freedom Act prevents Indiana state and local governments from  substantially burdening a person s ability to exercise their religion   unless the government can show that it has a compelling interest and that the action is the least-restrictive means of achieving it,  according to the Indianapolis Star.The legislation, which will take effect July 1, makes no specific mention of sexual orientation, but it was quickly dubbed  anti-gay  by opponents.Barkley also turned the popular basketball tournament political when he made comments about President Obama s March Madness bracket. He said that people were criticizing Obama for filling out a bracket because  he s black.  Via: Red Alert Politics ",0
14151,WATCH: NJ MAN MAY FACE JAIL For Flying Donald Trump Flag In Front Of His Home,"This is just one more fine example of why we can t allow a radical like Hillary or Bernie to choose our next Supreme Court Justices. Our rights are being threatened more and more every day. America s freedom has never been more at risk than it is today A New Jersey man who s been flying Donald Trump s campaign flag in front of his home since February could face up to a $2,000 fine or jail time when he faces a judge in the case.Joe Hornick has been flying Trump s  Make America Great Again  flag outside his West Long Branch home on a busy corner near the Monmouth University campus for months.But he got a ticket recently citing him for illegally posting political signage more than 30 days before an election. The New Jersey presidential primary isn t until June 7.  I m not a football fan, I m not a sports fan, but I m surely a Donald Trump fan,  he told NBC 4 New York.",0
14152,TRUMP IS RIGHT: How Immigrants Sent A Staggering Amount Of American Money Back Home,"No matter which candidate you support, you have to admit that once again Trump has brought up a topic that needs to be discussed. BILLIONS of dollars are sent back to home countries from America. Think of how much we lose when $120 billion dollars leaves America! What if we tell Mexico we will stop this flow of money until they pay to build a wall at the border? The estimate for the wall is $25 billion which is nothing compared to the $120 billion that leaves America every year. While we re bleeding money out, the only amount coming into America is $5.1 billion Yes, $120 billion out, $5.1 billion in.Migrants working in the United States sent a staggering $120 billion back to their families last year, it was revealed today. The amount of money being sent by migrants across the entire world reached $530 billion last year, making it a larger economy than Iran or Argentina, the data from the World Bank showed. This worldwide figure has tripled in the last ten years and is now three times bigger than the total aid budgets given by countries around the world. It has sparked debate whether this so-called remittance money could be a viable alternative to relying on help from other governments. In the United States last year, more than $120 billion was sent by workers to families abroad   making it the largest sender of remittances in the world. More than $23 billion went to Mexico, $13.45 billion to China, $10.84 billion to India and $10 billion to the Philippines, among other recipients.In 2011, the World Bank estimated that U.S. remittances alone reached $110.8 billion, which was more than 80 per cent of the size of the total amount of cash flow ($132 billion). It is little surprise as the US is home to the largest number of migrants from developing countries; there are 42.8 million immigrants in the country, making up around 14 per cent of the population.By contrast, 2.4 million Americans live oversees, with largest populations in Mexico, Canada and Puerto Rico, and just $5.1 billion sent back in to the country, data shared on The Guardian showed. The data showed that the biggest beneficiaries included India and China, which each received more than $60 billion, followed by the Philippines ($24 billion), Mexico ($24 billion) and Nigeria ($21 billion). World Bank officials believe the amount they donate could be billions more because not all cash is sent through banks and money transfer companies on which the figures are based.Read more: Daily Mail",0
14153,UH OH! BILL CLINTON Unloads On Obama! [Video]," Unlike when I was president, a lot of things are coming apart around the world now.    Bill ClintonIt seems like the chummy feelings between the Clintons and Obama are on the rocks. In the past couple of weeks Chelsea Clinton pulled out a couple zingers to jab Obama. Today, Bill clinton jumped into the mix with some brutal criticisms of the Obama years:Former President Bill Clinton unloaded on the Obama administration and Black Lives Matter protesters during a campaign event Thursday for his wife in Pennsylvania.Clinton took a veiled jab at Obama s handling of world affairs, saying,  Unlike when I was president, a lot of things are coming apart around the world now. We like to just think about our economic issues, but you have to worry about a collapse in Europe dragging back the American economy. You have to worry about the largest number of refugees since World War II. And all this stuff comes home.  Clinton told listeners at Spokane Falls Community College that if they believed the U.S. had  finally come to the point where we could put the awful legacy of the last eight years behind us and the seven years before that where we were practicing trickle-down economics and no regulation in Washington, then you should vote for [Hillary].  Read more: wnd",0
14154,NEW YORK GOV CUOMO Thinks He’s The Boss of You: Bans Travel To Mississippi!,"NY Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) thinks he s the boss of you! He banned all non-essential travel to Mississippi after the state passed a religious liberty bill that he called a  hateful injustice against the LGBT community.  Can you believe this guy?  The bill, known as House Bill 1523 or the  Protecting Freedom of Conscience from Government Discrimination Act,  was signed into law by Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant (R) Tuesday and will go into effect July 1.The legislation guards against the discrimination of individuals, religious organizations and certain businesses who have  sincerely held religious beliefs or moral convictions  that marriage  should be recognized as the union of one man and one woman. Under the law, religious leaders can decline to  solemnize any marriage  or provide wedding-related services based on religious or moral objections. In addition, Mississippians can decided  whether or not to hire, terminate or discipline an individual whose conduct or religious beliefs are inconsistent  with their own ideals.After the passage of the new law, Cuomo issued an order Tuesday that  requires all New York State agencies, departments, boards and commissions to immediately review all requests for state funded or state sponsored travel  to Mississippi.Last month, Cuomo did the same thing for travel to North Carolina.Read more: The Blaze ",0
14155,BILL CLINTON GETS HAMMERED By Protesters In Philly But His Angry Response Won’t Win Them Over [Video],"Bill Clinton was in Philly today and got swamped by protesters holding signs about Black Lives Matter or Benghazi. It was ugly but what was even worse is Bill decided to give the BLM protesters a dose of truth. That didn t go over too well and probably didn t win Hillary any votes. It was a squirm-worthy moment in politics  One sign read:  HILLARY IS A MURDERER  Clinton got in a heated argument with Black Lives Matter protesters as he was campaigning for his wife Hillary Clinton in Philadelphia, battling the protesters over his passage of criminal justice reform.Clinton tried to address the protesters, but they continued to yell over his answer.  Here s the thing, I like protesters. But the ones who won t let you answer are afraid of the truth,  he told the crowd to applause.The former president noted that Hillary had nothing to do with his reforms, but defended them anyways.  Because of that bill, we had a 25-year low in crime, a 33-year low in the murder rate, and listen to this, because of that and the background check law, a 46-year low in the deaths of people of gun violence. And how do you think those lives were, that mattered? Whose lives were saved, that mattered? One of the protesters yelled that Bill should be charged with crimes against humanity.  Ohohohoho!  Clinton responded. I don t know how you would characterize the gang leaders who got 13-year-old kids hopped up on crack and sent them out on the street to murder other African-American children,  a now visibly angry Clinton shot back.  Maybe you thought they were good citizens  You are defending the people who kill the people whose lives you say matter! Clinton continued to call out the protesters for talking over his answers.  They re afraid of the truth,  he told the crowd.  They re afraid of the truth. Bill Clinton getting protested hard in Philly over the crime & welfare bills.This is going to get its own headlines pic.twitter.com/JMyiTWuJm3  Andrew Jerell Jones (@sluggahjells) April 7, 2016VIA: MEDIATE",0
14156,WOW! PRINCETON PROFESSOR DEMONSTRATES How Easily Voter Fraud Is Committed On Electronic Voter Machines [VIDEO],A Princeton professor gives viewers of FOX News a shocking demonstration that proves how easily voter fraud is committed with electronic voter machines.Watch here:,0
14157,WHY IS THE MEDIA SILENT As Hillary Cackles About Her Key Role In Muslim Invasion Of Europe? [VIDEO],"Whenever Hillary cackles, you can be pretty sure she s either hiding something or she s deflecting from a topic she refuses to address. The trail of destruction she left behind in Libya while acting as our incompetent Sec. of State, including the deaths of four brave Americans in Benghazi, should be enough to disqualify her for a janitorial position at the Pentagon. Yet today, we find our corrupt media pushing for Hillary to become our next President of the United States. The undeniable connection between Hillary s incompetence in Libya and the current Muslim migrant crisis is explained below. You probably know that the European Union has clamped down finally on the arrivals of migrants in Greece (from Turkey) with their latest scheme to return those who have no legitimate claim to asylum back to Turkey.So it is no surprise that smugglers are finding a new (old!) route. It is not really new because ever since the Obama Administration launched its foolish attack on Libya (with its equally foolish European partners), Libya has been a launch pad for invasion, albeit the flow from there slowed during the winter months as the invasion of Europe by mostly Muslim migrants was directed at the Turkey/Greece route.And, in this hot US Election 2016 season why is there no mention of the fact that Hillary (and her girls) are to blame for the hellhole Libya has become?At least strongman Libyan leader Col.Muammar Gaddafi was able to keep the invasion of Europe from launching from Libya! Now it is a crime-ridden hellhole where smugglers ply their trade with impunity.Here is Hillary cackling about the death of Col. Mummer Gaddafi:https://youtu.be/yn6yktWU5qAHere is what UKIP s Nigel Farage said last year:Libya was actively working with Italy to prevent illegal aliens from trying to cross the Mediterranean on boats. Then the US and Britain armed and provided air support to Sunni Jihadists to topple Gaddafi. Now, people from all over Africa are packing into small boats and trying to illegally enter Europe.USA Today tells us how the Turkey to Greece smugglers are turning their attention again to Libya.  Refugees  will not sit idle in Turkey they say:Abu Hassan, the administrator of a Facebook page dedicated to smuggling, said that s already happening.  People are now traveling from Turkey to Libya by air and then to Italy by sea in a more expensive and more dangerous journey,  he said.Of course the government of Turkey is complicit too, surely they must know that  refugees  are hopping planes to Libya in increasing numbers!Every photo of invaders of Europe from Libya should be juxtaposed with this video of Hillary cackling after her plans killed Gadaffi! (Watch Huma hand her a phone in front of the cameras).Via: Refugee Resettlement Watch",0
14158,MICHELLE OBAMA To Host “Iranian Festival” At White House,"The Obama s have not yet revealed if they ll be invited to celebrate  Death To America  Day in Iran Once again, the Obama White House will embrace and celebrate the Iranian holiday of Nowruz -the single most important holiday for Iran, signifying the Iranian New Year. So our First Lady is celebrating the New Year of a country that commits atrocities like killing gays and treating women like sub-human species. Sure! Let s celebrate horrific place and its customs Valeria Jarrett must be so happy!",0
14159,"OBAMA’S EPA GESTAPO TO SKIP Hearing On CO Mine, Toxic Sludge Disaster…Will Attend UN CLIMATE CHANGE Meeting With Obama Instead","Priorities priorities Arizona Sen. John McCain wants a subpoena issued immediately for the head of the Environmental Protection Agency to attend a hearing in his home state on the Colorado mine disaster the agency caused last year.The August disaster caused an uncontrolled rupture of an abandoned gold mine that caused 3 million gallons of toxic sludge to spill into the Animas River, which sullied the waterways of three states. It s my understanding that the EPA has decided not to send a representative to this field hearing,  the Arizona Republican said Wednesday, requesting that the chairman of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee issue a subpoena.  EPA s response is unacceptable. It s a violation of our obligation to protect the interests of Native Americans and their tribes and EPA must be present at this hearing. I respectfully request that the committee issue a subpoena for EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy to appear at the field hearing. The hearing will be held on Earth Day, April 22, which is a big day for the EPA. McCarthy is expected to be part of President Obama s delegation to New York for a climate change meeting at the United Nations. Obama plans to sign a deal he agreed to in Paris to cut greenhouse gas emissions with nearly 200 other countries to fight global warming.The field hearing will be held in Phoenix at the request of American Indian tribes affected by the toxic spill that crossed through Navajo land.The EPA said it would send testimony from a high-ranking agency official in lieu of an actual official attending.Via: Washington Examiner ",0
14160,#AnyoneButHillary: NEW POLL Shows Bernie Supporters WON’T Vote For Hillary…Who They’ll Vote For If Hillary’s The Nominee May Surprise You,"Hillary may find out she needs more than black women drag her lying criminal ass over the finish line Actress and Bernie Sanders supporter Susan Sarandon recently received shock and criticism for suggesting she may not vote for Hillary Clinton in the general election. She s not alone. According to a recent McClatchy-Marist Poll conducted on March 29-31, 25 percent of Sanders supporters would not support her, while 69 percent would. Sanders voters are even more committed to him   and perhaps against Clinton,  McClatchy DC suggested that after Sanders s Tuesday win in Wisconsin.While voters under 45 are among the most likely to eventually support Hillary, they could play a role in her possibly losing to the Republican nominee. Even if they don t vote for a Republican, staying home could cause Hillary to come up short.Lee Miringoff, director of the Marist Institute for Public Opinion, called the possibility  potentially worrisome  for Hillary.  Age seems to be the most significant factor,  he noted.Professor Carlos L. Yordan of Drew University made a similar point recently, noting the particular importance of young people in swing states. Hillary might also risk a loss if she faces off against Ted Cruz in November, as a recent Fox News poll found he s preferred by millennials.Via: Red Alert Politics ",0
14161,SARAH PALIN ASKS AZEALIA BANKS To Join Her To Fight Racism After Rapper Says Palin Should Be “Gang Raped”…Azealia’s Response Is Pure Hatred," Trump and Palin etc, represent the contempt that whitey shares for this intangible, uncontrollable new black mind that s been steeping for a while now. Azealia Banks penned another expletive-filled note Wednesday attacking Sarah Palin,  crackers,  and  whitey  just hours after the former Alaska governor vowed to sue the rapper for an earlier graphic outburst against her. Despite their best efforts to conceal the contempt and envy that the cracker has for Blacks and other people of color  they just can t hide it and it s seeping from the seams of their being,  Banks wrote in a Tumblr post Wednesday (emphasis hers).On Monday, the 24-year-old rapper issued a series of since-deleted tweets that suggested Palin should be gang-raped and forced to perform oral sex on a group of black men, and that the incident should be filmed and uploaded to the website WorldStarHipHop. Sarah Palin needs to have her hair shaved off to a buzz cut, get headf ked by a big veiny, ashy, black d k then be locked in a cupboard,  Banks wrote in a tweet that was later deleted but screen-shotted by Media Research Center. Honestly  Let s find the biggest burliest blackest n es and let them run a train on her. Film it and put it on worldstar,  she wrote in another since-deleted message.On Tuesday, Palin vowed to sue the rapper over the comments, telling People magazine that Banks  engages in a form of racism and hate that is celebrated by some in the perverted arm of pop culture, but is condemned by those who know it s tearing our country apart. On your behalf, I think this time I don t just sit back and swallow it, but put the fear of God in her by holding her accountable,  Palin said.  As many of you have for years implored me to do, I m finally going to sue. But the threat of a lawsuit has seemingly not deterred Banks, who wrote Wednesday that white people are  running out of mental mind-f*ck tricks. Banks wrote (emphasis hers): i m 100% positive that the police killings, cultural appropriation, Trump and Palin etc. represent the contempt that whitey shares for this intangible, uncontrollable new black mind that s been steeping for a while now. The mind born of very intelligent and real conversations/confrontations around American Racism. And the detachment of the Black mind from the mirage of a subpar existence and self-perceptions that crackers created for us long ago. They feel exposed and out of control for once. And our big black ideas and expression are threatening to further expose them, so they ll try to trivialize and minimize our blackness by stereotyping us. Blackness is frustrating crackers nowadays because it s threatening their sense of security and being,  she added.  We longer care about what they think, so it s hard to control us. F*ck whitey,  the rapper concluded the post.The note came after Banks continued to tweet about her spat with Palin late Tuesday into Wednesday morning, with the rapper suggesting that the former GOP vice presidential nominee was performing sexual favors for current GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump:Banks and Palin exchanged open letters on Tuesday, with Palin calling for the rapper to join her to  work together on something worthwhile   like condemning racism, along with empowering young women to defend themselves against a most misogynist, degrading, devastating assault perpetrated by evil men   rape. Banks apologized to Palin in her own letter, opening by apologizing  for any emotional distress or reputational scarring I may have caused you. In my honest defense, i was completely kidding,  the Harlem-born Slay-Z rapper wrote.  I happen to have a really crass, New-York-City sense of humor, and regularly make silly jokes in attempts make light of situations which make me uncomfortable. As the fabric of the American Nation is EMBEDDED with racism, I merely made a raCIALly driven joke to counter what i believed to be real, raCIST rhetoric [sic]. Via: Breitbart News",0
14162,"WHEN HUMA MET HILLARY: “Oh my God, she’s so beautiful and she’s so little!”","Apparently Hillary s secret emails may contain information about a special relationship between Huma and Hillary. Clinton insiders continue to come forward with allegations of Hillary s affairs with women during her marriage to Bill. Why is it be a big deal for any of the men running for President to have an affair, but a non-issue when it comes to Hillary? Why does Hillary get a pass on her alleged affair/s? The top aide to Hillary Clinton says meeting Clinton was  amazing,  and that she remembers thinking about the now-Democrat presidential candidate,  Oh my God, she s so beautiful and she s so little! You know these things that happen in your life that just stick?  Huma Abedin said in a Call Your Girlfriend podcast interview.  She walked by and she shook my hand and our eyes connected and I just remember having this moment where I thought,  Wow. Call Your Girlfriend describes itself as a  podcast for long-distance besties everywhere.  The podcast is hosted by Ann Friedman, a freelance journalist and New York magazine columnist, and Aminatou Sow, a digital strategist who was named one of Forbes  30 under 30 in tech fields. The hosts said Abedin   the vice chair of Clinton s presidential campaign   was among the top 10 people they were hoping to interview for their podcast. You re a big deal to young ladies,  Sow complimented Abedin at the start of the interview.Abedin said she prefers to have a role that is  behind the scenes. I really work as  part of a village,  as my boss coined the phrase,  she added.  It does take a village to support Hillary Clinton. I am part of that village. Asked about the first time she met Clinton, Abedin said in the fall of 1996   when she was 21   she was working in the former First Lady s office as an intern for her then-chief-of-staff Melanne Verveer. Clinton, she said, was  very good about meeting all the interns in her office. But Abedin said it was in Little Rock after Bill Clinton was re-elected president that Hillary Clinton  shook my hand and our eyes connected and I just remember having this moment where I thought wow, this is amazing. And I just it just inspired me. You know, I still remember the look on her face,  she continued.  And it s funny, and she would probably be so annoyed that I say this, but I remember thinking,  Oh my God, she s so beautiful and she s so little!  Via: Breitbart News ",0
14163,COPS KILLED BY GUNS UP 150%…HILLARY PANDERS To Black Voters: “We Have To Retrain Our Police Officers”,"The number of law enforcement officials killed by gunfire is up 150% this year. In an effort to pander for the black vote, Hillary says she would like our police officers to be  retrained.  She ignores the fact that so many families of law enforcement officers have lost a father or mother, husband or wife to criminals. Hillary would like to instead, ensure the gangbangers who are likely using guns they obtained illegally are protected from our law enforcement. Hillary Clinton spent her Sunday in New York campaigning in front of black congregations during which she continued to reiterate her support for retraining police officers.Clinton has made  police reform  a recurring theme in her bid for the Democratic nomination. She was endorsed Sunday by Nicole Bell, wife of Sean Bell, a man who was killed by the NYPD in 2005. No officers were found guilty of any wrongdoing in the incident. Today, I was endorsed by this beautiful young woman, Nicole Bell, whose fianc  was killed by the police right before she was to be married. When I was a Senator, I tried to help. I tried to stand up about what had happened,  the former secretary of state said at the Brown Memorial Baptist Church in Clinton Hill, NY.Clinton added,  today she wrote an editorial in The Daily News endorsing me and she said we have three common goals, she and I together, we have to end the epidemic of gun violence. Bell didn t write an op-ed Sunday, but in an interview with The New York Daily News she said,  [Hillary s] against racial profiling. And she wants to make investments to improve training for police officers. Those issues hit home for me and my family. Hillary repeated these comments almost verbatim at her church visit saying,  We have to end racial profiling and we have to retrain our police officers so they can do a job that doesn t require reaching for their gun when it is absolutely unnecessary. HERE S THE LIST OF Police Officers Killed By Gunfire in 2016 (so far):Police Officer Thomas W. Cottrell, Jr.  Danville Police Department, OH  EOW: Sunday, January 17, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireUnified Police Department of Greater Salt Lake, Utah  Police Officer Douglas Scott Barney, II.  Unified Police Department of Greater Salt Lake, UT  EOW: Sunday, January 17, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireSeaside Police Department, Oregon  Sergeant Jason Goodding  Seaside Police Department, OR  EOW: Friday, February 5, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireMesa County Sheriff s Office, Colorado  Deputy Sheriff Derek Geer  Mesa County Sheriff s Office, CO  EOW: Wednesday, February 10, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireHarford County Sheriff s Office, Maryland  Senior Deputy Mark Logsdon  Harford County Sheriff s Office, MD  EOW: Wednesday, February 10, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireHarford County Sheriff s Office, Maryland  Senior Deputy Patrick Dailey  Harford County Sheriff s Office, MD  EOW: Wednesday, February 10, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireRiverdale Police Department, Georgia  Major Gregory E. Barney  Riverdale Police Department, GA  EOW: Thursday, February 11, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireFargo Police Department, North Dakota  Police Officer Jason Moszer  Fargo Police Department, ND  EOW: Thursday, February 11, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireMississippi Department of Public Safety   Bureau of Narcotics, Mississippi  Special Agent Lee Tartt  Mississippi Department of Public Safety   Bureau of Narcotics, MS  EOW: Saturday, February 20, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfirePark County Sheriff s Office, Colorado  Corporal Nate Carrigan  Park County Sheriff s Office, CO  EOW: Wednesday, February 24, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfirePrince William County Police Department, Virginia  Officer Ashley Marie Guindon  Prince William County Police Department, VA  EOW: Saturday, February 27, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireEuless Police Department, Texas  Police Officer David Stefan Hofer  Euless Police Department, TX  EOW: Tuesday, March 1, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfirePrince George s County Police Department, Maryland  Police Officer I Jacai D. Colson  Prince George s County Police Department, MD  EOW: Sunday, March 13, 2016  Cause of Death: Gunfire (Accidental)Greenville Police Department, South Carolina  Police Officer III Allen Lee Jacobs  Greenville Police Department, SC  EOW: Friday, March 18, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireHoward County Sheriff s Office, Indiana  Deputy Sheriff Carl A. Koontz  Howard County Sheriff s Office, IN  EOW: Sunday, March 20, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireVirginia State Police, VirginiaTrooper Chad Phillip Dermyer  Virginia State Police, VA  EOW: Thursday, March 31, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireCanton Police Department, Ohio  K9 Jethro  Canton Police Department, OH  EOW: Sunday, January 10, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireNorfolk Police Department, Virginia  K9 Krijger  Norfolk Police Department, VA  EOW: Monday, January 11, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireSmith County Constable s Office   Precinct 5, Texas  K9 Ogar  Smith County Constable s Office   Precinct 5, TX  EOW: Tuesday, January 19, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireOmaha Police Department, Nebraska  K9 Kobus  Omaha Police Department, NE  EOW: Saturday, January 23, 2016  Cause of Death: GunfireLas Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, NevadaK9 Nicky Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, NV  EOW: Thursday, March 31, 2016  Cause of Death: Gunfire (Accidental)Regarding racial profiling, her website says she d support  legislation to end racial profiling.  There are no details as to what that legislation would include. She has in the past supported former attorney general Eric Holder s police reform efforts.Via: Daily Caller ",0
14164,GAP APOLOGIZES For “Offensive Image” After Blacktivists Use Social Media To Attack Ad…But Here’s DIRTY SECRET Race Agitators Aren’t Sharing,"This social media campaign against the GAP is a great example of how the Black Lives agitators are using resources like Twitter to intimidate and threaten individuals, colleges and even large corporations like GAP. You can t blame these blacktivists for using  white guilt  as a weapon to game the system, as a means to gain an advantage over everyone else (Hispanics and Asians included). The real question is, when is someone going to be brave enough to stand up and say  enough of this manufactured hate! The ad for Gap s latest collaboration with Ellen DeGeneres is awash with pleasing blue hues, from the kid models  navy outfits to the talk show host s denim jacket.But the shades that really caught people s attention were on the children s skin. The commercial s stars were three white girls and a black girl.https://youtu.be/gdxXBqdfWMEThat, in itself, wasn t a problem. In the days following the campaign s launch last week, what drew ire from commentators online was the seeming passivity of the African American girl. While the other girls eagerly fielded DeGeneres s questions about their troupe  Le Petite Cirque,  she sat silent. While the white girls were highlighted performing solo acrobatic tricks, she seemed to appear only in reference to the others   balancing on someone s knees or with her arm wrapped around someone s waist.At least, this was the interpretation of those who were angered by the ad. And they were angered, most of all, by a photograph that showed the white girls standing in all manner of complex poses while the black girl s arms dangled idly at her sides, her head a cushion upon which another white girl rested an elbow.This imagery sparked the usual chain of reactions online. Those who were offended minced no words in expressing their outrage, and they were promptly reprimanded by those who thought they were overreacting.So @Gap decides to use the only Black girl in this campaign as a prop ..we see you! pic.twitter.com/widB8Axk5U    ArtsySneakerGirl (@BamaIntrovert) April 3, 2016That ad certainly isn't suggesting that *black* girls ""can do anything,"" @GapKids. It's incredibly distasteful to your black consumer base.  stacia l. brown (@slb79) April 3, 2016Many critics zeroed in on the caption Gap had used to introduce the campaign:  Meet the kids who are proving that girls can do anything. The Root s Kirsten West Savali articulated the essence of the distress:  While all of the girls are adorable, and indeed, all of them should grow up to be and do anything, it becomes problematic when the black child is positioned to be a white child s prop. What race agitators at  The Root  neglected to mention is that the white girl and the black girl whose head her arm resting upon are actually SISTERS! @TheRoot girl with arm resting on her shoulder is her sister She didn't talk in video because she was 2 shy. everyone needs to calm down.  Brooke Smith (@Iam_BrookeSmith) April 3, 2016They also neglected to post the photo from the GAP s ad campaign from last year:The company apologized Tuesday. As a brand with a proud 46 year history of championing diversity and inclusivity, we appreciate the conversation that has taken place and are sorry to anyone we ve offended,  Gap spokeswoman Debbie Felix said in a statement to Fortune.The offensive image will be removed, but the campaign will move forward, the company said. Via: Washington Post ",0
14165,WITCH HUNT: COMMUNIST CALIFORNIA Raids Home Of Man Behind Planned Parenthood Baby Parts Videos,"Make no mistake about it, we are seeing tactics used by communist countries to shut down views that are contrary to those in positions of power in our government.  SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP)   An anti-abortion activist who made undercover videos at Planned Parenthood clinics said in a social media posting that California Department of Justice agents raided his homeTuesday.Agents seized all video footage from his apartment, along with his personal information, David Daleiden said in a Facebook post. Daleiden, the founder of a group called the Center for Medical Progress, said agents left behind documents that he contends implicate Planned Parenthood in illegal behavior related to the handling of fetal tissue.Center for Medical Progress spokesman Peter Robbio confirmed the social media posting is authentic, but he declined further comment. He said Daleiden lives in Orange County.Rachele Huennekens, a spokeswoman for state Attorney General Kamala Harris, said in an email that she can t comment on any ongoing investigation.Harris said in July that she planned to review the undercover videos to see if center violated any state charity registration or reporting requirements. She said that could include whether Daleiden and a colleague impersonated representatives of a fake biomedical company or filmed the videos without Planned Parenthood s consent.Harris, a Democrat, is running for the U.S. Senate. Daleiden suggested in the social media posting that the raid was politically motivated because Harris has accepted campaign contributions from Planned Parenthood.Ms. Harris s support for Planned Parenthood is no secret: On Wednesday, she criticized an amendment to the federal highway bill submitted by Sen. Rand Paul, Kentucky Republican, to defund Planned Parenthood, which receives roughly $500 million annually in federal grants and reimbursements. The notion that some in DC want to hold CA highway funding hostage in order to defund Planned Parenthood is deeply troubling,  said Ms. Harris on Twitter, as cited on the conservative website Twitchy.In a second email, Ms. Harris said,  @PPFA serves more than 2 mil women a year, providing critical health care like cancer screenings, preventative care and birth control. That this cynical attempt to block women s access to health care is even being considered is yet another example of DC s dysfunction,  Ms. Harris concluded.  Washington TimesHer investigation prompted critics on social media to accuse her of  shooting the messenger  rather than attempting to determine whether Planned Parenthood has violated California law.Daleiden faces related charges in Texas. One of his Texas attorneys, Terry Yates, did not return telephone and email messages Tuesday.Texas authorities initially began a grand jury investigation of Planned Parenthood after the undercover videos were released in August.But the grand jury cleared Planned Parenthood of misusing fetal tissue and indicted Daleiden and a colleague, Sandra Merritt, in January on charges including using fake driver s licenses to get into a Houston clinic.Daleiden previously said his group followed the law in making the videos. His post Tuesday called the raid an  attack on citizen journalism  and said he will  pursue all remedies to vindicate our First Amendment rights.  Via: Sacramento CBS",0
14166,"BREAKING: CRUZ WINS BIG IN WISCONSIN…But Can He Get 1,237 Delegates?","The big question is whether or not Cruz can get the necessary 1,237 delegates?Senator Ted Cruz soundly defeated Donald J. Trump in the Wisconsin primary on Tuesday, breathing new life into efforts to halt Mr. Trump s divisive presidential candidacy and dealing a blow to his chances of clinching the Republican nomination before the party s summer convention.On the Democratic side, Senator Bernie Sanders defeated Hillary Clinton in a much closer contest.Mr. Trump s loss was his most significant setback since Mr. Cruz narrowly defeated him in Iowa, the campaign s first nominating contest. And after largely dominating the Republican field from the moment he announced his candidacy last June, Mr. Trump now faces a fresh challenge: bouncing back in the face of searing attack ads by Republicans bent on stopping him, persistent questions about his demeanor and campaign organization, and a single ascendant challenger in Mr. Cruz.In winning Wisconsin so convincingly, Mr. Cruz, of Texas, showed he was capable of appealing to more than just the hard-line and religious conservative Republicans who have been the foundation of his campaign. But he faces daunting tasks of his own. One is consolidating the anti-Trump vote. Another is capturing more moderate Republicans in a series of primaries in Northeastern states that are likely to be favorable territory for Mr. Trump, beginning with New York on April 19.Standing in Mr. Cruz s way is Gov. John Kasich of Ohio, who finished a distant third on Tuesday despite spending considerable time in Wisconsin.While Mr. Trump won among moderates, exit polls showed, Mr. Cruz and Mr. Kasich received roughly equal support among those voters in Wisconsin. Mr. Cruz not only took nearly two-thirds of  very conservative  voters, he also won among voters who called themselves only  somewhat conservative. Notably, Mr. Cruz also won among those who did not call themselves born-again Christians   a group with which he has struggled in earlier contests.Most striking, though, was how many Wisconsin primary voters still harbored deep discomfort with Mr. Trump despite his wide lead in the race for delegates. In exit polls, 55 percent said they would be  concerned  or  scared  if he were elected, higher than the other two Republican hopefuls. And 35 percent of those who voted in the Republican primary said they would support Hillary Clinton, a third-party candidate or no one at all if Mr. Trump were the Republican nominee.Mr. Cruz s strong showing will make it more difficult for Mr. Trump to wrap up the 1,237 delegates needed for the GOP nomination before the primary season ends on June 7, when California allocates the largest number of delegates.Next up on the GOP calendar is the April 19 primary in New York, Mr. Trump s home state, where polls show him enjoying a commanding lead of more than 30 percentage points over Mr. Cruz, who in some surveys runs behind Mr. Kasich.New York awards 95 delegates, most of which are allotted proportionately by congressional district. Mr. Trump travels to Long Island on Wednesday to kick off his campaign. Trump has more support than anyone else in New York and always had,  said state assemblyman Bill Nojay of Pittsford, in north-central New York.  If the vote was held today, we expect he would win every single congressional district. A week later, a swath of other East Coast states vote Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island. Mr. Cruz s best hope is in states farther ahead in the calendar Indiana on May 3 and Nebraska on May 10.Wisconsin with its GOP electorate dominated by the kind of working-class, white voters who have been drawn to Mr. Trump elsewhere was long seen as fertile ground for the New York businessman. But it turned into a hotbed of anti-Trump sentiment. Via: WSJTuesday s stakes were the greatest for the Republicans since March 15, when five large states cast ballots and Mr. Trump s victory in Florida drove Senator Marco Rubio out of the race.Many Republicans hoping to defeat Mr. Trump saw Wisconsin as perhaps their last chance to thwart his march to the nomination. With no other Republican contests in the two weeks before or after, Wisconsin made for an isolated showdown.For Mr. Trump, it was an opportunity to add to his wide delegate lead and score an important psychological victory just as the race turns to his native Northeast. A win in Wisconsin, the sort of Democratic-leaning Midwestern state he has vowed to carry in November, would restore his momentum and undercut those most resistant to his candidacy. Via: NYT s ",0
14167,IS MEGYN KELLY Planning To Leave FOX News? [VIDEO],"Did Donald Trump convince Megyn Kelly s loyal fan base that she really isn t so  fair and balanced  after all, or is she just getting worn down by dirty politics?Many news personalities are already worn out covering this year s election, but Kelly has become part of the story. She s survived sustained attacks from Trump by buckling down and focusing on her job, and her primetime show  The Kelly File  has never done better, averaging 2.5 million nightly viewers. In a one-hour conversation, Kelly spoke to Variety for this week s Power of Women issue about Trump, wanting to interview Hillary Clinton and whether she ll remain at Fox News after her contract expires next year.Do you think there s a double standard in the news business when it comes to women? Let me put it to you this way. One of the biggest lessons I ve learned in the past 10 months is we have a long way to go. We as women in the country where we are, how we think of ourselves, what we re willing to accept we have a ton of work to do.Do you think Trump s attacks on you are different because you re a woman? I think the language is very different when he fights with women.Has it been hard for you? It has not been enjoyable. I wish it hadn t happened. I hope it will stop   his focus on me. If he s determined not to stop, there s nothing I can do. I don t like being the story. I think it raises real First Amendment issues. I ve seen what s happened with Michelle Fields [the former Breitbart News reporter allegedly grabbed by Trump s campaign manager] and in my own world, there s another side to this behavior. It poses real risks to the person under attack.What did you think when you read his tweet that you owe him part of your salary? I laughed.Isn t it sexist? I ll leave that to someone else to label. I ll say this. I earn every dime of my salary. I won t be giving it to anyone other than my three children.  The Kelly File  was the No. 1 show [in cable] in the time slot and No. 2 in all of cable news from the time I launched it. Trump called for people to boycott the show repeatedly. The numbers went up. When he realized the boycott had failed, he decided to take credit for the show s success.Has this made it harder to cover him? I don t want to be reporting the news in a way that s fearful, or a way that seeks to curry favor or prove something. It is difficult, because Trump generates a lot of controversy, often intentionally. So you have to cover that as a reporter. I ll channel surf. I ll look at CNN, or I ll look at my pals Bill [Hemmer] and Martha [MacCallum], who are co-hosting my old show. We re the same. I give him no more coverage than the other journalists give him.You asked a series of pointed questions about the lawsuit against Trump University at the last debate you moderated. Why do you think it took the media so long to report about that? I think the media believed that Trump wasn t a serious contender for a long time until it became obvious they were wrong. There is a lot to fact check Trump on that poses challenges. Reporters only have so much time and energy for one particular subject, and I also think with Trump, he s a master strategist at distracting you. If he says something for which he s gotten into real trouble, he ll say something else and the media is quick to run to the next shiny thing.He also doesn t always answer the question he s being asked. It s hard. You have to really stay on it. You need a situation where you pick one topic and you go 10 questions deep I do that on my show. That s how you d have to handle Trump. Listen, it s been a long time since I ve interviewed him.Do you think you ll interview him again? To be honest, every time I prepare an invitation to sit down with him, he attacks me on Twitter or elsewhere. I had always been hoping I could reach out to him at a time when he wasn t angry. I don t think it would be a good interview if he was angry at me but then he never stops with the attacks. I was just about to ask him to sit down with me two weeks ago, but then he started up again out of the blue.After he gave the response about the size of his hands, it was remarkable how you kept a poker face. You know, I haven t seen the debates. I haven t seen the reaction shot. There was definitely a moment where Bret [Baier] and I looked to each other and laughed. Did that just happen?Did you still use Twitter? I barely go on Twitter anymore. I go on for the news. I don t go to the mentions. Whenever I go to the mentions, I m sorry I did.Have you felt supported by Fox News? I have. Fox News has been in a tough position. They care about me and they are not afraid of a fight, but we re in unchartered territory.Have you had many conversations about this with your boss Roger Ailes? I ve had many conversations with him about the situation. I think it s been hard on him, too. I don t think he s enjoyed one piece of this. He can see what happens in my life when Trump starts off. He really wants him to stop, but on the other hand, he s not going to run a news channel that doesn t provide access to the Republican frontrunner for president.Your contract is up after the election. Have you decided if you re staying at Fox News? I haven t.You might not stay? Never say never. I don t know what s going to happen. I ve had a great 12 years here, and I really like working for Roger Ailes. I really like my show, and I love my team. But you know, there s a lot of brain damage that comes from the job. There was probably less brain damage when I worked in the afternoon. I was less well known. I had far less conflict in my life. I also have three kids who are soon going to be school from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. I come to work at 3:30. I like to see my children. Having said that, my boss has been good about working with me to make me happy he knows I m a hard worker. I ve had few problems here where I couldn t talk to him and say,  Can we work something out?,  and come away happy.Would you consider your own talk show? I ve thought about that. I don t know what the market looks like for that in 2016. Many people have tried and failed. I do love covering the news. I just don t think that s the perfect thing for me.What about co-hosting a morning show like  Today ? You have to wake up so early. The alarm goes off at 3:30 a.m. When I did  America s Newsroom,  which started at 9 a.m., I remember saying to the makeup artist at the time,  If you could only know the afternoon me, you d like me so much better.  Listen, this is a fickle business. What if they called me and fired me tomorrow? I have to keep my options open.Fox News won t do that. One never knows. Everything is rolling along fine, and then you call Huckabee  F*ckabee  and you re gone.  Via: VarietyOf course, Megyn Kelly wasn t fired for her mistake during the 2014 Huckabee interview. Watch here: ",0
14168,WOW! VIDEO SURFACES OF BERNIE SANDERS Praising Communism And Bread Lines [Video],Please share this everywhere! Especially to anyone considering voting for this nut job! ,0
14169,WATCH: BLACK LIVES MATTER Bernie Sanders Supporters SPIT On U.S. Flag In Front Of Vets At Trump Rally,"The new Democrat party Godless Socialists, racists, illegal aliens and anti-Americans. Is it any wonder they re flocking to Bernie like flies to sh*t?A  peaceful protest  at Donald Trump s Sunday rally in West Allis, Wisconsin featured several Black Lives Matter supporters standing on the American flag.In the videos   obtained by InfoWars   protesters stated that the  red, white and blue   this shit is the new swastika. Via: Daily Callerh/t Weasel Zippers",0
14170,WOW! FORMER LIBERAL AND BLACK PANTHER Exposes Phony “Black Lies Matter” [VIDEO],"Ginni Thomas is one of the most hard-working and patriotic women in America. As a contributor to the Daily Caller she has interviewed a number of interesting, and many times controversial guests. Her interview with former Black Panther Clarence Mason Weaver is one of her most powerful and thought provoking interviews to date. You ll want to watch every minute of it.    Clarence Mason Weaver was once so filled with hatred towards white people in America, that he broke up with a girlfriend who had a white dog, the now-conservative told The Daily Caller New Foundation in this exclusive video interview.A formerly hate-filled, Berkeley Black Panther liberal, Weaver is a black conservative who now holds strong views on Black Lives Matter, the first black president and how America can heal its racial divide.From humble beginnings, Weaver served his country in Vietnam working as a pipe fitter in the Navy. It was an incident on August 11, 1971 that changed his life forever: A white racist tried to kill him just because of his skin color. Done Nothing But Drive Us Apart : Former Radical Black Panther Gets Candid On Obama, Race RelationsTo read entire story: Daily Caller",0
14171,TRUMP-BACKED GOLFER MAKES IT TO THE MASTERS: “Why are you folding shirts and giving lessons?," I m so proud of him. Isn t that a great story? And to think   it shows the impact that you can have on people s lives.   So, Jim, we re proud of you, Jim. Who would of thought that was going to happen? It s called talent.    Donald Trump on Jim Herman This is such a great story no matter which candidate you support for president. Trump discovered a golfer who was an assistant pro and now sponsors him on the tour. It started with a question from Donald Trump:  Why are you folding shirts and giving lessons? Golfer Jim Herman won his first PGA Tour event Sunday, securing an invitation to the Masters tournament, Cincinnati.com reported:He earned one of the most coveted invitations in all of golf by holding on for a one-stroke victory at the Shell Houston Open. And Donald Trump gets some of the credit.The 38-year-old Cincinnati native has been backed financially by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and says the front-runner encouraged him to get on the pro golf circuit.Herman met Trump while working as an assistant pro at Trump National in New Jersey, where the businessman gave him some advice.Trump asked,  Why are you folding shirts and giving lessons? Why aren t you on the Tour? I ve played with Tour players, you re good enough,  according to the Golf Channel. I don t know, maybe something like that gives you more confidence,  Herman said.Now, he wears the Trump logo on his shirt and his bag.Trump tweeted about the victory on Sunday evening.Read more: The Hill",0
14172,OBAMA UNDERMINES AMERICA…Plans To Slash Nuclear Stockpiles…Again,"Dinesh D Sousa warned us about Obama s reduction of our nation s nuclear stockpile in his movie,  2016, Obama s America.  Shortly after his blockbuster movie appeared in theaters across America, Dinesh D Souza was charged with violating federal campaign finance laws and was sentenced to five years of probation, a $30,000 fine, and eight months in a San Diego  community confinement center  where he was forced to undergo  therapeutic counseling. Here is what Dinesh D Souza predicted:Driven by the alleged anti-colonialist ideology of a father he barely met, President Barack Obama systematically is undermining America economically and militarily   leaving it vulnerable to financial collapse, and even as unlikely as the possibility may seem, nuclear attack.And it charges as he slashes the defense budget, Obama is simultaneously pushing to reduce the nation s nuclear stockpile to as low as a few hundred missiles   even as other countries like China, Russia and North Korea are modernizing and expanding their arsenals, and Iran   widely believed to be close to developing nuclear weapons   is threatening to annihilate Israel.   From Dinesh D Sousa s controversial 2010 book,  The Roots Of Obama s Rage   WNDHere is what is actually happening today:The United States cut its nuclear stockpiles by 20 percent between 1996 and 2013, with more reductions likely to come, according to recently declassified information released by the White House.Stockpiles of highly enriched uranium, or HEU, which is used to fuel a nuclear weapon, were cut from 740.7 metric tons to 586.6 metric tons from 1996 to 2013, according to recently declassified information made available by the Obama administration. This reflects a reduction of over 20 percent,  the White House announced.  Moreover, further reductions in the inventory are ongoing; the U.S. Department of Energy s material disposition program has down-blended 7.1 metric tons of HEU since September 30, 2013, and continues to make progress in this area. The stockpile reductions are part of an effort by the Obama administration to eliminate nuclear materials and move away from these types of weapons.The move comes as countries such as Russia and North Korea move to increase their nuclear stockpiles. Russia, for instance, has made several announcements about its intent to boost its nuclear stockpile and number of weapons.However, the United States is moving in the opposite direction.Via:WFB ",0
14173,THE TRUTH ABOUT THE MAN Who Reformed Welfare And Balanced 4 Straight Budgets…,"Boom! Share this everywhere, as Hillary aligns herself with her with the  successes  of her philandering, lying husband ",0
14174,TWO “HIGH THREAT” EXPLOSIVE Experts Moved From GITMO To African Country With Over 90% Muslim Population [VIDEO],"If someone would have told me in 2008 that we would be releasing Muslim explosive experts from GITMO to a country where over 90% of its citizens were Muslim, I m quite sure I would have thought they were out of their minds. Fast forward to 2016 and the idea that this is really happening is barely registering as a blip on the radar of most Americans. Have Obama s radical policies, that have largely gone unchecked, and his open disregard for our national security caused Americans to ignore the treason his is committing against our nation? Two of Al Qaeda s former explosives experts were just transferred out of Guantanamo Bay and sent to Senegal, the Defense Department confirmed Monday, marking the latest detainees to be shipped out of the prison camp despite the risk they could return to the battlefield.The two Libyan former detainees were separately listed as threats to U.S. interests in Department of Defense documents obtained by Wikileaks and The New York Times.Salem Abdu Salam Ghereby is believed to have fought coalition forces at Usama bin Laden s Tora Bora complex in Afghanistan  and was associated with senior members of Al Qaeda.  Omar Khalif Mohammed Abu Baker Major Umar was assessed to be likely to  immediately seek out prior associates and reengage in hostilities and extremist support activities  upon his release, according to a 2008 government document.The news comes as senators prepare to introduce legislation to permanently block transfers of Guantanamo detainees to terror hot spots and state sponsors of terrorism including Yemen, Libya, Somalia, Syria, Iran and Sudan. Sen. Mark Kirk, R-Ill., was expected to introduce a bill as early as Monday, Fox News has learned.The transfer of Ghereby and Umar reduces the Guantanamo detainee population to 89, according to the Department of Defense. They are part of the Obama administration s long-running and controversial effort to reduce the prison population and ultimately close the camp.By law, the Pentagon must notify Congress 30 days in advance of any detainee transfer. The first notification for the individuals now identified as Ghereby and Umar was in early March. Others are expected in the next few weeks. We are taking all possible steps to reduce the detainee population at Guantanamo and to close the detention facility in a responsible manner that protects our national security,  Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement on Monday.Via: FOX News",0
14175,U.S. TAXPAYERS FOOT $1.4 MILLION BILL So Obama Could APOLOGIZE For America’s Role In Argentina’s “Dirty War” [VIDEO],"President Barack Obama danced the night away in Buenos Aires   at a glitzy state dinner alongside Argentine President Mauricio Macri and his first lady Juliana Awada as part of a two-day state visit. Watch Obama s dirty dancing display HERE.When he wasn t sporting a half-naked Argentinian woman with her legs wrapped around him, he was telling Argentines, There s little difference between communism and capitalism.  (Watch video of speech HERE)President Barack Obama s two-day visit to Argentina, where he tangoed and downplayed the differences between capitalism and communism, cost taxpayers nearly $1.4 million.The president traveled to Argentina last week after his two-day stop in Cuba. The visit racked up substantial costs for hotels, transportation, and advance bathroom maintenance, according to government contracts signed by the State Department and Department of Homeland Security.Lodging for the president and White House staff totaled $115,588, while conference rooms cost $35,584. Another contract for hotel rooms cost $31,585.U.S. Secret Service costs associated with the trip included $120,782 for hotel rooms at the Hyatt Park in Buenos Aires and $707,801 for transportation.Use of Marine One, the presidential helicopter, during Obama s trip cost $44,611. Other transportation costs included contracts worth $68,597, $23,304, $4,789, $8,212, and $24,955.Transportation costs for journalists traveling with the president as part of the White House Correspondents Association totaled $141,794.Finally, a contract signed March 9 for  repair and maintenance for pool bathrooms  for the president s visit to Argentina cost $50,218.President Obama arrived in Argentina on March 23, after he posed in front of a mural of Marxist and mass murderer Che Guevara and did the wave at a baseball game in Cuba.Contracts for Obama s visit to Cuba have not been made public, except for one worth $18,400 for  POTUS press credentials. In all, taxpayers were billed $1,394,294 for the Argentina trip and press credentials in Cuba. One hotel contract was refunded, subtracting $1,926 from the total.The president was widely criticized after he was photographed doing the tango in Buenos Aires just two days after the terrorist attacks in Brussels, Belgium. The attacks killed 32 people, including four Americans, and wounded over 300 others.During the visit, Obama also apologized for America s role in Argentina s  dirty war  in the 1970s and gave a less-than-ringing endorsement of capitalism in a speech to Argentinian youth. So often in the past there has been a division between left and right, between capitalists and communists or socialists, and especially in the Americas, that s been a big debate,  the president said.  Oh, you know, you re a capitalist Yankee dog, and oh, you know, you re some crazy communist that s going to take away everybody s property. Those are interesting intellectual arguments, but I think for your generation, you should be practical and just choose from what works,  Obama said.  You don t have to worry about whether it really fits into socialist theory or capitalist theory. You should just decide what works,  he added.  And I said this to President Castro in Cuba.  Via: Washington Free Beacon",0
14176,WHOA! JOHN KASICH Makes A Crazy Prediction About The GOP Convention You Just Won’t Believe,"Could the people behind this delusional candidate just give him the low down that he s got NO chance at the Republican nomination unless he steals it in that case he s even crazier and more passive aggressive than we thought. John Kasich is saying it s going to be  cool  and the he thinks he s going to be the nominee: It s going to be so much fun. Kids will spend less time focusing on Bieber and Kardashian and more time focusing on how we elect presidents. It will be so cool. Republican presidential candidate John Kasich said he thinks he has a good chance at a contested convention this summer. I believe that a convention will look at somebody like me, and that s why I think I m going to be the nominee,  the Ohio governor said on ABC s  This Week  on Sunday.Kasich said he expects to continue gaining momentum and picking up delegates until the convention. Kasich then touted his poll numbers in head-to-head match-ups against Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton, saying he beats Clinton in  virtually every poll. I m the only one that does it on the Republican side,  he said.He also talked about his record on job growth, adding he has international foreign policy knowledge and the experience to be a competitive candidate. We just have to keep going, and we re going to have an open convention,  Kasich said. It s going to be so much fun. Kids will spend less time focusing on Bieber and Kardashian and more time focusing on how we elect presidents. It will be so cool. Read more: The Hill",0
14177,"A $50,000 FREE-FOR-ALL FOR MINORITIES In The Biggest Obama Scandal Yet","PIGFORD has to be the biggest scam and fraud EVER but I ll bet most Americans haven t even heard about it. IT S ALL ABOUT FREE MONEY! Yes, free money for everyone EXCEPT you have to be a minority to get the $50,000 and it s taxpayer dollars so it s NOT free at all. Our government has spent over $4 BILLION dollars on what was to be a small program to help minority farmers who felt they were discriminated against:Essentially, the process encouraged people to lie and spawned a cottage industry. Claimants had only to file applications for a $50,000 payment by stating that they had  thought about  applying for loans to become a farmer. Where s Congress on this big taxpayer giveaway? Oh, they re voting for billions more to go to this scam of major proportions The Obama administration has again been protected from a troubling scandal by the mainstream media (MSM) using the tactic of omission to simply ignore the scandal, its reality, and the negative blowback attendant to a disturbing story. As sunlight began to illuminate the scandal s inconvenient and troubling facts, charges of racism were used to temporarily silence those sounding the alarm. Seemingly, the alarm-ringers  only crime was having the temerity to respond with a politically incorrect point of view to abuses.The underreported scandal referenced is generally identified as  Pigford.  Pigford s germination occurred in 1997 as a lawsuit (Pigford vs. Glickman) alleging that 91 African-American farmers were unfairly denied loans by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) due to racial discrimination which prevented the complainants from farming. In 1999, the black farmers won their case.Pigford has the distinction of being an out-of-control waste of taxpayer funds and/or a cynical attempt by the Obama administration to curry favor with certain minority groups to which neither President Obama nor Attorney General Eric Holder can plead ignorance of involvement. Both have had knowledge since the court ruled on the Pigford lawsuit; in 2008, then-Senator Barack Obama supported and voted for the funding of the initial settlement. Since then, Eric Holder (and Obama) have been involved in overseeing and managing the Pigford  judgment fund. Yet can Pigford be fairly described as a scandal?Pigford began innocently enough: as a lawsuit to redress a perceived wrong against a group of 91. But then the number climbed to 400 .then 1,600 then The number of black farmers has metastasized   nay, exploded   and the aggrieved group now includes not only blacks, but Hispanics, Native Americans, and females. In fact over 90,000 people have filed claims seeking a payment under the terms of the original Pigford court ruling. That decision, now referred to as Pigford #1, was anticipated to cost approximately $120 million, including legal fees.Pigford #2 is the appellation used to identify an expanded payment regime that funds more payments to African-Americans, Native Americans, Hispanics, and females. This regimen grew out of the fact that thousands of claimants missed the original Pigford #1 filing deadline of October 12, 1999. Interestingly, Native American potential claimants were estimated at 5,300, while plaintiff lawyers pegged the exposure at an estimated 19,000 Native Americans. The judgment fund announced by Agricultural Secretary Thomas Vilsack and Eric Holder in 2010 was expanded from just over $120 million to $1.25 billion, given the expectation of many more filers.However, the explosion of claimants has caused payouts to reach $4.4 billion and has swelled legal fees to over $130 million. More importantly, the claim s process created a rush to get a share of the monies allocated to the judgment fund, even if no real claim existed. Essentially, the process encouraged people to lie and spawned a cottage industry. Claimants had only to file applications for a $50,000 payment by stating that they had  thought about  applying for loans to become a farmer. Proof of a claimant s intent to farm also included a statement from that petitioner saying he or she had attempted to farm by planting a batch of tomatoes in his or her backyard and having that statement verified by a family member. In essence, the need to be a farmer at the time of the alleged discriminatory actions by the USDA was not a requirement to share in the financial redress.Fraud was endemic to the claims process   for example, every apartment in a New York City building received a settlement of at least $50,000. Further, some families received checks of $50,000 for each family member.Read more: American Thinker",0
14178,BREAKING: HILLARY CLINTON’S Comments On The ‘Rights’ Of The ‘Unborn” Will Send A Chill Up Your Spine [Video],"The  unborn person  is how Clinton describes the baby in the womb. So if the  unborn  is a person then wouldn t it have rights?  This interview with Clinton shows what a cold-hearted woman she is. She s all for late-term abortion like Obama is but we skewer Trump for being pro-life? The  unfavorable  ratings with women should be sky high for Clinton. In an interview with Chuck Todd on NBC s  Meet the Press  airing on Sunday, Clinton said that while it  doesn t mean that you don t do everything possible to try to fulfill your obligations [to help the unborn person], it does not include sacrificing the woman s right to make decisions.  SHE S JUST COLD  Read more: Daily Caller",0
14179,"CLASSLESS, BLACK PANTHER DIVA, Beyonce Shows Up At White House For Easter Egg Hunt In Playboy Bunny Style Dress","New Black Panther Entertainer of The Year, Beyonce showed up at the White House dressed like a two-bit hooker for the annual Easter Egg Roll. I suppose it s a better choice than her militant, bullet laden, Black Panther Super-Bowl get-up but seriously isn t this supposed to be a family event?!!Beyonce dressed in her Easter breast to crash the White House.The  Formation  singer busted out a $3,510 Marco de Vincenzo pink-and-white lace dress and sky-high heels for her surprise appearance at the Easter Egg Roll with the First Family on Monday.Beyonce arrived in a black-and-white striped Alice and Olivia power coat that matched Jay-Z s nautical-striped shirt, which he paired with a black blazer.https://twitter.com/BeyonceNation4/status/714499038926802945But tongues wagged after Yonce dropped the jacket. While Blue Ivy looked like an adorable little Easter Bunny in a fluffy white coat and bunny ears, her famous mother was working a lingerie-inspired outfit that made her look more like a Playboy Bunny.Appalling and tasteless. SMH #beyonce https://t.co/7Ee64HKI2S  Bonnie O'Keeffe (@bok2020) March 29, 2016The sheer white-collared blouse and red bustier with floral lace details put Queen Bey s own Easter Eggs on full display at what was supposed to be a family event, complete with Sesame Street characters and teen singers Chloe and Halle Bailey, whom Beyonce reportedly signed to a $1 million recording contract. Nice see through outfit to wear to a kids function,  griped Melody Kolb on Twitter.  She looks ridiculous.  Via: NYDaily News",0
14180,"HILLARY PANDERS FOR BLACK VOTE: Busts Out In AWKARD, Fake Laugh When “Grieving Mom” Brings Up Cheating Bill [VIDEO]","So now it s funny that Bill Clinton had oral sex with an intern in the Oval Office while Hillary was First Lady?Sandra Bland s mother Geneva Ridgefield, talked about how people she meets around the country complain that Hillary Clinton is a liar. Ridgefield defended Clinton, and later joked about Bill Clinton,  If I was to be held accountable for everything my man did, whoa! We d have a problem! It seems that Ridgefield, has gone from the Grieving mom of Sandra Bland   to the black comedian friend of Hillary. This is how politics works. Hillary is using these black mothers to appeal to blacks, and judging by the awkward fake laughter, she is willing to use her past scandals for a cheap moment.Via: DownTrend ",0
14181,WHILE WE’RE DEBATING CRUZ VS TRUMP: Listen To What GOP Elites Have In Store For Us [Video],AUDIO OF KARL ROVE ON HUGH HEWITT   Picking   Fresh Face   at Convention Could End Up Really Helping the GOP ,0
14182,LAWSUIT SEEKS OBAMA Info In Corruption Case: “The Chicago way shouldn’t trump the American people’s right to know.”,"Thank goodness for Judicial Watch! Over and over they have filed Freedom of Information requests on Obama and his minions. At least they re trying to get to the bottom of the corruption but the stonewalling continues Everyone s focused on Hillary Clinton s testimony before the FBI about the e-mail scandal.  But that s not the only FBI interview of a top Obama official that s starting to get attention.There was another interview   with Barack Obama himself   that now is the subject of a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit because the government is withholding details from the public. This lawsuit highlights the personal corruption issues of Barack Obama,  said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton.  Barack Obama and his closest aides were interviewed by the FBI in a criminal investigation and his administration doesn t want Americans to have the details. The Chicago way shouldn t trump the American people s right to know,  he said.The FBI interview with Obama, which reportedly lasted two hours, was at the time when former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich was facing charges for trying to sell Obama s U.S. Senate seat.Judicial Watch said Thursday it has filed a lawsuit against the Department of Justice in Washington to obtain the FBI interview records of Obama, who at the time was leaving the Senate as president-elect.Obama, top aide Valerie Jarrett and his former chief of staff Rahm Emanuel, now mayor of Chicago, were interviewed, Judicial Watch said.Blagojevich eventually was convicted on multiple counts and is serving a prison sentence.Judicial Watch filed its FOIA request in 2011 for records of FBI interviews with Obama, Emanuel and Jarrett  concerning or relating  to Blagojevich.The Washington watchdog group reported that in 2012, the FBI denied the FOIA request, claiming the records were exempt.At the time, Record/Information Dissemination Section Chief David M. Hardy said,  I have determined that the records responsive to your request are law enforcement records; that there is a pending or prospective law enforcement proceeding relevant to these requests; and that the release of the information contained in these responsive records could reasonably be expected to interfere with the enforcement proceedings.  Read more: wnd",0
14183,COLLEGE “CUPCAKES” Get A Dose Of Free Speech After Freakout Over Pro-Trump Message,"What a great example of how you should react to free speech respond back in kind. College students go off to learn and experience many different people and that means conservatives as well as liberals. The Emory University s President is right on with his response to the freakout over pro-Trump chalk drawings. Emory University President James W. Wagner chalked his own free speech message onto a campus sidewalk after students protested over pro-Donald Trump messages that they said threatened their safety.Students had petitioned the administration to denounce the pro-Trump chalkings that began appearing throughout the Atlanta campus last week, saying the possibility that fellow students could support Mr. Trump made them feel unsafe at school.Roughly 40 students carrying signs such as  Stop Trump  and  Stop Hate  protested outside of the Administrative Building last week, chanting  You are not listening! Come speak with us, we are in pain! Some students went so far as to disrupt a board meeting to ask that Mr. Wagner  decry the support for this fascist, racist candidate,  Campus Reform reported.On Friday afternoon, however, Mr. Wagner gathered on the quad with students from Emory s Young Americans for Liberty (YAL) to discuss the university s commitment to the First Amendment. A video posted on YouTube showed the university president using a piece of chalk to write,  Emory stands for free expression!  on the very same sidewalks where  Trump 2016  was written, Campus Reform reported. Read more: WT",0
14184,"MEDIA OBSESSES OVER Ted Cruz’s Alleged Infidelities, While Ignoring HILLARY’S LESBIAN AFFAIRS Revealed By Same Publication","Why is there so much secrecy when it comes to the mainstream media and the alleged lesbian relationship between Hillary and her aide of 20 years, Huma Abedin? ABC News admits that the allegations against Ted Cruz have not been confirmed by them. But what the hell, why not do a story on it anyhow and see if they can make the sleazy image of a cheating Ted Cruz stick ABC News   At a news conference while campaigning in Wisconsin today, Ted Cruz denied a recently released National Enquirer report that claims  political operatives  are looking into rumors that Cruz had multiple marital infidelities.Cruz blamed the report on Donald Trump and his  henchmen  and gave Trump a new nickname of  Sleazy Donald. Let me be clear this National Enquirer story is garbage,  Cruz said today.  It is complete and utter lies. It is a tabloid smear and it is a smear that has come from Donald Trump and his henchmen. Cruz has been in a war of words with Trump over tweets Trump had been sending. Trump tweeted Tuesday he would  spill the beans  about Cruz s wife without providing further information and retweeted Wednesday a split photo of Heidi and his wife Melania Trump, with the text:  No need to  spill the beans.  The images are worth a thousand words. The National Enquirer allegations have not been confirmed by ABC News.Meanwhile, we can t find any reports from the same outlets who eagerly reported on Ted Cruz s alleged affairs that also picked up the National Enquirer story about the lesbian affair between Hillary Clinton and her aide of 20 years, Huma Abedin:Hillary Clinton isn t just caught in a political scandal over her missing emails from her stint as secretary of state   she s also terrified of personal revelations about a secret lesbian lifestyle!Now a world-exclusive investigation by The National ENQUIRER reveals that some of the presidential candidate s famously  deleted  emails are packed full of lesbian references and her lovers  names. I don t think she s so concerned about emails referring to her as secretly gay,  said a Clinton insider.  That s been out for years   her real fear is that the names of some of her lovers would be made public! The ENQUIRER learned the list of Hillary s lesbian lovers includes a beauty in her early 30s who has often traveled with Hillary; a popular TV and movie star; the daughter of a top government official; and a stunning model who got a career boost after allegedly sleeping with Hillary. Hillary made the huge mistake of mixing public and private messages while using her personalized email server   before risking a massive scandal by refusing to make the documents public. That s clearly why she went to the extraordinary step of deleting everything,  the high-ranking source told The ENQUIRER.[quote_box_center]Ronald Kessler, who wrote  The First Family Detail: Secret Service Agents Reveal the Hidden Lives of the Presidents,  writes in The Daily Mail that Abedin was at times dismissive of reasonable orders from agents and at other times treated them like her personal servants.While agents are not supposed to carry luggage, they will do so as a courtesy if they like a female protectee, such as Lynne Cheney or Rosalynn Carter.But with Abedin,  the agents were just like,  Hey, you re going to be like that? Well, you get your own luggage to the car. Oh, and by the way, you can carry the first lady s luggage to the car, too. She d have four bags, and we d stand there and watch her and say,  Oh, can we hold the door open for you?  . . .. . . There s not an agent in the service who wants to be in Hillary s detail,  a current agent says.  If agents get the nod to go to her detail, that s considered a form of punishment among the agents. She s hard to work around, she s known to snap at agents and yell at agents and dress them down to their faces, and they just have to be humble and say,  Yes ma am,  and walk away. [/quote_box_center]Hillary is particularly concerned about intimate emails to longtime aide Huma Abedin   who married U.S. Representative Anthony Weiner in a ceremony that many ridiculed as a political arrangement. Anthony later resigned over extramarital sexting scandals, after porn star Sydney Leathers said that she believed he was in an open marriage. I think a lot of the time when we were speaking, Huma was probably with Hillary,  she charged, at the time.One exchange between the women had Hillary mistakenly responding to political correspondence with an email that seemed to be about decorating.Added the insider:  That makes you wonder if any sensitive information was sent to her romantic partners! The scandal unraveled in March, when Hillary revealed she deleted over 30,000 emails, insisting the messages were just  things you typically find in inboxes.  Via: National Enquirer",0
14185,FINGER-WAGGING GRANNY HILLARY CLINTON Blows Up At Activist Confronting Her At Rally [Video],Hillary Clinton shows her true colors here with a finger wagging moment on the campaign trail: ,0
14186,LOL! TRUMP GIRLS WANT Reporter To Know There’s A Big Difference Between Being “Popped” and “Touched” [VIDEO],"Trump s girls, Diamond and Silk want former Breitbart reporter, Michelle Fields to know there s a big difference between being  popped  and being  touched.  And in case you don t know the difference, they ve graciously included a reenactment of the alleged Trump, Fields, Lewandowski  assault  following a press conference in Florida.Enjoy:",0
14187,“DEAD BROKE’ HILLARY Ties Up Traffic In NYC For An Extravagant Appointment,"Hillary Clinton told us she was  dead broke  but it seems those $250 thousand dollar speeches add up to big bucks. The Clintons are widely known to enjoy a high end hair cut. Remember  Hairgate  where Bill caused a stink when he got his hair cut on Air Force One? Well, holding up traffic is what these two grifters do after all, the world revolves around them Hillary Clinton s entourage   four big black cars plus her top aide Huma Abedin   was spotted outside Bergdorf Goodman on Wednesday morning waiting as the presidential hopeful got her $600 haircut.According to one witness,  Hillary s entourage was blocking traffic early this morning, and waiting as Hillary got her hair done before heading up to do an event at the Apollo Theater in Harlem. Clinton gets her hair done at the John Barrett Salon by John Barrett personally, who we previously reported charges $600 for a haircut, plus an extra $600 for color.It s not clear how much Clinton pays for a private audience with Barrett, and her reps didn t respond to requests for comment. But usually, the store closes off a private entrance and elevator bank for her arrival.A coiffed Clinton was later seen meeting with Rep. Charlie Rangel at Harlem cafe Make My Cake before taking the stage at the Apollo to speak to a crowd.Read more: NYP",0
14188,"BLACK FELON Brutally Beats Girlfriend, Grabs Cop’s Gun, Sticks Gun In Cop’s Back…Cop’s Partner SHOOTS, KILLS Felon…Cop Exonerated…Black Lives Matter Terrorists Erupt In MN…Burn U.S. Flag","Another case of the White man and an oppressive America holding down a black man with so much potential and promise   Angry Black Lives Matter protesters in Minneapolis chanted  I am a revolutionary!  and set fire to the American flag after a Hennepin County attorney announced there will be no charges against police officers involved in the shooting death of convicted felon Jamar Clark.Crazed speaker at last night's #JamarClark rally completely loses his mind & screams at cameras. #BlackLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/o6rpNMHHPL  Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) March 31, 2016Minneapolis protestors chanting ""Shut It Down"" to show support for woman-beating criminal #JamarClark pic.twitter.com/4p6lJe7utd  Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) March 30, 2016As Breitbart News reported yesterday, an investigation found the shooting was justified. At a press conference early Wednesday morning, Attorney Mike Freeman contested one of the chief claims of the protesters; that Clark was handcuffed when shot. Freeman said  Forensic evidence and video evidence both support the belief that Clark was not handcuffed at any time through the altercation. Coddled: the #JamarClark protestors are being allowed march on a main roadway. pic.twitter.com/8kmGhHTMRo  Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) March 30, 2016A report issued along with other pieces of evidence showed that Jamar Clark had impeded the work of EMTs who were trying to help the girlfriend that he had assaulted and left unable to walk and with a bruised face.Clark then began calling paramedic Thompson a  pussy  and  bitch  and told (his girlfriend) Hayes that he was going to come see her. The paramedics loaded Hayes into the ambulance and locked the doors. (EMTs) Thompson and Haskell were very afraid at this point.The report explains that Minneapolis police officers Ringgenberg and Schwarze arrived at the scene and were told the  person in the ambulance was assaulted by the person up on the curb (Jamar Clark) who was also interfering with the paramedics.  Clark refused to obey the officers and then according to the report:Ringgenberg said he tried to move away from Clark to get in position to handcuff him. Ringgenberg felt his gun go from his right hip to the small of his back and told Schwarze,  He s got my gun.  Ringgenberg said he reached back to the top of his gun and felt Clark s  whole  hand on the gun. Ringgenberg repeatedly told his partner Schwarze,  He s got my gun, he s got my gun.  Ringgenberg recalled hearing Schwarze tell Clark to let go of the gun or Schwarze would shoot. Ringgenberg heard Clark say,  I m ready to die.  Ringgenberg said,  That was the worst feeling ever because, it just, my heart just sank.  Ringgenberg believed he was going to die at that point because he had no control over his gun. Ringgenberg felt that Clark didn t care what happened to him and remembered thinking that he didn t want his partner to die with his gun. After Ringgenberg heard the round go off he remembered being able to roll away.None of this evidence satisfied the hundreds of protesters who came out later that night for two rallies and marches that eventually converge in downtown Minneapolis.Mob at last night's #JamarClark rally raise fists, chant Black Panther Fred Hampton's ""I am a revolutionary "" pic.twitter.com/CsfKfbscfd  Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) March 31, 2016After the groups merged, a number of speakers addressed the crowd, agitating them with anticapitalist, anti-American and anti white rhetoric. A number of the speakers made reference to the violent communist group the Black Panthers, who responsible for a number of deaths in the 1960s and 70s, including numerous shootings of police officers. The Minneapolis speakers also praised communist Angela Davis and  queen of the Black Liberation Army  Assata Shakur.Protestors burn US Flag in protest at #Justice4Jamar rally in Minneapolis. #JamarClark #BlackLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/XZbExY8R4s  #BlackAugust (@Delo_Taylor) March 31, 2016Protesters burn U.S. flag outside Minneapolis 4th Precinct #JamarClark #BLMhttps://t.co/RD2xPNVK56  Ruptly (@Ruptly) March 31, 2016Via: Breitbart News",0
14189,AFTER GM’S TAXPAYER BAILOUT AND $10 BILLION IN FORGIVEN DEBT…Cars Now Made In China [Video],"Was the GM bailout REALLY about American jobs? The taxpayers were sold a bill of goods on the GM bailout and still haven t seen anything but jobs going overseas. The American worker and American taxpayer deserve better!In 2016, General Motors will roll out for the first time in the United States a new model of Buick built exclusively in China: the Buick Envision.It s the first time the iconic American auto manufacturer will sell cars built in China in the United States since receiving a sizable taxpayer-funded bailout at the end of the George W. Bush administration and beginning of the Barack Obama administration.The Buick Envision which was available in China for purchase as far back as 2014 will make its official debut in the United States in the summer of 2016.The Buick Envision bills itself  a luxury crossover designed to turn heads and welcome you in. A quick search of  Buick Envision  leads to the Buick Envision s website where one can explore all the features and design of the vehicle. The website doesn t appear to make any reference to the fact that the Envision is manufactured in China.The issue of U.S. auto manufacturers moving production facilities overseas has taken a center stage this presidential election, with the rise of both billionaire Donald Trump in the Republican Party and of Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT)16% of Vermont in the Democratic Party.Trump has drawn attention to GM competitor Ford for the company s decision to move manufacturing to Mexico, but Ford wasn t the recipient of a taxpayer-funded bailout. Sanders, meanwhile, has used his opposition to the bailouts to show that he isn t influenced by crony capitalism all while former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has tried to take credit for saving the auto industry with her support of the bailout.Breitbart News reached out to American Jobs Alliance to get its reaction to GM s decision to import Chinese-produced cars.  When the taxpayers bailed out General Motors, we were told it was all about saving jobs in America. Now GM turns around and throws Americans under the wheels of Buicks made in China. Where does it stop? Will General Motors build Cadillacs, Chevys and GMC trucks in China next?  Curtis Ellis executive director American Jobs Alliance told Breitbart News.General Motors has also announced plans to sell a Chinese manufactured hybrid Cadillac, the CT6 in American markets. Flint was known for decades as Buick City. It s now jobless, bankrupt and destitute,  Ellis continued.Read more: Breitbart",0
14190,FLASHBACK VIDEO: Al Sharpton Assaults FOX News Reporter For Asking Baltimore Mayor Why She Allowed Thugs Loot And Burn Down Businesses,"When did Americans decide they were okay with Democrats exempting themselves from the same laws everyone else is required to follow? Fox News reporter Leland Vittert had a brief exchange with Al Sharpton and Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake.Vittert said he wanted Rawlings-Blake to answer a number of questions about the rioting over the past few days in the wake of Freddie Gray s death. He said he asked: What do you have to say to the number of officers injured, and what do you have to say to businesses that were looted during a reported  stand down  order? Why can t we ask questions?  Vittert asked.Rawlings-Blake remained silent while Sharpton said they d answer questions at the press conference.Vittert added that he asked officers who  shoved [him] out of the way  why they were protecting the mayor from simple questions, yet decided not to protect businesses from rioters. Via: FOX News",0
14191,TOP TEN Most “Ethically Challenged” Clinton E-mails,"The party s over or is it? Hillary Clinton and her aides will need to decide whether to lie or tell the truth to the FBI about her e-mail and official business. This puts them in a position of choosing between being honest about those emails, or lying to the FBI, which is a crime,  said Matthew G. Whitaker, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Iowa from 2004 to 2009. He is presently executive director of the Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust (FACT) in Washington, D.C.Federal agents are preparing to schedule interviews with Clinton s  longtime and closest aides  about her use of the private email and server throughout her tenure as the nation s chief diplomat from 2009 to 2013, the Los Angeles Times reported Monday.Despite Clinton s repeated denial she ever sent or received classified information via her private email, federal investigators said more than 2,000 of the 55,000 pages of emails she turned over to the Department of State did include classified material. More than 20 of those emails contained information so sensitive and classified members of Congress were not allowed to read them.Whitaker s group made public its list of what it judges to be the  top 10 most ethically challenged Hillary emails  March 10, 2016:Nepotism: Clinton intervened Aug. 22, 2012, on behalf of her son-in-law, Marc Mezvinsky, in an effort to secure State Department assistance for one of his business associates with ties to a Clinton Foundation donor. FACT filed a complaint with the U.S. Office of Government Ethics on this issue. Favoring Insiders: Clinton  impressed  billionaire donor George Soros with his easy access to her, according to a May 12, 2012, email to her from Neera Tanden, veteran Clinton adviser and president of the liberal think tank Center for American Progress. Above The Law: Clinton told aide Jake Sullivan in a June 17, 2011, email to disregard classification security regulations and send information for a speech via a non-secure email system, which forced the aide to either break the law or disobey an order. Special Interests: In a July 26, 2010, email exchange with Clinton, Sullivan forwarded a message from Jeffrey Farrow, an influential lobbyist for a Pacific island government. The exchange  raises red flags about whether Farrow had made  requests,  according to FACT. Selling Access: A Dec. 10, 2009, email discussed attempts by Clinton campaign and foundation donor Brian Greenspun to set up a meeting between Clinton and a top Israeli official who had  been trying to meet with [Clinton] to no avail.  The email suggests certain campaign and foundation donors had a privileged  back door  to Clinton. Conflicts Of Interest: Clinton pushed for the State Department to work with the Clinton Foundation and the Red Cross on a project in Haiti. The Jan. 19, 2010, email from Clinton to Chief of Staff Cheryl Mills indicates a clear conflict of interest, according to FACT. Helping Political Allies: Mark Penn, Clinton s 2008 presidential campaign pollster and long-time political adviser, complained about not having timely access on a corporate event in China. His complaints were apparently resolved after a Feb. 22, 2010, email from Clinton aide Kris Balderston that set up a telephone call with Clinton. Trading Favors: Barely a week after the Penn complaint, Balderston reported in a March 2 email to Clinton that major corporations, including Boeing, CITI and Blackstone, agreed to provide financial support for the event.  Even the appearance of this sort of favor trading, involving the public, private and political sectors, is a bad ethics practice,  according to FACT. Abuse Of Position: A Sept. 15, 2011, email forwarded to Clinton, Sullivan and aide Huma Abedin listed multiple State Department officials attending the Clinton Foundation Global Initiative conference despite having  no official role.  Robert Hormats, a department official, was also a speaker at a dinner co-hosted by the Goldman Sachs Wall Street investment firm that later paid Clinton $675,000 for three speeches. The dinner focused on investing in women, Clinton s favorite Clinton Foundation project. Duping Obama: In a Sept. 20, 2011, email to Clinton, Mills forwarded a draft of President Barack Obama s planned remarks to the Clinton Foundation Global Initiative. FACT contends that  Clinton doesn t appear to have routinely received copies of the President s draft speeches, and it sends bad ethical signals to treat a speech given to her family s organization differently. Read more: biz pac",0
14192,NATIONAL BORDER PATROL UNION Gives First Time Ever Endorsement: “You Can Judge a Man By His Opponents”,"Our most pressing issue is border control and terrorism. If you ve been paying attention to the border issues, you know we have basically had open borders during the Obama presidency. We ve become a global magnet for ANYONE to come across our border. Who knows how many terrorists and violent gang members have crossed our border. The bottom line is that the American taxpayer should NEVER have to pay for the people coming across and should not be put at risk. This is a safety issue and a financial issue! We need big changes and we need them fast. The Republican party and the Republicans in charge now have done NOTHING to fix this problem. Does this tell you anything? We need to clean house and elect people who will put AMERICA FIRST! The NBPC has had a longstanding practice of not endorsing presidential candidates in the primaries. Via the National Border Patrol website:The National Border Patrol Council is the official organization representing our nation s Border Patrol Agents. We represent 16,500 agents who selflessly serve this country in an environment where our own political leaders try to keep us from doing our jobs.The NBPC has had a longstanding practice of not endorsing presidential candidates in the primaries. We will not, however, shy away from voicing our opinions as it pertains to border security and the men and women of the United States Border Patrol. As such, we are breaking with our past practice and giving our first-ever endorsement in a presidential primary. We think it is that important: if we do not secure our borders, American communities will continue to suffer at the hands of gangs, cartels and violent criminals preying on the innocent. The lives and security of the American people are at stake, and the National Border Patrol Council will not sit on the sidelines.As an organization we expect our elected officials to aggressively pursue the interests of the country. America has already tried a young, articulate freshman senator who never created a job as an attorney and under whose watch criminal cartels have been given the freest border reign ever known.Unlike his opponents, Donald Trump is not a career politician, he is an outsider who has created thousands of jobs, pledged to bring about aggressive pro-American change, and who is completely independent of special interests. We don t need a person who has the perfect Washington-approved tone, and certainly NOT another establishment politician in the W.H. Indeed, the fact that people are more upset about Mr. Trump s tone than about the destruction wrought by open borders tells us everything we need to know about the corruption in Washington.We need a person in the White House who doesn t fear the media, who doesn t embrace political correctness, who doesn t need the money, who is familiar with success, who won t bow to foreign dictators, who is pro-military and values law enforcement, and who is angry for America and NOT subservient to the interests of other nations. Donald Trump is such a man.Mr. Trump is as bold and outspoken as other world leaders who put their country s interests ahead of all else. Americans deserve to benefit for once instead of always paying and apologizing. Our current political establishment has bled this country dry, sees their power evaporating, and isn t listening to voters who do all the heavy lifting. Trump is opposed by the established powers specifically because they know he is the only candidate who actually threatens the established powers that have betrayed this country.You can judge a man by his opponents: all the people responsible for the problems plaguing America today are opposing Mr. Trump. It is those without political power   the workers, the law enforcement officers, the everyday families and community members   who are supporting Mr. Trump.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
14193,"FBI INVESTIGATION Into HILLARY’S Email Server Entering “Very, very dangerous phase” [VIDEO]","Perhaps the pundits should start changing course and measuring Trump s chances of defeating Bernie Sanders in the general The investigation into Hillary Clinton s private email server is entering a  very, very dangerous phase  for the Democratic presidential front-runner, Judge Andrew Napolitano said on  Varney & Co  today.As federal prosecutors prepare to interview several of Clinton s closest aides, it s a sign that they re finished gathering and corroborating evidence, Judge Napolitano explained.He said that most criminal defense attorneys will not let their clients be interviewed by the FBI and federal prosecutors, because the government is not obligated to reveal what evidence they have. Via: FOX News",0
14194,OBAMABOT CONGRESSWOMAN: ISIS Beheadings Do Not Justify U.S Airstrikes [Video],"U.S. Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson (D-Dallas) argued the beheading of two American journalists by ISIS does not justify U.S. airstrikes into Syria Thursday. During an interview on Capitol Hill, Johnson said the slayings of James Foley and Steven Sotloff should not lead to bombing ISIS forces in Syria.  We were on their ground. It was not in the U.S. I do think we need to protect Americans wherever they are. But Americans also need to be careful where they are,  said Johnson. The Dallas Democrat also said President Obama does not need Congressional authority to escalate the fight against ISIS. But she feels he would be wise to seek approval from the U.S. House and Senate. See the entire interview below: ",0
14195,BIKERS FOR TRUMP Will Travel To Future Rallies To “Provide Outside Security” Against Paid Soros Thugs For Hillary And Bernie Sanders,"Americans had to know it would come to this. The anarchists, the whiny, petulant college students with nothing better to do and the angry BLM protesters are about to meet up with a group who doesn t care much about their feelings or about political correctness. A large percentage of bikers who belong to groups are veterans who have fought for our nation and are not about to step aside and allow a billionaire communist who supports a woman under investigation by the FBI and left four of their brothers to die in Benghazi, to take away the right of Americans to attend a political rally for a candidate they support.It s a military tradition of sorts, running back more than six decades.In the wake of World War II, as a generation of troops returned home from combat, veterans across the country found a certain pleasure and purpose through a newly evolved piece of gear they d become friendly with downrange: the motorcycle.New  motorcycle clubs  sprang up everywhere, filling the void of camaraderie and brotherhood   not to mention adrenaline and adventure   that many found themselves craving with the end of their military service.They called themselves  outlaws    not because they were criminals but because they refused to be boxed in by the rules and regulations of the fledgling American Motorcycle Association. Combat is where motorcycle outlaws come from,  says Don Charles Davis, who writes the Aging Rebel biker news blog from Los Angeles.  Clubs like the Boozefighters and the Outlaws were either invented or transformed by veterans on cheap Army surplus bikes. One club in particular drew its inspiration from the 3rd Pursuit Squadron of the Flying Tigers, the American volunteers who flew combat missions against the Japanese over China. The squadron was better known among the fliers as  Hells Angels. It was just the first of three waves of motorcycle club membership, Davis says. The second surge, of which the former II Corps artilleryman was a part, arose in the wake of Vietnam. Like many war fighters returning home to a largely hostile nation, he found his own family among bikers.That s when clubs such as the Mongols, the Devils Disciples   named after a George Bernard Shaw play about Revolutionary War patriot Ethan Allen, Davis says   and the Bandidos got their start, again largely fueled by returning veterans.And now a new generation of currently serving troops and veterans are pouring into the old clubs, and starting their own groups as well. Via: Military TimesMeanwhile, Donald Trump is ending his vacation with a rally in the Critical state of Wisconsin, tomorrow at 11AM. His event has already sold out, and a violent protest has been organized to cause mayhem and havoc as they did in Arizona and Illinois.[quote_box_center]From the TRUMP PATRIOTS Facebook page: Patriotic Bikers, from all across the United States are planning to show up at ALL future TRUMP rallies to make sure that any paid agitator protesters don t take away Mr. Trump s right to speak. Or interfere with the rights of Trump supporters to safely attend. WE SHALL NOT BE SILENCED!TO ALL THOSE PAID  PROTESTORS Planning on causing chaos, violence,anarchy and riots. Trump rallies are private paid events on private property and Trump is under Secret Service protection. If you want to peacefully assemble across the street from any of Trumps rallies to protest, that is your 1st amendment right. But to publicly plan, incite and organize your events as paid agitators disrupting others civil rights from attending any private event, will most likely end very bad for you, despite the medias attempt to be your cheerleaders.[/quote_box_center]JANESVILLE Nichole Mittness thought about 100 people would respond to a Facebook page inviting a protest of Donald Trump s Janesville appearance.As of midday Saturday, 1,200 had pledged to be there, and Mittness figured that meant 1,000 or so would show up on Tuesday. It s really overwhelming. I was not anticipating this kind of response,  Mittness said.While Mittness is working to have a peaceful protest that doesn t interfere with the Trump event, Janesville police are preparing for any possibility.Janesville Police Chief Dave Moore said Friday he didn t yet know how many officers would be assisgned, but his department reached out to police agencies in Rock County, including the sheriff s office, as well as the State Patrol, DNR and Dane County Sheriff s Office.The joint Beloit-Janesville-Rock County sheriff s  mobile field force,  which specializes in crowd control, will be there, Moore said.Moore noted the Janesville Conference Center holds 1,000 and said he expects  a substantial number of people  outside. Trump s event is scheduled for 3 p.m. The local protest is slated to begin at 11 a.m.Police respect the constitutional right to freedom of speech,  and to the degree possible, we intend to allow all citizens to voice their opinions, but we will require that it be done in a peaceful and safe manner,  Moore said.Inside the Janesville Conference Center a part of the Holiday Inn Express is a different story, Moore said.If the Holiday Inn, Trump s people or the U.S. Secret Service want disrupters removed,  It is private property, and that s their right,  Moore said. Via: Prntly",0
14196,WATCH KARL ROVE Get Called Out On The GOP Establishment’s Plan To Deny Trump At Convention [Video],Karl Rove gets called out by Eric Bolling in a tense exchange where Rove calls Bolling  paranoid . This interview tells you no matter what candidate you support that the establishment plans on denying Trump no matter what. ,0
14197,FORD CEO Tells Trump They’ll Move Forward With Plans To Open $2.5 Billion Plant In Mexico…And Here’s Why [VIDEO],"Perhaps the focus should be on the EPA and other government agencies who create an extremely hostile environment for manufacturing goods in America Trump has repeatedly accused the company of outsourcing jobs to other countries and taking jobs away from American workers. CEO Mark Fields responded to Trump s criticism in a recent interview with CNN s Poppy Harlow. He said Ford is committed to adding jobs in the U.S.Last July, Trump blasted Ford for having manufacturing operations in Mexico.  What does that do? We don t get anything. Does Mexico come here and build factories here? We lose a fortune with every deal  that adds jobs overseas, Trump claimed.Fields defended Ford s track record on supporting American jobs.  We ve created 25,000 jobs [in the U.S.] since 2011, and going forward over the next four years we ve agreed to either retain or add another 8,500 jobs,  Fields said.  The amount of money that we invest in [research and development] here is more than companies like Apple. Ford invested nearly $7 billion in R&D in the U.S. in 2014 alone, Field said.The Republican presidential frontrunner s criticism of Ford largely centered around Ford s plans to invest $2.5 billion in its Mexican operations.Then in October, Trump took credit for Ford supposedly canceling those plans and opening a new factory in Ohio instead.In fact, Ford said it planned to go forward with its $2.5 billion expansion in Mexico. And its decision to move production of a line of trucks from Mexico to Ohio was made four years ago during union negotiations. Via: CNN Money",0
14198,DR BEN CARSON’S WISE WORDS On Attack On Christians In Pakistan [Video],Dr. Ben Carson is so full of great common sense and wisdom! ,0
14199,FIDEL CASTRO MOCKS President Obama…Blasts Him For Meddling In Communist Country’s Affairs,"B..b b but what about the wave the baseball game, the posing in front of Che Guevara artwork? We were under the impression that our communist leader and Cuba s communist leader had an understanding, or at least a special bond between kindred spirits Fidel Castro   speaking out for the first time since President Obama s historic visit to Cuba   blasted the US leader for trying to meddle in his country s affairs.In a letter titled  Brother Obama  and published Monday in El Granma, the official state newspaper of the Cuban Communist Party, the island nation s former president scoffed,  We don t need the empire to give us any presents. Castro, 89, ripped Obama for assuming that Cuba trusted him when he said the US government is done trying to overthrow the Communist regime and that this will help the island move more quickly toward economic and political reform. My modest suggestion is that he reflects and doesn t try to develop theories about Cuban politics,  Castro said. No one should pretend that the people of this noble and selfless country will renounce its glory and its rights,  he wrote.  We are capable of producing the food and material wealth that we need with the work and intelligence of our people. He even took a swipe at Obama s relative youth. Native populations do not exist at all in the minds of Obama. Nor does he say that racial discrimination was swept away by the Revolution; that retirement and salary of all Cubans were enacted by this before Mr. Barack Obama was 10 years old,  Castro said.Obama had said in a speech that  it is time, now, for us to leave the past behind,  but the diehard Commie retorted,  I imagine that any one of us ran the risk of having a heart attack on hearing these words from the President of the United States. Castro ceded power to his brother Raul in 2008. Obama met with Raul last week, the first time a US president had been to Cuba since 1928. Via: NYP",0
14200,"OBAMA’S BACKDOOR GUN CONFISCATION: 260,000 VETERANS STRIPPED Of Second Amendment Rights","Obama s cowardly backdoor gun confiscation starts with those who ve risked their lives defending our rights.In what amounts to a backdoor gun grab, two Senate Republicans are demanding to know why the VA stripped 260,000 veterans of their Second Amendment rights.As of December, the VA has reported 260,381 individuals to the FBI as  mentally defective  and therefore not permitted to purchase a gun, Guns.com is reporting.U.S. Sen. Chuck Grassley, an Iowa lawmaker who is currently the Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman, finds this unacceptable. Our military heroes risked their lives to protect and defend this country and all that we stand for, including our most basic constitutional rights,  said Grassley in a statement.  Now the very agency created to serve them is jeopardizing their Second Amendment rights through an erroneous reading of gun regulations. The VA s careless approach to our veterans  constitutional rights is disgraceful. In an effort to fix the issue, Grassley, along with Senate Veterans  Affairs Committee Chairman Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., penned a letter to VA Secretary Robert McDonald last week and another to the subcommittee over the agency s funding, questioning the practice.Making a due process argument, the lawmakers argue the VA uses the fiduciary trustee status of a veteran to regulate firearms possession without ever seeking to find out if the service member is a danger to themselves or others. The use of the VA regulation, adopted for a totally unrelated purpose, is suspect, especially in light of the Supreme Court holding that the Second Amendment is a fundamental right,  reads the letter to McDonald.  That holding changed the legal calculus by which a regulatory scheme can survive constitutional scrutiny and it is not clear how these regulations would fare under that increased scrutiny. Via: DownTrend",0
14201,ALL ABOARD THE SHARIA LAW TRAIN: Germany Announces They Will Now Have Female ONLY Sections,"Well that didn t take long In the trains between Leipzig and Chemnitz the MRB is setting up some compartments for women traveling alone and mothers with children. The background for the alterations is a corresponding demand, said Kleinrensing.Since December MRB, a subsidiary of the internationally active group Transdev, has been operating on the route and in response to the wishes of female customers, it wants to improve the service in the trains correspondingly.So, in the next few weeks, all trains in the REG Regional Express line, will get two female compartments, each with 12 seats. This actions also contributes to strengthening the feeling of security of female passengers, said Kleinrensing.Via: sz-online.de   S chsische Zeitung",0
14202,LEFTIST HATE ON STEROIDS: Donald Trump Tombstone Appears In NYC,"Suggesting a person should be killed because the Left disagrees with his desire to make America great again is beyond the pale But lets discuss micro aggressions and demands for safe spaces A tombstone for Donald Trump mysteriously appeared in Central Park this weekend, just one week after over a thousand avowed communists, socialists, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT)16% fans, and pro-illegal immigration activists took part in an anti-Trump protest in Central Partk.The Gothamist posted a tweet showing the tombstone, which reads  Made America Hate Again. Photo: You Can Visit Donald Trump's Tombstone In Central Park https://t.co/jetfxBxUFj pic.twitter.com/JvBKYsMKUI  Gothamist (@Gothamist) March 27, 2016 As Breitbart News has reported, while the media and even other Republicans have castigated Trump for  violence,  in fact the calls for Trump s death have gone unpunished on social media sites like Twitter.The following tweets are just a sample from the last 24 hours:I think I m gonna assassinate Donald Trump    (@Inuyashiha) March 27, 2016im going to hire someone on the deep web to assassinate donald trump  fat cube head  (@IovegIow) March 27, 2016@FaZeBlaziken 10 likes and I will assassinate trump  Adam Gomez (@kingprimoLoL) March 27, 2016@patrickfoster Personally, I can t understand why there isn t a Kickstarter to assassinate Trump, yet.  Eric Karjaluoto (@karj) March 27, 2016Meanwhile, an Assassinate Donald Trump page has been reposted on Facebook. The page s creator said that they don t personally plan to kill Mr. Trump, but they believe it  should be done :Assassinate Donald TrumpMarch 25 at 3:10pm  I find it important to say for my own protection that I have no intention or interest in assassinating a presidential cacandidate. Rather, I think it s something that should be done and I think the page needs to exists again, since the Republicans whined it down. Via: Breitbart News ",0
14203,PAUL RYAN “BETRAYED” A Wealthy Businessman Who’s Now Running Against Him,"This is great! More citizens need to take it to the establishment politicians who promise one thing to get elected and then do something totally different once in office. Paul Ryan needs to go and it sounds like this guy is the one to do it! A wealthy businessman with tea party ties confirmed Sunday that he is mounting a primary challenge to House Speaker Paul D. Ryan, saying that after donating to the Wisconsin Republican s past campaigns he feels  betrayed  by the speaker on trade deals and immigration.The businessman, who is not yet revealing his identity, promised that his run will  shake up the establishment in a profound way,  according to a political consultant close to the prospective candidate.The emergence of a viable Republican challenger in Wisconsin s 1st Congressional District is the culmination of a monthslong recruitment effort by tea party activists who say they were double-crossed by Mr. Ryan when he passed a $2 trillion spending package late last year.Eric Odom, a conservative activist and political consultant in Wisconsin, confirmed with  100 percent certainty  that a local business leader would be running to oust Mr. Ryan. I ve had the privilege of attending multiple meetings with this individual, during which he has expressed his sense of betrayal by Speaker Ryan. He has a strong desire to see real representation for the people of the district versus a congressman who represents special interests in Washington,  he said. It s very personal for him,  Mr. Odom added.  He intends to run a full-scale candidacy that will shake up the establishment in a profound way. Read more: WT",0
14204,HILLARY CLINTON FLEECED UCLA With This Outrageous “Special” Fee For A Speech Not To Mention The Other Demands,"Wow! Aren t FOIA requests great? You get to read about what really happened or what these politicians are REALLY like. In the case of Hillary, she s gonna fleece a public university AND then ask for special stuff like special food. She s such a grifter!Former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton charged $300,000 to speak to students and faculty at University of California Los Angeles in March, even after school officials tried to negotiate the deal.According to new documents obtained by the Washington Post under the Freedom of Information Act, the school asked for a reduced rate for public universities, but Mrs. Clinton s representatives said that $300,000 was the  special university rate. The documents show that planning for Mrs. Clinton s appearances took over a year, and that representatives managed everything from the size of pillows on armchairs used on stage to the multiple teleprompters requested for the lecture hall. She uses a lavalier [microphone] and will both speak from the audience and walk around stage, TED talk style. We need a teleprompter and 2-3 downstage scrolling monitors [for] her to read from,  UCLA administrator Patricia Lippert told The Washington Post.E-mails show that Mrs. Clinton s team rejected the podium selected for her use at the UCLA event, sending school officials scrambling to find a more suitable podium and rent a new university seal to match.Mrs. Clinton s representatives requested  Coffee, tea, room temp sparkling and still water, diet ginger ale, crudit , hummus and sliced fruit  for the green room, according to The Washington Post.Read more: WT",0
14205,WOW! WHAT JOHN KASICH Just Asked Cruz And Trump To Do Proves He’s Got An Ego The Size Of Texas,"John Kasich is delusional! He s also full of himself! It s unbelievable that he came in fourth in a three man race but still insists on continuing his run for president. Give it up! Donald Trump and Ted Cruz should suspend their campaigns and  consolidate  behind John Kasich, John Kasich suggested this morning during an appearance on Meet the Press. Ted Cruz s campaign is repeatedly called for you to get out,  host Chuck Todd said.  Saying a vote for you is a vote for Donald Trump.   If you thought your position in this race strengthened Trump, would you get out? Chuck, I m beating Hillary by 11 points,  Kasich replied.  I m the only one that can win in the fall. And as you noticed the narrative over the last week has been what is wrong with the party. Kasich s the guy that can win the general. Some people have said Kasich would be the best president. Get out for what?  he continued.  If I d gotten out Trump would be the nominee, he would have won Ohio. And frankly, we ll win some districts in Wisconsin. We will move to Pennsylvania where I m basically in a statistical tie with Trump. And when we go to New York and everywhere else, we re going to pick up delegates,  Kasich predicted.  It s absurd, it s absurd. You know, if you really want, let them consolidate behind me because frankly I m the one that can win in the fall. And I m the one that can get the crossover votes. Via: Breitbart",0
14206,OBAMA PARTIES While The World Mourns More Terror [Video],The optics are horrible when there s a terror attack and Obama pretty much parties through it all  ,0
14207,DONALD TRUMP WAS RIGHT AGAIN: U.S. Funds NATO In The Hundreds Of Billions,"Arkansas Senator Tom Cotton came out in agreement with Donald Trump last week on our role in NATO. They disagree on a solution but it s a great idea and about time they bring this to the forefront. SENATOR TOM COTTON ON AMERICA S ROLE IN NATO:Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton on Friday discussed his participation in a meeting with Donald Trump earlier this week, remarking that he and the Republican presidential frontrunner have similar concerns when it comes to the United States  role in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.  You know, he had spoken earlier that day to The Washington Post editorial board and raised some serious questions about NATO. I share some of those questions,  Cotton said in an interview with MSNBC s  Morning Joe.   We used to split our costs 50/50 between the U.S. and Europe. Today, it s 70-30 between the U.S. and Europe.  Read more: PoliticoIn an interview with The Washington Post editorial board, Donald Trump made an accurate statement about the U.S. subsidization of fellow NATO members:TRUMP: Look, I see NATO as a good thing to have   I look at the Ukraine situation and I say, so Ukraine is a country that affects us far less than it affects other countries in NATO, and yet we are doing all of the lifting, they re not doing anything. And I say, why is it that Germany is not dealing with NATO on Ukraine? Why is it that other countries that are in the vicinity of the Ukraine not dealing with   why are we always the one that s leading, potentially the third world war, okay, with Russia? Why are we always the ones that are doing it? And I think the concept of NATO is good, but I do think the United States has to have some help. We are not helped. I ll give you a better example than that. I mean, we pay billions   hundreds of billions of dollars to supporting other countries that are in theory wealthier than we are.DIEHL: Hundreds of billions?TRUMP: Billions.Trump s GOP opponents jumped on his comments and accused him of suggesting that the U.S. should leave NATO, or at least cut back its support of the alliance.In fact, Trump was correct that the U.S. is paying  hundreds of billions of dollars to supporting other countries  via NATO each year, never mind additional military subsidies to non-NATO allies.In 2014, the collective GDP of all NATO members was US$37.5 trillion. During the same year, the alliance spent a total of US$924 billion on military expenditures, of which the U.S. spent the majority ($610 billion), according to the SIPRI Military Expenditure Database.Consequently, the alliance collectively spent 2.47% of GDP on defense. The U.S. was the only member above this value, coming in at 3.5% of GDP. In other words, the U.S. subsidizes each and every other member of NATO.This leads us to the following chart, showing the individual defense spending deficits toward the common defense in 2014 for each NATO member   note that the U.S. has a  surplus  of US$180 billion that equals the sum of all other member deficits.Unsurprisingly, Germany (US$47 billion per year) and Canada (US$26 billion per year) are the biggest NATO laggards, followed closely by Spain and Italy at $US21 billion per year each. These four countries constitute almost two thirds of the total NATO deficit that has to be covered by the United States.Trump had good instincts on this.Read more: American Thinker",0
14208,NATIONAL ENQUIRER ENDORSED TRUMP…Then Dropped YUGE Bombshell: “CRUZ’S 5 SECRET MISTRESSES”,"Unfortunately, in this day and age, it doesn t really matter if the story is true or not. The propaganda driven media, and Americans who hang on their every word (especially the anti-God Left), are so anxious for red meat on one of the top GOP presidential candidates, the story will stick regardless of its validity   Here s Trump s Spokesperson, Katrina Pearson on the tabloid story:What's worse? People who actually believe the trash in tabloids, or the ones who know it's false &spread it anyway? #stupidity on all levels  Katrina Pierson (@KatrinaPierson) March 25, 2016One thing I ve learned from writing about politics for 10 years is that you ll never talk someone out of believing something they really want to believe. (At least you won t if you re a mediocre writer. Maybe great writers are different.) Another thing I ve learned is that there s no way to cover ratf*cking without participating in it. An accusation is made, it reaches a critical mass of public awareness, then you re forced to choose between ignoring a matter of public interest and spreading the accusation by addressing it. It s a testament to how far this has spread already that Cruz himself felt obliged to say something.Here s the National Enquirer story alleging that Cruz has had affairs with at least five women. Wait, let me rephrase: Here s the National Enquirer story alleging that there are  claims  that  private detectives  are investigating affairs with at least five women that Cruz has  supposedly  had. Two possibilities here:1. It s all true. Better men than Cruz have exploited their stature in Washington for sexual conquests. And the Enquirer s been right before about political sex scandals that no one else would touch. As every Trump fan on Twitter will eagerly tell you today, they got the John Edwards story right. Meanwhile, we re still waiting for further details on the 12 mistresses Barack Obama supposedly has. Or how it could be that Hillary Clinton had six months to live six months ago. Or why no major mainstream newspaper has yet exposed the fact that Antonin Scalia was assassinated by a hooker hired by the CIA. Personally, I m more interested in that one than this Cruz business.2. It s a smear. As it turns out, the Enquirer is emphatically pro-Trump. They endorsed him a few weeks ago. He s been friends with the paper s CEO, David Pecker, for years. And this wouldn t be the first time they ve done him a solid by publishing a spoonfed attack on one of his opponents, according to Gabriel Sherman. Supposedly it was Team Trump that handed the Enquirer a story last year about Ben Carson leaving a medical sponge inside a patient. It s also noteworthy, as Cruz himself mentions in the clip, that Trump advisor turned Trump cheerleader Roger Stone is the only quoted source in the Enquirer piece.Whether or not the target denies the claim is unimportant. The point is to plant the possibility that it s true in the audience s minds, knowing that some will believe it. So here we have with the Cruz accusation a publication that s in the tank for Trump, that s allegedly willing to fling sh*t for him, and that s in contact with people renowned for their own willingness and ability to supply sh*t to the media. Could it be that the accusation is sh*t itself?In a weird twist, Trump s own spokeswoman, Katrina Pierson   a former spokeswoman for Cruz   is identified in the Enquirer piece as one of the alleged mistresses via a partially distorted photo that s nonetheless clear enough. Pierson denies any relationship with Cruz:Of course the National Enquirer story is 100% FALSE!!! I only speak to myself, however.Carry on  Katrina Pierson (@KatrinaPierson) March 25, 2016Certain publications were eager to use a supposed threat against Ted Cruz by worldwide hacker group  Anonymous  as proof that he was guilty as charged. A threat from a hacker group  Anonymous  must mean Cruz is guilty right? Unfortunately, the video they re using is not even from the official  Anonymous official  account. How about doing a little homework guys?Here s the video they re using:The publications who are using Billy Anderson s video as proof that Anonymous is threatening Ted Cruz, as a way to prop up Donald Trump, might want to look up a video the OFFICIAL Anonymous account posted about Donald Trump:https://youtu.be/PvCC2qONQFgLastly, before voters fall for a video from Anonymous posted by Billy Anderson (who has only 2 videos on his account) they may want to better understand how Anonymous really feels about the upcoming elections. Here s a clip from their OFFICIAL account:There s a reason these Anonymous masks were frequently seen at Occupy events and most recently at the anti-Trump rally in Chicago. They tend to be worn by anarchists.Via: Hot Air ",0
14209,OBAMA: ‘There’s little difference between communism and capitalism’ [Video],Riiiight just  choose from what works  ,0
14210,“GET USED TO IT”: Obama’s DHS Secretary Says Illegals Are “In Effect” US Citizens! [Video],"Jeh Johnson is supposed to enforce border security but hasn t done so for a looong time. We have waaay more than 11 million illegals in this country thanks to Obama s open border policy. We re in deep trouble and it s not good. Please try and wake your neighbors up by giving them any and all info you can on the invasion of America that s been happening full force since Obama go into office.  Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told an audience today that illegal aliens are  not going away  and are  in effect  US citizens.The nation s top immigration officer said that the  11 million  undocumented aliens in the United States are  not going away,  are  in effect  citizens, and added that deporting the few the administration wants out is unpleasant.Jeh Johnson, secretary of Homeland Security, told Harvard University students this week that the administration is focused on its plan to integrate illegals into America, despite the policy being tied up in court.Johnson said that he plans to be in the front row of the Supreme Court April 18 when the case is discussed.But in the meantime, he is making the case that the illegals here, estimated at a much higher 15.7 million by the Center for Immigration Studies, have essentially become American. The proof: They go to school, have licenses to drive, and can even practice law in California. THIS SHOULD BE CONSIDERED TREASON! SKIP TO THE 25:00 MARK FOR HIS COMMENTS ON ILLEGALS: ",0
14211,WHY PICTURE OF CHE-OBAMA Was Much Worse Than Anyone Imagined,"Oh the irony, of our Nobel-Peace-Prize-Recipient-In-Chief standing in front of a building representing some of the worst oppression and human rights violations in the world. I don t know, maybe it s just me, but does Obama look like he s imitating a certain someone, that he likely holds up as an icon in that photo? Only 273 days One of the first places I visited on a government-sanctioned  educational  tour to Cuba several years back was the Plaza de la Revolucion, a hideous expanse of concrete at the center of Havana that makes, say, Tiananmen Square look positively charming. It was there that President Obama was featured in that now-infamous photo in front of a giant mural of Che Guevara.It was unfortunate that the president lent his imprimatur to Guevara, a totalitarian who was responsible for the death of thousands. But, in some ways, the photo-op was even worse than it looked. Because as we learned on our tour, the building that Guevara s face adorns is home to the Cuban Ministry of the Interior.Unlike our own Ministry of the Interior, Cuba s is not charged with innocuous tasks like protecting endangered waterfowl. Rather, it operates the National Revolutionary Police, which, in addition to keeping law and order on the streets, harasses and arrests dissidents, and suppresses  counter-revolutionary  activities. In other words, it s Cuba s version of the Stasi.President Obama boasted on his trip that he wasn t going to tell Cubans to  tear something down,  a reference to President Reagan s famous exhortation to tear down the Berlin wall. Of course, there s no wall   only ocean   separating Cuba from the rest of the world to tear down. But Obama could have at least told Castro to tear down the monument to repression that he was happily photographed in front of.By ETHAN EPSTEIN  Weekly Standard",0
14212,WORKPLACE MICROAGGRESSION: ISIS Yells “Alluha Akbar” While Accidentally Blowing Themselves Up [VIDEO],Obviously not the smartest cowards in the desert https://youtu.be/QsZN_0barc8h/t Weasel Zippers,0
14213,LIBERAL “The View” HOSTS MOCK HILLARY’S RESPONSE To Brussels Terror Attack…Admit Trump Was Right [VIDEO],Hell begins freeze over Did We Ever Think That Donald Trump Would Be The Voice Of Reason? So which candidate makes you feel more safe Hillary or Trump? ,0
14214,WATCH: HILARIOUS AD Calls Into Question Health Of Aging Clinton Crime Family Bosses,"After watching this telling video, you ll wonder if instead of working so hard to get back into the White House, Hillary s time would be better spent looking into an assisted living situation for her and Bill ",0
14215,"MOOCH CRIES VICTIM (Again) In Speech To Argentinian Girls: “men would whistle at me as I walked down the street, as if my body were their property” [VIDEO]","Ahhh Mooch The perpetual victim. Never mind that 319 million Americans have been victims of her husband s radical, self-serving  policies for the past 7 1/2 years. And never mind that the Obama clan just spent their vacation palling around with communist dictator, Raul Castro, who is currently committing some of the worst human right violations against women in the history of Cuba. Never mind that there are Christian and Yazidi women being raped and sold into a lifetime of sex slavery. Our First Lady would like to use herself as an example of what a  victim  of sexism looks like. How very appropriate First Lady Michelle Obama said she faced harassment from men who used to whistle at her when she was a young woman. As I got older, I found that men would whistle at me as I walked down the street, as if my body were their property, as if I were an object to be commented on instead of a full human being with thoughts and feelings of my own,  Obama said in a speech in Argentina on Wednesday. I began to realize that the hopes I had for myself were in conflict with the messages I was receiving from people around me,  she said at the  Let Girls Learn  initiative.Via: Daily Mail",0
14216,HOW OBAMA IS FORCING POOREST AMERICANS To Fend For Themselves Against Dangerous Criminals Crossing Our Borders,"Is it any wonder Latino Americans are throwing their support behind Donald Trump?Concerned about strange people running through their neighborhood at night, several Hidalgo residents invited a CBS 4 News reporter to stop by   and witness the problem firsthand.Note: Hidalgo is not even listed on the Top 8 Most Dangerous Border Cities In AmericaGraciela Perez said she s concerned about the people who attempt to sneak through her neighborhood every night.Depending on the day, 30 to 50 people pass through the Hidalgo Viejo neighborhood, Perez said. Dogs start barking, waking many residents. We think they are undocumented immigrants and we re scared,  Perez said.  Honestly, we re scared because of what s going on in Mexico.  Via: Valley CentralThe number of arrests made at the border of people from Afghanistan and Pakistan is up significantly this year compared to last, the president of the National Border Patrol Council said when he testified during a House hearing on Tuesday.Brandon Judd, who has also served as a Border Patrol agent for nearly 20 years, also told the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee s Subcommittee on National Security that he has witnessed U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) officials fudge alien apprehension statistics by low-balling the number of  got aways    illegal border-crossers who enter the country but avoid being apprehended by border agents.Judd began by denying what he says is the Obama administration s claim that  the border is more secure today than it s ever been. As a Border Patrol Agent, I will tell you the exact opposite,  Judd said.The Obama administration fails  to give the American public key indicators such as the number of arrests of persons from countries with known terrorist ties or from countries that compete economically with our interests,  he added.To support his claim, Judd pointed to statistics showing that in all of fiscal year 2015, Border Patrol arrested five people from Afghanistan, 57 from Pakistan and 1,327 from China.But that number has surged this year, according to Judd. Already in the first five months of this fiscal year, the United States Border Patrol has arrested 18 from Afghanistan 79 from Pakistan and 619 from the Peoples Republic of China,  the union chief said. Those numbers should alarm everyone and we are seeing a similar trend from other key countries like Albania, Bangladesh and Brazil,  he continued.Judd also pointed to what he said is evidence that drug cartels  are winning. He said that during a visit to a station in the Del Rio Border Patrol sector in south Texas, resource-strapped agents were only able to arrest 47 percent of known border-crossers.He said that out of 157 known entries that week, 74 were arrested, 54 evaded arrest and entered the U.S., 17 evaded arrest and returned to Mexico, and 12 were still unaccounted for. That s a 47 percent arrest rate,  said Judd.  That s not very good. He also highlighted the gaps in border security by citing an email he received on Tuesday from a Border Patrol agent in Arizona pointing to a 10-mile stretch of the border that was unmanned for two days. Criminal cartels were able to go to the fence, cut a hole in the fence, drive two vehicles through that hole and escape. They were able then to put the fence back up and try to hide the cuts that were made,  Judd said. The scariest part of those vehicles entering the United States is we don t know what was in those vehicles,  he explained. And of the border-crossers who have not been apprehended, Judd said  we don t know where they were from. Florida Rep. Ron DeSantis 89% , who chairs the national security subcommittee, also asked Judd whether CBP  might be fudging  its apprehension data. Not only have I heard similar reports, I ve actually seen it,  Judd said, recalling a previous stint as an intelligence officer working at a station on the southern border.He said he received a note from a high-ranking watch commander ordering him to remove numbers from a  got-away  report.Via: Daily Caller ",0
14217,HOW COLLEGES ARE DESTROYING Free Speech: “Emergency counseling sessions” Offered After “TRUMP” Word Was Written On Sidewalk In Chalk,"Terrorism has gripped Europe, America has two Socialist candidates running for President, people who want to kill us are freely flowing into our country, and college students are hyperventilating over chalk drawings with the name of one of the name of one of the most successful business men in America.  As if today s college students didn t already face enough horrors, now the poor kids have to deal with the most gruesome microaggression of all: the T-word.Trump.Yes, hatemongers use the name of the Republican presidential front-runner on campus. Emory University students have even seen  Trump  chalked on sidewalks!The injured kids promptly did the only rational thing: marched on the Georgia school s administrative center, chanting  Stop Hate,  and  You are not listening. Come speak to us, we are in pain. So are we, kids, so are we.The college leaped into action, offering  emergency counseling sessions  as President James Wagner vowed to track down the heartless graffiti-scrawler.Academia has come to this   children who can t bear to share the same ZIP code with anyone who sees the world differently.Via:NYPJim Wagner, the president of the university in Atlanta, met with the protesters and later sent an email to the campus community, explaining, in part,  During our conversation, they voiced their genuine concern and pain in the face of this perceived intimidation.Wagner added that the Freedom of Expression Committee is meeting to address whether the person or people responsible for the chalking were in compliance with Emory s policy. He said that they would debate technical issues, such as whether or not the chalkings were done on appropriate surfaces. However, he believes that the broader concern motivating the protests had to do more with the ideas the chalkings stood for than how they were done. Was it really just a message about a political preference, a candidate preference, or was it a harsher message?  he asked.  And I will tell you, those who met with me were genuine in their concerns that it was the latter. Ultimately, Wagner said he thinks that Emory s Respect for Open Expression Policy, which states that Emory is  committed to an environment where the open expression of ideas and open, vigorous debate and speech are valued, promoted and encouraged,  permits people to  feel as though they have safety in speaking up  and allows administrators to  feel comfortable responding to incidents and concerns like this. However, College senior Alex Reibman believes that the proposed administrative response will prove to be counterproductive. I think the best step forward would be for administrators to engage in discussions with the students,  he said.  They could actually capitalize on this and allow for a better way of freedom of expression. He suggested that administrators consider the possibility of implementing  free speech zones  at Emory, which would allow people to voice their personal opinions and for others to counter those opinions.  Hate speech, whether we like it or not, is a crucial part of free speech,  he said.College freshman Amanda Obando disagreed with Reibman s view, saying that it dismissed the personal experiences of many who felt offended by the chalking. My reaction to the chalking was one of fear,  she said.  I told myself that it was a prank, and that the responsible individual was probably laughing in their room. I told myself that Emory would do something about it.  Via: Emory Wheel",0
14218,OBAMA CRITICIZES SEPARATION OF POWERS: Republicans Imagine I Would Turn The U.S. Into Cuba,"Yes, it s really hard to be a dictator in America Obama obviously doesn t like power to be given to anyone but him. ",0
14219,WOW! DENNIS MILLER NAILS IT: “The GOP is now Chipotle! You’re making your customers sick!” [Video],This is awesome! No words just enjoy! ,0
14220,MOST UNWANTED MAN IN THE WORLD: Argentinians Don’t Want Obama In Their Country…Americans Would Like Him To Stay There,"January 2017 can t come fast enough for America, and for the rest of the world who is 100% FED UP with this freeloading, fascist loving family .For two days President Barack Obama has defied calls from Republicans to cancel his trip to South America and return home in the wake of the terror attacks in Brussels.And now it seems even his guests are sick of having him after dozens of human rights protesters took to the streets of Buenos Aires to demand he leave Argentina.But instead of departing Obama chose to carry on regardless this evening as he attended a glitzy banquet alongside wife Michelle, Argentine President Mauricio Macri and first lady Juliana Awada.The foursome were pictured arriving at the Centro Cultural Kirchner, named after Argentina s former Prime Minister and Marci s predecessor, in the country s capital this evening.The group paused for a photo opportunity on a red carpet with Obama and Marci dressed in suits and Michelle and Awada in glamorous evening dresses.From there they made their way into a leafy candlelit courtyard for champagne, where Obama was pictured clinking glasses with Marci. Meanwhile a few streets away human rights protesters were busy burning American flags and demanding Obama leave the country. The protesters accuse America of backing dictatorial regimes during the Cold War in South America, including in Argentina, and hold the U.S. responsible for the thousands who died or were disappeared under their rule.Today marks the 40th anniversary of the military coup in Argentina that ushered in one of the most oppressive dictatorships in Latin American history, which demonstrators argue makes Obama s visit particularly offensive.Earlier in the day, Obama sought to deflect criticism of his foreign travel in the wake of Belgium s terror attacks, saying the U.S. must show ISIS that it does not have power over its citizens.  We are strong, our values are right. You offer nothing, except death,  Obama said of ISIS.Gesturing in the direction of Argentinian President Mauricio Macri, who was standing to his left at a joint news conference this afternoon in Buenos Aires, Obama said,  It is important for the United States president and the United States government to be able to work with people who are building and who are creating things. We have to make sure that we lift up and stay focused, as well, on the things that are most important to us,  he said.  Because we re on the right side of history.  Via: Daily MailYeah right Barry. ",0
14221,BUSTED! ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTERS Paid To Stir Up Violence At Trump Events,"Craig s list ads offering to pay protesters $16 to stir up violence at Trump events makes us want to puke! What in the world has free speech come to when Hillary Clinton and George Soros via Moveon.org offer to pay people to stop free speech? Pretty shameful! Soros has his hand in the 2016 election and is funding much of the protests against Trump. The guy is just plain evil!The Daily Caller Reported:The Establishment on both the left and the right, who want to disenfranchise the millions of Republican voters who support Donald Trump, have blamed the staged riots near Trump rallies on Trump or on Bernie Sanders. That s like blaming the Russians for the Reichstag Fire. Bernie has little to do with these manufactured protests. This is a Clinton operation, a faux protest.At #CrushTrump NYC, dancing loons think democracy means chanting and dancing, rather than free speech and voting. pic.twitter.com/6DTibaiSiK  Raheem Kassam (@RaheemKassam) March 20, 2016False flag operations have long been common in politics, but these riots are poisonous to the electorate, intentionally designed to turn violent and stifle free speech. Dad tells kids:  look at [Veterans for Trump] in the eye  we re gonna be fighting against them  KKK  #CrushTrump pic.twitter.com/ioENypqcCU  Raheem Kassam (@RaheemKassam) March 19, 2016 This free speech-busting goon squad operation is directed by supporters of Hillary Clinton. It is paid for mostly by George Soros and MoveOn.org and pushed by David Brock at Media Matters for America. It s also funded by reclusive billionaire Jonathan Lewis, who was identified by the Miami New Times as a  mystery man.  He inherited roughly a billion dollars from his father Peter Lewis (founder of Progressive Insurance Company).A march and demonstration against Trump at Trump Tower essentially fizzled Saturday when only 500  protesters  of the promised 5000 showed up. Infiltrating the crowd, I learned most were from MoveOn or the Occupy movement. Soap was definitely in short supply in this crowd. Several admitted answering a Craig s list ad paying $16.00 an hour for protesters.Read more: GP",0
14222,LATINA RESTAURANT OWNER THREATENED After Being Called On Stage At Trump Rally [VIDEO],"After the community found out about the threats she was receiving, they came together in a YUGE way to support her. The Latina Trump supporter actually ran out of food she had such an overwhelming response from people who felt compelled to support her. Another epic back fire from the Soros funded, Obama inspired, anti-Trump agitators Restaurant owner Betty Rivas received abusive and threatening calls after attending a Trump rally with a  Latinos Support Trump  sign.KGUN9 On Your Side went back to visit Sammy s Mexican Restaurant in Catalina after our story aired and the Rivas  family said on Tuesday, they have now become overwhelmed with showings of support. At 7-o-clock, my husband called me and say,  You need to come in and I said,   Why?  said owner Betty Rivas.  I think it happen something bad. But, instead   the flood of customers came for more than just the food. Customers like Rhonda Mikuski   who said, she s been to the restaurant before, but made a special visit today. We just wanted to come by today   more or less -to just show our support that America still exists,  said Mikuski.  People have the right say what they want to say without being threatened. Harry Edmondson said he heard about the drama through the news and Facebook and he felt the need to come by. I don t want her to fail because some people  are meaning to shut free speech down,  Edmondson said.  So, I ll support her But, Rivas said, she did not exercise her right to vote today, saying she was too busy and had not come to a decision on a candidate yet. No, I m still thinking,  Rivas laughed.Or more likely she s scared to death of the Leftist Mafia ",0
14223,TICKING TIME BOMB: Why More Young Muslims In The West Are Sympathizing With Terrorists,"These are statistics are shocking and very telling. Please be sure to share this piece with Hillary voters who support a candidate that welcomes un-vetted  refugees  to America with open arms in the name of diversity. Obama and his regime have been shaming Americans into believing that there is something wrong with us for being suspicious of radicalized Muslims in America. Barack Hussein Obama has gone out of his way to criticize Christianity, going as far back as the Crusades to make a point about Christians committing acts of violence against Muslims. He has also gone out of his way to embrace Islam. Is it any small wonder he is endorsed and adored by one of the most radical Muslims in America,  leader of the Nation of Islam, Louis Farrakhan?  On the back of the Brussels terror attack it is worthwhile remembering that while a majority of Muslims in the West appear to have no truck with terrorism or extremism, there are a significant number who sympathise with terrorism and repeatedly attempt to justify attacks on the West.TERRORISMAn ICM poll from 2006 revealed that 20 per cent of British Muslims sympathised with the 7/7 bombers who brought terror to the streets of the British capital, killing 52 and injuring hundreds. This number rose to one in four British Muslims, according to NOP Research for Channel 4. With a British Muslim population of over 3 million today, that translates to roughly three quarters of a million terror-sympathising people in the UK.The number rises for younger British Muslims   a sure sign that radicalisation through schools, mosques, and prisons (often via Saudi-funded groups) is creating a long-term problem in Europe. Thirty-one per cent of younger British Muslims endorsed or excused the 7/7 bombings of 2005, with just 14 per cent of those over 45 doing so.Here are a few examples of tweets we found last night on Twitter following the Brussels terror attack:A 2013 study found that 16 per cent of young Muslims in Belgium believed that state terrorism is  acceptable,  while 12 per cent of young Muslims in Britain said that suicide attacks against civilians in Britain can be justified.Pew Research from 2007 found that 26 per cent of young Muslims in America believed suicide bombings are justified, with 35 per cent in Britain, 42 per cent in France, 22 per cent in Germany, and 29 per cent in Spain feeling the same way.And Muslims who are more devout or dedicated to Islam are three times more likely to believe that suicide bombings are justified   a harrowing statistic when you consider that 86 per cent of Muslims in Britain  feel that religion is the most important thing in their life. While just 5 per cent of UK Muslims said they would not report a terror attack being planned, the number leaps to 18 per cent amongst young, British Muslims.The anti-police narrative fueled by groups like Black Lives Matter are no doubt contributing to this idea that people should not work with the police, with the British Muslim Youth group recently urging a boycott of police.More recently, in 2015, it was revealed that 45 per cent of British Muslims think that hate preachers that advocate violence against the West represent  mainstream Islam. Forty per cent of British Muslims say they want Sharia law in the West, while 41 per cent oppose it.Despite the fact that  Islamophobia  did not rise after the Paris Attacks, there remains a grievance industry across the Western world which targets young Muslims especially, urging them to feel victimised by Western governments for taking a stance against Islamism   and scarcely a tough stance at that.CRIMINALITYDo these stats explain Obama s rush for a mass release of prisoners before he leaves office?Earlier this year it was reported that one in five prisoners in the United Kingdom s top security jails is now Muslim, a rise of 23 per cent from just five years ago. In total, a 20 per cent increase in the jail population in Britain has been outstripped by the rise in Muslim inmates   up 122 per cent over 13 years.The same disproportionate figures are borne out across the United States, where Pew data from 2011 revealed that Muslims made up 9 per cent of state and federal prisoners though at the time Muslims made up just 0.8 per cent of the U.S. population.In 2008, the Washington Post reported  About 60 to 70 percent of all inmates in [France s] prison system are Muslim, according to Muslim leaders, sociologists and researchers, though Muslims make up only about 12 percent of the country s population. INTEGRATION Despite hundreds of millions of pounds, dollars, and euros spent on integration projects, it appears to be a Sisyphean task   calling into question the rate at which immigration is occurring throughout the Western world and the tolerance with which our societies have operate thus far.The BBC found that 36 per cent of 16 to 24-year-old Muslims believe that if a Muslim converts to another religion they should be punished by death. Thirty five per cent of Muslims say they would prefer to send their children to an Islamic school, and 37 per cent of 16 to 24-year-olds say they want government-funded Islamic schools to send their kids to.The report again highlights the radicalization of the Muslim youth in the West, with 74 per cent of 16 to 24-year-olds preferring Muslim women to wear the veil, compared with only 28 per cent for those over the age of 55. Via: Breitbart News",0
14224,"WOW! BRITISH ACTRESS HAMMERS EU Leaders: “Every one of you who said refugees are welcome, You Are Responsible For Brussels…Europe is ‘Jihadi Central'”","Outspoken British actress and columnist asks brilliant question:  Any mosques lit up in the colors of the Belgian flag?  She is dead on (no pun intended) about these  refugees  flooding Europe and attempting to flood (with the aid of Obama and Democrats like Hillary Clinton) America.KATIE HOPKINS has been told to  show some respect  for those affected by the Brussels terrorist attacks, after blaming what happened on refugees and German chancellor Angela Merkel.Look at you all. Gawping at pictures of death. Fascinated by the chaos you brought to our peaceful countries. You   the left   disgust me.  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) March 22, 2016On a more positive note, the Jihadi's of Brussels just put Donald Trump much closer to the White House.  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) March 22, 2016The controversial columnist said anyone who supported those fleeing war-torn countries was also in the frame for the blasts, which has so far claimed 34 lives.Any mosques lit up in the colours of the Belgium flag? No   thought not. Just celebrations in prayer houses country-wide #ReligionOfMurder  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) March 22, 2016The 41-year-old told her 628,000 Twitter followers:  Next time you hear someone say we are safer IN the EU   remember Brussels. Seen as the heart of Europe, it is now jihadi central. Katie continued:  How can you separate the human from the political. Merkel   and her ilk   blew up Brussels #brexit.How can you separate the human from the political. Merkel   and her ilk- blew up Brussels. #brexit  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) March 22, 2016How about we cut from pics of dead bodies on the Metro   to more boats, happily crossing the Med. liberal left   sh*t at joining the dots  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) March 22, 2016 How about we cut from pics of dead bodies on the Metro   to more boats, happily crossing the Med. Liberal left   s*** at joining the dots. @KTHopkins totally agree xx  Danielle Mason   (@daniellemasonUK) March 22, 2016Katie added:  Every one of you who said refugees are welcome, if you said  let them in . You are responsible for Brussels. And you still can t see. Human traffickers setting up new cargo ship route from Libya to Italy. Are you ready Brussels? Open borders=open season for ISIS #brexit  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) March 22, 2016Her remarks were quickly met by angry users who blasted her for the insensitive tweets. To those of us who thought what @KTHopkins has had to go through recently would open up a shred of humanity, sense or empathy have been disappointed,  one person wrote.Via: Express UK ",0
14225,"MI BOARD OF EDUCATION Will Allow Students To Choose Gender, Bathroom, Locker Room And Even A New Name With No Parental Consent","Every parent in the United States of America should be alarmed by this covert attempt by Board of Education members to essentially tell our kids that their power supersedes that of the parents. Furthermore, this reckless policy of placing same sex kids in bathrooms and locker rooms puts children in danger of being in private spaces with sexual predators and or sexual offenders Make sure to add your comments to the MI Board of Educations HEREMichigan s State Board of Education has drafted a guidance that would push the state s schools to allow all students, regardless of parental or doctoral input, to choose their gender, name, pronouns, and bathrooms.Spearheaded by board president John C. Austin and signed by state superintendent Brian Whiston, the guidance informs Michigan public schools that only the students themselves i.e. not their parents or doctors can determine what their individual gender identities are. The responsibility for determining a student s gender identity rests with the student. Outside confirmation from medical or mental health professionals, or documentation of legal changes, is not needed,  the guidance states.Gender identity is defined in the guidance as  a person s deeply held internal sense or psychological knowledge of their own gender, regardless of the biological sex they were assigned at birth. Notably, the guidance makes no mention of a student s age affecting whether or not they can pick a gender without their parent or doctor.In fact, the guidance seems to intentionally cut parents out of the process.The guidance states:  School staff should address students by their chosen name and pronouns that correspond to their gender identity, regardless of whether there has been a legal name change. Students can even ask to have their chosen name and gender  included in the district s information management systems, in addition to the student s legal name. But what about when school staff members are speaking with parents about their son or daughter?The guidance states that  Transgender and GNC [gender nonconforming] students have the right to decide when, with whom, and to what extent to share private information. Accordingly, the board makes clear,  When contacting the parent/guardian of a transgender or GNC student, school staff should use the student s legal name and the pronoun corresponding to the student s assigned sex at birth, unless the student or parent/guardian has specified otherwise. In other words, a boy named  Jake  could become a girl named  Jane  at school, seemingly without his parents ever knowing.Names, pronouns, and genders aren t the only things the board wants students to choose.The guidance informs schools that  Students should be allowed to use the restroom in accordance with their gender identity. And the board makes clear that single-stall bathrooms are not inclusive enough:  Alternative and non-stigmatizing options, such as an all-gender or singleuser restroom (e.g., staff bathroom or nurse s office), should be made available to students who request them, but not presented as the only option. Locker rooms also should become inclusive of students  many gender identities.  A student should not be required to use a locker room that is incongruent with their gender identity,  the guidance states.  Locker room usage should be determined on a case-by-case basis, using the guiding principles of safety and honoring the student s gender identity and expression. Students who are bothered by having members of the opposite sex in their locker rooms can request  an adjusted changing schedule  or  use of a private area in the facility. The board quietly issued the statement and guidance on February 23rd, without a press release. The public has only until April 11th to comment on the proposed guidance, according to the Department of Education website. The board will finalize the guidance at a meeting on May 10th. Via: Daily Caller ",0
14226,So Much For Brussels Terror Victims…Let’s Play Ball!,"Hey Barry, could you at least have enough respect for the terror victims in Brussels to remove your shades for the interview? President Obama was all smiles this afternoon as he watched an exhibition baseball game between the Tampa Bay Rays and the Cuban national baseball team   just hours after ISIS terrorists killed at least 34 people in Brussels.Settling down with wife Michelle, daughters Sasha and Malia and Cuban dictator Raul Castro, Obama appeared carefree as he enjoyed the game   ignoring calls to cut short his historic trip to return to Washington and lead the response.Indeed, despite criticism that he only devoted one minute of his speech earlier in the day to the Belgian atrocities, Obama took the time to give a somewhat surreal 15-minute interview to ESPN about the threat posed by ISIS   keeping his $500 shades on throughout the spot.Here is Obama s surreal interview with ESPN:After observing a moment of silence for the hundreds of victims, a relaxed Obama said,  This is just one more example of why the entire world needs to unite against these terrorists. When asked by ESPN why he had not returned to Washington, the president said to do so would show the terrorists they have the power to disrupt. It s always a challenge when you have a terrorist attack anywhere in the world, particularly in this age of 24/7 news coverage,  said the president.  You want to be respectful and understand the gravity of the situation, but the whole premise of terrorism is to try to disrupt people s ordinary lives. Recalling what he called one of his proudest memories during his time as president, the reaction of Boston Red Sox  David Ortiz after the Boston bombings in April 2013, Obama said he felt the hitter spoke for the nation when he said,  This is our f**king city and nobody is going to dictate our freedom. Probably the only time America didn t have a problem with somebody cursing on live TV was when he talked about Boston and how strong it was and wasn t gonna be intimidated,  Obama said. That is the kind of resilience and the kind of strength that we have to continually show in the face of these terrorists. They cannot defeat America. The president then offered his  thoughts and prayers  to those affected by the terror attacks.Communist human rights violated Raul Castro wasn t able to release any political prisoners, but he was able to release doves at the  historic  baseball game with Comrade Obama Doves released from centerfield stands ahead of Rays-Cuba game pic.twitter.com/kVEJHjfyxn  Edward-Isaac Dovere (@IsaacDovere) March 22, 2016Just after the game ended and Air Force One took off for Argentina for a two-day stint, the president ordered all federal flags to be flown at half mast as a mark of respect for those who were killed in Tuesday morning s attacks.Prior to his interview with ESPN, Obama had faced calls from Ted Cruz, Donald Trump and John Kasich to leave Cuba and return to the states.Meet the new Che  We can only  hope  he retires there.Shepard Fairey mock-up for sale in Havana: Yes We Came pic.twitter.com/TgiHAvYqsu  Edward-Isaac Dovere (@IsaacDovere) March 23, 2016The president did not heed their advice. He dedicated a brief portion of a planned speech to the attacks and went on about his day.Here s Obama and his new bestie doing the  wave https://twitter.com/BKcolin/status/712342816685494273He met Cuban dissidents at the U.S. Embassy in Havana, then made his way to watch the baseball in casual khaki pants, white shirt, no tie, and sunglasses. Via: Daily Mail ",0
14227,BELGIUM’S POLITICAL LEADER Michaël Modrikamen Makes Powerful Video Endorsing Donald Trump…WARNS Against Muslim Migrant Invasion: “America should not become another Brussels”,"This video was published on March 11, 2016, exactly 11 days before the terror attack took place in Brussels. Micha l Modrikamen, president of the Peoples Party in Belgium says he fully supports Donald Trump. He asked Trump to  make America great again  and warned Americans about not becoming another Brussels:  It was once a vibrant, entrepreneurial, joyful, peaceful city. That was before. Brussels is becoming a third world city with a majority of Muslim migrants within 10-15 years according to demographic studies.This situation is being aggravated by the current migrant system.  Message from BRUSSELS. I support Donald Trump !Message from BRUSSELS. I support Donald Trump !Posted by Mischa l Modrikamen on Friday, 11 March 2016",0
14228,"IS RESIGNATION OF FBI DIRECTOR IMMINENT, As Obama Appears To Be Protecting Hillary From Prosecution?","FBI insiders are spreading the word, Hillary Clinton deliberately broke the law and charges are warranted. However, there is little confidence the Obama administration will actually indict her.Hillary Clinton broke the law, knowingly sending and receiving classified information on a private server, according to FBI insiders. However, this isn t the right question. Instead, the right question is, why are FBI insiders spreading rumors?The answer is because they do not think the political establishment will play its role in any case, leaving Hillary Clinton to get away with thumbing her nose at the law. Via: Catholic OnlineAccording to the Daily Mail   Any evidence that the FBI uncovered has still not been made public.The government says no final decision has been made, however the case is clearly progressing as Clinton aide Bryan Pagliano, who worked on her private server, was granted immunity by the Justice Department earlier this month. You don t start granting people close to Clinton immunity unless you are seriously looking at charges against your target,  one of Gasparino s sources said.Clinton has publicly said that using a private email account attached to a homebrew server was a  mistake.  Mainly  because it s caused all this uproar and commotion. As FBI director, however, Comey can only recommend charges to the Justice Department, led by Obama appointee, Attorney General Loretta Lynch.Insiders told the New York Post that evidence would have to be  overwhelming  for Comey to make such recommendations and for Obama s Justice Department to pursue them.But agents also suggest that the investigation is solid enough for Comey to quit if the Justice Department doesn t listen to him on the matter of Clinton.Barack Obama s decision to publicly ask donors to support Hillary speaks volumes about his decision to back her as the Democrat Party s Presidential candidate. Barack s former AG, Eric Holder s endorsement of Hillary Clinton is further proof that Hillary has the full backing of this corrupt administration:Eric Holder    I think what people have to understand is that what we have to do is protect the Obama legacy. We ve made really substantial progress in the last eight years   it ll be eight years at the end of 2016   and the question is who is best situated to protect that legacy and not let the progress that we have made get rolled back. And there is no question that there are going to be attempts to roll back the Affordable Care Act, they sent [President Obama] a bill the week before last that he had to veto. There will certainly be efforts to counter the executive actions that he s taken on immigration issues, when it comes to gun safety issues and his foreign policy. You need somebody who s got a record on those issues that s consistent with the positions that the president took, and Hillary Clinton is that person, there s no question. They are in lockstep when it comes to gun safety issues. Sen. [Bernie] Sanders, quite frankly, is not. So to the extent that people are a bit of a nostalgic, wistful feeling, I think that ought to be converted into a concern for the future and for the preservation of all the great work that President Obama and his administration did. Here s the only clear record that Hillary has to show for her decades of  public service : ",0
14229,"WATCH: MUSLIM MAYOR Of Rotterdam, Holland To Muslim Immigrants, “If you can’t accept freedom, f*ck off”","Freedom is under attack across the globe. Radical Muslims are committing horrendous acts of violence against innocent people around the world. Meanwhile, the Left demands we don t identify the faith of the terrorists, for fear of offending them. It s time to fight back America. The Netherlands, France, and the Uk are our future.Moroccan born Mayor of Rotterdam, Ahmed Aboutaleb grew up in a very poor family. His family came to Holland at the age of 15. He has no tolerance for liberals who try to justify the violent actions of  poor  Muslims. He has taken a hard line in the city of Rotterdam, which has been overrun with Muslim migrants who have no intention of assimilating. Here is his open, honest and some would say stunning response to the Muslims who attacked the Charlie Hebdoe publication in Paris:https://youtu.be/Jped8eVIZoEMayor Aboutaleb is not the only one speaking out against the Muslim invasion of the Netherlands.Geert Wilders, Party for Freedom leader in the Netherlands appears on trial against free speech for speaking the truth about the invasion of Muslim migrants in the Netherlands who refuse to assimilate. He has been chased down and has had his life threatened by radical Muslims for the past 11 years. His story should send shockwaves through America, but alas, our media does everything they can to ignore his message. Those in the media who highlight him, do it in such a way as to make him out to be a villain and hater, much like they have tried to do to Donald Trump for saying we need to stop the flow of Muslim migrants into America until we can properly vet them.Watch Geert Wilders chilling  Orwellian  testimony here:Here is an example of the hate and vitriol Geert Wilders, the brave leader of the Freedom Party in the Netherlands is facing on a regular basis: ",0
14230,IN A SHOW OF WEAKNESS…Obama Will NOT Provide THIS List Of POLITICAL Prisoners To Human Rights Violator Raul Castro,"Obama s trip to Cuba is despicable, embarrassing and heart-breaking for so many survivors and relatives of survivors who are still living under the evil Communist dictatorship of Raul Castro President Barack Obama told ABC News anchor David Muir in an exclusive interview today in Havana, Cuba, that he had not yet given President Ra l Castro a list of dissidents, which the Cuban leader seemed to request during a news conference earlier today.In the joint news conference, Obama and Castro clashed on the issue of human rights in Cuba, with the Cuban leader denying knowledge of any political prisoners in the island nation. What political prisoners? Give me a name, or names, or after this meeting is over you can give me a list of political prisoners and if we have those political prisoners they will be released before tonight ends,  Castro said. Via: Weasel Zippers and ABC NewsHere s the List Obama. Why not give it to him? Or do you have your sights set on finding a way to bring NJ State Trooper and iconic Black Panther figure, Assanta Shakur back to the US as a free women?Here is the very popular t-shirt worn by Black Lives Matter protesters. Cop killers are apparently all the rage in Obama s fight for justice. From the FBI s Most Wanted List: CAUTION Joanne Chesimard is wanted for escaping from prison in Clinton, New Jersey, while serving a life sentence for murder. On May 2, 1973, Chesimard, who was part of a revolutionary extremist organization known as the Black Liberation Army, and two accomplices were stopped for a motor vehicle violation on the New Jersey Turnpike by two troopers with the New Jersey State Police. At the time, Chesimard was wanted for her involvement in several felonies, including bank robbery. Chesimard and her accomplices opened fire on the troopers. One trooper was wounded and the other was shot and killed execution-style at point-blank range. Chesimard fled the scene, but was subsequently apprehended. One of her accomplices was killed in the shoot-out and the other was also apprehended and remains in jail.",0
14231,"OBAMA LIES ABOUT Number Of Troops On Ground In Iraq…FLASHBACK, OBAMA 2009: [Video] “After nearly nine years, America’s war in Iraq will be over.”","It was more important for Obama to keep a pledge to his leftist donors, than to secure the nation of Iraq before pulling out our troops. And then there s that one little detail rarely discussed in liberal circles, Obama wanted to leave troops behind but the Iraqi government threatened Our Pansy In Chief that they would not give our US troops immunity in their courts. Thus, the master negotiator put his tail between their legs and scooted out of Iraq, bringing our brave men and women in uniform with him Oct. 2011- The U.S. is leaving behind a  sovereign, stable and self-reliant Iraq, with a representative government. -Barack Huessein ObamaObama claimed it was a  moment of success. The U.S. military has around 5,000 service members in Iraq, officials said on Monday, far more than previously reported, as the Obama administration quietly expands ground operations against the Islamic State.The number of American forces in Iraq has come under increased scrutiny following the death over the weekend of a Marine staff sergeant, the second combat casualty in renewed U.S. operations in Iraq. He was killed when militants launched rockets at a small U.S. base around the city of Makhmour. The existence of the Marine detachment had not been known prior to Staff Sgt. Louis F. Cardin s death.Officials at the Pentagon have declined to specify how Marines are serving at the outpost in northern Iraq, which they described as a satellite base positioned to protect American trainers at a nearby, larger base. Their presence in Iraq highlights the use of forces from Navy ships already in the Middle East. Via: Washington PostObama, Oct. 21, 2011:In a brief appearance at the White House, Mr Obama said:  Today I can report that, as promised, the rest of our troops in Iraq will come home by the end of the year. After nearly nine years, America s war in Iraq will be over. The remaining 40,000 US troops in Iraq, would, he said,  definitely be home for the holidays .He conspicuously declined to repeat the mistake of his predecessor George W Bush, who started the war in March 2003 and displayed a  Mission Accomplished  banner six weeks later, only for Iraq to descend into years of insurgency and sectarian violence that has claimed at least 100,000 civilian lives.Mr Obama however asserted that the  United States is moving forward from a position of strength . The last American soldier will cross the border out of Iraq with their head held high, proud of their service,  he said.The president stressed that he was meeting a withdrawal deadline reached earlier with the Iraqis, as well as keeping a pledge made as a candidate in 2008 to wind down the controversial war as fast as possible.But his statement masked the fact that his administration had wanted to keep a residual force of 4-5,000 beyond the end of the year in a training capacity that would also have acted as a prohibitive presence to neighboring Iran.Despite months of discussions however, it failed to win a continued guarantee of immunity for US troops from prosecution from the Iraqi government. Via: Telegraph",0
14232,OBAMA RACES TO SET GITMO TERRORISTS FREE…Leaves Servicemen Punished For Making “Heat-of-the-battle decisions that saved lives” In Fort Leavenworth,"It s hard to imagine a President who could be more anti-American and more pro-terror than Barack Hussein Obama. And then my mind drifts to Hillary and Benghazi The Obama administration is emptying the military s Guantanamo Bay detention facility of avowed terrorists captured fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq, but several American service members languish in another military prison for actions on those same battlefields that their supporters say merit clemency, if not gratitude.Among the prison population at Fort Leavenworth, in Kansas, are remaining members of the so-called  Leavenworth 10,  convicted service members doing terms ranging from 10 to 40 years for heat-of-the-battle decisions their supporters say saved American lives.[quote_box_center] The very people who protect our freedoms and liberties are having their own freedoms and liberties taken away,  said retired U.S. Army Col. Allen West, a former congressman and political commentator.  I think it s appalling and no one is talking about this issue. [/quote_box_center]The  Leavenworth 10  is the name given to a fluctuating number of men housed at Leavenworth for actions in Iraq and Afghanistan that their supporters say were justified. Over the years, a handful have been paroled, and more have been incarcerated.Among the more well-known cases is that of Army First Lt. Clint Lorance, who is serving a 20-year sentence for ordering his men to shoot two suspected Taliban scouts in July 2012 in the Kandahar Province of Afghanistan. Lorance had just taken command of the platoon after the prior leader and several others were killed days before. The Taliban suspects were on motorcycles and matched descriptions given by a pilot who flew over the area earlier and spotted them as scouts.A Facebook page devoted to Lorance s case has drawn more than 12,000 likes, and supporters have launched a website, FreeClintLorance.com, dedicated to winning his release. A WhiteHouse.gov petition calling for Lorance to be pardoned garnered nearly 125,000 signatures, but the White House has not taken action.Critics say Lorance was given a military trial, and his conviction was based in large part on the testimony of men serving under him.It was September of 2010 when Sgt. Derrick Miller of Maryland, on a combat mission in a Taliban-held area of Afghanistan, was warned the unit s base had been penetrated. An Afghan suspected of being an enemy combatant was brought to Miller for interrogation and wound up dead. Miller claimed the suspect tried to grab his gun and that he shot him in self-defense. But he was convicted and sentenced to life in prison.U.S. Army Master Sgt. John Hatley   a highly decorated, 20-year vet who served in Operation Desert Storm and did another three tours during the Iraq War   also is serving a life sentence at Leavenworth. His conviction stems from an April, 2007, incident in Iraq in which he and his unit captured enemies following a firefight. He radioed a U.S. detention facility to notify officials he was bringing in four prisoners, but was ordered to let them go, according to his legal team.Two years later, a sergeant who had served with Hatley, Jesse Cunningham, was facing charges for assaulting another officer and falling asleep at his post. As leverage for a plea deal, he told investigators that Hatley and two other officers had taken the insurgents to a remote location, blindfolded them and shot each in the back of the head. He claimed their bodies were dumped in a canal, though none was ever found.Hatley, now 47, insists he and his men let the insurgents go, but believes he was punished in the interest of the government s relations with Baghdad. When concerns over appeasing a foreign country are allowed to interfere with justice for the purpose of the U.S. government or the military demonstrating that we, the military or the U.S. government will hold our soldiers accountable using a fatally flawed military judicial system, it doesn t matter what the truth is; it matters only that there is only the appearance of the truth,  he wrote in a message to supporters posted on freeJohnHatley.com.Law experts say military service members face a daunting task once accused of committing crimes in the heat of war. Killing on the battlefield is not the same as [a police officer] killing someone on the streets,  Dan Conway, an attorney who specializes in military law, told FoxNews.com.  When a cop uses force, there s a line of duty investigation. When a soldier uses force, it is investigated as criminal, and non-infantry investigators handle the case, many who have no combat experience. If you had experts handling the investigation, you d have much more balance,  he added.While the military rightly holds its soldiers to a high standard of justice, detainees housed at Guantanamo Bay have been freed even with no mitigating circumstances or reasonable belief of rehabilitation. The release of Gitmo detainees began during the presidency of George W. Bush in 2005 when nearly 200 detainees were released before any tribunals were held.According to a March 2015 memo released by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, of the 647 detainees transferred or released, 17.9 percent were confirmed of re-engaging in extremist activity with another 10.7 percent suspected of doing the same. Via: FOX News",0
14233,WATCH CROWD AT PRO-ISRAEL Conference Go WILD When Trump Mentions Obama’s Last Year In Office,"Now for the big question,  Will the people going crazy in the audience for Trump be able to force their hand over into the  R  column, when it comes to voting in November?  It s worth noting that 78% of Jews in America voted for Obama in 2008.The AIPAC Policy Conference is the pro-Israel community s preeminent annual gathering. The event attracts more than 16,000 community and student activists from all 50 states.Here are a few nuggets from his speech: Donald Trump:  Obama may be the worst thing that ever happened to Israel. When I become president the days of treating Israel like a second class citizen will end on Day 1. HIllary Clinton, the former Secretary of State, was a disaster by the way. https://youtu.be/L3yQvUs9RVgThe pro-Israel crowd gave Donald Trump his longest standing ovation for reminding them this is Obama s last year.  Yay!  Via: Gateway Pundit",0
14234,EMBARRASSING PICTURE SHOWS GIDDY OBAMA BOWING To Communist Cuban Dictator Raul Castro,"He skips Nancy Reagan and Antonin Scalia s funerals. He pretends not to notice that police officers are being randomly killed across America. But give our Pulitzer Peace Prize recipient a horrendous human rights violator and watch him bow in deep respect.Lest we forget the first time we saw him bow to the Saudi King:And what trip to Cuba would be complete without a picture of our Community Agitator in Chief in front of the repulsive, murderous, revolutionary Che Guevara:Mr. President, you're a disgrace. pic.twitter.com/CNRZk1dm3w  Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) March 21, 2016Only eight more months before this jack-ass is out of our White House for good h/t Weasel Zippers",0
14235,“YOU’RE HIRED!” Trump Pulls Unemployed Vet From Audience And Hires Her On The Spot,"No matter which candidate you support, this moment on the campaign trail is pretty awesome. Trump has said he wants to support our veterans in a big way if elected. He showed he s a man of his word when he plucked a veteran from the crowd and hired her. Instead of his catchphrase  you re fired,  Mr. Trump told the previously homeless black woman,  You re hired. Just when you think the 2016 presidential race can t get more surreal, Donald Trump reprised his role from the hit realty TV show  The Apprentice  at Washington press conference Monday and plucked an unemployed veteran out of the audience for an impromptu job interview.It was yet another unexpected twist in Mr. Trump s unconventional run that has defied the pundits, confounded the GOP establishment and made him the front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination.Mr. Trump summoned the Washington press corps to the under-construction Trump International Hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue, just blocks from the White House. He said the one way or another he s coming to the nation s capital.The billionaire businessman boasted that the hotel, which is being refurbished from the city s historic Old Post Office building, was being restored to the  highest level,  with luxurious suites and the largest ballroom in Washington.He said the hotel would open ahead of schedule and under budget in September.When hands went up from reporters gathered in the cavernous atrium where the hotel lobby was being built, Mr. Trump called on Alicia Watkins. HERE S THE ENCOUNTER BETWEEN TRUMP AND MS. WATKINS: Ms. Watkins, 38, a former Air Force staff sergeant who survived the 9/11 attack on the Pentagon and served in Iraq and Afghanistan, was at the press conference as a freelance writer working on an article about jobs for veterans.She briefly described her situation and complimented Mr. Trump s stance of expanding employment opportunities for veterans, and then asked if the hotel would be part of a jobs program. We are doing some of that. What are you looking for, what kind of position,  Mr. Trump asked, and then invited her to come to the podium.Pleased with her response, Mr. Trump directed her to one of his company s executives to work out a employment deal. If we can make a good deal on the salary, she s going to probably have this job,  said the real estate tycoon.Asked why he did the on-the-spot job interview, Mr. Trump said that he  felt good about her. It s a gut instinct,  he said.  I have instincts about people. Read more of this incredible story at: Washington Times ",0
14236,WATCH BILL CLINTON Say Hello To The Darkness [Video],Former President Bill Clinton made a campaign appearance with former Congresswoman Gabbie Giffords and her astronaut husband. It s been reported lately that Bill just isn t himself shaking and rail thin. This is yet another bizarre moment we thought we d share: ,0
14237,"COMMIE OBAMA BASHES AMERICA: “I personally would not disagree,” with Raul Castro’s criticism of America.” [Video]",Wow! We REALLY do have a serious problem with this anti-American jackhole of a president! ,0
14238,GEORGE WASHINGTON PROFESSOR On Soros Activists Shutting Down Roads: Why It’s Time To Start “Suing the Bastards”,"Americans better start fighting back against these people who are shutting down our public roads by hitting these thugs where it really hurts in their wallets. Otherwise, we will continue to see increased violence that is being blamed on pro-Trump supporters in the media Anti-Trump activists who protested his planned appearance in Arizona today by blocking a limited access highway and creating a  traffic nightmare  with  cars backed up for miles  [N.Y. Daily News] could be sued in class action law suits for massive damages modeled after suits filed against those who similarly illegally blocked traffic at the George Washington Bridge, and judgments against other illegal protesters, says public interest law professor John Banzhaf.With the mainstream media continuing to blame Trump supporters for the efforts of their opponents to shut down their free speech rights, it may be time to adopt the tactics the left favors to get its way: lawsuits. That s the suggestion of John Banzhaf, a George Washington University law professor who defies categorization politically but is often labeled a  gadfly.   He explains:Anti-Trumpers Block Highway; Face Class Actions For DamagesSuits Filed re Blocked GW Bridge Provide Precedenthttps://t.co/LN17FGakCw  John Banzhaf (@ProfBanzhaf) March 19, 2016Why and How to Sue Anti-Trump Protesters and Other Disruptors""Sue The Disruptors"" More Effective Than Criminal Lawhttps://t.co/9MMiZtE5wq  John Banzhaf (@ProfBanzhaf) March 21, 2016As Banzhaf had predicted and later helped inspire, two different class action law suits seeking millions in civil damages were brought by persons stuck in the massive traffic jams at NYC s GW Bridge which were illegally caused by former aides to Governor Chris Christie.Suing protesters    Suing the Bastards    may be the most effective way to help deter illegal protests, says Banzhaf, noting that slap-on-the-wrist criminal fines usually aren t very effective, especially since it sometimes also helps give illegal protesters a soap box to air their grievances in criminal trials.The lead protester who chained her neck to a pickup truck was George Soros paid operative, Jacinta Gonzalez from New Orleans.But the tide may already be turning, says Banzhaf, citing these examples.When other groups see that the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society has been forced to pay $2.55 million to Japanese companies for illegally using acid and smoke bombs to disrupt their whaling, they may think twice before blocking traffic to advance their agenda, says Banzhaf, who has promoted the idea   and the very slogan   of  Suing the Bastards  when the law is broken.In another example, a student who illegally chained himself to some construction equipment because he opposed an oil pipeline was forced to pay out big bucks for his criminal conduct.As NPR reported it, he was apparently ready to accept a relatively painless conviction for trespass, but not to pay the pipeline company $39,000 in restitution.Similarly, eleven protesters who allegedly engaged in illegal activities at the Mall of American are facing restitution claims from the City of Bloomington.In these and many similar situations, protesters are often willing to accept a small misdemeanor fine and conviction for a chance to focus attention on their cause, especially if it means they get to have a criminal trial which generates even more publicity for them and for their grievance, argues Banzhaf.While most of these actions against criminal protesters have been brought by businesses, there s no reason why similar legal actions cannot also be brought by any person falsely imprisoned on that Arizona highway   as was the case with one of the two GW-Bridge suits.Using the threat of legal actions is a far better and more American way of deterring illegal protests than engaging in physical violence against them, as some Trump supporters have apparently already done, says Banzhaf.Via: PRLOG",0
14239,CRIMINAL HILLARY CLINTON BASHES TRUMP: “He has no business being our president” [Video],"This is a pretty ironic statement for someone who s in big trouble with the FBI! In fact, it s been reported today that the FBI is getting closer to a devastating decision fro Clinton. If you ask me, Hillary has no business bring president! ",0
14240,"AZ POLICE OFFICER Goes To Trump Rally…Shocked At Anti-Trump Protesters Behavior: “Most hateful, evil people that I’ve ever seen”","This police officer is a class act. He went to the Trump rally just to check it out and see what he had to say. He was expecting Trump to be  a lot more radical than he was.  He came in being an undecided voter and left being a Trump supporter. His story mirrors our Trump rally story in Sterling Heights, MI. The people inside the rally waited a long time to see Trump and the room was becoming very hot and uncomfortable. The people in attendance who were there to really hear what he had to say were very respectful of each other. It wasn t until the planted (and likely paid) protesters started screaming at people leaving the event that things got ugly.Brandon Tatum, an officer in the Tucson Police Department, shared a video Saturday night giving his perspective on Donald Trump s campaign rally in Tucson, Arizona   and the disruptive protesters who hurled obscenities at the Republican candidate.Tatum says that as a black man, he did not feel unsafe around Trump s supporters but was ready to fight protesters in self-defense. He calls them the most hateful, evil people he has ever seen. The demonstrators, who he recalls chanting the phrase  Black lives matter,  used profane language and gestures, leading a mother to cover her child s ears.My experience at Donald Trump s rally in Tucson, AZ. #PressPlayPosted by Brandon Tatum on Saturday, 19 March 2016",0
14241,OBAMA FAMILY AND 40 CONGRESSIONAL MOOCHERS Arrive In Cuba [Video],"Obama and family arrived in Cuba today but little did we know that 40 MOOCHERS were joining the First Family. The usual moochers came along: tax evader Charlie Rangel, Commie Dick Durbin, womanizer Mark Sanford, racist Sheila Jackson Lee and the other Democrats that you would think don t care about spending your money like a drunken sailor. According to the White House Press, this is the biggest delegation to travel with Obama EVER. So he s going out with a bang using our bucks! The tab for this trip will be HUGE! It goes without saying that this is way over the top and totally unnecessary.HERE S VIDEO OF THE OBAMA FAMILY GETTING OFF OF THE PLANE IN CUBA   NOTE THAT RAUL CASTRO WASN T THERE: If one of the 40 below is your  representative , you might want to send a note or call to complain about the wasteful spending of your hard earned money. ",0
14242,WATCH: HOLLYWOOD ACTOR SCOTT BAIO…All In For TRUMP: ‘We Need Somebody to Relentlessly Attack Hillary’,"Add one more name to the growing list of celebrities who are brave enough to speak out and risk their careers for the sake their country.Scott Baio has added his name to the list of celebrities who are getting behind Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump.The actor revealed his endorsement of Trump to Fox News  Judge Jeanine Pirro on Saturday, calling himself  fed up  with the Republican party. When asked why he supports Trump, Baio, who identifies as a conservative independent, said Trump  communicates with people very well. https://youtu.be/Yxv7rEnf-a0 It s very simple, because when he speaks I understand him,  Baio said.  He speaks like I speak, he communicates with people very well. I want him, as any one person can do, to go into Washington and blow it up. The  Charlies in Charge,   Happy Days  and  Joanie Loves Chachi  actor went on to say that the right needs someone to  relentlessly  take on democrat Hillary Clinton. They re going to attack whomever the Republican nominee is,  he said.  We need somebody to relentlessly, relentlessly attack Hillary. It s the only way we re going to win. I m trying to be a classy guy, but to win elections nowadays, the Democrats and liberals attack viciously. Baio also slammed the Republican party, telling Pirro that it  lie and conned and B.S.ed  him. He s only the latest celebrity voicing support for Trump, joining Ted Nugent, Jon Voight, Kid Rock, Aaron Carter, Willie Robertson and Stephen Baldwin. Meanwhile, stars including Johnny Depp and Louis C.K. have spoken out against him. Via: Variety",0
14243,GEORGE SOROS BOARD MEMBER Is Chairman Of Firm Running Voting For Utah’s Caucus On Tuesday,"George Soros seems to be sticking his nose into everything to do with the 2016 election. Now we have the chairman of the firm responsible for the online voting on Tuesday involved with Soros. He s a board member of Soros s Open Society Foundation. How in the world could the Republicans let this happen? It makes you think the Republican party is in the camp of the Dems. This is NOT good! Smartmatic Group, an electronic voting firm whose worldwide headquarters is located in the United Kingdom, will be running the online balloting process in the Utah Republican Open Caucuses on Tuesday.The chairman of Smartmatic s board, Lord Mark Malloch-Brown, currently serves on the board of George Soros s Open Society Foundation and has close ties to the billionaire.The Wall Street Journal dubbed the Republican party s online adventure on Tuesday as  one of the biggest online votes conducted so far in the U.S.  and the  largest experiment with online presidential voting since 2004, when Michigan allowed Democrats to vote in a party caucus via the Internet. Utah residents will have the option of casting ballots in the Republican presidential contest using computers, tablets, and smartphones next week.  Online  polls  will be open between 7:00 a.m. and 11 p.m. on March 22. Voters will get a receipt that will verify that their vote was recorded correctly. The state party declined to release the number of online voter registrations that it has received.  We expect all the jurisdictions across the U.S. to take notice and to look at this experience as something to study and, hopefully, follow,  said Antonio Mugica, founder and chief executive of Smartmatic Group, an election-equipment vendor that is running the Utah election.Mugica addressed security concerns about online voting, telling the Journal that Smartmatic has security protocols and backups of the election data should a recount be needed. He said he wasn t aware of any security breaches.The Journal did not cite the biography of Malloch-Brown, chairman of Smartmatic s board. That biography is posted openly on Smartmatic s website, and shows close associations between Malloch-Brown and Soros, a major donor to the Democratic Party and hundreds of liberal and radical-left groups.The bio states:Mark Malloch-Brown is a former number two in the United Nations as well as having served in the British Cabinet and Foreign Office. He now sits in the House of Lords and is active both in business and in the non-profit world. He also remains deeply involved in international affairs.Mark served as Deputy Secretary-General and Chief of Staff of the UN under Kofi Annan. For six years before that he was Administrator of the UNDP, leading the UN s development efforts around the world. He was later Minister of State in the Foreign Office, covering Africa and Asia, and was a member of Gordon Brown s cabinet.Other positions have included vice-chairman of George Soros s Investment Funds, as well as his Open Society Institute, a Vice-President at the World Bank and the lead international partner at Sawyer Miller, a political consulting firm. He also has served as Vice-Chairman of the World Economic Forum. He began his career as a journalist at The Economist.Besides formerly serving as vice-chairman of Soros s Investment Funds and the billionaire s Open Society Institute, Malloch-Brown is currently a global board member of Soros s Open Society Foundation.Read more: Breitbart",0
14244,GEORGE SOROS BOARD MEMBER  Is Chairman Of Firm Running Voting For Utah’s Caucus On Tuesday,"George Soros seems to be sticking his nose into everything to do with the 2016 election. Now we have the chairman of the firm responsible for the online voting on Tuesday involved with Soros. He s a board member of Soros s Open Society Foundation. How in the world could the Republicans let this happen? It makes you think the Republican party is in the camp of the Dems. This is NOT good! Smartmatic Group, an electronic voting firm whose worldwide headquarters is located in the United Kingdom, will be running the online balloting process in the Utah Republican Open Caucuses on Tuesday.The chairman of Smartmatic s board, Lord Mark Malloch-Brown, currently serves on the board of George Soros s Open Society Foundation and has close ties to the billionaire.The Wall Street Journal dubbed the Republican party s online adventure on Tuesday as  one of the biggest online votes conducted so far in the U.S.  and the  largest experiment with online presidential voting since 2004, when Michigan allowed Democrats to vote in a party caucus via the Internet. Utah residents will have the option of casting ballots in the Republican presidential contest using computers, tablets, and smartphones next week.  Online  polls  will be open between 7:00 a.m. and 11 p.m. on March 22. Voters will get a receipt that will verify that their vote was recorded correctly. The state party declined to release the number of online voter registrations that it has received.  We expect all the jurisdictions across the U.S. to take notice and to look at this experience as something to study and, hopefully, follow,  said Antonio Mugica, founder and chief executive of Smartmatic Group, an election-equipment vendor that is running the Utah election.Mugica addressed security concerns about online voting, telling the Journal that Smartmatic has security protocols and backups of the election data should a recount be needed. He said he wasn t aware of any security breaches.The Journal did not cite the biography of Malloch-Brown, chairman of Smartmatic s board. That biography is posted openly on Smartmatic s website, and shows close associations between Malloch-Brown and Soros, a major donor to the Democratic Party and hundreds of liberal and radical-left groups.The bio states:Mark Malloch-Brown is a former number two in the United Nations as well as having served in the British Cabinet and Foreign Office. He now sits in the House of Lords and is active both in business and in the non-profit world. He also remains deeply involved in international affairs.Mark served as Deputy Secretary-General and Chief of Staff of the UN under Kofi Annan. For six years before that he was Administrator of the UNDP, leading the UN s development efforts around the world. He was later Minister of State in the Foreign Office, covering Africa and Asia, and was a member of Gordon Brown s cabinet.Other positions have included vice-chairman of George Soros s Investment Funds, as well as his Open Society Institute, a Vice-President at the World Bank and the lead international partner at Sawyer Miller, a political consulting firm. He also has served as Vice-Chairman of the World Economic Forum. He began his career as a journalist at The Economist.Besides formerly serving as vice-chairman of Soros s Investment Funds and the billionaire s Open Society Institute, Malloch-Brown is currently a global board member of Soros s Open Society Foundation.Read more: Breitbart",0
14245,UNFORGIVABLE! PENTAGON WITHHELD $78 MILLION From Wounded Veteran’s Pay,"Is there a greater crime that we, as a nation can commit than to not take care of those who sacrificed so much for our freedom and the national security of the United States?The Pentagon has been deducting money erroneously from combat-wounded veterans  severance pay for 25 years, an error officials knew about for years and that might have affected upwards of 13,000 troops, according to lawmakers and a veterans advocacy group.Now lawmakers are trying to return the money   estimated to be $78 million   through a bi-partisan bill introduced Thursday.Federal law prohibits taxation of the lump sum disability severance paid to troops who separate from service after combat-related injuries. But the pay system used by the Department of Defense has been automatically deducting taxes from those payments since 1991, according to a joint statement from the National Veterans Legal Services Program and Sens. John Boozman, R-Ark., and Mark Warner, D-VA.The Pentagon has known about the problem for more than three years, according to an internal Department of Defense memo dated Dec. 28, 2012 obtained by Stars and Stripes.The error often cost individual troops thousands of dollars.Army veteran Brandon Davis of Greenwood, Ark., who was wounded in Iraq and left the service in 2005, said he lost $8,000. This money would have helped me and my family as we adjusted to life after being discharged from the military,  he said in a statement.A Department of Defense personnel official declined to comment.The National Veterans Legal Services Program, a nonprofit veterans service organization, first discovered the problem and brought it to the attention of lawmakers. Most troubling is that we learned the government had known about this problem for decades yet continued to take this money from thousands of disabled veterans,  Tom Moore, an attorney with the National Veterans Legal Services Program, said in the joint statement.For entire story: Stars And Stripes",0
14246,UNHINGED TRUMP PROTESTER Arrested For Slapping Police Officer’s Horse,"How ridiculous is this woman? She slaps a horse and screams in its face. These protesters are simply unhinged! Yesterday, they chained themselves to their cars after they shut down the Arizona highway. None of this behavior wins people over to their side. It just makes them look crazy and irrational. KANSAS CITY, Mo.   A woman in the midst of the protests outside the rally for presidential candidate Donald Trump on March 12 was arrested on Friday for abuse of a police service animal.According to a police report, an officer mounted on horseback was involved in police crowd control outside the Midland Theatre when protesters began moving into the street and blocking traffic, approaching officers on foot. After police verbally instructed the protesters back onto the sidewalk, the crowd continued moving forward and mounted officers moved into position to block the crowd.Police said that s when the suspect, April J. Foster, 29, approached an officer and his horse, Dan, and began screaming in the horse s face in an attempt to scare him. When that did not work, Foster reportedly slapped the horse in the face with an open hand.Read more: FOX 4 KC",0
14247,EXPOSED! Plot To Bring In Cheap Foreign Labor Exposed – No U.S. Labor Shortage [Video],Here you have it! Jeff Sessions has been a hero in his continued effort to expose the cost to Americans when cheap foreign labor is brought in to take over American jobs: ,0
14248,"JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO: “Heads up Washington, we’re not listening to you anymore because we’re FED UP! [Video]",Judge Jeanine rips into the Republican Establishment! Yes! ,0
14249,OPEN BORDERS BERNIE Threatens Sheriff Arpaio For Arresting Illegal Aliens: “Watch out Joe”,"Just what America needs another President who makes up laws to fit his radical agenda, with no regard for the actual laws the rest of America must abide by Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders ripped into Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio at a rally in northern Arizona on Thursday, after facing criticism from the Clinton campaign for an encounter Sanders  wife had with the immigration-hardliner sheriff.The U.S. senator from Vermont said Arpaio s arrests of undocumented immigrants, often separating families, were  outrageous and unconscionable. It s easy for bullies like Sheriff Arpaio to pick on people who have no power,  Sanders said.  If I am elected president   the president of the United States does have power. So watch out, Joe.  Via: USA Today ",0
14250,NYC ANTI-TRUMP RALLY: [VIDEO] Dad Tells Little Kids To Look VETS “In The Eye…We’re Gonna Be Fighting Against Them”…[VIDEO] Brave Trump Supporter Follows Rally With “Soros Funded” Sign,"These  protesters  are only helping to catapult Donald Trump to the Oval Office. The more America gets to see who is against Donald Trump, they more they want him to win. They would have been better off keeping themselves busy, doing what they do best at this time of year finding ways to register dead voters and steal the vote. They made a bad decision to allow the curtain to come back and expose themselves to America. This may possibly be the worst PR move in the history of the Democrat Party. Americans are sick and tired of being pushed around by our radical, progressive Community Organizer and his radical regime for the past seven years.Dad tells kids: ""look at [Veterans for Trump] in the eye  we're gonna be fighting against them  KKK"" #CrushTrump pic.twitter.com/ioENypqcCU  Raheem   (@RaheemKassam) March 19, 2016Trump supporters are trolling the protest #CrushTrump NYC   pic.twitter.com/F6g9NnYZ5Y  Cassandra Fairbanks (@CassandraRules) March 19, 2016The radical NO BORDERS group came out with YUGE banner. Of course the message is written in Spanish:#NYC: #CrushTrump March going thru the park! pic.twitter.com/0sCfSIOfXq  Ash J (@AshAgony) March 19, 2016This guy just wants America to stop giving jobs away to Mexicans.  Hmmm .put Americans first. What a novel idea!This guy told me black people are being put out of work by Mexicans, that's why he's backing Trump #crushtrump pic.twitter.com/ieNMZ3d38G  Raheem   (@RaheemKassam) March 19, 2016Here s what happens when you pay protesters but forget to coach them about why they re actually protesting:This lady would like you to vote for Donald Duck, but she is unclear of @realDonaldTrump's name. #CrushTrump pic.twitter.com/0GXB5CuIO3  Raheem   (@RaheemKassam) March 19, 2016",0
14251,DISABLED VET WITH CANE FORCED TO WALK To Trump Rally…Pictures Of Supporters Walking 3 Miles After Protesters Shut Down Roads,"It s absolutely heartbreaking that a disabled veteran walking with a cane, after being shot serving our country is FORCED to walk to an event to hear a presidential candidate speak in America. He fought for our nation, and this is the respect he gets from these thugs? Shutting down free speech in America is NOT okay. In a normal world, our president would be holding a press conference to tell people they will be held accountable for their actions. Unfortunately, many Americans believe it is more likely our  President  is helping to organize these events behind the scenes with the major players in this threatening movement like George Soros and Black Lives Matter terrorists.Army vet who has a cane bc of nerve damage from when he was shot while serving walking to Trump rally. pic.twitter.com/aRk2eJFCRj  Seema Mehta (@LATSeema) March 19, 2016Trump supporters are now abandoning cars and walking three miles to rally. pic.twitter.com/Jb0UPKVm1R  Seema Mehta (@LATSeema) March 19, 2016Sheriff Joe's folks are on the scene. pic.twitter.com/oFgE3ASrNq  Seema Mehta (@LATSeema) March 19, 2016And now the fallout from radical anti-Trump protesters can be seen with voters like these (below) all over America. As a side note, my parents were Rubio and Cruz supporters until the night the paid Soros protesters tried to shut down his rally in Chicago. The next day they went to the polls and BOTH voted for Trump. This movement will backfire. Trump will likely win in a landslide thanks in part to these throw back anarchists from the Occupy movement, Black Lives Matter terrorists, Pro-Palestinians (Jew haters), radical Muslim groups like CAIR, Soros paid protesters and misguided kids looking for something  meaningful  to do with their spare time:Scott & Rie Caswell drove 4 hrs to see Trump, can't get into rally, say undecided before but now voting for him pic.twitter.com/rxaJZO7XS2  Seema Mehta (@LATSeema) March 19, 2016",0
14252,"FOUR PREVIOUSLY DEPORTED ILLEGAL ALIENS Charged In Rape, Beating Of Couple","There are numerous crimes we report on every day that do not tell if the criminal is in America legally. When we find a news source that actually tells you we re shocked! The main stream media is really good at hiding the details of criminals like the ones who committed the crime below. The Boston Herald reported when it came to light that the accused are in the U.S. illegally.Federal immigration officials are requesting detainers on four illegal aliens accused of a heinous attack on a Framingham couple in which the woman was raped and her boyfriend was beaten and threatened with death, the Herald has learned.Two of the illegals had previously been deported to Guatemala, said Immigration and  Customs Enforcement spokesman Shawn Neudauer.Elmer Diaz, 19, is charged with rape, assault with a dangerous weapon, kidnapping and threatening to commit a crime. His brother, Ariel Diaz, 24, was charged with unarmed robbery, assault and battery with a dangerous weapon, indecent assault and battery, kidnapping and witness intimidation.He was deported to Guatemala in May 2014 after convictions for drunken driving and disorderly conduct, said Neudauer.Another brother, Adan Diaz, 32, and Marlon Josue Jarquin-Felipe, 27, are both charged with indecent assault and battery and kidnapping. All four suspects are from Guatemala. Jarquin-Felipe was deported back to his homeland in April 2014, according to Neudauer.Neudauer told the Herald yesterday the agency is  closely monitoring the cases and has placed detainers on all four  illegal immigrants. He added that Ariel Diaz was also arrested this winter on a drunken driving charge. ICE was not notified of that case, he added.In the Framingham case, the victim s boyfriend was beaten while his girlfriend was held down on a bed and raped Sunday evening, authorities say.The still-shaken boyfriend told the Herald yesterday that he and his girlfriend have not yet come to terms with the horrific assault. Via: GP",0
14253,MUSLIM ORGANIZATION With Terrorist Ties Want To Prohibit Police From Protecting Themselves At Planned RNC Riots In Cleveland,"The tax-exempt Muslim group CAIR has ties to terrorism, and spends an enormous amount of energy lobbying to prevent states from disallowing Sharia Law. They re now using their victim status, afforded to the by the left to say police officers facing the potential of mass riots should not be able to protect themselves Muslim activist group, the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), and the American Civil Liberties Union and others have formed a coalition questioning Cleveland police and their plan to use riot response equipment at the upcoming Republican Nation Convention.The groups will hold a press conference Monday to present their demands regarding the city s plans to buy riot equipment ahead of the Republican National Convention in July, The Cleveland Plain-Dealer reports. The city received a $50 million grant to pay for additional security, though it is unclear how all that money will be spent. The groups do not totally oppose riot equipment, but they are calling on the city to be more transparent about how money for security is being spent. They also want all  military type equipment  to be decommissioned after the convention.Really? Why?The city received the grant to buy riot gear, batons, steel barriers and to increase other security after warnings that the convention could see riots. They say the equipment is especially warranted after a series of violent political rallies. A Donald Trump rally in Chicago was cancelled when the crowd got out of control after anti-Trump protesters arrived. Via: Daily CallerOnce the dust settled, last week s protest of a Donald Trump rally in Chicago demonstrated a growing nexus between Islamist groups in the United States and the radical leftist  Black Lives Matter  movement.This rhetoric of unity between these movements was clearly on display at the 2015 joint conference of the 2015 Muslim American Society (MAS) and the Islamic Circle of North America (ICNA). MAS was described by federal prosecutors as the  overt arm  of the U.S. Muslim Brotherhood, and ICNA is recognized as the front for the Pakistani Islamist group Jamaat-e-Islami (JeI) founded by one of the foremost thinkers on modern Jihad, Syed Abul A la Maududi.At the event, MAS leader Khalilah Sabra openly discussed the importance of Muslim support for Black Lives Matter, and urged  revolution.  Comparing the situation in the United States to the Muslim Brotherhood-led Arab Spring revolutions, she asked,  We are the community that staged a revolution across the world; if we can do that, why can t we have that revolution in America? Reporting on this merging  revolutionary  alliance goes back as far as the first outbreak of disorder in Ferguson. Few may recall the attendance at Michael Brown s funeral of CAIR executive director Nihad Awad. Awad was identified in federal court as a member of the Palestine Committee, a covert group of Muslim Brothers dedicated to supporting Hamas in the United States.CAIR joined other groups named by federal law enforcement as Muslim Brotherhood organizations and lined up behind the Ferguson protests.In November of 2014, Fox News reported on an effort by CAIR Michigan Director Dawud Walid to link the death of Michael Brown at the hands of police and the death of Luqman Abdullah, a Detroit imam shot during an FBI raid.Abdullah was described by the FBI as a leader of a nationwide Islamic organization known as  The Ummah,  run by convicted cop-killer Jamil Abdullah Amin. Abdullah s group engaged in criminal activity in order to raise funds in order for an effort to establish Sharia law in opposition to the U.S. government.Amin and CAIR have a long association together, with CAIR providing funding for Amin s legal defense, and issuing numerous press releases in support of the Georgia radical imam and former Black Panther. Via: Counter Jihad Report ",0
14254,SHERIFF CLARKE HAMMERS HOME THE TRUTH: Protesters Against Trump Are ‘A Conglomeration of Misfits’ [Video],SHERIFF DAVID CLARKE hammered home the truth on who the protesters are at the Trump rallies: ,0
14255,BRUTAL Meme Shows EXACTLY What A Hillary Presidency Would Look Like,"This cartoon is one of our all-time favorites. You ve gotta love the note from Bill on the pillow, and the Bernie Sanders voodoo doll on her nightstand is priceless ",0
14256,UNHINGED RADICAL LEFTISTS Try To Storm Trump’s Utah Rally Attacking Police And Secret Service With Rocks [Video],"This Utah protest was planned and organized by the far left. The effort to bring chaos and division is in hyper speed now but has been there since Obama took office. His friends on the left are orchestrating this effort to silence anyone who wants to take America back from these radicals. Every American should be furious at this no matter which candidate you support. Trump IS telling the truth about immigration and the Muslim refugee resettlement. He s doing what no other candidate has done   HE S TELLING THE TRUTH! The globalists and radical leftists are all in on the effort to silence free speech. Nothing is more anti-American than what they are doing! This is a critical time like no other! Please don t back down and don t be afraid. STAND UP TO PUT AMERICA FIRST! The SWAT team had to be called out because the protesters started throwing rocks and were fighting with police:NEW VIDEO: anti trump protesters and police getting rough with each other in Salt Lake City. Sorry it's shaky pic.twitter.com/cgFwyF8zce  Peter Doocy (@pdoocy) March 19, 2016 PROTESTERS TEAR DOWN SECURITY TENT:BREAKING: ugly scene as trump protesters tear down security tent. Officers forcefully pushed back pic.twitter.com/VLEebqVUZA  Peter Doocy (@pdoocy) March 19, 2016  CNN REPORT ON PROTESTERS:""A line of police officers are standing in front of protesters"" at the door of Trump rally. @Boris_Sanchez reports. https://t.co/Y9QyynO9NY  CNN Tonight (@CNNTonight) March 19, 2016  THIS VIDEO IS JUST LOTS OF YELLING BUT I WANT YOU TO HEAR THE SHOUTS OF  VIVA MEXICO  ",0
14257,VIOLENCE DIDN’T HAVE TO ESCALATE: Chicago Police Chief Told Officers To “STAND DOWN” At Trump Rally [VIDEO],"Shades of Baltimore? How can citizens or visitors in Chicago ever feel safe knowing the Chief Of Police would tell his officers to  stand down  when they are faced with a potential powder keg of violence and chaos? How can his officers feel safe knowing they were putting them in harms way? One can t help but wonder how much involvement our very own corrupt Chicago Community Organizer In Chief had to do with the decision to give the paid protesters free reign to terrorize Trump supporters? A union that represents 54 officers from the University of Illinois at Chicago Police Department is speaking out arguing the chaotic Donald Trump rally on campus last week did not have to escalate to an extreme level of disorder and could have continued as planned.The Metropolitan Association of Police Board Director, Ray Violetto, tells Fox News that UIC Police Chief, Kevin Booker, issued unusual stand-down orders including instructions that officers not bring pepper spray or wear dark gloves to the Trump rally items the union officers say are basic and necessary equipment in any type of crowd control.Violetto tells Fox News the UIC police were the agency in charge considering the Trump rally was on the school s campus and that the officers were in charge of policing the inside of the arena. I think the inside is what started that and I think it carried outside,  Violetto told Fox News.  If you watch the inside of the rally there was a pretty large group there that was getting out of control along with the individual that was at the podium. Violetto said officers were also told not to touch anyone or make arrests. The UIC officers say they have been extensively trained in handling crowds and riots and could have adequately controlled the situation that night.Watch how quickly these pockets of paid protesters turned violent and shockingly, how many police officers were put in harms way:The MAP police say not only were they put in physical danger but they also were potentially left open to lawsuits because the three people who officers say they rightfully and legally arrested were let go without explanation as a result of the Chief s no-arrest order.UIC spokesperson Sherri McGinnis Gonzalez denies the officers  claims and says riot gear was available  if needed. In an email, Gonzalez wrote that pepper spray is typically not used inside the campus arena, officers were not given orders not to place their hands on people, and that officers were told not to wear  dark  gloves, which look  aggressive. Violetto argues there are  no white gloves that are out there. Gonzalez also wrote that most of the UIC officers were in full uniform with personal protective gear, with the exception of plain-clothes detectives who provided surveillance and valuable intelligence.These police officers don t look like they re wearing riot gear, or are very well prepared for the violence at all in these very telling videos taken by Chuck Pullen, who happened to be at the scene : CLICK HEREThe University says Booker was on site and in charge of managing all UIC police activity and coordinated with multiple law enforcement agencies during the event. Via: FOX News",0
14258,CRANKY SOCIALIST BERNIE SANDERS HAS A TEMPER TANTRUM And Walks Out Of Interview [Video],What a grouch! Bernie Sanders must have had a bad day! Maybe he realized he s in Sheriff Joe s territory now. ,0
14259,AWESOME COMEBACK After Obama Says The Presidency Isn’t A Reality Show [Video],"No ,it s not a reality show but Obama s made it like a circus! This super cuts video is awesome! ",0
14260,DEAR KIDS: Socialism Is Not Cool…Socialism Kills [VIDEO],"This video should be viewed by every middle school, high school and college student. Every adult American who truly understands how evil socialism is, yet would still support it in the United States Of America should hang their selfish heads in shame ",0
14261,"ANDREW BREITBART: “I Don’t Care Who Our Candidate Is…I Will March Behind Whoever Our Candidate Is, Because If We Don’t…We LOSE!”[VIDEO]"," There are two paths one is America and the other one is  Occupy (Black Lives Matter). Black, White, gay and straight anyone that s willing to stand next to me to fight the progressive Left, I will be in that bunker. And if you re not in that bunker because you re not satisfied with this candidate  more than shame on you you re on the other side! This is quite possibly the most important message you will hear from now until November 8, 2016.  As we watch Americans tear each other apart on social media and argue about who has chosen the best candidate and why, the Left is busy organizing and finding ways to come together to defeat us.Anyone who is not smart enough to put aside the petty bickering and senseless arguing over whether or not Ted Cruz knew about  fliers someone from his campaign sent out to Iowa voters, or if Donald Trump contributed to Hillary s Senate campaign, deserves exactly what they get.Conservatives wouldn t get behind John McCain because he wasn t conservative enough. Tea Party members wouldn t get behind Mitt Romney because he was born with a silver spoon in his mouth, so he couldn t possibly understand the average American. Or maybe they couldn t get behind him because he supported universal health care in Massachusetts, making him the equivalent of Obama. So how did that work out for you? Was Barack a better choice in 2008 than McCain? Was he a better choice in 2012 than Mitt Romney?If Romney was our President, would we be watching the resurgence of the violent anarchist Occupy movement? Would Black Lives Matter terrorists and various radical Illegal Alien groups, be rioting across the nation and meeting with our President at our White House to strategize their next move?While we tear each other apart, these groups are busy organizing and plotting ways they can threaten and punish anyone who gets in the way of their radical, progressive agenda. And what are Trump and Cruz supporters doing to counter them? They re fighting amongst themselves. They re busy pounding their chests and proclaiming how much smarter they are than their friends on social media. If we are ever going to take this country back for our sake, and the sake of our children and grandchildren, we need to put aside our differences, however minor or major they may be and come together to fight as one team.Trump and Cruz are the only two candidates who have a chance of winning the Republican nomination, and they are both fighters. Neither one of them blink in the face of radicals like Bernie Sanders, Hillary or Barack Hussein Obama. They have fought back against a media who is not used to being called out for their lies or misrepresentations of the truth. The Democrat Party is shaking in their boots. For the first time in decades, the Left is finding themselves with their backs against the wall. This is no time to let up. This is exactly the time we need to come together and redouble our efforts. There has never been a more important time in our nation s history to fight back against those who choose to fundamentally transform America.Please watch one of the most powerful speeches you will ever hear from a liberal, turned conservative warrior. Andrew Breitbart was taken from this earth much too soon, but his compelling words ring more true today than ever. He gave this inspirational speech at CPAC in 2012. Here is the most important snippet of that speech: ",0
14262,KING OBAMA ASKS TAXPAYERS To Increase His Post-Presidency Pay,"America s gotta keep 5-Star Mooch, her lovely daughters and of course, her tax-payer funded mommy in the lifestyle they ve become accustomed to President Obama sought to increase the amount of money available for the federal government to spend on former presidents in advance of his White House exit.In his budget requests for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, Obama proposed hikes in the appropriations for expenditures of former presidents, according to a report from the Congressional Research Service published Wednesday.The report, which discusses the pensions and other federal benefits offered to former commanders-in-chief by way of the Former Presidents Act, specifies that Obama s 2017 budget proposes a nearly 18 percent hike in appropriations for expenditures of former presidents. He successfully requested an increase in such appropriations for fiscal year 2016. The President s FY2017 budget request seeks $3,865,000 in appropriations for expenditures for former Presidents, an increase of $588,000 (17.9%) from the FY2016 appropriation level. The increase in requested appropriations for FY2017 anticipates President Barack Obama s transition from incumbent to former President,  the report reads. For FY2016, President Obama requested and received appropriations of $3,277,000 for expenditures for former Presidents an increase of $25,000 from FY2015 appropriated levels. The Former Presidents Act, enacted in 1958, provides living former presidents with a pension, office staff and support, funds for travel, Secret Service protection, and mailing privileges. It also provides benefits for presidential spouses. Currently, former presidents are awarded a pension equal to the salary of cabinet secretaries, which totaled $203,700 for the 2015 calendar year and was boosted by $2,000 for the current calendar year.Via: FOX News",0
14263,WOW! WATCH OBAMA’S 5 MOST Threatening Comments Against Americans,"A young patriot made this video to show the hypocrisy of Obama and the media who protects him.  He correctly points out the double standard in the media and in America when it comes to Barack and the divisive, hateful rhetoric he s been allowed to get away with for eight long years:",0
14264,IS HILLARY ABOUT TO BE “BERNED?”…Obama Tells Donors To Back Hillary…But Can Hillary Win Without The “FREE College” Voters?,"Hillary is failing miserably with the young voters. In her wildest dreams, she couldn t have imagined running neck-and-neck with  a 74 year old rumpled Socialist. More importantly, she couldn t have imagined Sanders would run away with the youth vote. Bernie Sanders has endeared throngs of young voters by offering taxpayer funded  Free sh*t,  but in the last few rounds of primary votes, it appears that isn t enough, as he continues to fall behind the candidate who is under FBI investigation. It sure makes one wonder what  dirt  Hillary is holding over Obama s head, as this recent shift of allegiance to team Hillary comes as a surprise to many. It s been pretty clear for the past seven years that there is no love lost between Barack and the Clinton s.In unusually candid remarks, President Obama privately told a group of Democratic donors last Friday that Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont was nearing the point at which his campaign against Hillary Clinton would end, and that the party must soon come together to back her.Mr. Obama acknowledged that Mrs. Clinton was perceived to have weaknesses as a candidate, and that some Democrats did not view her as authentic.But he played down the importance of authenticity, noting that President George W. Bush   whose record he ran aggressively against in 2008   was once praised for his authenticity.Mr. Obama made the remarks after reporters had left a fund-raising event in Austin, Tex., for the Democratic National Committee. The comments were described by three people in the room for the event, all of whom were granted anonymity to describe a candid moment with the president. The comments were later confirmed by a White House official.Mr. Obama chose his words carefully, and did not explicitly call on Mr. Sanders to quit the race, according to those in the room. Still, those in attendance said in interviews that they took his comments as a signal to Mr. Sanders that perpetuating his campaign, which is now an uphill climb, could only help the Republicans recapture the White House.Mr. Obama s message came at a critical juncture for Mr. Sanders, who had just upset Mrs. Clinton in the Michigan primary and has been trying to convince Democrats that his campaign is not over, despite Mrs. Clinton s formidable lead in delegates. Via: NYT sSen. Bernard Sanders  call for a political revolution has resonated with a growing segment of Democratic voters who are committed to his message   but who, party leaders fear, will walk if he s not the eventual presidential nominee.Some of those voters tell pollsters they doubt they could support Hillary Clinton, Mr. Sanders  chief competition for the party s nod, saying she s part of the very establishment the maverick Vermont senator is fighting against. Other Democrats say Mrs. Clinton would only earn their grudging support, leaving the party fearful of a catastrophic split. Via: Washington Times I don t think there s going to be a lot of change  if Clinton wins, said Cronk, 21. Like many younger voters, he s especially alarmed by income inequality, the issue that Sanders has made a centerpiece of his campaign.  The Clintons don t really stand in that position very well.Clinton s weakness with younger voters has stood out consistently this year   she lost Democratic primary voters who are aged 18 to 29 by 70 points in Iowa, 68 points in New Hampshire and 25 points on Super Tuesday, when she won seven of the 11 states in play for Democrats. Hillary s weakness with millennials has to be very worrisome for the Democratic Party,  said Simon Rosenberg, president of the New Democrat Network, a center-left advocacy group.  What you re seeing is the millennial generation has essentially seceded from the Democratic establishment. Obama s presidential campaigns showed the power of voters under 30, who gave him 2-1 support in both 2008 and 2012. In 2016, even more millennials than Baby Boomers are eligible to vote, and they make up a large share of potential voters in battleground states such as Ohio, Pennsylvania and Iowa, demographers say.For months, Clinton tried to connect with younger voters through famous supporters such as singer Katy Perry and actor Lena Dunham. She embraced the anti-police-brutality movement Black Lives Matter, spearheaded by young African-Americans, and vowed to expand President Obama s deportation relief for young people in the country illegally and their families. She promised debt-free college for all, only to be one-upped by Sanders  pledge of free college for all.Clinton has acknowledged she s fallen short, saying she has to work harder to convince young people she will help them. When an Iowa college student asked her in January why so many other youths found her dishonest, Clinton blamed decades of Republican attacks. Via: Florida Politics",0
14265,SHOCKING VIDEO: Chicago Reporters Infiltrate Violent Leftist Protests Against Donald Trump,THIS IS SHOCKING! Two reporters from Rebel Pundit infiltrate a Donald Trump protest only to find it has NOTHING to do with Trump but is a MUCH BIGGER leftist anarchist plan: ,0
14266,OBAMA CRITICIZES TRUMP For Comments About Illegals And Muslim Refugees…But What About THIS Video Of Obama’s Top 5 Most Violent Quotes About AMERICAN CITIZENS?,"President Obama, who as a candidate once urged supporters to  bring a gun  to the knife fight of his campaign, on Tuesday decried  vicious  rhetoric from Republican presidential candidates.Here is a great compilation of Obama s top 5 hits on his opponent (50% of America). Can you imagine the comments that haven t been recorded, like at the recent meeting with Black Lives Matter terrorists who were invited guests of Barack Obama s, coincidentally just prior to the organized Chicago Trump rally riots?During the annual  Friends of Ireland  luncheon at the U.S. Capitol, Mr. Obama told a bipartisan group of lawmakers that he is  more than a little dismayed about what s happening on the campaign trail lately. Never one to miss out on the opportunity to bash his enemies our very un-statesman like Community Organizer In Chief took the opportunity when speaking in front of the Prime Minister of Ireland to not talk about relations with Ireland, but instead, to bash Donald Trump. He made it clear to this group who has absolutely nothing to do with our elections, that he is watching his every move Trump makes and will use every opportunity, no matter how inappropriate, to damage his reputation. Probably the most sickening and dishonest part of this video is when Obama begrudgingly tells Speaker Of The House, Paul Ryan (R) that, I know you are a great father and a great husband  and that, We can have political debates without turning on each other  at the 7:45 mark: We have heard vulgar and divisive rhetoric aimed at women and minorities   at Americans who don t look like  us,  or pray like  us  or vote like we do,  Mr. Obama said in an obvious reference to Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump.  We ve seen misguided attempts to shut down that speech, however offensive it may be. In response to those attempts, we ve seen actual violence, and we ve heard silence from too many of our leaders. As he has increasingly in recent days, Mr. Obama lamented  any effort to spread fear or encourage violence, or to shut people down when they re trying to speak, or turn Americans against one another. As a citizen who will still be leading this office, I will not support somebody who practices that kind of politics,  the president said.But as a candidate for the White House in 2008, Mr. Obama was no stranger to violent rhetoric. He encouraged the notion that he was a product of Chicago s particularly tough brand of politics.At a campaign event in Philadelphia in June 2008, Mr. Obama told supporters,  If they bring a knife to the fight, we bring a gun. Because from what I understand, folks in Philly like a good brawl. I ve seen Eagles fans. Later that year, as polls showed a close race between Mr. Obama and Republican nominee John McCain, Mr. Obama urged a crowd of about 1,500 at a campaign rally in Elko, Nevada, to get confrontational in their community for him. I need you to go out and talk to your friends and talk to your neighbors,  Mr. Obama said.  I want you to talk to them whether they are independent or whether they are Republican. I want you to argue with them and get in their face. The president on Tuesday seemed to be referring to such comments of his own when he remarked,  All of us can recall some intemperate words that we regret. Certainly, I can. And while some may be more to blame than others for the current climate, all of us are responsible for reversing it. Via: Washington Times",0
14267,RUSH LIMBAUGH Warns Who The GOP Will Choose If Trump Or Cruz Don’t Get Enough Delegates,Wow! Just wow!,0
14268,ANOTHER CLINTON CASUALTY? Activist MURDERED After Openly Blaming HILLARY For Meddling Role In Honduran Coup [VIDEO],"When far left publications like Democracy Now and Global Research start questioning Hillary s involvement in the murder of Honduran environmental activist, Berta C ceres, there is probably good reason to look a little deeper into the controversy. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is facing a new round of questions about her handling of the 2009 coup in Honduras that ousted democratically elected President Manuel Zelaya. Since the coup, Honduras has become one of the most violent places in the world. Last week, indigenous environmental activist Berta C ceres was assassinated in her home.Before her murder on March 3, Berta C ceres, a Honduran indigenous rights and environmental activist, named Hillary Clinton, holding her responsible for legitimating the 2009 coup.  We warned that this would be very dangerous,  she said, referring to Clinton s effort to impose elections that would consolidate the power of murderers.Berta C ceres was an award-winning land activist, a leader in her community and a mother of four. She was shot four times while in bed, at 1am on 2 March. As a founding member of the Civic Council of Indigenous and Popular Organizations of Honduras (COPINH), C ceres fought against logging, hydro-power and mining projects threatening indigenous people in Honduras. Her death has exposed the poor judgement of  impact investor  bank FMO, the bully tactics of mining corporations, and  murky situations  from Clinton s time as Secretary of State. We re coming out of a coup that we can t put behind us. We can t reverse it,  C ceres said.  It just kept going. And after, there was the issue of the elections. The same Hillary Clinton, in her book,  Hard Choices,  practically said what was going to happen in Honduras. Via: Democracy NowThe military coup in 2009 did nothing to protect Honduran land or people. President Manuel Zelaya had moved towards grassroots social movements,  the kinds of social reforms that the United States has always opposed  (Chomsky), and deals with Venezuela. The military kidnapped President Zelaya at gunpoint and flew him out of the country in his pyjamas. This was certainly a coup d etat and was defined as such by the UN, the EU and other Latin America nations and dictionaries everywhere.As Obama s Secretary of State, Clinton refused to call what had happened a  coup  in public. Doing so would have automatically cut off US non-humanitarian aid to Honduras. Members of Clinton s own party wrote to Barak Obama about the outrage. But Hillary did not relent, despite being informed that the coup question was an  open and shut  case in US embassy cables.In a video interview, given in Buenos Aires in 2014, C ceres says it was Clinton who helped legitimate and institutionalize the coup. In response to a question about the exhaustion of the opposition movement (to restore democracy), C ceres says (around 6:10):  The same Hillary Clinton, in her book Hard Choices, practically said what was going to happen in Honduras. This demonstrates the bad legacy of North American influence in our country. The return of Mel Zelaya to the presidency (that is, to his constitutionally elected position) was turned into a secondary concern. There were going to be elections.  Clinton, in her position as secretary of state, pressured (as her emails show) other countries to agree to sideline the demands of C ceres and others that Zelaya be returned to power. Instead, Clinton pushed for the election of what she calls in Hard Choices a  unity government.  But C ceres says:  We warned that this would be very dangerous.  The elections took place under intense militarism, and enormous fraud. The Clinton-brokered election did indeed install and legitimate a militarized regime based on repression. In the interview, C ceres says that Clinton s coup-government, under pressure from Washington, passed terrorist and intelligence laws that criminalized political protest. C ceres called it  counterinsurgency,  carried out on behalf of  international capital mostly resource extractors that has terrorized the population, murdering political activists by the high hundreds.  Every day,  C ceres said elsewhere,  people are killed. Interestingly, Hillary Clinton removed the most damning sentences regarding her role in legitimating the Honduran coup from the paperback edition of Hard Choices.According to Bel n Fern ndez, Clinton airbrushed out of her account exactly the passage C ceres highlights for criticism:  We strategized on a plan to restore order in Honduras and ensure that free and fair elections could be held quickly and legitimately, which would render the question of Zelaya moot and give the Honduran people a chance to choose their own future  (see Fern ndez s essay in Liza Featherstone s excellent False Choices: The Faux Feminism of Hillary Rodham Clinton).Aside from Hard Choices  shape-shifting account of the crisis, Clinton has ignored criticism of her role in enabling the consolidation of the Honduran coup. That is, until C ceres s murder forced a response. Last week, her campaign answered my Nation post on her broader responsibility for C ceres s execution:  simply nonsense,  a spokesperson said:  Hillary Clinton engaged in active diplomacy that resolved a constitutional crisis and paved the way for legitimate democratic elections. We still don t have a clear idea of the events surrounding C ceres s murder. There is one witness, Gustavo Castro, a Mexican national, activist, and journalist, who was with C ceres when gunmen burst into her bedroom. Berta died in his arms. Castro was himself shot twice, but survived by playing dead.The Honduran government that  unity government  Clinton is proud of has Castro in lockdown, refusing him contact with the outside world. Via: The NationIn Clinton s memoir, she admits thatIn the subsequent days [after the coup] I spoke with my counterparts around the hemisphere, including Secretary [Patricia] Espinosa in Mexico We strategized on a plan to restore order in Honduras and ensure that free and fair elections could be held quickly and legitimately, which would render the question of Zelaya moot.Clinton s emails revealed that she played a crucial role, delaying any action that could quickly restore Zelaya.Grahame Russell from Rights Action is not alone in describing the coup as  US and Canadian-backed . Media Lens has bemoaned the under-reporting of Hillary Clinton s connection to the state of affairs in Honduras in the US print media, as has FAIR. But it is online. The Nation ran an article titled, The Clinton-backed Honduran Regime is picking-off indigenous leaders the day after C ceres  murder.The Clintons have a great ally in Canadian billionaire Frank Giustra. Along with media outlets, Giustra has gold mining interests in Africa. He is known in the industry as a  mining promoter  and presumably connects investors and miners. Although Bill and Frank like to fly around Latin America, and do philanthropic work together, Bill did bump into Frank in Kazakhstan when Frank was doing a spot of uranium shopping.The Clintons  connection with the Canadian mining magnate is labeled a threat to her campaign by Bloomberg Politics. Certainly, The Clintons  ties to big business have dogged her campaign, and many democrats are uncomfortable with her performance as Secretary of State. Revelations about the Clinton Foundation do little to dispel the image of Hillary as an entrenched member of the establishment   let alone the oligarch hegemony. Given that her nomination looks increasingly insecure, C ceres  murder is untimely for them both. Via: Global Research",0
14269,NC TEACHER SIGNS UP FIRST GRADERS For Black Lives Matter Protest With No Consent," This so-called movement is out of control and it s not even clear what the end game is here. This teacher should be fired for exposing the children to this idiotic stuff! A Durham, North Carolina teacher signed up six year-olds for a Black Lives Matter protest without their parents  consent.Central Park School for Children in Durham, North Carolina has enrolled grade-school students in a  Black Lives March and Rally  scheduled for March 17, 2016. The teachers can opt-in or opt-out their classes, but parents have not been given a choice.Stef Bernal-Martinez, a teacher of 6-year-old children, signed up all the children in her class for a  Black Lives March and Rally  to take place during the school day, at the city s downtown Central Park and Farmer s Market. Ms. Bernal-Martinez describes herself as a  Radical Queer Progressive Educator  and  white-passing Xicana. The event, like the Black Lives Matter movement itself, is less a spontaneous protest movement than a divide-and-conquer campaign by elite leftists. Two out of three African-Americans prefer the hrase  All Lives Matter  to  Black Lives Matter  according to a national August, 2015 Rasmussen poll. The grade school is predominantly Caucasian, but run by radical leftists. Naturally the school didn t send the parents consent forms.Read more: Daily Caller",0
14270,GOP’s ANTI-COP CANDIDATE? Video Shows JOHN KASICH Calling Police Officer “An IDIOT” For Enforcing The Law,"The one-state wonder sides with the Left on a number of issues from his views on gay marriage, his flip-flopping on gun control to his support for Communist Common Core. Sheriff Clarke has now unearthed a video showing us the anti-cop side of Governor John Katich.Most of us have been pulled over by law enforcement and many of us have been frustrated after receiving a ticket we didn t think we deserved. We re not all governor s however, and we don t stand up in front of a crowd where we likely have some influence, and call law enforcement officers  idiots. Too bad this video wasn t exposed before he narrowly won his home state of Ohio. Have you ever been stopped by a police officer that s an idiot? He s an idiot! You just can t act that way. And what people resent is people who are in the government who don t treat the client (client?) with respect. Who knew that the person being pulled over by the police for potentially breaking the law is considered a  client? Here is the original Tweet from the awesome Milwaukee Sheriff David Clarke:https://t.co/LXDIrZtj3r @JohnKasich is anti gun and anti cop and people,say Trump is not conservative? Seriously? https://t.co/IHR5wLWIev  David A. Clarke, Jr. (@SheriffClarke) March 17, 2016",0
14271,WATCH VETERAN Embarrass Trump Hater In Kansas City When She Can’t Explain Her Own Sign,"This veteran exposes Trump hating protester in Kansas City when he asks her to explain why Trump is a  racist,  and why defending our borders as part of our national security is a bad thing.Trump supporter schools a protester in Kansas City #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgainPosted by Jacob T. Honeycutt on Saturday, 12 March 2016",0
14272,"MICHELLE, SASHA AND MALIA Will Join Barack On Trip To Communist Cuba…Why Not, It’s Only The Taxpayer’s Money","The Obama s just added millions onto the taxpayer s tab for the trip to Cuba that Barack was going on until they just announced the entire family will tag along The Obamas have been famous for their lavish spending on trips and have racked up a big bill that the taxpayers are on the hook for. We know that they pay for some of the travel BUT most of the travel is on us. The known total expense to the American taxpayers thus far for all Obama travel is now $70,880,035.78! Here s a list of the FIRST FAMILY VACATIONS WITH THE COST FOR EACH: OBAMA FAMILY VACATIONSWhy doesn t Barack go alone since this sounds like a business trip? At least he ll be able to show his girls the horrible results of decades of communism come to think of it, it might be worth it!First Lady Michelle Obama and daughters Sasha and Malia will be joining President Barack Obama next week on his historic trip to Cuba.Obama will open his visit late on Sunday by touring cultural sites in Old Havana along with Michelle, Sasha and Malia. Cardinal Jaime Ortega will also host the Obamas at the Havana Cathedral.The President then plans to use a speech in Havana to lay out a vision of greater freedoms and more economic opportunity in Cuba, White House officials said on Wednesday, offering a glimpse of how the President hopes to use his trip to encourage change on the communist island. Obama s speech on Tuesday at the Grand Theater of Havana will mark a moment that seemed unimaginable only a few years ago, before Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro moved to restore relations between the two estranged countries.Obama s advisers said they hoped Cubans would be able to watch the speech live on television, adding that Obama sought not to dictate outcomes but create the space for Cuba to change on its own.  Ultimately he will make clear that that s for the Cuban people to decide,  said Ben Rhodes, Obama s deputy national security adviser.  We have great confidence in the ability of the Cuban people to do extraordinary things.  During his three-day trip to Cuba   the first to the country by a sitting president in 88 years   Obama will also meet with Castro at the Palace of the Revolution and attend a Major League Baseball exhibition game.His much-anticipated meeting with Cuban dissidents will include prominent members of the government s opposition, Rhodes said, stressing that the United States and not Cuba was deciding who would attend. The President will lay a wreath on Monday at the Memorial to Jose Marti, the Cuban independence hero, before meeting with Castro in his offices along the famed Plaza of the Revolution. The White House said human rights, regional issues and ways to improve Cubans  standard of living were all on the agenda, with the leaders expected to address reporters after their meeting. Obama planned to meet with US and Cuban entrepreneurs in a bid to boost Cuba s nascent private-sector economy. Castro was to host the President for a state dinner at the palace on Monday evening.Despite Cuban leaders  view of such meetings as interference in the island s internal affairs, Rhodes said there was no reason to believe the government would block any invitees from participating.  If there are any impediments to that meeting we would be very clear about this,  Rhodes said. He declined to name any of those who would attend. Dozens of US lawmakers, including a handful of Republicans, will travel with the President to Cuba along with US business leaders and some Cuban-Americans, officials said, arguing that their inclusion reflected growing support in the United States for lifting the generations-old embargo. Yet there are few signs that Congress will agree to repeal the sanctions anytime soon. Following his Cuba swing, Obama will travel to Buenos Aires to meet with new Argentinian President Mauricio Macri, who took office in December pledging to reverse many of the policies of his predecessor, Cristina Fernandez. Obama has said that Fernandez s policies were  consistently anti-American  and praised Macri for recognizing that  we re in a new era.  In Argentina, Obama will meet next Wednesday with Macri at the Casa Rosada presidential office before laying a wreath and touring the Buenos Aires Metropolitan Cathedral. He ll also hold a town hall meeting with young people before being feted at a state dinner. He planned to visit the picturesque city of Bariloche in Argentina s Patagonia region on Thursday before returning to Washington.Read more: Daily Mail",0
14273,"OBAMA’S BLACK LIVES MATTER Terrorists Join People Who Are Living In Our Country ILLEGALLY, UNIONS, ANARCHISTS And MUSLIMS To Threaten America With MASSIVE Riots","Come hell or high water, the Occupy movement is going to have their voices heard while our Community Organizer in Chief occupies our White House. Pretty much every hate-America and  victim  group will be taking part in these acts of  civil disobedience  they re planning. These groups know how critically important it is to take action while they have an ally in the White House. They are prepared to do whatever it takes to ensure Republicans are unable to unravel the radical, progressive and unconstitutional acts of Barack Hussein Obama.Friday night in Chicago, at the site of the Donald Trump rally, we were awakened to what America will be like if we continue to kowtow to the radicalized left and their violent intimidation tactics to shut down Constitutionally protected speech. Theirs is not a protest movement. It is pure anarchy.After eight years under President Obama, the totalitarian enemies of freedom know they have our Constitutional Republic on the ropes now they re going for the throat.Go HERE for videos for a preview of the organized resistance that took place outside of the Trump rally in Chicago.Breitbart   With little fanfare and almost no news media attention, some of the same radical groups involved in shutting down Donald Trump s Chicago rally last week are plotting a mass civil disobedience movement to begin next month.They intend to march across the East Coast in order to spark a  fire that transforms the political climate in America. The operation, calling itself Democracy Spring, is threatening  drama in Washington  with the  largest civil disobedience action of the century.  The radicals believe this will result in the arrest of thousands of their own activists. We will demand that Congress listen to the People and take immediate action to save our democracy. And we won t leave until they do   or until they send thousands of us to jail,  the website for Democracy Spring declares, channeling rhetoric from the Occupy movement.The group is backed by numerous organizations, including the George Soros-funded groups MoveOn.org, the Institute for Policy Studies, and Demos.Another group endorsing Democracy Spring is the Democratic Socialists of America (DSA). The DSA s Chicago branch drove protesters to last weekend s nixed Chicago Trump event, as this reporter exposed.The AFL-CIO, the nation s largest labor federation, announced in a press release earlier this month it is  all in behind Democracy Spring,  perhaps indicating significant mobilization.Next month s Democracy Spring chaos is set to begin with a meetup on April 2 at the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia.From the Trump rally riot organizers website:[quote_box_center]Stand with All Immigrants, Muslims and People of Color! Shut Down White Supremacy!Spread the word. Organize everyone you can and get them to this very important protest. Everywhere Trump goes he and his racist mob must be shut down by the people!We must take the Trump campaign seriously. The racist and reactionary presidential campaign of Donald Trump has brought out many thousands of people to rallies across the country and sparked a very dangerous mass movement with white supremacy at its core.This type of movement must be met with the largest resistance of the people possible anywhere it raises up its putrid head. What is needed right now is for thousands of people in Chicago to descend on the UIC Pavilion and help spark a united mass movement against racism, Islamophobia and attacks on immigrants.[/quote_box_center]These radical anarchist Riot-Starters have come out from the underground, ready to seize their prize. The presidential election process is very germane to our Republic; if it is stopped, so too is our liberty, our representative system, our way of life.Some on the right and in the conservative media are trying to find ways to appease the Riot-Starters. They are walking on eggshells in the hopes of avoiding the truth of our situation. There is no palatable neutral, no safe space or  toning down  of rhetoric that can help us negotiate our way out of this conflict.These are rebellions brought on by anarchists who show up with the intent to create chaos. They live and breathe violence and disorder and will not be placated except for silencing those with whom they disagree. Their presence is a threat to ordered liberty in the United States.This totalitarian movement of Riot-Starters is made up of a patchwork quilt of cop-haters, criminals, anarchists in general, university students, and organized labor. Along the way to these rallies, they pick up and encourage people to get involved. This is why you see university students, juveniles, and criminals as useful tools of the professional organizers. It is stealth by nature; this rebellion is a wolf in a sheep s clothing, duping people along the way.We need to stop blaming the victim and muster the courage to stand up to this very dangerous movement. This has nothing to do with an individual candidate s policy positions or rhetoric. It has everything to do with Trump and his supporters  right to assemble peaceably.The law-abiding men and women who showed up at the rally and wanted to participate, including the candidate, had their civil rights, as afforded by the Constitution, violated. They didn t start this, but I don t expect them to back down, either.What I expect   and frankly, what all Americans should expect of each other   is that when we exercise our Constitutional rights and people try to intimidate us or shut us down, we don t give in. This event was nothing compared to what will happen at the Republican convention in Cleveland, and it is designed to intimidate.The President of the United States is the one responsible for creating this division in America, stoking up racial discord, class warfare and gender warfare for the last eight years.If these anarchists truly cared about violence or hate, they would have been on the South Side of Chicago Friday night protesting against the current state of street violence there: in a 24-hour period last week 20 people were shot, 2 people murdered; in the just the first two months of this year 467 people have been shot leaving nearly 100 dead.Suggesting that Donald Trump  tone it down  is farcical and misidentifies the goals of the Riot-Starters. No one is to blame except in the sense that we cherish the very thing that these anarchists detest: Freedom. The Riot-Starters will only be placated if they make us so fearful that we give up our First Amendment rights.Law-abiding Americans must not and cannot back down to these freedom-squashing goons. It is time for all of us to understand just what our enemies want to achieve   chaos and fear   and to rally around the fundamental truths of the Constitution.Our ordered liberty is at stake. At some point the Founders said,  that s enough. We re going to have go to war over this. Stand up and fight. Neutrality or appeasement amounts to endorsement. Self-flagellation over language or rhetoric cedes to the left s false narrative. There is no safe space here. You either fight or you re going to live under a totalitarian regime.An Op-Ed by Democrat Sheriff David Clarke",0
14274,WATCH THE CRIMINAL HISTORY OF HILLARY AND BILL: Clinton Insider Explains Their Crimes And Why They Never Got Caught,Everything you ever wanted to know about Hillary and Bill and their criminal past is in this video. How did they get away with so much? Why have they never been punished for their crimes? Many of the answers can be found in the video below. This is the full length movie. Part I can be seen below.https://youtu.be/t63iS7nep3sClinton Chronicles Part I: ,0
14275,POLL SHOWS WHICH Candidate Will Benefit Most From Rubio’s Exit,"If Rubio would have dropped out a month ago, we might have a very different outcome today Marco Rubio s loss is Ted Cruz s gain, a new poll shows.The Texas senator will benefit most from Rubio s exit from the presidential race, according to new Morning Consult polling.Among 412 Rubio supporters polled, 47 percent support Cruz as a second choice.Twenty-seven percent of respondents said they would back Ohio Gov. John Kasich if Rubio dropped out and only 13 percent of Rubio backers said they d support front-runner Donald Trump.Nine percent said they d vote for someone else and 5 percent don t know.Morning Consult interviewed 8,732 registered voters from March 11 to 15, including 3,372 Republicans and Republican-leaning independents. Via: NY Post",0
14276,HUCKABEE : ‘Hillary Is In for the Ride of Her Life” With Trump…She And Bill Won’t Know What To Do [VIDEO]," The reason I m sitting here in this chair tonight and not on the stage, is because, like everyone else, I underestimated Donald Trump.",0
14277,WATCH: HARVARD STUDENTS Caught On Tape Saying White People Should Kill Themselves For Having “White Privilege”,"Is there a worse crime than being a white male in America? Unless you re a gay male, you have no victim protection. So technically, in a liberals world your life has no real value. It s hard to argue with these  bright  Harvard students who say things like, Your life  ain t  worth it.  I m pretty sure the student featured in this video s parents (if they had to pay the $57,000 tuition tab that  privileged  kids parents have to pay) wouldn t be too happy about his clearly underdeveloped language skills. Why does white life have value? Our argument is that we should never affirm white life. So, should he kill himself? I don t see why not. Why should he do that? How does that help? It s ethical. How is it ethical? We all have some form or another of privilege. Why does that mean we should kill ourselves Because you have WHITE privilege. Why does having white privilege necessarily mean I should kill myself? Why shouldn t I like struggle against the structure thing? Struggling against the structure means putting yourself on the line, putting your body on the line. Do it. Affirmative suicide,  I mean, it s one little step in the right direction Watch: White life is wrong,  Feliciano was quoted as saying by Infowars.com.  Our argument is that we should never affirm white life. White life is based off black subjugation. When a white debater asked Feliciano whether he should commit suicide, Feliciano said  I don t see why not, it s ethical. When the white debater suggested that it might be better to remain alive and fight the social forces that promote  white privilege,  Feliciano rejects the notion.Ironically, the debate topic was supposed to be about renewable energy. The black debaters simply  chose  to point out their opponents  skin color and begin advocating genocide,  reported InvestmentWatchdogBlog.com.  They expressly stated that these were their  sincere beliefs,  not just an argument to win a debate. Feliciano and Davis are not some anonymous student crackpots posing as serious debaters.They form a respected two-person debate team that took second place at the 2013 Cross-Examination Debate Association Nationals, according to Infowars.com.Feliciano also acts as an instructor at the Eddie Conway Liberation Institute, an annual debate camp at Coppin State University that reportedly instructs high school students on debate strategy and radical thought, Infowars reported.The institute is named after former Black Panther Party member Eddie Conway, who was convicted and imprisoned for 44 years for his involvement with the 1970 murder of a Baltimore police officer. Via:EAG News ",0
14278,"RAPPER Who Met With Obama In White House To Strategize, Tweets Threat: “Dear white people if Trump wins young niggas such as myself are fully hell bent on inciting riots everywhere we go”","A little over one year ago, radical activist, and rapper, Tef Poe was sitting in our White House discussing strategy with our Community Organizer in Chief. Today, he s taken to Twitter to warn White Americans that their support for Donald Trump won t happen without paying a heavy price. In his tweets, he promises violence and spews hate from every pore of his racist body. Yes, these are the types of people Barack Hussein Obama has meeting with him in our White House to discuss  strategy.  When you consider all of the important and historical world figures who have met with former Presidents in our White House, it should cause every American to pause and wonder what kind of monster is residing at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave today.https://twitter.com/TefPoe/status/710167227627147266In December, 2014, President Obama invited several youth activists to the White House to discuss #Ferguson, police brutality, race and more.A day after meeting with President Obama, some of those very activists Ashley Yates, Tef-Poe, T-Dubb-O, James Hayes, Jose Lopez, and Phillip Agnew held a conference call to discuss their feelings following speaking with the president. Via: EbonyTrump wins aint no more rules fammo. We've been too nice as is.  Creating. (@TefPoe) March 16, 2016Even a clock is correct twice a day:She built a political career off the blood and pain of innocent people, now thinks she deserves thanks #DemTownHall https://t.co/Yjl48HVPwj  People For Bernie (@People4Bernie) March 14, 2016 ",0
14279,WATCH: TRUMP’S NEW BRUTAL Anti-Hillary Ad Has Her Barking Like A Dog,"Just wait until Trump starts getting serious about taking Hillary down. You haven t see anything yet This is just a warm-up folks Is this what we want for a President?A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Mar 16, 2016 at 9:15am PDTHere s the 20 second hysterical loop of Hillary barking if you can torture yourself long enough to watch:https://youtu.be/yhyt8PP1zXQ",0
14280,5 KEY THINGS To Know About Obama’s Supreme Court Nominee…One Is A BIG Deal Breaker!,"The Senate had better stick to their guns on this! They say they will not bring up Merrick Garland for a vote as a Supreme Court Nominee but will wait for the new administration. McConnell is done if he goes back on his word. He spoke on the Senate floor today to say that the Senate will not take up this vote. SIX REPUBLICAN SENATORS HAVE ALREADY SAID THEY LL MEET WITH GARLAND:Sen. Mark Kirk (R-Ill.), Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.), Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine), Sen. Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.) and Sen. Rob Portman (R-Ohio)One of the five things below is a BIG deal breaker Judge Garland is anti-Second Amendment 1. Garland is considered anti-Second Amendment. As the National Review noted last week:  Back in 2007, Judge Garland voted to undo a D.C. Circuit court decision striking down one of the most restrictive gun laws in the nation  and voted  to uphold an illegal Clinton-era regulation that created an improvised gun registration requirement.  Obama will use his pick to pursue a gun control agenda.2. Garland has favored environmental regulations. As SCOTUSblog noted in 2010:  On environmental law, Judge Garland has in a number of cases favored contested EPA regulations and actions when challenged by industry, and in other cases he has accepted challenges brought by environmental groups.  That could be very important, with Obama s Clean Power Plan in the balance.3. Garland s positions on abortion and social issues are murky. Some liberals are worried that Garland may not be unambiguously pro-choice. Richard Wolf of USA Today writes:  During 19 years at the D.C. Circuit, Garland has managed to keep a low profile. The court s largely administrative docket has left him without known positions on issues such as abortion or the death penalty. 4. Garland would maintain the Court s demographic profile. He is the second Chicagoan Obama has nominated. He is no  wise Latina,  and is the first man Obama has chosen. But Garland, like Scalia, is a graduate of Harvard Law, keeping the number of Crimson justices at five. If confirmed, he would also be the fourth Jew on the Court, preserving the odd exclusion of evangelical Protestants.5. Republicans have supported Garland in the past. Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-UT) in particular has been outspoken in his support for Garland as the best Republicans could expect from the Clinton administration. More recently, he suggested he would welcome Garland s nomination but predicted that Obama would make a more ideological pick. That makes Garland harder for the GOP to oppose.Via: Breitbart",0
14281,"“We choose the nominee, not the people” – GOP Official [Video]"," The media has created the perception that the voters choose the nomination. That s the conflict here,  Curly Haugland, an unbound GOP delegate from North Dakota, told CNBC s  Squawk Box  on Wednesday. He even questioned why primaries and caucuses are held. Political parties, not voters, choose their presidential nominees, a Republican convention rules member told CNBC, a day after GOP front-runner Donald Trump rolled up more big primary victories. The media has created the perception that the voters choose the nomination. That s the conflict here,  Curly Haugland, an unbound GOP delegate from North Dakota, told CNBC s  Squawk Box  on Wednesday. He even questioned why primaries and caucuses are held.Haugland is one of 112 Republican delegates who are not required to cast their support for any one candidate because their states and territories don t hold primaries or caucuses.Even with Trump s huge projected delegate haul in four state primaries Tuesday, the odds are increasing the billionaire businessman may not ultimately get the 1,237 delegates needed to claim the GOP nomination before the convention.This could lead to a brokered convention, in which unbound delegates, like Haugland, could play a significant swing role on the first ballot to choose a nominee.Most delegates bound by their state s primary or caucus results are only committed on the first ballot. If subsequent ballots are needed, virtually all of the delegates can vote any way they want, said Gary Emineth, another unbound delegate from North Dakota. It could introduce Paul Ryan, Mitt Romney, or it could be the other candidates that have already been in the race and are now out of the race [such as] Mike Huckabee [or] Rick Santorum. All those people could eventually become candidates on the floor,  Emineth said.Read more: CNBC",0
14282,BREAKING: FLORIDA GOV RICK SCOTT ENDORSES DONALD TRUMP…Says It’s Time For GOP To Come Together, ,0
14283,BREAKING: SCREW THE FRONT-RUNNERS Chosen By “We The People”…The GOP Establishment Has Other Plans,"Here s the REAL reason Mitt Romney came out against Trump. If you can t beat a candidate ON THE SAME TEAM fair and square, resort to plan B right? Ironically, if the GOP establishment fought back against Obama as hard as they re fighting against Trump, he wouldn t likely be the front-runner right now.Former Speaker of the House John Boehner has endorsed current Speaker Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) for president, in the event that no Republican candidate achieves a majority on the first ballot at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July.Politico reports that Boehner, speaking at a conference in Boca Raton, Florida, said:  If we don t have a nominee who can win on the first ballot, I m for none of the above. They all had a chance to win. None of them won. So I m for none of the above. I m for Paul Ryan to be our nominee. Late Tuesday evening, as results from primary contests confirmed Donald Trump s victories in four out of five states, CNBC reported that Ryan had not ruled out accepting such a nomination.EXCLUSIVE: Paul Ryan won't categorically rule out accepting GOP nominationif a deadlocked convention turns to him https://t.co/kuxSyWEDZg  CNBC Now (@CNBCnow) March 16, 2016Ryan was welcomed by conservatives as Mitt Romney s choice for running mate in 2012. The pro-life fiscal conservative had led the charge to reform entitlements, and used his policy prowess to point out the deep flaws in Obamacare during the intense debates of 2009-10.In the aftermath of that 2012 loss, Ryan turned his attention to the task of governing rather than opposing, convinced that Republicans shared responsibility with Democrats and the president. As a result, he showed an openness to compromise on immigration and on budget issues that resulted in the erosion of some conservative support. Via: Breitbart News",0
14284,WATCH RELATIVES SPEAK OUT After Teen Caught In Robbery Is Shot And Killed: “how he going to get his money to have clothes to go to school?”,"The attitudes of the family members defending this thug who violated an innocent woman when he broke into her home is astounding. After eight long years of listening to a President justify why minorities should be able to break laws with no penalties, get in line in front of people who are white or have more income when it comes to college acceptance or employment opportunities, this is the result.  Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton will only perpetuate this un-American, entitelment behavior. The family of a teenager who was shot and killed while committing an armed robbery is speaking out today.Seventeen year old Trevon Johnson was shot by a homeowner who came home to check on an alarm at her home. She saw Johnson leaving the home and altercation ensued. During the altercation, Johnson was shot once. He died of his wounds. I don t care if she have her gun license or any of that. That is way beyond the law   way beyond,  said Johnson s cousin Nautika Harris to local media outlet WFOR. You have to look at it from every child s point of view that was raised in the hood,  she said.  You have to understand  how he going to get his money to have clothes to go to school? You have to look at it from his point-of-view. He was not supposed to die like this. He had a future ahead of him. Trevon had goals  he was a funny guy, very big on education, loved learning. Via:Controversial Times",0
14285,BREAKING: Obama Nominates Liberal Merrick Garland For Supreme Court Justice,"Obama decides to nominate Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court even though the Senate announced they would wait until a new administration to confirm a nominee. This is an attempt to box in the Republicans in the Senate. This nominee is left on some things and right on others like criminal justice but has been supported in the past as a judge who  will articulate a broad progressive vision for the law . This should be interesting: To be clear, Garland s record does not suggest that he would join the Court s right flank if confirmed to the Supreme Court. He would likely vote much more often than not with the Supreme Court s liberals. Here s the skinny on left leaning Garland:Garland is unquestionably qualified to sit on the Supreme Court. A 19 year veteran of the DC Circuit   a court that is widely viewed as the second-most powerful in the nation   Garland graduated with high honors from Harvard Law School. He clerked for Justice William Brennan, and spent a few years as a partner in the multinational law firm Arnold and Porter. He also held senior positions in the Justice Department, including a leadership role in the department s criminal division and a stint as Principal Associate Deputy Attorney General.At age 63, Garland is also the oldest person nominated to the Supreme Court since President Nixon named Justice Lewis Powell in 1971. Thus, if confirmed, Garland is unlikely to match   or even approach   Justice Scalia s nearly 30 years on the Supreme Court. Garland s relatively advanced age may help explain why Hatch floated the DC Circuit chief judge as his ideal Obama nominee. Another factor that almost certainly played a role is Garland s reputation for moderation. In 2003, for example, Garland joined an opinion holding that the federal judiciary lacks the authority  to assert habeas corpus jurisdiction at the behest of an alien held at a military base leased from another nation, a military base outside the sovereignty of the United States    an opinion that effectively prohibited Guantanamo Bay detainees from seeking relief in civilian courts. A little over a year later, the Supreme Court reversed this decision in Rasul v. Bush. Although, in fairness, it should be noted that legal experts disagree about whether the decision Garland joined was mandated by existing precedents. The former prosecutor also has a relatively conservative record on criminal justice. A 2010 examination of his decisions by SCOTUS Blog s Tom Goldstein determined that  Judge Garland rarely votes in favor of criminal defendants  appeals of their convictions.  Goldstein  identified only eight such published rulings,  in addition to seven where  he voted to reverse the defendant s sentence in whole or in part, or to permit the defendant to raise a argument relating to sentencing on remand,  during the 13 years Garland had then spent on the DC Circuit. To be clear, Garland s record does not suggest that he would join the Court s right flank if confirmed to the Supreme Court. He would likely vote much more often than not with the Supreme Court s liberals.Read more: Think Progress",0
14286,HARVARD BULLIED INTO Dropping 80 Year Old “Racist” Law School Emblem,"Harvard is agreeing to erase the history of their Law School founder to satisfy individuals or groups who don t agree with him. Didn t we see something similar to this happening in the Middle East? It wasn t that long ago that ISIS destroyed all symbols of Christianity in Iraq and other countries because they represented the history of Christ and was offensive to the Islamic terrorists. Did Americans think that was okay? This politically incorrect nonsense needs to stop before every ounce of history has been sanitized from our public and private schools, colleges and universities Harvard University has decided to drop its famous law school emblem after a handful of students said it was racist because it was tied to an 18th-century family of slave holders.The Harvard Corporation, the body that governs the university, voted in favor of a Harvard Law School committee recommendation to drop the seal. Harvard s president, Drew Faust, told the dean of the law school, Martha Minow, he approved the idea, Reuters reported.The emblem has been around since 1936. It shows three sheaves of wheat with the motto,  Veritas,  the Latin word for truth, scrolled across the top.The image comes from the coat of arms used by the family of Isaac Royall, a man the media paints as the son of an Antiguan slaveholder   who was also the endower of the first law professorship at the university, Reuters said. Via: WNDThe university denied it was revising history.Maybe they were just caving to threats or threatening behavior like this protest that took place on campus. Students can be seen here protesting at Harvard University over death of thug, Michael Brown:Harvard protestors crowd at the Law School to rally against the #Ferguson decision, yelling ""no justice, no peace."" pic.twitter.com/cHMSaM1KNY  Meg Bernhard (@meg_bernhard) December 1, 2014 In light of recent events, Drew Faust shows her support. pic.twitter.com/p8ej81vxZa  Harvard University (@Harvard) December 11, 201412-11-14 Harvard President Drew Faust declared via Twitter that  black lives matter.  Harvard s official Twitter account posted an image Wednesday of Faust wearing a t-shirt with the movement s slogan and the statement,  In light of recent events, Drew Faust shows her support. In November, 2015, Portraits of black Harvard Law School faculty members were defaced on  a day after a campus rally for black students, according to the law school. Several portraits were discovered Thursday with black strips of tape placed diagonally over the black faculty members  faces. The portraits were on the first floor of Wasserstein Hall, which houses two hallways with more than 180 framed portraits of law professors.Harvard Law School Dean Michele Minow said in a statement  The Harvard University Police Department is investigating the incident as a hate crime. Harvard Law School students started a Facebook page with the following stated mission: We are a movement of students calling for the decolonization of our campus, the symbols, the curriculum and the history of Harvard Law SchoolHere is a post from that page: While we accept the request to change the shield, we do so on the understanding that the school will actively explore other steps to recognize rather than to suppress the realities of its history, mindful of our shared obligation to honor the past not be seeking to erase it, but rather by bringing it to light and learning from it,  Faust said, Reuters reported. Via: WNDIn the end, we can t help but wonder how much this former Harvard Law School student, turned Commuity Agitator in Chief had to do with their decision to erase history at Harvard:  ",0
14287,OBAMA TRIES TO CONDEMN TRUMP SUPPORTERS But Gets It Thrown Right Back In His Face [Video],How dare Obama the worst president and most divisive ever says the supporters of Trump are using  violent campaign rhetoric . ,0
14288,THE ULTIMATE HYPOCRITE: Who Are The Billionaires Funding Campaign Of Candidate Who Mocks…Billionaires,"While Bernie Sanders has pitched himself as the presidential candidate for the little guy   tapping into the wallets of voters angry over Wall Street s influence in politics   a deeper dive shows Sanders has enlisted an arsenal of millionaire and billionaire backers who have backed his political career since his early Senate runs a decade ago.That big-money support stands in sharp contrast to Sanders  calls for corporate fat-cats and the uber-wealthy to pay their  fair share  in taxes by closing loopholes and removing breaks that benefit the mega-rich.At a rally last Sunday at The Ohio State University, Sanders told a cheering crowd,  You can tell a lot about a candidate based on how he or she raises money for his or her campaign. The comment goes hand-in-hand with the theme Sanders has been hammering for months. I am not raising money from millionaires and billionaires,  Sanders said during the CNN Democratic primary debate in Las Vegas on Oct. 13.  In fact, tonight, in terms of what a political revolution is about, there are 4,000 house parties   100,000 people in this country   watching this debate tonight who want real change in this country. Sanders war chest has been driven by smaller donations   he raised $26 million in small increments in the third fund-raising quarter.Jeff Weaver, Sanders  campaign manager, insists the fancy fundraisers and big-name donors are few and far between and that there is no contradiction in what the Vermont Democrat and self-described socialist practices and what he preaches. We don t have a super PAC,  Weaver told FoxNews.com.  We rely on small contributions. Average contribution is $27. Are there some, a few people in there who have more money, personal money who give larger contributions? Yeah, of course they do, but within the federal $2700 limit. No, you know, no 50, 100, 2 million contributions. But for years Sanders has enjoyed donations from a handful of wealthy donors including media moguls Leo J. Hindery and Steven C. Markoff.Markoff, who donated to Sanders  2012 Senate campaign, began trading rare coins when he was 11. By 2004, his company A-Mark Entertainment was listed as the 65th largest privately held company in the U.S., and the second largest in Los Angeles.Hindrey, managing partner of the private equity fund InterMedia Partners and former chief executive of AT & T Broadband and of the YES Network, also maxed out on contributions to Sanders. Hindrey, while advocating for fewer tax breaks for the wealthy, is among the biggest Democratic fundraisers in the country.Another big money donor to Sanders  campaign is David Geffen, co-founder of DreamWorks Animation and worth a cool $6.9 billion. According to campaign finance records, Geffen donated the max at the time   $2,500   to Sanders Senate campaign on Jan. 27, 2012.But Lara Brown, director of George Washington University s political management program, told FoxNews.com that she doesn t see a big push-back from Sanders supporters. By and large, Democrats tend to believe these individuals are giving because they have a strong progressive/liberal orientation in their politics and they are doing this because it equates to them giving to a cause,  she said, adding that the same would be true for big-money donors in Silicon Valley and the tech industry.Via: FOX News ",0
14289,[VIDEO] RUBIO GETS WALLOPED IN FL…Blames GOP Establishment For Rise Of Trump…SUSPENDS Campaign, ,0
14290,WATCH HILLARY LIE About Libya To Supporters: ” We Didn’t Lose A Single Person”,"The families of the four dead Americans you left behind beg to differ. Not that you care, but Benghazi was kind of a big story for the rest of America Hillary During a town hall meeting in Illinois on Monday Democrat Hillary Clinton said the United States  didn t lose a single person.  The remark was made in defense of the NATO invasion in 2011 following the adoption of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973.Via: InfoWars",0
14291,WOW! CHICAGO PROTESTER Caught On Camera Admits Violent Activity Was Pre-Planned: “It’s not gonna be peaceful”,"Here s proof that the violence we saw taking place in Chicago was well organized:@realDonaldTrumpPre Planed Chicago Left Wing Violence At Trump Rally#MakeAmericaGreatAgain#VoteTrump       pic.twitter.com/BdW5XrC3LH  Richard Weaving (@RichardWeaving) March 12, 2016Textbook Alinsky. Obama s domestic terrorist friend, bomber and college professor, Bill Ayers appears to be the spokesperson, while other angry paid protesters join in.***LANGUAGE ALERT***More vile protesters here. Our personal favorite is the angry white woman admonishing the reporter for being white:h/t Gateway Pundit",0
14292,OOPS! DONALD TRUMP’S NAME MISSING From Ballots In Florida,"Oh never mind, the snafu has been explained It s simply because voters didn t get the  correct one.  Problem solved  Leading Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump s name was left off Florida primary ballots according to reports relayed by Fox News  Jennifer Eckhart on Twitter who said the local Fox affiliate has received  dozens of complaints. Eckhart wrote the irregularities are in  Jupiter County  which does not exist. She probably meant the town of Jupiter or Palm Beach County where Jupiter is located. Palm Beach County is where Trump s Florida base Mar-a-Lago is located.Hearing reports from friends in my home state of Florida that @realDonaldTrump is left OFF of voting ballots at various polling stations  Jennifer Eckhart (@JenniferEckhart) March 15, 2016 Hearing reports from friends in my home state of Florida that @realDonaldTrump is left OFF of voting ballots at various polling stations @realDonaldTrump Up to 15 people now have called me to complain that Trump is left off their voting ballot in Florida @DonaldJTrumpJr  Jennifer Eckhart (@JenniferEckhart) March 15, 2016.@samuraiEighty returned ballot said they were given the ""wrong one"" called local Fox affiliate   they've received dozens of complaints  Jennifer Eckhart (@JenniferEckhart) March 15, 2016If you're a registered voter in Florida and you've received a ballot w/ @realDonaldTrump OFF the ballot   contact me. @FoxNews on the story.  Jennifer Eckhart (@JenniferEckhart) March 15, 2016Via: Gateway Pundit",0
14293,WATCH INSANE VIDEOS…CHICAGO COP Spills The Beans About What REALLY Happened In Chicago,"The leftist media was quick to blame Donald Trump for the organized chaos and riots that were fueled by paid protesters who, when pressed by FOX News reporters, clearly had no idea why they were there. Jim Acosta, of CNN News, admitted the number of anti-Trump protesters and amount of violence was underreported, but laid the blame squarely on Trump:  Donald Trump, for whatever reason decided to hold a rally, almost in the Lion s Den. the media didn t report that protesters were running through parking lots and breaking windows of cars with Trump stickers on them The protests launched by militant leftists who shut down Donald Trump s Chicago rally were far more aggressive and destructive than reported, says a Chicago Police officer. It seems the [media] aren t broadcasting footage of the debris being thrown across Harrison by Sanders/Hillary supporters at Trump fans,  the officer wrote shortly after the canceled Trump event.The officer, who posed anonymously on the Second City Cop blog, also noted the media didn t report that protesters were running through parking lots and breaking windows of cars with Trump stickers on them, or that the department called out emergency Incident Teams to cope with the anti-Trump riot at the University of Illinois in Chicago.Later that same day the officer posted a second, much longer post, to detail the failures of the police leaders to plan for and respond to the protests.The officer insisted there was  pretty much zero in terms of a unified Command Post  for the event, and that officers had no central command to report to or coordinate response from.This video shows woefully unprepared the Chicago police force was to deal with these well-trained, paid, organized agitators. Note the Palestine flag at the 2:06 mark and person on loudspeaker chant  Allah  at the 2:26 mark: Who wrote this plan?  the officer wrote.  We ve seen and heard reports that UIC was woefully unprepared for this. They had their own people and Monterey Security inside. The Secret Service had a presence, but they re restricted to dignitary protection. The ISP had a squad there. And CPD. So where were the people geared up for a riot? For NATO we had an entire strike force geared up and ready to go. We had the Mounted Unit up and running. Tens of dozens of bikes. Did no one see this coming? [quote_box_center]Radio Host, John Cardillo told his audience today that a trusted police officer friend in Chicago told him this weekend that before the UIC rally 70% of police officers supported Donald Trump. After the rally was called off and GOP candidates sided with the violent mob   90% of police officers support Donald Trump.[/quote_box_center]The officer went on to insist that suddenly emptying the pavilion of Trump fans and  putting a few thousand people out on the street as targets  was a terrible decision. This decision led to many unnecessary confrontations between Trump fans and the anarchist protesters, the officer said. It also led to unnecessary property damage, the officer said.Next came a long list of questions:Who gave up the expressway? Who let them block ambulances? Why did they not assemble citywide Incident Teams as soon as they knew the rally was canceled? Tact Teams? We even heard Mass Arrest kits weren t available and only one transport wagon on scene in case arrests were made.The criticism went farther.Who ever drew up this order failed miserably. Whatever the Intelligence Section was doing wasn t nearly enough. The On Scene Incident Commander failed to anticipate even the best case scenario and every other appointee showed how incompetent they really were by not ordering up more reinforcements and more units on stand-by.Video that hasn t gotten much play since that night also showed that the protests were far more raucous than previously reported.In all, it seems that at least this one Chicago Police Officer felt that the CPD fell down on the job during this incident. ",0
14294,"THE BEST OF WATTERS’ WORLD: “If liberals are so creative, why can’t Obama create jobs?”",Jesse Watters  is pretty awesome! He s great at making people think but being funny at the same time. Pretty awesome! ,0
14295,KASICH WANTS AMNESTY FOR ILLEGALS BUT A GRIEVING MOTHER RESPONDS: “Visit the grave of my murdered child”,"The many, many murders and rapes of American citizens at the hands of people who re here illegally is sickening. Illegal alien criminals are released or deported just to come back and commit another crime. Our elected leaders have done a poor job of protecting the legal citizens of this country BUT they re welcoming in and expecting us to pay for illegals with our tax dollars. We have a perfect example of that in Gov. John Kasich who s stated that he would give amnesty to the millions of illegals within 100 days of the beginning of his presidency. Unreal! A mother of a son who was killed by an illegal gives her take on this proposal by Kasich: It s all so senseless,  Maureen Maloney said of the death of countless Americans at the hands of illegal aliens.Maloney s 23 year-old son Matthew was hit by a repeat-offending illegal alien drunk driver. Although Matthew survived the initial crash, he died as he was subsequently dragged a quarter of a mile caught in the wheel well of the illegal alien s pick up truck  as the alien sought to flee the crime scene.  Witnesses who saw [Matthew] pinned screaming under the truck ran out and pounded on the vehicle, crying out to the driver who kept going '[Matthew] was alive for a good portion of it,  wrote one report from the time. NATIONAL DAY OF REMEMBRANCE FOR STOLEN LIVES He wanted to be a police officer,  Maloney said of her young son, who was voted  most dependable  by his high school senior class.  He had taken the civil service exam  He liked to help people and do good. He was just a law-abiding person,  she said quietly. The person who killed him should not have been in this country,  Maloney explained, noting that Matthew s killer  had assaulted police officers, he had assaulted paramedics, multiple drunk drivings, domestic violence and each time he had a run in with the police, he d go to court, pay his fine and be let go,  Maloney said. Somebody needs to start putting American lives first.  Somebody has to take care of the people that are in this country legally,  Maloney declared.  Read more: BreitbartHERE S THE ACCOUNT OF WHAT HAPPENED IN MILFORD:An illegal immigrant charged with drunken driving and hitting a motorcyclist and dragging him a quarter of a mile to his death was ordered held on $100,000 bail during his arraignment in Milford District Court yesterday. Nicholas Guaman, 34, of Milford, pleaded not guilty to vehicular homicide, driving under the influence of alcohol, leaving the scene of an accident involving personal injury and death, possession of an open container, failing to stop for police, unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle, failure to yield at a stop sign, wanton or reckless conduct creating risk to a child, and resisting arrest. Mr. Guaman, a native of Ecuador, is being investigated by federal immigration officials. He was held on a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement detainer and bail was set at $100,000, according to court officials. Police say Mr. Guaman was drunk when he ran a stop sign about 7:45 p.m. Saturday night and struck the motorcycle driven by Matthew Denice, 23, of Milford. Witnesses told police Mr. Denice was stuck in the wheel well of Mr. Guaman s pickup truck and was dragged about a quarter of a mile, despite people chasing the truck and banging on the sides screaming at the driver to stop. Mr. Denice was declared dead at Milford Regional Medical Center. Mr. Guaman s 6-year-old son, who was in the truck, was not injured. Authorities said Mr. Guaman is in the country illegally and could face deportation. During Mr. Guaman s arraignment, a prosecutor said that after Mr. Guaman s truck dragged Mr. Denice for more than a quarter of a mile, Mr. Guaman made a turn and drove onto a sidewalk. At that point, Mr. Denice was dislodged from the truck. Mr. Guaman then backed up over Mr. Denice and drove off, prosecutors said. He was stopped by Milford police a short time later. Mr. Guaman s lawyer, Craig Tavares, did not immediately return a call seeking comment.  We have two major issues here,  Mr. Denice s mother, Maureen Maloney, told reporters.  The drinking and driving, and illegals driving without a license. I m not against people coming to this country, it s a wonderful country, but do it the right way and abide by the laws once you re here.  Pablo Guaman, who owns the truck Nicholas Guaman was driving, was charged with allowing an unlicensed driver to drive a motor vehicle. Authorities were unsure whether the two are related.Via: Telegram",0
14296,BREAKING…Internal Memo From OBAMA’S Corrupt EPA: FLINT NOT WORTH “Going Out On A Limb For”,"Wow! Bernie and Hillary have been making hay over the Flint water crisis for months now, using the crisis to secure votes from the black community.  Leftists have been converging on the city like rats in search of the last peice of cheese on earth and now we have proof that Obama s EPA knew about the crisis, but didn t think the people of Flint were worthy of protecting.An internal Environmental Protection Agency memo showed officials didn t think  Flint is the community we want to go out on a limb for  while residents of the Michigan town drank lead-contaminated water.House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Chairman Jason Chaffetz presented an internal memo between the EPA official who oversees Michigan, a branch manager in the EPA s Region 5, the associate director of the water division for Region 5 and an EPA environmental engineer about the water crisis in Flint.In the memo, one of the officials   it wasn t clear who based on the screen shown by Chaffetz   said Flint wasn t worth helping. Perhaps she already knows all this, but I m not so sure Flint is the community we want to go out on a limb for,  the memo stated.Chaffetz was incredulous at the memo. Are you kidding me?  he said, looking at Susan Hedman, the former director of EPA s Region 5, which oversees much of the Midwest including Michigan. Why isn t Flint the community they go to? Of all the communities, the community having trouble is the one you go all out for,  Chaffetz said.  Via: Washington Examiner",0
14297,HOW WE KNOW AMERICA IS FINALLY WINNING: Popular Leftist Publication Urges Anti-Trump Thugs To STOP Protesting,"There hasn t been a time in decades when the Left has been so concerned about a presidential election. Sure, there have been times when the election has been close, but a strong get out the vote effort, a scheme to prevent our overseas military s vote from counting, coupled with a unparalled voter fraud network has always kept the Democrat contender in the race. With November only eight months away, is there going to be enough time to cast enough dead, illegal and mulitple votes from single voters to make up the difference in the massive number of voters  Donald Trump will bring to the polls?The Left is panicking and the paid protesters who threatened Trump supporters and rioted in Chicago are proof they re losing their grip on the election. Donald Trump has them running scared, and that can only be a good thing, as America has never been in more trouble than we are today. Electing a candidate from the party who has intentionally divided and pitted Americans against each other for eight long years is no longer an option for anyone who loves our country.Here s a sample of what s happening today in Florida:#FloridaPrimary #SuperTuesday #Vote @realDonaldTrump #QueEstadosUnidosSeaGrandeOtraVez #TrumpTrain #MIAMI pic.twitter.com/CGKI6HqjvN  Lady #MAGA~Bethany (@thetimewasthen) March 14, 2016Donald Trump s supporters aren t fazed by his decision to cancel an appearance at a Chicago rally over the weekend in fact, they are more likely to vote for him to be the Republican nominee because of it.That s according to a new poll of likely Republican voters conducted by Monmouth University. It confirms something I ve long suspected (and have argued in previous articles): the antics of left-wing agitators are driving ordinary people into the arms of Trump.The poll noted that pro-Trump and anti-Trump forces clashed in Chicago last Friday, which prompted Trump to cancel the event. It then asked respondents whether this fact made them more or less likely to support Trump. Just 11 percent said they were less likely to support Trump because of this decision. Another 22 percent said they were actually more likely to back Trump, and 66 percent said their views were unchanged.Leftist protesters who vehemently oppose Trump would do well to remember that in a free society, even contemptible speakers are permitted to be heard. As New York Magazine s Jonathan Chait wrote in a recent piece:But the whole premise of democracy is that rules need to be applied in every case without regard to the merit of the underlying cause to which it is attached. If you defend the morality of a tactic against Trump, then you should be prepared to defend its morality against any candidate. Now imagine that right-wing protesters had set out to disrupt Barack Obama s speeches in 2008. If you re not okay with that scenario, you should not be okay with protesters doing it to Trump.Indeed. But the Monmouth poll is good evidence that letting Trump speak is not merely the morally correct, philosophically consistent course of action: It s the tactically sound one as well. When the left stops Trump from speaking, Trump wins. He gets to tell his people that the forces of far-left activism and political correctness are trying to silence him. Implicitly, he is suggesting to his followers that when he becomes president, the tides will turn: see his promise to make it easier to sue newspapers for criticizing him. Trump supporters adore this shtick. Stop giving them ammunition.Via: Reason",0
14298,HOW OBAMA MADE IT POSSIBLE For Protesters To Be ARRESTED And Sent To JAIL For Disrupting Trump Rallies,"So is anyone else wondering why the cop-hating, racist, Bernie Sanders supporter Tommy DiMassimo wasn t arrested and charged with a felony? Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump s campaign rallies have become a fixture in the 2016 election season as much for the candidate s rambling speeches as for the frequent interruptions of said speeches.Demonstrators have filed in to Trump rallies across the country, shouting their anti-Trump messages and promptly being ridiculed by rally-goers and led out by law enforcement.On Saturday, Trump began to call for the arrest of protesters as he was repeatedly interrupted, raising questions about the legality of protest and whether Trump can press charges against demonstrators. So what are the answers?The short answer is, no.According to H.R. 347 (signed into law by Barack Hussein Obama in February, 2012) it is ILLEGAL under CURRENT FEDERAL to protest of any type, in an area under protection by the U.S. Secret Service.Because Donald Trump is under Secret Service Protection (as is Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders) and has been since November of 2015, it is a FEDERAL CRIME to protest at campaign rallies, and is in fact, punishable by imprisonment.Free Speech isn t covered at ANY Trump, Clinton, Sanders (or Cruz, Rubio, Kasich) rally because protests are considered to be  knowingly impeding or disrupting the orderly conduct of an official Federal function. Law enforcement has simply tossed out protesters at Trump rallies, but H.R. 347 states that they could be imprisoned for up to a year for trespassing.Demonstrators are technically relegated to free speech zones much like the ones seen on college campuses.Such zones are often used to keep dissenters away from media attention, according to the American Civil Liberties Union.At a recent Trump event at Valdosta State University, in Georgia, the two designated free speech zones were not in sight of the arena where the rally was held. One was a quarter mile away.Trump can call for the arrest of whomever he wants, but he can t do the arresting.He has said, however, that he is  going to start pressing charges  against protesters as a way to intimidate them into thinking twice about demonstrating at his rallies.Based on the change to H.R. 347 in 2012, he may have grounds to press for trespassing charges against any protester who walked into the rally knowing it was a restricted area, according to the ACLU. Via: Mashable",0
14299,WHOA! SOROS-LINKED GROUP Funding Ohio’s John Kasich Campaign,"Soros is a Hungarian immigrant who s doing his best to turn America into a weak third world failed country. He s behind Obama and behind so many of the bad things that have happened to America in the past 7 years. He s as dirty as it gets so it s no surprise that he s behind the effort to bring down Donald Trump. If you live in Ohio, please make an effort to NOT vote for Kasich tomorrow because it s a vote for far left open border policies. As new reports break that a George Soros-linked group is taking credit for efforts to violently disrupt GOP frontrunner Donald Trump s campaign rallies, the Center for Responsive Politics reveals that another George Soros-linked group is coordinating another furtive operation to stop Trump by financing the campaign of John Kasich.According to the Center for Responsive Politics, Soros Fund Management is one of John Kasich s top financial contributors.George Soros a liberal progressive donor  has been a top funder of the push to open America s borders. According to a 2013 CNS News report,  Soros s Open Society Foundation proudly claimed to have given $100 million dollars to  immigrant rights  projects in the United States.  According to the report, those that have been the beneficiaries of that $100 million include La Raza (Soros funding $2.4 million), the Immigrant Legal Resource Center (Soros funding $1.6 million), as well as Amnesty International (Soros funding $844,088) and Immigration Equality (Soros funding: $301,667).In addition, Soros has been financially linked to the National Immigration Forum the group behind the  Evangelical Immigration Table (EIT). As Breitbart reported in 2013, the Evangelical Immigration Table  is actually a front group for players on the institutional left including billionaire George Soros  EIT is running a $250,000 advertising campaign in favor of the Senate s  Gang of Eight  immigration bill. Soros money is frequently tied to groups with innocuous sounding names that promote radical agendas  such as the Evangelical Immigration Table.Interestingly, as Breitbart News has previously reported, John Kasich has made a series of extreme statements on immigration that place him to the furthest leftward reaches of not just the GOP Presidential field, but the Democratic Presidential field as well. For instance, Kasich has said that enforcing our immigration laws and deporting the illegal immigrants is not  humane.  Kasich likened deportations to the Japanese internment camps of World War II. Kasich has also pledged that he will enact amnesty within the first 100 days of his hoped-for Presidency  in effect, meaning that those who support John Kasich s presidential campaign are voting to enact the largest amnesty in U.S. history by April 30, 2017.The Washington Times reported in January of 2015, George Soros was also behind the funding of the Ferguson protests,  Mr. Soros gave at least $33 million in one year to support already-established groups that emboldened the grass-roots, on-the-ground activists in Ferguson, according to the most recent tax filings of his nonprofit Open Society Foundations. As the 2013 CNS report documents,  Soros has aided hundreds of left-wing groups in America since 2000 under the auspices of his Open Society Foundations. In just 10 years, he gave more than $550 million to liberal organizations in the United States.Read more: Breitbart",0
14300,YES! SHERIFF CALLS OUT HILLARY CLINTON For Blatantly Inviting Illegals Into America On Your Dime [Video],Hillary and Bernie are pandering to the Hispanic population and other Americans who are just fine with accepting illegal aliens into America. The truth is that illegals cost American taxpayers BILLIONS in tax dollars every year. We foot the bill for these people! Please listen to Sheriff Babeau speak about this injustice put on Americans every year: ,0
14301,POLICE OFFICER Asks Daughter’s School To Remove Hateful Drawing From Display…School Has SHOCKING Response,"What do you think about the school s response to this police officer s request?The painting Officer Dave Hamblin found offensive (Facebook)A police officer father in the United States has taken to social media to complain about a piece of artwork displayed at his daughter s school.Kentucky cop Dave Hamblin is outraged by the painting which depicts two black people with a gun pointed at their head.On one half of the painting, under the title  1930 , a Ku Klux Klan member is pointing the gun.On the other half, titled  2015 , a white police officer is shown pointing the gun at what looks like a African American child.The painting was from a school project inspired by racial violence depicted in Harper Lee s book, To Kill A Mockingbird.Police officer Dave Hamblin, who goes by the name Dave Kingmen on Facebook, says the picture is upsetting and creates  future cop haters . We speak of tolerance, we speak of changing hostile environments, we speak of prejudice, and we speak of racial relations, yet, when it comes to hostility toward police, their families, and profiling them through bigotry we are expected to tolerate it,   Kingmen  wrote..  I will not, nor will my child. The cop has asked for the picture to be removed but the school has seemingly turned down his request. When discussing social injustice, people will likely be offended by some topic,  said Tracy Green, a school spokesperson. The drawing is a student s artistic representation based on the lens through which the student viewed that issue and the student has a First Amendment right to share that opinion.  Via: Yahoo",0
14302,BREAKING: TODD PALIN In “Very Serious” Snowmobile Accident,"Sarah Palin canceled a campaign stop for Donald Trump in Florida on Monday after her husband Todd was injured in a snowmobile crash in Alaska.A source told NBC News that Todd Palin was in  a very serious  crash Sunday night and is currently hospitalized in intensive care.In a brief unplanned appearance before Trump s afternoon event in Tampa, Palin referenced the  little wreck  and thanked audience members for their prayers. The former Alaska governor stopped by the Trump town hall in Tampa but canceled her other planned appearances with the GOP frontrunner, whom she endorsed earlier this year. She has been in contact with medical personnel and will be traveling back to Alaska today, the source said.Palin was scheduled to appear on Trump s behalf at noon ET in The Villages, Florida. Just minutes before its scheduled start time, the Trump campaign advised that the event had been canceled. Governor Palin wishes her best to Mr. Trump in the upcoming primaries,  that earlier brief statement from the Trump campaign read.Read more: NBC",0
14303,SHOCKING MUST WATCH VIDEO: Muslim Leaders Just Openly Declared War On The American Population﻿, Black Lives Matter is our campaign : ,0
14304,WHY IS THE MEDIA HIDING Dangerous Evidence About Radical Who Attacked Trump At Rally?,"100% FED Up! was able to easily find evidence about the anti-American, cop-hating, racist who attacked Trump during a rally on Sunday. Either the mainstream media news organizations don t have any investigative journalists working for them, or they prefer to hide the truth about Trump s attacker. We believe the latter is true.An even bigger question is how this radical cop hating, white hating (self-loathing) Bernie Sanders supporter is able to jump on the stage of the GOP Presidential front-runner, grab him, scuffle with the US Secret Service and only be charged with two misdemeanors? Watch new video that was just released of Tommy DiMassimo rushing to get at Trump on stage here:CNN interviewed Thomas (Tommy) DiMassimo, the man who was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct and inducing panic after he rushed the stage at an Ohio Trump rally on Sunday.During the interview,  Tommy  DiMassimo explained to CNN that he just wanted to take the podium away from the GOP presidential front-runner to send a message. CNN never asked him a single quesiton about his past or his support for Bernie Sanders.It s almost as though CNN was giving Tommy DiMassimo, a Wright State University senior, a platform to express his dissatisfaction with Donald Trump. They wouldn t do that for someone who just committed a crime by rushing the stage of the top GOP Presidential candidate  would they?https://youtu.be/RIAEQonBgO0Here is the real truth about the soft-spoken Tommy DiMassimo that appeared in the CNN video who was worried about Trump being a  bully.  We found these videos on YouTube that were co-written by the Wright State University senior. The name of the video is  Red Black and Blue.  The video appears to be promoting a  Revolution  featuring blacks killing cops and of course, cops killing innocent blacks.***LANGUAGE and VIOLENCE Warning***Here is the first shocking trailer for DiMassimo s movie  Red Black and Blue :https://youtu.be/R8dgSibelNQHere is the second violent trailer. The video in its entirety can be found below:https://youtu.be/PEP4hWfHzj8Here are tweets that were sent out by Tommy DiMassimo just prior to the Ohio Trump rally where he rushed the stage. In the first tweet, he talks about becomig a  martyr.  The second tweet talks about getting into a Trump rally and  slapping fire  into Trump. From the Urban dictionary: The art of slapping fire out of a person is to give said person an intense slap that will leave their face red for an extended period of time. That sure sounds a LOT differnt that the non-violent explanation he gave CNN. The last tweet with the gun and smiley face emoji was sent to fake black guy, Shaun King. You be the judge of what he s trying to say in his tweets below.And of course, the fact that he s a Bernie Sanders supporter should come as no surprise:Folks in OHIOGo vote for Bernie and or Not Trump  il ragazzo (@Younglionking7) March 13, 2016This tweet was posted in Sept, 2015. The most recent tweets (seen above) have all been deleted.DiMassimo posts a picture of a bloodied cop seen in the film on his Facebook page. One of his friends asks in the comment section,  Is that you?  He doesn t respond.This picture was taken from DiMassimo s facebook page advertising his one man show on Wright College campus.Here s DiMassio hanging out with a few sweet boys in the neighborhood:Oh, the irony of DiMassimo looking to the police officer for help when he was concerned about a concealed carrier, after spending the afternoon taunting the Confederate flag supporters, and actually burning a Confederate flag in front of them at a GA rally (see below):Open Carry Activist Prepares to Draw Gun on Counterprotester at Yesterday's Confederate Flag Rally in #GA #p2 #tcot pic.twitter.com/cNuEKHXmF6  CSGV (@CSGV) August 2, 2015Hero of the Day burns Confederate flag and waves it at 500 idiots at Stone Mountain. pic.twitter.com/iBzwN3ElcK  Derf Backderf (@DerfBackderf) August 3, 2015Here s a video showing the controversy DiMassio created when standing on an American flag on campus:Here is the video of the actual event. Watch the disrespect this punk has an elderly veteran confronts him:https://youtu.be/Q0Kwcp2DLFoIf you can stomach it, here is the violent full-edition of the video co-written by Tommy DiMassimo, the  intelligent, bright, college senior :Tommy DiMassimo is sadly, representative of many of the whiny, anti-American students we see supporting Bernie Sanders and a Black Lives Matter terror movement today. Black Lives Matter was created to threaten and intimidate Americans into giving them not equal treatment, but special treatment. Our hateful and divisive President is responsible for the groundswell of support for hate groups like this that are popping up across colleges, universities and large cities across America. The reason they are trying so hard to prevent a Trump presidency is because they fear he will call them out and expose them for their self-serving agenda. Their only hope to keep this radical movement going is to elect Bernie Sanders or Hillary. Trump is the only person who they fear is an obstacle standing in the way of their goal.We ll never know how far Tommy Massimo would have gone if he was allowed to get ahold of Trump on the stage. One thing is clear though, his ridiculous punishment and the special treatment he was given by CNN will certainly not dissuade the next radical from attempting to harm Trump at one of his public events.Here is a screen grab that shows DiMassimo as one of the co-writers of the  Red Black and Blue  video. Although we can t prove it, given his flair for drama, it is highly likely DiMassimo is one of the actors in the violent cop and white-hating film: ",0
14305,"LONDON’S MAYOR HAS HARSH WORDS For Our Community Organizer In Chief: “Butt Out, Mr. Obama”","Our country is spinning out of control. Obama s orchestrated efforts with race baiters like Al Sharpton and leaders of Black Lives Matter terrorists have created a divide between races like my generation has never known. Obama skips Supreme Court Justice Anton Scalia s funeral and the funeral  of iconic First Lady, Nancy Reagan, but finds time to take a few pot shots at GOP presidential front-runner, Donald Trump while attending a hipster festival with Michelle. Barack s proven over and over he doesn t have the time or desire to behave like a leader, and now, he s going to tell the Europeans what they need to do as it relates to the EU? When I heard from the Baron today that our current president is planning to go to Britain to make a case to the public for staying in the European Union, I was momentarily stunned. What happened to  leading from behind  and letting other countries handle their own affairs?By now we re all jaded by this president. He does nothing for free, nothing in which there is not some eventual pay-off to him. So sticking his nose into Britain s affairs should come as no surprise, given his track record of the last interminable years of his time in office.Or maybe he doesn t know how deeply disliked he is by anyone who didn t sign onto his pathetic  Peace Prize  back in the beginning of his reign? Maybe he believes what the sycophantic press tells him? Or  or  wait! Is he using a kind of reverse psychology on the British   i.e., knowing how much he is held in contempt, anything he suggests, they would oppose? Nah he s far too removed from reality to grasp that concept.So here we have London Mayor Boris Johnson s take on the subject. He s far more interesting to follow on this than any national government figures would be. Via: Gates Of ViennaThese excerpts are from The Telegraph. The only thing Mr J got wrong is the extent to which Obama has undermined America s sovereignty, particularly at our southern border and on the subject of changing our culture and monolingual character. One could say that Mr. Obama s decision to drop in and lecture the Brits on this particular subject is not contradictory at all; it is congruent with his own behavior and sentiments regarding America s sovereignty.Obviously, Mr. Johnson hasn t been paying attention to the American presidential campaign. But they why would he? Had he done so, though, he d have seen an unprecedented populist following for Donald Trump, based on that theme: sovereignty.We want ours back in one piece.I love America. I believe in the American dream. Indeed, I hold that the story of the past 100 years has been very largely about how America rose to global greatness   and how America has helped to preserve and expand democracy around the world. In two global conflicts, and throughout the Cold War, the United States has fought for the founding ideals of the republic: that government of the people, by the people, for the people should not perish from the earth.So it is on the face of it a bit peculiar that U.S. government officials should believe that Britain must remain within the EU   a system in which democracy is increasingly undermined.Some time in the next couple of months we are told that President Obama himself is going to arrive in this country, like some deus ex machina, to pronounce on the matter. Air Force One will touch down; a lectern with the presidential seal will be erected. The British people will be told to be good to themselves, to do the right thing. We will be informed by our most important ally that it is in our interests to stay in the EU, no matter how flawed we may feel that organisation to be. Never mind the loss of sovereignty; never mind the expense and the bureaucracy and the uncontrolled immigration.The American view is very clear. Whether in code or en clair, the President will tell us all that UK membership of the EU is right for Britain, right for Europe, and right for America. And why? Because that   or so we will be told   is the only way we can have  influence  in the counsels of the nations.It is an important argument, and deserves to be taken seriously. I also think it is wholly fallacious   and coming from Uncle Sam, it is a piece of outrageous and exorbitant hypocrisy.There is no country in the world that defends its own sovereignty with such hysterical vigilance as the United States of America. This is a nation born from its glorious refusal to accept overseas control. Almost two and a half centuries ago the American colonists rose up and violently asserted the principle that they   and they alone   should determine the government of America, and not George III or his ministers. To this day the Americans refuse to kneel to almost any kind of international jurisdiction. Alone of Western nations, the US declines to accept that its citizens can be subject to the rulings of the International Criminal Court in The Hague. They have not even signed up to the Convention on the Law of the Sea. Can you imagine the Americans submitting their democracy to the kind of regime that we have in the EU?So why is it essential for Britain to comply with a system that the Americans would themselves reject out of hand? Is it not a blatant case of  Do as I say, but not as I do ?For entire letter, go to: The Telegraph ",0
14306,"AUSTRIAN Schools Are Being Radicalized By Young Muslim Migrants: “If She Doesn’t Obey [Wear Hijab], I’ll Just Murder Her” [VIDEO]","This story is a perfect example of how Muslim migrants do NOT assimilate in their host countries. Instead of assimilating, they are demanding Austrian students change their culture and even their religion, to satisfy the desires of the refugees who are essentially guests in their villages and towns The following news report about the  radicalization  of students in a Viennese high school begins with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan s recent comments about women, who he thinks should concentrate mainly on being mothers. Mr. Erdogan s words are taken seriously in Germany and Austria, since he has a strong influence on Turks there, even those of the second or third generation.Notice that the Chechens   relatively recent arrivals   are said to pose the most serious problem. The same story is told all over Europe: the Chechens are the biggest troublemakers, second only to the Somalis in areas that host Somali communities. You might call them the Somalis of the Caucasus.Via: Gates Of Vienna",0
14307,BLACK PASTOR BRINGS DOWN THE HOUSE At Trump Rally: “God has raised him up for such a time as this” [VIDEO]," Only God could take a black guy from the inner city streets of Cleveland and connect him with a white billionaire from upstate New York, to try to do what we can do to make country great again! Watch here:https://youtu.be/cCHZbB-M9oE ",0
14308,GERMANY ELECTION BOMBSHELL: OPEN BORDERS Angela Merkel CLOBBERED At Polls…Party That Suggested Germany May Need To Start Shooting Migrants At Border WINS By Double Digits,"It appears that Obama ally, Angela Merkel is more popular with Muslim migrant males than the citizens of Germany .German voters turned to the far right in droves yesterday in a damning verdict on Angela Merkel s open door border policy. In regional elections she was humiliated by the anti-immigrant AfD   Alternative for Germany   party.Formed just three years ago, it has surged in popularity following Mrs Merkel s decision to roll out the red carpet for more than a million migrants.Analysts said the regional poll   in which Mrs Merkel s ruling Christian Democrats lost two out of three states   was a  worst case scenario  for the embattled chancellor ahead of a general election next year.The timing made it a virtual referendum on Germany s refugee policy. It will also be seen as an indictment of the failure of Europe s ruling classes to acknowledge the public s fears about migration.Mrs Merkel s welcome for arrivals from Syria, other parts of the Middle East and North Africa, has caused chaos across the continent.Initially, the incomers were greeted by crowds of well-wishers. But, faced with the sheer numbers, public opinion soured. And there was outrage when gangs of migrant men were involved in organised sex attacks on women in Cologne and other cities on new year s eve.One by one, EU states have thrown up border fences to stop the flow of arrivals   leading to the slow collapse of the Schengen passport-free zone. Via:DMWatch incredible video (below) that explains why German Chancellor Angela Merkel is getting hammered in the polls in Germany:German Chancellor Angela Merkel s party suffered a major setback in key state polls Sunday over her liberal refugee policy, while the right-wing populist AfD recorded a surge as it scooped up support from angry voters.Merkel s Christian Democratic Union (CDU) lost in two of three states in regional elections, and scored a historic low in its stronghold Baden-Wuerttemberg where it came in second place after the Greens, according to projections based on early results published by public broadcasters ARD and ZDF.The populist Alternative for Germany (AfD), which had sparked outrage by suggesting police may have to shoot at migrants to stop them entering the country, recorded double-digit support in the first elections they have stood for in all three regions.The elections are the biggest since Germany registered a record influx of refugees, and are largely regarded as a referendum on Merkel s decision to open the country s doors to people fleeing war.Bild daily called Sunday s polls  a day of horror for Chancellor Merkel  as the stunning popularity of the upstart AfD was a clear punishment for her policy. The people who voted for us voted against this refugee policy,  said AfD deputy chairman Alexander Gauland.Frauke Petry (L) and Ronald Glaeser of the right-wing populist party Alternative for Germany (AfD) party react after state elections exit poll results were announced on tv in Berlin on March 13, 2016Germans had watched in growing alarm as 1.1 million asylum seekers arrived in the country in 2015 alone.Despite facing intense pressure to change course, Merkel has resolutely refused to impose a cap on arrivals, insisting instead on common European action that includes distributing refugees among the EU s 28 member states. Via: Breitbart News",0
14309,WATCH What Happens When TRUMP Spontaneously Invites LEGAL Immigrant To Stage At Rally,"While speaking about illegal immigration at a campaign rally in Bloomington, IL, today, Trump noticed a man wearing what appears to be a homemade t-shirt that said  Legal Immigrant for Trump . Only one day after being grabbed by an audience member with ties to ISIS the fearless Trump then did what no other candidates in this race have done. He spontaneously called one of his supporters up to the stage.This isn t the first time that Trump has asked a member of the audience to come up to the stage and give a spontaneous speech. Being able to genuinely connect with everyday Americans is a YUGE part of Trump s appeal. It s a characteristic that can t be faked, and so far no other candidate has been able to replicate his  sincere desire to  Make America Great Again  for every age, race, social class and gender. We believe it s why he s winning.https://youtu.be/Lm6LGITkiz4",0
14310,DONALD TRUMP STRIKES BACK: Reminds American Voters Bernie Sanders Is “A COMMUNIST”…And A COWARD [VIDEO],"Trump spoke to his supporters at a rally in Cleveland, Ohio, on Saturday. As one would expect from Trump, he s not about to sit back and allow Bernie Sanders supporters and Black Lives Matter terrorists hijack his rallies. After addresseding the violent protesters in Chicago, he reinacted Bernie Sanders cowardly reaction when two female Black Lives Matter terrorists took over the mic while at the start of his rally in Seattle.  He called Bernie Sanders a  communist  and identified his supporters as  troublemakers.  Watch here:Watch here to see how Bernie Sanders reacted to the aggressive and disrespectful, thuggish behavior of two female representatives from the Black Lives Matter terror group. What is even more stunning is how the man who wants to be the leader of the free world stands in a corner like a dutiful Leftist allowing these two women to completely hijack a rally his people orgnaized. If Bernie can t control two unarmed, female domestic terrorists, how could anyone expect he could defend America against one of our enemies? This video is so embarrassing, it should be played over and over again as a reminder of the pacifist, communist who wants to be America s next President:Not everyone at the Bernie Sanders rally was down with the hateful, divisive Black Lives Matter terror representative s message;",0
14311,DEMOCRAT LAWMAKER WILL BE PUNISHED For Putting Jobs Before “Climate Change”: “They are after me”,"Tow the party line or pay a heavy price. There is no room for dissention in a party where thugs who cut backroom deals with climate change related lobbyists in DC dictate what is best for America. There s probably a very good reason that the Democrats have an avowed Socialist and a career criminal running neck in neck in their presidential primaries In a shocking exchange on Wednesday, Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Loony Liberal Senator Sheldon Whitehouse discussed whether the DOJ had considered civil action against climate change deniers. This tells you just how out of control this DOJ is. If you don t buy into the climate change scam then you will be punished. That s fine if you live in San Francisco and can afford a Tesla,  said Husing.  It s not fine if you re a poor family living in downtown San Bernardino   and the folks that stopped that deserve a welcome thanks. What happens when a Democratic lawmaker strays from party leaders on a key piece of Gov. Jerry Brown s policy agenda? One assemblywoman who held back support for a sweeping climate-change bill last year is starting to find out.Rep. Cheryl Brown (D-San Bernardino) was among a group of business-aligned Democrats who objected to a provision in the bill, SB 350, that would have cut California s motor vehicle petroleum use in half by 2030.Now Brown, a moderate, is facing what could be a bruising reelection fight against an intraparty challenger from the left, attorney Eloise Gomez Reyes. The race raises a question: What does it mean to be a Democrat in San Bernardino, where concerns over jobs often compete with those about the environment?Some early signs indicate Brown could be in trouble. Protesters have showed up at her local events. Some of her supporters have defected, endorsing Reyes early in the fight. Do you ever feel that something is not going quite right?  Brown said in a recent phone interview.  They are after me, and I still don t know why. I don t know who  they  are. But I will find out soon. Last week, Brown s suspicions began to crystallize when a dozen students in breathing masks from San Bernardino Valley College threw themselves on the floor of a town hall meeting she hosted.Brown was there to discuss the region s logistics industry and its vast network of trucking and distribution centers, which deliver everything from headphones to heads of lettuce to big-box retailers and Amazon customers throughout Southern California.At the event, Brown supporter John Husing, an economist with the Inland Empire Economic Partnership, discussed SB 350 s scrapped petroleum provision, which was removed after Brown and other Democrats objected to its inclusion. Husing came to Brown s aid, arguing that lower-income families might have been harmed by potential rising energy costs that may have resulted from implementation of the provision. That s fine if you live in San Francisco and can afford a Tesla,  said Husing.  It s not fine if you re a poor family living in downtown San Bernardino   and the folks that stopped that deserve a welcome thanks. A group of twenty-somethings interrupted him, calling Brown  a corporate hack.  They held up signs that read  People over Profits  and  Don t Sell Us Out.  Via: LA Times",0
14312,JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO Rips Into The Trump Rally Protesters In A Great Opening Statement [Video],We love Judge Jeanine s take on everything but this Opening Statement is epic! I think you can see steam coming out of her ears! ,0
14313,UNCENSORED VIDEO: Real New Yorkers’ Opinions On TRUMP,"New York City that great melting pot of diversity has an equally diverse set of opinions on Donald Trump, and as VF.com discovered while walking through the city, there exists a strain of New Yorker who gasp! actually admires the man. Interview by Jeffrey Tousey; Audio by William Pierce; Director of Photography: Jeremy Elkin. Read more: Live Leak",0
14314,BREAKING: FLAG DRAGGING PROTESTER WHO RUSHED STAGE At Trump Rally Has Ties To ISIS,"We reported about a Trump protester who grabbed him during a rally today in Dayton. Click HERE for video.Trump congratulate USSS (United States Secret Service) on Twitter: excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage  Trump then said  He has ties to ISIS. He should be in jail! See tweet here:Here s the video that Donald posted with his tweet:USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! https://t.co/tkzbHg7wyD?ssr=true  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 12, 2016",0
14315,HOW REAGAN DEALT WITH RADICAL PROTESTERS At Berkeley University [VIDEO],"Reagan explains why the protesters got out of hand to the reporters:  All of it began the first time some of you who know better and are old enough to know better, let young people think that they had the right to chose the the laws they would obey, as long as they were doing it in the name of social protest. Compare and contrast Reagan s decision to address the unlawful behavior of these protesters, to Barack Obama hiding from the press, yet meeting with organizers and agitators of these radical groups to offer encouragment to the violent, unlawful protesters we are seeing across the United States today.Do you agree or disagree with Reagan s approach to stopping the protesters from breaking the law: In his 1966 campaign for California governor, Republican Ronald Reagan promised to  to clean up the mess at Berkeley.  Reagan was referring to the unrest prevalent not just at the University of California, Berkeley, but on college campuses throughout state. Students and faculty alike were engaged in protests, demonstrations, and strikes related to issues such as the draft, civil rights, discrimination, and women s liberation.In one 1966 campaign speech, Reagan declared that many leftist campus movements had transcended legitimate protest, with the actions of  beatniks, radi cals and filthy speech advocates  having become more to do  with riot ing, with anarchy  than  academic freedom.  He blamed university administrators and faculty, who  press their particular value judgments  on students, for  a leadership gap and a morality and decency gap  on campus, and suggested a code of conduct be imposed on faculty to  force them to serve as examples of good behavior and decency. [1]Six months after Reagan took office in 1967, he wrote this letter to Glenn Dumke, the chancellor of San Francisco State College, one of California s largest public institutions. Dumke served as the public face of the state college system, and he was a staunch opponent of radical student and faculty demonstrations. In his letter to Dumke, Reagan criticizes liberal activism on campuses. He condemns  these people & this trash  on campuses as well as  the excuse of academic freedom & freedom of expression  in allowing protests and demonstrations to go on.  We wouldn t tolerate this kind of language in front of our families,  Reagan writes of campus protesters. He urges Dumke to  lay down some rules of conduct,  promising that  you d have all the backing I could give you. How far do we go in tolerating these people & this trash under the excuse of academic freedom & freedom of expression? Please understand, that question isn t made in any tone of accusation. I mean myself too in that use of the term  we. We wouldn t let a LeRoi Jones in our livingroom and we wouldn t tolerate this kind of language in front of our families. Hasn t the time come to take on those neurotics in our faculty group and lay down some rules of conduct for the students comparable to what we d expect in our own families? If we do and the  we  this time means you d have all the backing I could give you, I believe the people of Calif. would take the state college system to their hearts.[illegible] RonVia: The Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History",0
14316,"WATCH BLACK TRUMP SUPPORTER At Kansas Rally Attacked By Black Lives Matter Terrorists For Saying: “I want jobs, I don’t want welfare”","This man deserves a medal for his courage, his honesty and his ability to articulate how many black Americans really feel, but are afraid verbalize when confronted by angry black domestic terrorists I want freedom I want actual freedom You will LOVE this guy!",0
14317,BREAKING: PROTESTER JUMPS ON STAGE…Grabs Trump…Secret Service REACTS…Trump Reaction Is PRICELESS [Video],"A protester tried to attack Trump today at a rally in Dayton, OH but was subdued by the Secret Service. The crowd went nuts! Trump s reaction is PRICELESS:",0
14318,U.S. ELECTIONS May Already Be In Serious Jeopardy : ACORN Gives OH Man Cigarettes And Cash To Register To Vote 72 Times…Several More Horror Stories,"If you haven t already signed up to help protect the sanctity of our vote in some way do it TODAY! Leisa and I have worked in polling places where crime rate is high and most poll workers are afraid to work. In the city of Detroit, we were surprised to find some very well run polling places. In Pontiac, MI, we experienced something quite different. We saw people using pill bottles as a form of identification. We were physically and verbally threatened by the poll supervisors and watched workers call in reinforcements to stand within our field of vision in an attempt to intimidate us. We are in a war with the Left who has no issue with bending or breaking the rules to win. We re not advocating that anyone put themselves in harms way. We are only suggesting you get involved in some way to protect the sancticy of the vote. Contacting the non-partisan voter integrity organization True The Vote is the best first step. Election integrity and voters  rights organization True the Vote announced that it successfully worked with officials in Ohio to remove duplicate voter registrations prior to the Ohio primary. These registrations were originally submitted by left-leaning and Democrat organizations, including ACORN.Approximately 30 percent of voters registered twice in the Cleveland area and they did so with falsified birth dates, social security numbers, and other identification. These were submitted not only by ACORN, but by Field Works, The Strategy Network, Organizing for America, and other left-of-center organizations, says True the Vote (TTV) in a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas.Upon receipt of True the Vote s research, 711 duplicate voter registrations were removed in Cuyahoga County and 465 sets were processed in Franklin County. TTV says it has been notified that thousands of duplicate voter registrations have also been removed in North Carolina. Because of Ohio s consistent role as a decisive swing state in America s elections, it has a duty to ensure that its voter records are in the best shape possible,  True the Vote Founder Catherine Engelbrecht said.  Having duplicate voters in Ohio s poll books not only creates confusion at the polling place, but raises the possibility of fraudulent double voting. The Buckeye State has recently seen first-hand just how far some are willing to go to see their candidate or cause win. TTV notes that the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN) had a  well-established track record  of giving local election officials questionable voter registration forms for years, especially in Midwestern and other political battleground states.ACORN bragged about submitting more than 1.3 million voter registrations in 2008 alone. After the organization was formally shutdown, 18 employees were convicted or admitted guilt to committing election crimes.A large percentage of the work that ACORN engaged in has been officially questioned.A Cleveland man said he was given cash and cigarettes by ACORN in exchange for registering 72 times. The complaints started an investigation into the organization and witnesses were subpoenaed to testify against the organization.The New York Post reported in 2009 that eleven ACORN workers in Florida were arrested after submitting approximately 1,400 applications of which about 900 were falsified.More than 2,000 applications were falsified in Indiana and submitted just hours before the registration deadline.As it relates to the 30 percent of Cleveland voters that registered twice, TTV founder Engelbrecht said,  While many voter records may become duplicated due to data management breakdowns, you have a different issue entirely when nearly a third of the irregularities show a pattern of intentional forgery. Engelbrecht warned,  Americans working in the polls and casting ballots must be extra vigilant this year to help spot irregularities that can throw an entire election into question. Via: Breitbart News",0
14319,HOW IS IT RACIST To Want Closed Borders And Protect Citizens From Terrorists?,"This is war and it s a fight for the SOVEREIGNTY of America Two things that Donald Trump said have been controversial and taken out of context by the left. Much of the protests against Trump are based on the promise he made to close the border with Mexico by building a wall. The desire to halt  refugee  resettlement of Muslims to America is the second thing Trump said that s gotten everyone on the left FREAKING OUT.Do Americans not have a right to closed borders and proper vetting of Muslim refugees?We are footing the bill with our tax dollars for all the goodies the illegals and refugees get when they arrive. Yes, YOU pay for this!The cost of illegals and refugees is billions every year. We are over $19 TRILLION dollars in debt and climbing rapidly. We have become a GLOBAL MAGNET for immigration due to our generous entitlements for legal and illegal immigrants. The cost is NOT sustainable!The cost is one thing but the danger to Americans is another reason to close our borders and stop refugee resettlement. The FBI Director said that the Muslim refugees cannot be properly vetted before they come to America. There is testimony by numerous officials claiming that the terrorists are trying to come to America by posing as refugees. The open borders also leads to opening ourselves up for terrorists and criminals to come to America. Who knows how many have arrived already?TRUMP S FIVE POINT PLAN ON ILLEGAL IMMIGRATIONThe American people have a RIGHT to the SOVEREIGNTY of our nation. We cannot survive without borders and Trump knows it. This is common sense policy that s been missing for so long. The American people are 100% FED Up! with their safety and tax dollars being toyed with and exploited. Time for a change and time to stand up for it!AMERICA FIRST!",0
14320,The “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN” Do-It-Yourself” Kit, ,0
14321,The BRUTAL Truth About Why Kids Love Bernie Sanders," At some point, most of us grow up and realize there s no such thing as  free ",0
14322,Anti-Trump Protesters Scream Profanities at FOX News in Segment on Peaceful Protests,Lefty losers  ,0
14323,CHICAGO TRUMP RALLY CANCELLED: Radicals And BLM Came Out To Riot Against The Free Speech Of Anyone BUT Them,"A huge rally of 10,000 Chicagoans didn t get to hear their candidate speak tonight because the left apparently thinks free speech goes one way. About 5,000-7,000 Trump supporters had filled the pavilion on the UIC campus with many more in line when all heck broke loose. The left is fuming tonight and decided to show up in force at a Trump rally in Chicago. Even lefty radical Bill Ayers decided to show up. The left is upset because they can t control the movement that is Trump. ",0
14324,WATCH: Dr. Ben Carson Explains Why He’s Endorsing Trump, There are two different Donald Trump s Here s why the politically incorrect Dr. Ben Carson is throwing his support behind Donald Trump:https://youtu.be/4agB5ATMzbE,0
14325,OBAMA’S RACE WAR BACKFIRES: Shocking Number Of Students Chose NOT To Attend U Of Missouri After Black Lives Matter Tantrums,"The University Of Missouri students, and many on the faculty joined Obama s race war in November, 2015. Together, they began a PR campaign to ensure black students were guaranteed special treatment on campus that would only be afforded to them. Of course white students who ve been ovewhelmed by  White guilt,  (thanks to professors and teachers who make it their business to shame students for being born white) joined the cause to help relieve them of the burden they carry, as a result of their ancestors crimes. As a side note, it makes no difference if you just became a citizen last year. If you re white and live in America you re guilty! We covered the Black Lives Matter protests at Mizzou extensively. We told you about Dr. Dale Brigham, a beloved University of Missouri professor, who resigned after he refused to cancel a school exam during the Mizzou hunger strike and athlete s boycott. We showed you a DISTURBING VIDEO of an innocent Asian reporter who was bullied by Black Lives Matter protestors while attempting to cover the hunger strike of a not-so-poor oppressed student, who we exposed as the son of a multi-millionaire railroad executive. We reported about the Mizzou teacher who assaulted a reporter. We exposed the spoiled and self-centered behavior of the students involved in this divisive movement, when they admonished the world for caring more about the Paris terror attacks than their plight for justice. And finally, we reported about a highly recruited football player who after watching the hateful, divisive rhetoric being spewed by the professors and students at Mizzou decided to decline their offer to play football. This was the first step in the unravelling of the University Of Missouri.Here are a few of the tweets we saw from protestors and supporters claiming victory in their fight for  justice :Protest works y'all. Proof. We know where the power lies. #ConcernedStudent1950  Brian Kennedy II (@BrianEKennedy2) November 9, 2015The #ConcernedStudent1950 protest at @mucampusdining Plaza 900 earlier today. pic.twitter.com/ryEJ82uqSe  Anurag Chandran( ) (@AnuragRC) November 7, 2015To have the university system president to resign, that's huge! Wow great work #ConcernedStudent1950 other schools are on notice!  Antifa Jackson (@dthom24) November 9, 2015Jump to March, 2016, to see what the Black Lives Matter students and professors were able to accomplish for the good of the University:University of Missouri (MU) is losing about 1500 students and is facing a huge $32 million budget shortfall four months after it attracted national attention as the site of massive race-based campus protests. I am writing to you today to confirm that we project a very significant budget shortfall due to an unexpected sharp decline in first-year enrollments and student retention this coming fall. I wish I had better news,  said MU interim chancellor Hank Foley in a Wednesday letter to school staff that was obtained by Fox Sports.According to Foley s letter, MU will have about 1500 fewer students in fall 2016 compared to last year, an unexpected drop that is in turn causing a big dip in the school s tuition income.Because of the abrupt and unexpected nature of the shortfall, Foley is taking immediate and severe steps to fix the situation: The school budget is being cut 5 percent across the board, all hiring is being frozen (barring exceptional circumstances), and annual raises have been canceled. ",0
14326,WATCH: HILLARY CALLS PARENT Of Benghazi Victim a Liar On National TV,"Apparently being the wife of a former Democrat President and serial pervert, and (more importantly) having a vagina, allows people to overlook her reprehensible behavior During Wednesday night s democratic debate, Hillary Clinton said the mother of a Benghazi victim lied.Patricia Smith, the mother of Sean Smith, one of the four Americans who were killed by terrorists in an attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi during Clinton s tenure, said in a CNN interview last October that Clinton lied to her about the circumstances surrounding her son s death.Instead of stating that her son s death had been caused by an act of terrorism, Clinton blamed an inflammatory video that had been circulating online in the weeks leading up to the attack   a narrative she knew at the time to be false.When asked about this on Wednesday, Clinton pushed back at Smith s claim, saying the mother of the Benghazi victim was  absolutely wrong. I can t imagine the grief she has about losing her son,  Clinton said.  But she s wrong. She s absolutely wrong! Via:The FederalistOf course, Hillary was LYING when she called Sean Smith s mother a liar. There is clear evidence of her lie that was found in her unsecured emails. Her media allies at CNN chose to give her a pass on the truth in favor of allowing a greiving mother of an American hero to be called a liar on national tv. Watch the video of Hillary s testimony in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi: Hillary Clinton sent an email to her daughter, Chelsea, on Sept. 11, 2012 in which she asserted that an al-Qaida-like group was responsible for the terrorist attacks in Benghazi, it was revealed on Thursday during the former secretary of state s testimony to the House Select Committee on Benghazi.The email, which was revealed by Ohio Rep. Jim Jordan, indicates that Clinton knew early on that the attacks which left four Americans dead was carried out by terrorists. But as Jordan pointed out, Clinton and others in the Obama administration had already begun crafting the narrative that the attack was spontaneous and that the attackers were motivated by a YouTube video many Muslims found offensive. ",0
14327,"MI GOP CHAIR, RONNA ROMNEY-MCDANIEL Chooses Own Course: Backs Republican Candidate That Won’t Make Her Uncle Happy","Ronna Romney McDaniel is the Chairman of the Michigan Republican Party. She s the daughter of Mitt Romney s older brother Scott and the outspoken former GOP US Senate candidate Ronna Romney. She may be the niece of the man the GOP elite have annointed as their spokesperson for the Republican voter, but she s not towing the line when it comes to interfering with the will of We The People.Ronna took the opportunity to address the crowd prior to the GOP debate at the Fox Theater last week, where she announced she would support whomever the candidate the people of MI chose at the polls. Obviously, this came as a surprise for many who expected her to follow the lead of her high-profile uncle, who has chosen to fight harder to defeat Donald Trump at the polls than he did Barack Obama when he was running against him in 2102.The niece of 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney wishes her uncle was in the White House, but vows she ll support Donald Trump   the candidate Romney publicly attacked in a brutal takedown speech last week.In an interview by MSNBC s Chris Matthews in Detroit on Tuesday night   where Trump sailed to victory in the state s primary   Ronna Romney McDaniel said she believes the real estate billionaire is  committed to staying in the [Republican] party. McDaniel said that rallies she s attended for Trump in Michigan are  not a traditional Republican crowd,  but that she s  not surprised  he won the state handily. If he s our nominee, I m going to support him,  she declared.She also said her uncle is not an option for the party s nominee if there is a contested GOP convention this summer.He said he s not interested,  she said.  I wish he were president now. But I am pleased with our field. Let s see what happens.Via: Newsmax",0
14328,"YIKES! 46,000 DEMOCRATS In Important Blue State Switch Over To GOP…Trump Effect?","This is a state that hasn t always been reliably blue. If this important state ends up being one the GOP could win in November, there is going to be a LOT of panic in at the DNC Nearly 46,000 Pennsylvania Democrats have switched to Republicans since the beginning of the year.According to Penn Live, some experts attribute the mass exodus to Donald Trump.There s even a title for the movement. It s called  Ditch and Switch  and calls for lifelong Democrats to abandon the party, register Republican, and help ensure Trump s place in the general election.Professor of Public Affairs at Franklin and Marshall College, Dr. G. Terry Madonna, tells the paper he has a theory behind the switch. With the increase in support in exit polls for Trump among working class, blue-collar Democrats, it is my belief that these are people who fall into that genre,  said Madonna.The numbers are similar in other states as well. The paper says in Massachusetts, as many as 20,000 Democrats have gone from blue-to-red this year with Trump cited as a primary reason. And in Ohio, as many as 1,000 blue collar workers have promised to switch parties and vote for Trump.Numbers show that some Republicans are also switching to the Democratic party, but nowhere near the numbers that are switching to Republican. Via: Pittsburgh CBS Local",0
14329,OBAMA’S DOJ TO BLAME IRAN FOR CYBER-ATTACK On NY Dam In 2013…Wait…What About That Deal With Obama’s Ally In 2015?,"It s time for someone to tell Obama that Iran is not an ally The Justice Department is drawing up an indictment that lays blame for the 2013 cyber-attack against a dam in Westchester squarely on hackers working for the Iranian government, a law enforcement source confirmed to The Post.The FBI has been investigating since the discovery of the breach, with the indictment expected to be handed down soon, the source said.The hackers were unable to seize control of the Bowman Avenue Dam in the suburban town of Rye, but they were able to access an unspecified system, sources said.At a time when cyber-intrusions of government agencies are becoming more frequent, the breach at the small dam led to great concern within the Obama administration, sources said.Over recent years, hackers have breached systems in the White House, State Department, FBI and US Postal Service, to name a few. Via:NYP ",0
14330,CNN BRINGS ON TRUMP’S FORMER BUTLER For A GOTCHA Moment But Didn’t Count On This! [Video],"No matter which candidate you are supporting, this is awesome! CNN tried to get a gotcha moment with an interview between Carol Costello and Donald Trump s former butler:  He s an incredibly generous person. He s been generous to his employees. He s generous to strangers. He s an entirely a nice guy. He s not the gruff person that people make him out to be. Sure, you attack him, he s going to fight back. But most of the time he s just a nice man. I lasted with him for 20 years, he had to be pretty good.  ",0
14331,IF HILLARY AND BERNIE Are Counting On The Cuban Vote…They’re Making A BIG Mistake…Here’s Why…,"The Cuban vote is a conservative vote so Hillary and Bernie might want to steer clear.Every election cycle, media outlets beg the question of whether Miami s Little Havana will finally sway Democrat. After spending an afternoon in south Florida s most famous Cuban neighborhood, the prospect once again seems unlikely.Ahead of Florida s primary, Little Havana s Cuban-Americans are enthusiastic about a local figure with similar life experience in Senator Marco Rubio (R-Fla). But they still hold the value of a GOP nominee over any individual candidate.Brenda Betancourt, a notary public at the Calle Ocho Chamber of Commerce who paints on t-shirts and canvases in her spare time, told Independent Journal Review she voted early for Rubio, saying,  we prefer somebody that we know than a stranger. She added that she has never once cast a vote for a Democrat because the party s platforms are counterintuitive to the American experience: I will not vote for either Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders. I don t think that giving everything away without the person working is in the American dream. I think everybody has to work and earn what they need.  Read more: injo ",0
14332,DO YOU WANT TO SAVE AMERICA FROM HILLARY? Share This VIDEO With Everyone You Know…,WATCH: Even her friends on the Left appear to be fed up with Hillary s lies. Is it possible the media has finally grown tired of covering for Hillary?,0
14333,DO YOU KNOW SOMEONE Who Is Afflicted With “The Bern”?…Great News…There Is A Cure! [VIDEO],"Do you have a friend, a co-worker or (in my case) a relative who supports Bernie Sanders? Instead of trying to explain the danger of socialism in America to them (the equivalent of beating your head against a brick wall), share this very informative video: ",0
14334,"COUNT THE CLINTON LIES 1,2,3…. [Video]",How many? I think we ve lost count! ,0
14335,SOCIALIST BERNIE SANDERS Praises Castro [Video],"A video from 1985 was shown last night during the Dem debate that has people bussing this morning. Yes we all know Sanders is a socialist but it s interesting to hear him speak about Cuba and Castro .Hey, youth of America who think Sanders is the best thing since sliced bread, do you REALLY want this guy? ",0
14336,BERNIE SUES To Allow 17 Year Olds To Vote,"Next up is a law suit to make it legal for H-1B Visa holders, felons and illegal aliens to vote in every state. You didn t think the Democrats were trying to protect illegals and grant dangerous criminals an early release because they cared about them, did you? Bernie Sanders s campaign has filed a lawsuit against Ohio s secretary of state to allow 17-year olds to vote in the Democratic primary on March 15, according to a CNN report.Sanders s campaign manager told reporters in Michigan on Tuesday that Republican Jon Husted, who is Ohio s secretary of State, has changed the rules to make it so that those who are currently 17, but will be 18 by the time of the November general election, cannot vote in the state s primaries. The secretary of state has decided to disenfranchise people who are 17 but will be 18 by the day of the general election,  Weaver said, according to CNN.  Those people have been allowed to vote under the law of Ohio, but the secretary of state of the state of Ohio has decided to disenfranchise those people to forbid them from voting in the primary that is coming up on March 15. Sanders has galvanized the support of many young liberal voters, and routinely thumps Democratic rival Hillary Clinton among voters under the age of 40. Clinton generally dominates Sanders among older voters.[quote_box_center]After eight years of Obama, who delivered the same false message of  hope  via free sh*t to America s youth, Bernie Sanders supporters are ready to cast their vote for another lying politician who is promising them a utopia that s impossible to deliver. [/quote_box_center]Millenials are struggling with an immense burden of student debt   debt that rose 25% between 2008 and 2012 alone (the Obama years) even as the economy struggled. According to one 2014 calculation, millennials make up about 40% of the ranks of the unemployed; when they have jobs, they may be underemployed (Starbucks barista, anyone?) or underpaid, or competing ruthlessly for a handful of lucrative opportunities. Some studies suggest that while they might be frugal, their financial situations (coupled, sometimes, with a dearth of financial literacy) can spell trouble.One Pricewaterhouse Coopers survey found 24% of millennial respondents were familiar with basic financial concepts; 30% routinely overdrew their checking accounts (racking up banking fees) and more than 20% ended up dipping into their retirement savings (incurring fees and penalties). Nearly half couldn t come up with $2,000 in the next month in an emergency, making them  financially fragile .The last president elected with a platform of hope and change largely failed to deliver, in their eyes. Oh, and his administration included Hillary Clinton.The issue [of allowing 17 year olds to vote] came to light after a report in the Columbus Dispatch, in which a state Democratic lawmaker accused Husted of changing the rules to keep those who will be 18 by Nov. 4 from voting in the presidential primary.Husted called those accusations and the Sanders lawsuit baseless in a statement released over Twitter, saying that Ohio is operating under the same set of rules it has used in past primaries.Husted s response to Sanders  ridiculous lawsuit can be found here:Some facts about voting for 17-year-olds   they can vote in the primary on nominations, not on delegates or issues. pic.twitter.com/i7pe7Eg6Wl  Jon Husted (@JonHusted) March 8, 2016Via: The Hill",0
14337,HEY HILLARY…Who Are You Going To Blame For The 18 Cities In Pennsylvania With Higher Lead Levels Than Flint?,"Does anyone believe for one second that Hillary or Bernie give a damn about the citizens of Flint, MI? This water issue is nothing more than a campaign tool for Hillary and Bernie, used to prove how much they care for the majority black community of Flint. It s also a great way to pin the blame on MI Republican Governor, Rick Snyder. For anyone who s keeping score, Allentown, PA has the highest recorded elevated lead level in the state, at 23.11% higher than the rest of the state, compared to Flint, Michigan s 3.21%. Allentown, PA has a Democrat mayor, Ed Pawlowski, who has something in common with Hillary, he s under investigation by the FBI. As a side note, a Republican has not held a seat on Allentown city council since 2006. Pennsylvania s govenror, Tom Wolf is also a Democrat.The lead poisoning crisis in Flint, Michigan, was a surprise, an emergency that occurred after the city switched to a new, cheaper water source.But there are at least six cities in the United States where we should, in theory, have really good data on lead exposure. In fiscal year 2014, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention spent almost $2 million as part of a three-year funding commitment to help some of the biggest cities in the country monitor lead exposure.I spent the past week looking at these cities, and came away with three main findings. The first is that the rate of lead exposure in Pennsylvania is incredibly alarming. Nearly 10 percent of the more than 140,000 kids tested had levels of 5 or more micrograms per deciliter of lead in the blood (5  g/dL)   this is the threshold the government uses to identify children with dangerously elevated blood lead levels. One percent tested positive for blood lead levels greater than 10  g/dL.Compare that to Flint, where state data shows the rate of lead exposure for 5  g/dL from 2014 to 2015 as 3.21 percent. Other researchers have found that specific areas of the city have exposure rates as high as 6.3 percent. That s alarming, but still a lower rate than 18 of the 20 cities in Pennsylvania.While there is strong reason to believe that the increased lead exposure rates in Flint are related to the change in Flint s water source to the Flint River in April 2014, it is important to note that the lead exposure rates in Pennsylvania are largely linked to aging, deteriorating lead-based paint (chips and dust).Second, there are cities that have made really good strides in reducing lead exposure; both Chicago and New York are prime examples.Third, even some of these cities that get money for the express purpose of monitoring lead exposure do not make finding the data easy.Vox reached out to the six cities currently receiving funding from the CDC   Houston, Texas, Philadelphia, Los Angeles, Washington, DC, Chicago, and New York City. Of the six cities, only two were able to provide lead exposure data at the neighborhood level. The other four are getting money to monitor lead exposure   but aren t making the results easily accessible to the public.Philadelphia was not able to share community-area lead level exposure rates, but a 2014 Pennsylvania Department of Health annual report that included detailed information on 20 cities showed that 17 of those had a higher percentage of children with blood lead levels (BLLs)   5  g/dL than the rest of the state.Cities like Allentown and Altoona had more than double the state exposure rate of 9.37 percent, and the group of 20 cities had a collective rate of 11.49 percent, also higher than the state rate. The geometric mean of blood lead level tests performed in Pennsylvania was 2.3  g/dL, which is substantially lower than the state s rate, indicating some cities in Pennsylvania are disproportionately impacted by lead exposure. Via: Vox ",0
14338,THROWDOWN! Megyn Kelly Lets DNC’S Wasserman Schultz Have It [Video],"If you didn t see the interview between Megyn Kelly and the DNC Chair last night, trust me, it s a chance to watch Wasserman Schultz squirm. ",0
14339,THE VIDEO HILLARY CLINTON Does NOT Want You To See,Spread this EVERYWHERE! ,0
14340,HILLARY TO OBAMA: “call off your f–king dogs”,"According to insider, and author Edward Klein, Hillary took on Barack Obama over his involvement in exposing her email scandal several months ago. Many Americans are wondering if Obama is stonewalling the FBI s  investigation, or if in fact, he is encouraging the investigation, hoping it will take her down.  This isn t the first report of Hillary behaving in a manner that is, shall we say,  un-presidential?   According to White House insiders, it seems that Bill has been on the receiving end of Hillary s rage more than once as well   An enraged Hillary Rodham Clinton blew up at President Obama, demanding he  call off your f king dogs  looking into her emails during a tense Oval Office meeting, according to a new book.The book,  Unlikeable: The Problem with Hillary,  says the former first lady was furious at what she believed were damaging leaks by Obama aides that led to investigations of her use of a private email server as secretary of state. So she went right to the top to settle the matter.Clinton requested a meeting with Obama, against the advice of hubby Bill Clinton, believing  she was being persecuted for minor, meaningless violations,  author Edward Klein writes.Clinton initially took a friendly approach during the meeting and Obama reacted as if he didn t know what she was talking about, the book claims. He was almost being deliberately dense,  a Clinton source said.  It really angered her. Clinton lost her temper and called the president by his first name in an emotionally driven break with White House decorum, according to the book. What I want for you to do is call off your f king dogs, Barack!  Clinton allegedly barked at Obama, according to Klein s account, which cited sources close to Clinton and Obama senior adviser Valerie Jarrett.The president was so stunned by Clinton s disrespectful demands, he needed a moment to compose himself, the book claims.Obama then responded,  There is nothing I can do for you one way or another. Things have been set in motion, and I can t and won t interfere. Your problems are, frankly, of your own making. If you had been honest . . . Klein reports Clinton interrupted,  There are always haters out there to get the Clintons. The Democratic 2016 front-runner is said to have later regretted her tirade against the president   not for the disrespect she showed, but for the weakness she displayed.Nick Merrill, Clinton s spokesman, called Klein s account  bulls t. Another book? Someone should do a book about Ed,  said Merrill.  They could call it  Bulls t: The Problem with Anything Ed Klein Writes. The only true thing about him is his consistent and utter lack of a relationship with the facts,  Merrill said.  He has more hair than credibility, and the man is bald. So we re not going to get down in the gutter with him and his outrageous fabrications.  Via: NYPHillary s on a mission to be a softer, warmer, funnier candidate   but according to a new book, the real Hillary Clinton is so volatile and prone to violent outbursts that she terrorizes staff, Secret Service agents and even her own husband. Hillary Clinton has a long history of being domestically violent with Bill,  Stone writes.  Hillary has beaten Bill, hit him with hard objects, scratched and clawed him, and made him bleed. ",0
14341,INSIDE THE MIND OF A TRUMP VOTER,Why is he so wildly popular across so many demographics in America? Watch here for a pretty good explanation and tell us if you agree or disagree: ,0
14342,SHOCKING POLL RESULTS In Primary Victories Tonight,"There are no surprises with the results on the Republican side tonight. Michigan and Mississippi went for Trump.BUT the Democrat results coming in tonight are surprising for many reasons. The most shocking is that Bernie Sanders is leading Hillary Clinton in Michigan by a little over 3%:Clinton has maintained a double-digit lead in nearly all polls of Michigan, the party s second-biggest state in terms of delegates to vote so far. But Sanders has visited the state repeatedly in recent weeks, believing its economically hard-hit areas should be receptive to his message of combating economic inequality. If he can pull out a surprise victory, his campaign team believes, it will quiet the naysayers questioning his viability after Clinton s sweeping wins in last week s Super Tuesday contests. It would also allow him to argue that he s a truly national candidate, while most of Clinton s big victory s have been in the south.Another shocking item is that exit polls in Michigan said 60% of Democrats believe Hillary Clinton is honest and trustworthy Wow! That s a crazy exit poll!Michigan Presidential Primaries ResultsOverall Michigan Presidential Primaries Results Democratic 36.7% Reporting B. Sanders 51.7% 217,424 H. Clinton 46.5% 195,306 10Republican 36.3% Reporting Winner D. Trump 37.2% 200,388 J. Kasich 25.6% 137,866 T. Cruz 23.6% 127,403 M. Rubio 9.1% 48,905 One of the inside baseball items that s interesting is that we re hearing many Democrats in Michigan crossed over to vote for Kasich to try and defeat Trump. Interesting because Hillary is losing to Bernie right now. Could those crossover votes been the demise of Hillary in Michigan?DETROIT   Hillary Clinton swept to a widely-expected early victory in Mississippi on Tuesday, but all eyes were on Michigan as polls started to close there at 8 p.m. and Bernie Sanders jumped to a small early lead.The Vermont senator   whose campaign has long seen Michigan as a strategically important state   held a tight margin over the former secretary of state, but very few results were in from Wayne County, the home of Detroit, where Clinton is likely to perform well. Clinton s victory in Mississippi, a heavily African-American southern state, was called as soon as polls closed, following the pattern set by her easy wins across the south starting with South Carolina in February. Bernie Sanders barely competed in Mississippi, choosing to focus on the other state voting on Tuesday.Neither Clinton nor Sanders were in Michigan Tuesday night, but their absence doesn t imply indifference. Both candidates have campaigned hard in the state   Sanders for the chance to gain ground on the former secretary of state, and Clinton to close the door on his candidacy with a win in a competitive, delegate-rich state.Initial exit polling in Michigan showed just over three-fifths of Democratic voters believed both candidates  policies are about right on the ideological scale, according to ABC News. About 60 percent of voters said Clinton was honest and trustworthy, versus about 80 percent who said the same of Sanders. And around 60 percent said honesty or empathy was the most important attribute for a candidate   slightly more than the four-in-10 who said electability or experience was most important.Read more: Politico",0
14343,SHOCKING NUMBER OF MICHIGAN VOTERS Want MUSLIM Ban In Their State,"Thus the big win for Donald Trump in blue state of Michigan Michigan has one of the largest Muslim populations of any state, yet 6 out of 10 Republicans in the state favored a temporary ban on Muslim visitors to the United States, according to early exit poll results from CNN.The proposal   championed by Republican frontrunner Donald J. Trump   was even more popular in Mississippi, where 7 out of 10 Republicans favored a ban on Muslim travel. Those proportions match the range of responses among the states that voted a week ago on Tuesday, ranging from 64% (Virginia) to Alabama (78%).The exit polls confirm recent public polling results, such as a WXYZ / Free Press poll that showed 61% support in Michigan for a ban on Muslims. Local Muslims in Michigan reacted with concern at the poll results. Via: Breitbart News",0
14344,ISLAND FULL OF ESTABLISHMENT MILLIONAIRES Wants To Stop Trump…Will They Succeed?,"The establishment isn t happy about a Donald Trump lead in the polls so they gathered at beautiful Sea Island to plan to dump Trump.Off the coast of Georgia last weekend a group of nervous business moguls and politicians met up at a private island resort.They weren t visiting Sea Island to party, though; they were all guests at an annual closed-press event hosted by a conservative Washington think tank. And this year they banded together around one common goal: stopping Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump, as The Huffington Post reports.Apple CEO Tim Cook was there; so was Google s Larry Page and Elon Musk from Tesla and SpaceX. Top Republican brass there included Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.), Karl Rove, and even New York Times publisher Arthur Sulzberger, among others.The event, the American Enterprise Institute s World Forum, is a top-secret annual meeting known for bringing top business executives and politicians together to do well, we re not exactly sure what.But this year, as The Huffington Post reported, everyone s minds were on how Trump made it this far and how to stop him. Karl Rove reportedly presented focus group findings on Trump, while others simply wondered  how this happened. Read more: Fortune",0
14345,OBAMA SNUBS NANCY REAGAN: Will Attend Hipster Festival And Skip Funeral,"So Obama is skipping Nancy Reagan s funeral for the South by Southwest festival in Austin. It s a big event for the tech world but you d think Obama would feel a duty to go to the funeral of the former First Lady. Our president is like a petulant child who does exactly what he wants to do without regard for anyone else. He s sending Michelle Obama and Hillary Clinton is going what a snub! A White House official confirmed this afternoon that President Barack Obama will not be in attendance at former First Lady Nancy Reagan s funeral on Friday, instead opting to attend a popular multimedia festival in Texas.Obama will be represented at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library by his wife, Michelle. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said she will be attending the service in Simi Valley, California, as well. In late February, Obama drew widespread criticism after skipping the funeral for conservative Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. The president is scheduled to deliver a keynote address on Friday at the South by Southwest festival in Austin. The annual event features movie screenings, musical performances and conferences on interactive media and technology, and has become known as a must-attend date for those in the tech world and Silicon Valley. Read more: Daily Mail",0
14346,NAVY SEALS “Forced To Spend Their Own Money On Combat Gear”…WHILE U.S. Marines Will Spend $50 MILLION To Save Desert Tortoises,"The security of our nation has never been more threatened than it is today, under the incompetent leadership of Barack Hussein Obama. The idea that we have one of the most highly trained group of warriors in our US Military paying for their own combat gear is unconscionable. Meanwhile, we are about the spend $50 MILLION or $42,000 per tortoise, to transplant  them from a desert in CA to a new environment, where they may or may not survive, is a perfect example of how upside down our nation s priorities are today Breitbart   Congressman Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-CA), a Marine with three combat deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan on his resume, says Navy SEALs have been telling him they are running short on combat rifles.The Associated Press reports Hunter describing a  weapons carousel  in which SEALs returning from deployment hand their weapons off to outgoing troops, a practice he described as undermining the  train like you fight  ideal, and disrupting the personal connection special operators develop with their finely-tuned weapons. Hunter stressed the importance of allowing special operators to train with the same weapons they bring into the field. As it currently stands, following a deployment, a SEAL will have his weapon taken from him, which has been fine-tuned to certain specifications, and given to a different operator to use. This means that SEALs standing by to deploy are waiting for different teams to come back stateside just so they can use their weapons,  said Hunter. They want their rifles. It s their lifeline. So let them keep their guns until they re assigned desk jobs at the Pentagon,  the Congressman urged.According to the Navy Times, some SEALs have been  forced to spend their own money on combat gear. Former active-duty special operator Lt. Cmdr. Sean Matson, visiting Capitol Hill at Hunter s invitation, said he  had to put up $900 of his own money to buy a high-quality ballistic helmet when the Navy dragged its heels on upgrading his kit. Hunter portrayed the SEAL rifle shortage as a consequence of  wasteful spending,  noting that abundant funds for purchasing rifles, which are far less expensive than most of the equipment the military buys, should be available, based on congressional spending authorizations for special ops forces.Hunter s chief of staff Joe Kasper told the Navy Times shortages of  optics, night vision, and laser attachments  have also been reported, even as the budget for Navy Special Warfare increased. So there are obviously some trade-offs being made, but they re occurring at the expense of operators and their firepower   and those are the absolute worst trade-offs to make,  said Kasper. Meanwhile Daily Caller   The Marine Corps is getting ready to conduct a massive operation to move hundreds of desert tortoises living on combat training grounds so they won t be crushed to death by military vehicles.The operation s total cost: $50 million to move 1,185 tortoises, or about $42,000 per tortoise. ",0
14347,THE FIX IS IN: Michigan Mayor Threatened By DNC For CHEERING For His Candidate At Debate [VIDEO],"Here is a screen shot of the Facebook post by Warren, MI Mayor Jim Fouts where he explains what happened to him at the Democrat Debate last night. It s interesting that the Mayor accuses the Democrat party of using  totalitarian control  to silence him. Where the heck has he been for the last several decades? I mean, no one forced him to be a Democrat, and certainly nothing has changed in decades if not for centuries. The Democrat party just seems to be more open about their unscrupulous behavior now, since stealing and cheating their fellow Americans seems to be more acceptable under the reign of their Community Organizer In Chief .Maybe the real reason they didn t want the Mayor at the debate is because the Democrat Mayor lauded GM valet driver, Didarul Sarder, a concealed carrier, who stopped a woman from stabbing her mother to death at the GM Tech Center last month. Fortunately Didarul Sarder was able to prevent any further stabbing by threatening the aggressor with his gun. Sarder was  also able to hold her at gunpoint until the police were able to arrive. Any Democrat Mayor who celebrates a concealed carry hero is not someone who the gun-grabbing Hillary wants supporting her campaign.Here s a screen shot of the loving daughter who stabbed her mother so many times, she was clinging to life by a thread.Watch dramatic video here: The man who broke up a stabbing at the General Motors Tech Center last week was honored Thursday for stopping a crime that could have ended worse.Didarul Sarder was given a proclamation from Warren Mayor Jim Fouts and a $1,000 gift certificate to a Shelby Township jewelry store. My first reaction was to try to save this woman s life,  the Warren resident said when he saw a 32-year-old woman stabbing her 52-year-old mother multiple times outside the main door of one of the buildings on the automaker s Warren campus on Van Dyke.Said Fouts:  Any of us   we never know when we ll need a Didarul Sarder. Without his help, I believe the woman would ve passed away. Sarder intervened, but how he did it nearly cost him his job.Legally licensed to carry a weapon, Sarder pointed his gun at the younger woman and gave a warning   drop the weapon or I ll shoot   and the woman complied. The problem is, Sarder s employer, Chicago-based contractor SP Plus, and General Motors, which contracts with the valet service, have a no-gun policy at the tech center.GM interceded on Sarder s behalf and SP Plus agreed he should keep his job, with the understanding he would comply with the no guns policy. He returned to work Monday.The incident happened around 9:17 a.m. last Wednesday when Sarder heard from the valets he manages that a woman was being attacked. Video shown at Thursday s event shows Sarder, 32, ran through the building s lobby, got outside and saw a woman being stabbed. He pulled his gun and ordered her attacker to stop.The aggressor is facing charges and the victim is recovering in the hospital.Fouts said if his political role model, President Harry Truman, were around, Sarder might have received a presidential proclamation, not just a mayoral one. Via: Detroit News",0
14348,BEST BERNIE SANDERS Yard Sign You Will EVER See!,"Here s a great way to explain socialism to the neighbors. Of course, we re not condoning doing anything that might be considered illegal ",0
14349,"STAND UP AND CHEER! UKIP Party Leader SLAMS Germany, France And EU Invasion Of Phony Refugees [VIDEO]","He s been Europe s version of the outspoken Ted Cruz for some time now. Nigel Farage, leader of the UK Independence Party may be the most disliked member of the European Parliment. But he plows ahead, ignorning  the open sneers and insults by his fellow members of the EU Parliment.  In what must count as perhaps the worst piece of public policy seen in modern Europe for half a century. When you compound it with an already failing and flawed EU common asylum policy, by saying to the whole world,  Please come to Europe.  and we saw frankly, virtually a stampede, and we learned that 80% of those that are coming are not Syrian refugees. In fact, what you ve done is opened the door to young, male, economic migrants, many of whom I have to say behave quite in a rather an aggressive manner, quite the opposite of what you would expect to see of any refugee. And yet when that failure is met by objections from countries like Hungary, their opinions are crushed.  This isn t a Europe of peace, it s a Europe of division, it s a Europe of disharmony, it s a Europe that s a recipe for resentment. And yet, faced with all this failure, both of you said the same thing today. You said,  Europe isn t working so let s have some more Europe, more of the same failing.  Well there is I think, a bright star on the horizon. It s called the British referendum. And given that none of you want to concede Britain the ability to take back control of her own borders, a  Brexit  now, looks more likely than at any other time. We could use about 100 Nigel Farage s in our U.S. Congress .https://youtu.be/GbJp8zxduWk",0
14350,"Bernie Sanders: When you’re White, you don’t know what it’s like to be poor…to live in ghetto” [VIDEO]","Bernie Sanders is so focused on pandering to blacks, trashing whites and bashing police officers, he doesn t even notice when he s stuck his decrepit old foot in his mouth  Hillary and Bernie are so busy pandering to the black vote, they almost forgot the majority of Americans are not black and their constant barage of disparaging remarks and insults directed at white voter just might make some white Americans NOT want to support them Being a white person in the United States of America, I know that I have never had the experience that so many people in this audience have had,  Clinton said.  I think it s incumbent upon me and what I have been trying to talk about is to urge white people about what it is like to have  the talk  with your kids, scared that yours or daughters even could get in trouble for no good reason whatsoever, like Sandra Bland and end up dead in a jail in Texas.   That is what I will try to do to deal with what I know is the racism that stalking our country,  she said.  When you re white, you don t know what it s like to be living in a ghetto and to be poor,  Sanders said.  You don t know what it s like to be hassled when you walk down the street or get dragged out of a car. I believe as a nation in the year 2016, we must be firm in making it clear: We will end institutional racism and reform a broken criminal justice system.  Via: National Review",0
14351,SORRY MITT…GOP Rules Say You’re Not Qualified To Steal The Nomination From The People’s Choice [VIDEO],"You can t blame the guy who had the whole election wrapped up and then, embarrassingly gave it back to Barack for trying right?Sorry Mitt Romney On FOX News Sunday this morning Rush Limbaugh pointed out that even with a brokered convention the Republican nominees must have won a majority of delegates in at least 8 states.So far only one candidate qualifies with 12 state victories   Donald Trump.Rush said the GOP would have to change the convention rules in order to steal the election from the Republican base.So even if the GOP establishment wants to nominate a Paul Ryan or Mitt Romney they couldn t because they have not won majority of delegates in any state let alone 8 states.This convention rule   Number 40   was adopted at the 2012 convention. Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
14352,WHATEVER HAPPENED To Trump’s Second Wife? [VIDEO],"It s a pretty safe bet that the press isn t able to reveal any bad blood between Donald and his second wife or we wouldn t even have to ask,  Whatever happened to Trump s second wife? ",0
14353,“They Will Kill Him Before They Let Him Become President”,"This letter was originally attributed to well-known conservative commentator and radio talk show host, Bill Bennett. Bennett has since denied ever writing this letter. Some are saying this letter was written by Wayne Allen Root, however we can find no evidence to verify that Root wrote this letter either. We believe the letter has some outstanding points and should be read by every voter as they consider the candidate they will support for President in 2016.Here is the letter that was sent to 100% FED Up:What I see happening in a Trump Presidency:They will kill him before they let him be president. It could be a Republican or a Democrat that instigates the shutting up of Trump.Don t be surprised if Trump has an accident. Some people are getting very nervous: Barack Obama, Valerie Jarrett, Eric Holder, Hillary Clinton and Jon Corzine, to name just a few.It s about the unholy dynamics between big government, big business, and big media. They all benefit by the billions of dollars from this partnership, and it s in all of their interests to protect one another. It s one for all and all for one. It s a heck of a filthy relationship that makes everyone filthy rich, everyone except the American people. We get ripped off. We re the patsies. But for once, the powerful socialist cabal and the corrupt crony capitalists are scared. The over-the-top reaction to Trump by politicians of both parties, the media, and the biggest corporations of America has been so swift and insanely angry that it suggests they are all threatened and frightened.Donald Trump can self-fund. No matter how much they say to the contrary, the media, business, and political elite understand that Trump is no joke. He could actually win and upset their nice cozy apple cart.It s no coincidence that everyone has gotten together to destroy The Donald. It s because most of the other politicians are part of the a good old boys club. They talk big, but they won t change a thing. They are all beholden to big-money donors. They are all owned by lobbyists, unions, lawyers, gigantic environmental organizations, and multinational corporations   like Big Pharmacy or Big Oil. Or they are owned lock, stock, and barrel by foreigners like George Soros owns Obama or foreign governments own Hillary and their Clinton Foundation donations.These run-of-the-mill establishment politicians are all puppets owned by big money. But there s one man who isn t beholden to anyone. There s one man who doesn t need foreigners, or foreign governments, or George Soros, or the United Auto Workers, or the teacher s union, or the Service Employees International Union, or the Bar Association to fund his campaign.Billionaire tycoon and maverick Donald Trump doesn t need anyone s help. That means he doesn t care what the media says. He doesn t care what the corporate elites think. That makes him very dangerous to the entrenched interests. That makes Trump a huge threat to those people. Trump can ruin everything for the bribed politicians and their spoiled slave masters.Don t you ever wonder why the GOP has never tried to impeach Obama? Don t you wonder why John Boehner and Mitch McConnell talk a big game, but never actually try to stop Obama? Don t you wonder why Congress holds the purse strings, yet has never tried to de-fund Obamacare or Obama s clearly illegal executive action on amnesty for illegal aliens? Bizarre, right? It defies logic, right?First, I d guess many key Republicans are being bribed. Secondly, I believe many key Republicans are being blackmailed. Whether they are having affairs, or secretly gay, or stealing taxpayer money, the National Security Agency knows everything.Ask former House Speaker Dennis Hastert about that. The government even knew he was withdrawing large sums of his own money from his own bank account. The NSA, the SEC, the IRS, and all the other three-letter government agencies are watching every Republican political leader. They surveil everything. Thirdly, many Republicans are petrified of being called racists, so they are scared to ever criticize Obama or call out his crimes, let alone demand his impeachment. Fourth , why rock the boat? After defeat or retirement, if you re a good old boy, you ve got a $5 million-per-year lobbying job waiting. The big-money interests have the system gamed. Win or lose, they win.But Trump doesn t play by any of these rules. Trump breaks up this nice, cozy relationship between big government, big media, and big business. All the rules are out the window if Trump wins the Presidency. The other politicians will protect Obama and his aides but not Trump. Remember: Trump is the guy who publicly questioned Obama s birth certificate. He questioned Obama s college records and how a mediocre student got into an Ivy League university. Now, he s doing something no Republican has the chutzpah to do. He s questioning our relationship with Mexico; he s questioning why the border is wide open; he s questioning why no wall has been built across the border; he s questioning if allowing millions of illegal aliens into America is in our best interests; he s questioning why so many illegal aliens commit violent crimes, yet are not deported; and he s questioning why our trade deals with Mexico, Russia and China are so bad.Trump has the audacity to ask out loud why American workers always get the short end of the stick. Good question! I m certain Trump will question what happened to the almost billion dollars given in a rigged no-bid contract to college friends of Michelle Obama at foreign companies to build the defective Obamacare website. By the way, that tab is now up to $5 billion. Trump will ask if Obamacare s architects can be charged with fraud for selling it by lying. Trump will investigate Obama s widespread IRS conspiracy, not to mention Obama s college records. Trump will prosecute Clinton and Obama for fraud committed to cover up Benghazi before the election. How about the fraud committed by employees of the Labor Department when they made up dramatic job numbers in the last jobs report before the 2012 election?Obama, the multinational corporations and the media need to stop Trump. They recognize this could get out of control. If left unchecked, telling the raw truth and asking questions everyone else is afraid to ask, Trump could wake a sleeping giant. Trump s election would be a nightmare. Obama has committed many crimes. No one else but Trump would dare to prosecute. He will not hesitate. Once Trump gets in and gets a look at the cooked books and Obama s records, the game is over. The goose is cooked. Holder could wind up in prison. Jarrett could wind up in prison. Obama bundler Corzine could wind up in prison for losing $1.5 billion of customer money. Clinton could wind up in jail for deleting 32,000 emails or for accepting bribes from foreign governments while Secretary of State, or for misplacing $6 billion as the head of the State Department, or for lying about Benghazi. The entire upper level management of the IRS could wind up in prison.Obamacare will be de-funded and dismantled. Obama himself could wind up ruined, his legacy in tatters. Trump will investigate. Trump will prosecute. Trump will go after everyone involved. That s why the dogs of hell have been unleashed on Donald Trump.Yes, it s become open season on Donald Trump. The left and the right are determined to attack his policies, harm his businesses, and, if possible, even keep him out of the coming debates. But they can t silence him. And they sure can t intimidate him. The more they try, the more the public will realize that he s the one telling the truth .",0
14354,A FAREWELL TO NANCY: A One-Of-A-Kind Love Story [VIDEO], The greatest love affair in the history of the American Presidency.  -Charlton HestonTo learn more about Young Americans Foundation go here: yaf.org,0
14355,LOL! ONE WORD THAT DESCRIBES HILLARY Perfectly Appears Behind Her At Rally…She’s Not Going To Like It!,Most sane Americans are gonna love it!h/t Weasel Zippers,0
14356,They Fought And Died To Protect Total STRANGERS From Socialism…Why Young Voters Are Embracing The Same EVIL In America Today,"This is a brilliantly written piece by Nick Short of Politically Short on the successful indoctrination our youth. He explains what has led the to rabid support Bernie Sanders, an avowed Socialist and a true disciple of Saul Alinsky, Hillary Clinton In his book The Snapping of the American Mind, David Kupelian asks the following painful question that millions of Americans like myself have pondered for years and will ponder for some time to come as America slowly rips itself apart. Kupelian writes,  How could it be that hundreds of thousands of Americans fought and bled   and many died   on foreign shores to contain an evil and metas-tasizing ideology variously called communism, Marxism, socialism, collectivism, or statism, and yet now, just a few years later, we would gaze up at the pinnacle of power in our own country and behold leaders in thrall to essentially the same core ideology we fought and died to protect strangers from? The answer to this is can be found within the culture itself and more specifically within Americas youth who have seemingly embraced the concept of socialism with little to no understanding of what socialism even is. Yet, like frogs slowly boiling to death in the cesspools that have become our college campuses, our nations youth collectively embrace the ideology that will destroy them while demanding that they be  protected  from opinions that run contrary to their beliefs. For instance, after the outspoken conservative and feminist critic Milo Yiannopoulos gave a speech at Rutgers University the college responded in a way that has become typical in the cesspools that are our academia. Writing in the Rutgers campus newspaper, The Daily Targum, Noa Halff notes:Students and faculty gathered in the Paul Robeson Cultural Center on Busch campus to generate dialogue about Yiannopoulos s visit and the protest that occurred during his lecture. A variety of different organizations and departments were present to listen, answer questions and show support.Representatives from the Rutgers University Police Department, the Office of Violence Prevention and Victim Assistance, Counseling, Alcohol and other Drug Assistance Program and Psychiatric Services and the Bias Prevention and Education Committee were present. Members from the Black Student Union, the Asian American Cultural Center, Center for Latino Arts and Culture, College Student Affairs and many more were also in attendance.In short, this official response to a conservative speaker from what was once one of America s most prestigious universities is a damning indictment of a generation that has been primed for totalitarianism. The fact that this isn t an isolated example is bad, but what s worse is that these very same college students have become champions of government regulated speech so long as the speech being regulated emanates from the right. This is happening while at the same time students are actively discouraged from thinking for themselves. It s a testament to how successful the left has been in capturing our nations schools that today analytical thinking, once the basis of our education system, is virtually gone.It s a symptom of progressivism to see that the supposed  college educated  today have become fierce proponents for government regulated speech, but progressivism itself is not the underlying root cause. The cause itself can be found in the ideology known as liberalism which has been carried to its logical and practical extreme, totalitarianism.As James Burnham explained in his 1964 classic, Suicide of the West,  liberalism has always operated most naturally as a tendency of opposition to the prevailing order, to the status quo, the ancien r gime, the Establishment in general or in its several parts.  Liberalism, continues Burnham,  has always stressed change, reform, the break with encrusted habit whether in the form of old ideas, old customs or old institutions. Thus liberalism has been and continues to be primarily negative in its impact on society.  What is different today though is that liberalism now controls all the powerful institutions of culture, from the media to education and everything in between, while at the same time it faces literally no opposition. The left controls the culture and given that political issues are often decided at the cultural level before they even reach the political realm, the opposition is almost always rendered defenseless. Or in the case of college campuses, the opposition isn t even permitted to make its case.It is outright totalitarianism that is taking place today within American society from the silencing of conservatives on college campuses to forcing Christian business owners to pay excessive fines and face prison sentences for holding true to their beliefs in traditional marriage. The nation has fractured into two separate Americas that continue to drift further and further apart with half the nation seemingly convinced that their rights stem from the government while the other from God. The former seeks not only to control the latter but to see to it that the latter is utterly destroyed. To accomplish this, liberalism functions as all totalitarian movements have functioned in the past, by subjecting individuals to unbearable stress, conflict, and crisis until each is broken. Whether the means to do so are accomplished financially, spiritually, culturally, or psychologically matters little as it always justifies the end. The end of course being the destruction of the will of each and every American so that liberalism can remake the individual from the ashes in which it has destroyed them.Liberalism wants you to snap, it wants to challenge your sanity and destroy your belief system so that it can remold you in its image of dependency. First and foremost though, it must extinguish those institutions in which we hold dear. It is why, since his first day in office, Barack Obama has relentlessly attacked the cultural, moral, and religious institutions that those of us on the right hold dear. Yet, even Obama himself is not solely the one to blame for he represents the logical extreme of liberalism; He is a symptom of the progressive creation and his rise to the pinnacle of power in this nation represented a turning point for the worse as the government has been infused with an ideology of totalitarianism. Take a look at any government agency functioning today and you d be hard pressed to find just one that isn t completely politicized into attacking the ideological opponents of progressivism. In turn, you can do the same exact thing with our culture itself and you ll find the same results. Wherever the progressives are in power, from the government to the culture to the academia and the media, the hatred of Western values dominates.Popular discourse today sees the West in general as being  guilty of genocidal crimes against civilization  for Western values seen through the lens of liberalism represents the  greatest repository of racism, sexism, xenophobia, antisemitism, fascism, and narcissism.  As the Father of the New Left Herbert Marcuse so eloquently put it,  American society is oppressive, evil, and undeserving of loyalty.  With this notion in mind, liberalism places a new emphasis on liberating all men and women from the  evil repression  and  tyrannical values  that Western civilization was built upon. To bring this about, progressives have designed numerous strategies to discredit and smear the values that had forged and sustained the West for the past 2,000 years. The left, no matter what they call them-self today, breeds the ideology the totalitarianism as every single proposed and forced through  reforms  serves to reduce human personality to its most primitive levels and to extinguish the highest, most complex, and  God-like  aspects of human individuality. Even equality itself, while serving as a powerful appeal to the masses with its great promises of  each according to his need , turns out to signify not equality of rights, of opportunities, and of external conditions, but equality of complete uniformity in thought and condition.The total implementation of the principles espoused by liberalism deprives human life of individuality and simultaneously deprives life of its meaning and attraction. America isn t at this point yet, but it is coming as reflected in a generation that is at best negligent and at worst complicit in the march towards totalitarianism. How do I know for certain that this is where we are headed? Because what iv e been calling progressive totalitarianism is what was once called socialism. And following the basic tendency of socialism, liberalism is hostile toward human personality not only as a category, but ultimately to its very existence. In the words of Alexander Solzhenitsyn,  socialism of any type and shade leads to a total destruction of the human spirit and to a leveling of mankind into death. Socialism masquerading as progressivism is really totalitarianism that will inevitably lead to the total destruction of the American spirit and to a leveling of America into death. For entire story: Politically ShortPlease consider making a donation to Nick Short s website HERE",0
14357,DON’T LET HILLARY HIJACK THE FLINT WATER CRISIS: Audit Finds State Regulators At Fault,"Hillary Clinton came to visit the citizens of Flint recently and then campaign commercials popped up claiming the Flint residents would be  saved  by Granny Clinton. It s what she does best pandering to the black community. She wants the people to believe that the Republicans have decided to poison the people of Flint and she s here to save the day. Well, we ve got the truth and we re hoping you ll spread it far and wide. This is about STATE regulators who dropped the ball when Flint switched from Detroit water to Flint:FLINT, Mich. (AP)   Michigan environmental regulators made crucial errors as Flint began using a new drinking water source that would become contaminated with lead, auditors said Friday, as crews in the city started to dig up old pipes connecting water mains to homes.The report by the state auditor general found that staffers in the Department of Environmental Quality s drinking water office failed to order the city to treat its water with anti-corrosion chemicals as it switched to the Flint River in April 2014, but also said the rules they failed to heed may not be strong enough to protect the public.Flint had been using water from the Detroit system but made the change to save money, planning eventually to join a consortium that would have its own pipeline to the lake. The corrosive river water scraped lead from aging pipes that tainted water in some homes and schools, and has been blamed for elevated lead levels in some children s bloodstreams. If consumed, lead can cause developmental delays and learning disabilities.Crews on Friday dug up a lead service line in Flint and replaced it with a copper one at the home of an expectant couple. It marked the first residential lead pipe removal that is part of Mayor Karen Weaver s Fast Start initiative designed to replace all lead service lines in the city.Barry Richardson II, who lives in the home with his pregnant fiancee, thanked mayor and said he no longer will  have to worry about the lead poisoning  his water.Weaver said the work that started Friday will target lead service lines at homes in neighborhoods with the highest number of children under 6 years old, senior citizens, pregnant women, people with compromised immune systems and homes where water tests indicate high levels of lead at the tap.More than two dozen Democrats, including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, also visited Flint on Friday to hear from families affected by the water crisis. Democratic Rep. Dan Kildee of Michigan said it let lawmakers hear about Flint s problems firsthand and kept up pressure for Congress to act on a stalled bill aimed at helping the city. Kildee criticized Senate Republicans for delaying the bill and noted that lawmakers who have visited Flint in recent weeks were all Democrats.Republican Gov. Rick Snyder, who has repeatedly apologized for the state s response, said it s taking longer than expected to locate all the lead pipes in the city but the state is working to find them.The DEQ has acknowledged that its staffers who worked with Flint misread federal regulations designed to prevent lead and copper pollution of drinking water supplies. Three DEQ employees, including the director, have lost their jobs.Director Keith Creagh said Friday the DEQ appreciates the auditor general s  thorough review  and  is committed to developing and implementing process and program improvements to address the findings in the report. But the DEQ said the federal Lead and Copper Rule was ambiguous, and the auditors agreed, saying it and Michigan s Safe Water Drinking Act needed improvements. Snyder said he d also like to set a higher water quality standard than the federal rule.The audit said the federal rule does not require using indicators such as blood screenings to monitor for human exposure to lead. Sampling of drinking water that does take place relies mostly on samples from single-family residences, leaving out other locations such as schools and hospitals.Additionally, many samples are taken by residents, who might use incorrect procedures, the report said.Other DEQ shortcomings it noted included a failure to ensure that Flint drew enough water samples for testing from high-risk homes with lead pipes or fixtures. The agency said it would  put in place appropriate audit procedures that will increase the confidence and accuracy of water supply submissions. DEQ also does not conduct surveillance visits, sanitary surveys and other monitoring within required time frames, a problem in places other than Flint, the report said. The department said 95 percent of sanitary surveys and 64 percent of surveillance visits meet required deadlines, exceeding goals set by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.Via: KMOV",0
14358,WATCH: RONALD REAGAN WARNED US ABOUT OBAMA 40 Years Ago…Too Bad No One Listened,"This video needs to be shared over and over again, as America slips closer and closer to the edge with a potentially disasterous Hillary or Bernie Sanders presidency ",0
14359,BUCKLE UP AMERICA: Dinesh D’Souza’s Is About To EXPOSE The Democrat Party In “Hillary’s America”…WATCH The Powerful NEW Trailer HERE,"No one exposes the truth about the corrupt and self-serving Democrat party better than Dinesh D Souza. For decades, the Democrat party has been able to sweep their role in slavery under the rug this movie could change that. The movie is set to be released on July 25,2016. It all began when the Obama Administration tried to shut me up. What did I learn? The system doesn t go after them because they run the system. It s time to go behind the curtain discover the soul of the Democratic Party. CLICK HERE to purchase tickets or to find out if  Hillary s America  is playing in a theater near you. If there is no theater willing to show  Hillary s America  near you, click HERE to demand your local theater shows this important film.The Blaze Tucked among talk about his new book, upcoming documentaries and the future of the United States, Dinesh D Souza made a major prediction on the next American president:  If I had to bet now, I regret to say, I would bet on Hillary. [quote_box_center] [Clinton s campaign staff] fight like it matters to them,  D Souza said on The Glenn Beck Program.  They re in a knife fight, not a chess match, and we have to up our game. [/quote_box_center][quote_box_center] I respect their ruthlessness,  D Souza said.  If you look at Hillary, her political strategy is to doggedly move ahead and dare everybody else to bludgeon her to the ground and sit on her, otherwise she s going to keep moving   you ve got to respect that. [/quote_box_center] Her ambition is to establish a kind of stranglehold of control over the leaders of wealth and power in America,  D Souza posited.  I don t just mean the government. I mean the private sector, over the lives of American citizens. D Souza compared the presidential contender s ambition to a  Napoleonic hunger for power  and  tyrannical impulse,  claiming Clinton would not be satisfied  if everything is not at your command   if everyone is not at your behest. ",0
14360,JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO: Mitt Romney Awoke A Sleeping Giant [Video],"Once again, Judge Jeanine nails it! No matter which candidate you support, this is great! ",0
14361,OOPS! HYPOCRITE HILLARY Uses FLINT WATER CRISIS To Prop Up Campaign…Ignores Major 1992 Clinton Water Pollution Scandal,"Only Hillary would go to Flint, MI to use the water crisis in a city run by Democrats to prop up her campaign. Americans should have known that with the extensive list of scandals in Hillary s past, there had to be a water pollution scandal. Well, as it turns out there is and it s a whopper!  Hillary Clinton has turned the drinking water crisis in Flint, Michigan, into a central issue for her campaign and will look to capitalize on that focus when she faces Bernie Sanders at Saturday s Democratic debate in the troubled city, but in the 1992 Democratic primary, it was Bill Clinton who was on defense for standing by as Arkansas  water was polluted.Former senator Tom Harkin (D., Iowa) went after Clinton during a candidate forum that year for putting himself forward as an environmentalist even though Arkansas was an environmental disaster during his tenure as governor. Mr. Clinton, that was a very nice, flowery little speech, but we have to start reading the records and not the lips,  said Harkin, who went on to point out that Arkansas was rated last in environmental policy during his governorship.Here s video of the interaction:Harkin also said that Clinton s Environmental Protection Agency was  a joke  and that it was  loaded with representatives of the biggest polluter in Arkansas. That polluter was Tyson Foods, a powerful political backer of Clinton that contaminated the drinking water supply of more than 300,000 people with roughly 500,000 tons of chicken waste that was dumped into streams. The presence of  fecal bacteria  in the water caused entire towns near Tyson plants to be plagued by chronic dysentery and salmonella.In one case, it took Clinton 17 months after being notified by health inspectors that a Tyson plant was leaking 1 million gallons of sewage into a town s water supply to take any action.This turned into a major issue in the 1992 campaign, and not just for Clinton s opponents.After Clinton won his party s nomination, CNN sent a reporter to Arkansas to examine just how bad the environmental situation was.Here s video of the lengthy report:The report found that state agencies were aware that 3,700 miles of Arkansas waterways were at risk of being destroyed by  agricultural source pollution  and that it took Clinton until 1990 to create a task force to address the problem.One scientist who focused on the quality of Arkansas water expressed his belief to CNN that the only reason Clinton formed the task force was because of his presidential aspirations. I think there is a direct connection between the current emphasis on animal waste and runoff and his bid for the presidency,  said hydrologist Skip Halterman.Clinton is also criticized by CNN for giving a third of the seats on the task force to members of the poultry industry that was a major source of political contributions for Clinton. Via: WFB",0
14362,WE’VE GOT THE LIST Of Bill and Hillary Clinton’s Speeches You Won’t Believe!,"Bill and Hillary Clinton whored themselves out for over $25 million dollars from 2013 to 2015   the disturbing thing is that there is no video or transcript to be found of these speeches. The list of who they spoke to is a who s who of the banking and health industry. What on earth could they have said to garner such a huge fee? Hummmm Many things come to mind looking at this data: The median income for a family of 4 (two workers) is around $50,000 a year.Yet, we have a presidential candidate railing against the 1% and big businesses while  fighting for the downtrodden  who makes more in a 20-30 minute speech then a family can earn in 4 years??!!.An average 20 minute speech has 2500 words so she made about $100.00 a WORD for many of these speeches.What what so valuable in these short speeches to justify a quarter million dollars per pop??You notice we have not seen a single transcript or video of any of these??? Surprising in this day of technology where everything is recorded.How would Hillary s narrative of  chastising the big banks  actually hold up compared to what she actually said??? Especially, when participants only remember her talking to them in glowing terms??? Not that Hillary has ever stretched the truth before .How could all these companies justify these expenses to their board without showing some  return in kind ??? The Clinton s paid speeches between 2013 and 2015Hillary Clinton s speeches:GE 1/6/2014 Boca Raton, Fl. $225,500 National Automobile Dealers Association 1/27/2014 New Orleans, La. $325,500 Premier Health Alliance 1/27/2014 Miami, Fl. $225,500 Salesforce.com 2/6/2014 Las Vegas, Nv. $225,500 Novo Nordisk A/S 2/17/2014 Mexico City, Mexico 125,000 Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society 2/26/2014 Orlando, Fl. $225,500 A&E Television Networks 2/27/2014 New York, N.Y. 280,000 Association of Corporate Counsel   Southern California 3/4/2014 Los Angeles, Ca. $225,500 The Vancouver Board of Trade 3/5/2014 Vancouver, Canada $275,500 tinePublic Inc. 3/6/2014 Calgary, Canada $225,500 Pharmaceutical Care Management Association 3/13/2014 Orlando, Fl. $225,500 Drug Chemical and Associated Technologies 3/13/2014 New York, N.Y. $250,000 Xerox Corporation 3/18/2014 New York, N.Y. $225,000 Board of Trade of Metropolitan Montreal 3/18/2014 Montreal, Canada $275,000 Academic Partnerships 3/24/2014 Dallas, Tx. $225,500 Marketo Inc. 4/8/2014 San Francisco, Ca. $225,500 World Affairs Council 4/8/2014 Portland, Or. $250,500 Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries Inc. 4/10/2014 Las Vegas, Nv. $225,500 Let s Talk Entertainment 4/10/2014 San Jose, Ca. $265,000 California Medical Association (via satellite) 4/11/2014 San Diego, Ca. $100,000 National Council for Behavioral Healthcare 5/6/2014 Washington D.C. $225,500 International Deli-Dairy-Bakery Association 6/2/2014 Denver, Co. $225,500 Let s Talk Entertainment 6/2/2014 Denver, Co. $265,000 United Fresh Produce Association 6/10/2014 Chicago, Il. $225,000 tinePublic Inc. 6/16/2014 Toronto, Canada $150,000 tinePublic Inc. 6/18/2014 Edmonton, Canada $100,000 Innovation Arts and Entertainment 6/20/2014 Austin, Tx. $150,000 Biotechnology Industry Organization 6/25/2014 San Diego, Ca. $335,000 Innovation Arts and Entertainment 6/25/2014 San Francisco, Ca. $150,000 GTCR 6/26/2014 Chicago, Il. $280,000 Knewton, Inc. 7/22/2014 San Francisco, Ca. $225,500 Ameriprise 7/26/2014 Boston, Ma. $225,500 Corning, Inc. 7/29/2014 Corning, N.Y. $225,500 Nexenta Systems, Inc. 8/28/2014 San Francisco, Ca. $300,000 Cisco 8/28/2014 Las Vegas, Nv. $325,000 Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP 9/4/2014 San Diego, Ca. $225,500 Caridovascular Research Foundation 9/15/2014 Washington D.C. $275,000 Commercial Real Estate Women Network 10/2/2014 Miami Beach, Fl. $225,500 Canada 2020 10/6/2014 Ottawa, Canada $215,500 Deutsche Bank AG 10/7/2014 New York, N.Y. $280,000 Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) 10/8/2014 Chicago, Il. $265,000 Council of Insurance Agents and Brokers 10/13/2014 Colorado Springs, Co. $225,500 Salesforce.com 10/14/2014 San Francisco, Ca. $225,500 Qualcomm Incorporated 10/14/2014 San Diego, Ca. $335,000 Massachusetts Conference for Women 12/4/2014 Boston, Ma. $205,500 tinePublic Inc. 1/21/2015 Winnipeg, Canada $262,000 tinePublic Inc. 1/21/2015 Saskatoon, Canada $262,500 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 1/22/2015 Whistler, Canada $150,000 2/24/2015 Santa Clara, Ca. $225,500 eBay Inc. 3/11/2015 San Jose, Ca. $315,000 American Camping Association 3/19/2015 Atlantic City, N.J. $260,000 TOTAL $11,987,000 Bill Clinton s speeches:Patient Safety Movement Foundation 1/12/2014 Laguna Niguel, Ca. $315,000.00 National Multi Housing Council 1/23/2014 Boca Raton, Fl. $285,000 Thomas Lloyd Global Asset Management 1/24/2014 Frankfurt, Germany $200,000 The Fragrance Foundation 1/29/2014 New York, N.Y. $250,000 2/4/2014 Las Vegas, Nv. $290,000 Centurion Jewelry By Invitation Only, LLC 2/4/2014 Scottsdale, Az. $225,000 Young s Presidents Organization 2/27/2014 Los Angeles, Ca. $100,000 Bright Futures International 2/27/2014 Beverly Hills, Ca. $225,000 Microsoft Corporation 3/3/2014 Las Vegas, Nv. $225,000 Bank of America 3/6/2014 London, United Kingdom $500,000 Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check LLP 3/7/2014 The Netherlands $500,000 Telefonica (via satellite) 4/1/2014 Miami, Fl. $175,000 CSP LLC 4/1/2014 Scottsdale, Az. $225,000 Oracle Americas, Inc. 4/2/2014 Rancho Mirage, Ca. $300,000 Experian 5/5/2014 Dallas, Tx. $225,000 Jefferies LLC 5/6/2014 Miami, Fl. $225,000 Friends of Simon Wiesenthal Center for Holocaust Studies 5/12/2014 Toronto, Canada $275,000 Target Markets Program Administrators 5/13/2014 Baltimore, Md. $275,000 UBS Wealth Management Americas 5/19/2014 Washington D.C. $225,000 SCIP Capital Management, LLC 5/20/2014 New York, N.Y. $250,000 EAT The Stockholm Food Forum AB 5/26/2014 Stockholm, Sweeden $500,000 Entergy Corporation 6/5/2014 New York, N.Y. $250,000 Insurance Accounting and Systems Association 6/10/2014 Indianapolis, In. $225,000 Castlight Health 6/10/2014 New York, N.Y. $250,000 Hogan Lovelis US LLP 6/20/2014 Toronto, Canada $225,000 Skechers USA, Inc. 6/26/2014 Redondo Beach, Ca. $350,000 Deutsche Bank AG 8/27/2014 Boston, Ma. $270,000 Young s Presidents Organization 9/9/2014 New York, N.Y. $150,000 Association of Energy Engineers 10/1/2014 Washington D.C. $275,000 Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. 10/9/2014 Napa Valley, Ca. $225,000 Veritas Capital Fund Management LLC 10/14/2014 New York, N.Y. $250,000 UBS Wealth Management Americas 10/14/2014 Boston, Ma. $225,000 Citadel LLC 10/15/2014 New York, N.Y. $250,000 SAP America 10/23/2014 New York, N.Y. $250,000 Press Ganey Associates, Inc. 11/3/2014 Orlando, Fl. $225,000 World Affairs Council   Los Angeles 11/10/2014 Los Angeles, Ca. $150,000 Centerview Partners LLC 11/13/2014 Carefree, Az. $225,000 AT&T Services, Inc. 11/20/2014 Tuscon, Az. $225,000 Williams Morris Endeavor 1/9/2015 Carlsbad, Ca. $225,000 MPSF, Inc. 2/2/2015 Marin, Ca. $181,250 MPSF, Inc. 2/3/2015 Oakland, Ca. $181,250 MPSF, Inc. 2/4/2015 San Mateo, Ca. $181,250 MPSF, Inc. 2/5/2015 Marin, Ca. $181,250 UBS Wealth Management Americas 2/19/2015 Nashville, Tn. $225,000 National Association of Manufacturers 3/2/2015 Scottsdale, Az. $325,000 HR.com Limited 3/31/2015 Irving, Tx. $275,000 Texas China Business Council, LLC 3/31/2015 Austin, Tx. $265,000 Wyndham Hotel Group 4/1/2015 Las Vegas, Nv. $225,000 ISN Software Inc. 4/9/2015 Grapevine, Tx. $275,000 Oracle Corporation 4/16/2015 Rancho Mirage, Ca. $360,000 Univision Management Company 5/12/2015 New York, N.Y. $250,000 Apollo Management Holdings, LP 5/12/2015 New York, N.Y. $250,000 American Institute of Architects 5/14/2015 Atlanta, Ga. $250,000 TOTAL $13,460,000.00 Read more: Politico",0
14363,"SUPER SATURDAY SHOCKER: Cruz Crushing Trump In KS, Projected To WIN Maine","Maybe its Trump s announcement that he s softening his stance on H1B visas. Maybe Trump supporters are concerned that he s talking about suing newspapers, which many see as a disregard of our First Amendment. Or maybe it was the huge applause Trump got when he told a large crowd at a MI rally that he d gladly  waterboard and more  suspected terrorists, only to say later in the day said he had changed his mind and would follow international law stating,  I will use every legal power that I have to stop these terrorist enemies. I do, however, understand that the United States is bound by laws and treaties and I will not order our military or other officials to violate those laws and will seek their advice on such matters.  Whatever the reason might be, Ted Cruz is on a Super Saturday roll and appears to be leaving Donald Trump in the dust. We ll keep you up-to-date with the rest of the results as they come in.Cruz WINS Kansas:CNN projects @TedCruz will win the Kansas Republican caucuses https://t.co/DkPyle0Wrv pic.twitter.com/oZYtQxK6LB  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) March 5, 2016Cruz WINS CPAC Straw Poll:#ICYMI #BREAKING: @tedcruz wins 2016 #CPAC Straw Poll! pic.twitter.com/oAvlAiJW9L  CPAC 2018 (@CPAC) March 5, 2016Cruz is projected to WIN Maine:Anecdotal reports have Cruz crushing in the rural counties and even winning Portland narrowly. Maine looks like his state.  Phil Kerpen (@kerpen) March 5, 20165:47: Cruz says the  scream  and  howl  you hear from Washington is utter terror at what  we the people are doing together.  He says the last two weeks have been extraordinary. Cruz said there were 17 candidates in the race a year ago and now Republicans, libertarians and men and women who love freedom and the Constitution are standing as one behind his campaign. He says everyone understands the countries at risk and our Constitutional rights are under assault each and every day. He says voters know America has receded from the world and the world is a much dangerous place because of it. Cruz says he is here with a word of hope because people are  waking up  all America. Cruz says  jobs, freedom, and security  will be the three top issues in the election.via: Breitbart News",0
14364,COLLEGE STUDENTS ASKED How To Achieve The American Dream [Video],FREE STUFF! Bernie Sanders is their guy ugh! ,0
14365,"JOKE OF THE WEEK: A Marine, A Priest And A Flag Burning Hillary Supporter","HYSTERICAL!A US Marine enters the Catholic Church confessional booth in Jacksonville, FL.He tells the priest,  Bless me, Father, for I have sinned. Last night, I beat the s**t out of a flag burning Hillary supporter. The priest says,  My son, I am here to forgive your sins, not to discuss your community service. ",0
14366,ADMIRAL “ACE” LYONS: “Why would an American President embrace the Muslim Brotherhood?” [Video],THIS MAN IS A GREAT PATRIOT! Retired General  Ace  Lyons rips into the Obama regime like no other and it s honestly pretty frightening. ,0
14367,"OBAMA GIVES ILLEGAL ALIENS IN FLINT, MI Amnesty So They Can Get Free Sh*t From Taxpayers","Because people who scale border walls and break the law to get into our country deserve the same taxpayer funded benefits as legal citizens right?Caving into the demands of the open borders movement and pro-immigrant Spanish media, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) will refrain from enforcing immigration laws in areas of Flint, Michigan affected by a water crisis. The water amnesty is the latest of many reprieves issued by the Obama administration to help illegal immigrants nationwide. Judicial Watch has reported on many of them, including recent hurricane, earthquake, Ebola and  severe weather  amnesties.This one involves the widely reported water situation in Flint, which is located about 66 miles northwest of Detroit. Last year researchers discovered that the city s drinking water was contaminated with lead from decaying old pipes. The problem arose after a switch in 2014 in the city s water source to save money. Soon complaints mounted that the water smelled and looked strange and academic researchers discovered that it was toxic. This all occurred after a 7-1 vote by the Flint City Council to stop buying Detroit water and join a new pipeline project, according to a local news report.Now there s a state of emergency and the feds have stepped in, supplying the area with free bottled water and special filters to install at home until the local water supply is clean. For weeks immigrant rights groups complained that residents had to show identification to receive their free goods from the government and illegal aliens were being left out. National Spanish-language media outlets blasted the Obama administration for discriminating against illegal aliens. One reported that undocumented immigrants weren t getting help for fear of being deported, instead opting to drink contaminated water or pay out of pocket to buy some. Another major Spanish-language newspaper wrote that illegal immigrants and their children suffered lead poisoning and couldn t get clean emergency water because they didn t have identification cards.  When the National Guard went door to door distributing potable water, many were scared to open because they feared the uniformed persons were immigration agents who would deport them,  the paper wrote.The Anti-Defamation League (ADL), which claims to combat bigotry and protect civil rights for all, joined the cause expressing  horror  and  indignation  that the government denied undocumented immigrants free water and filters because they couldn t provide a photo ID or Social Security number. In a Spanish-language statement the group s Michigan chapter referred to news reports that Flint-area fire department stations distributing water were requiring identification. But even in places that aren t requiring ID, illegal immigrants are scared to come out and get their potable water out of fear that they will be deported, the ADL stresses in its announcement.  We are calling on the National Guard to order all fire departments and other centers distributing supplies that no one be rejected. Like a good lapdog the Obama administration obliged. This week DHS issued a statement in English and Spanish guaranteeing that U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) would not conduct enforcement operations at or near locations distributing clean water in Flint or surrounding areas.  Moreover, DHS officials do not and will not pose as individuals providing water-related information or distributing clean water as part of any enforcement activities,  the statement assures. The agency s priority is to support state and local government efforts to distribute clean water, the statement says, adding that DHS stands  ready to assist those in need.  Via: Judicial Watch",0
14368,"An OBAMA “LOW LEVEL OFFENDER” Gets Early Release From Prison: Brutally Murders Woman, Slits Throats of 7, 10 Yr Old Daughters","According to the mother of the 35 year old murdered woman, this maggot had tried to murder her before. But in Obama s eyes he didn t present any danger to the community. Hmmm I wonder if those were his two girls if he might feel differently?Obama s early release program is going to work as expected. A cocaine dealer who received early release murdered his ex-girlfriend and her two children. He now faces the death penalty.Criminals already plea down their cases and now thanks to Obama they get to plea and plea again.Wendell Callahan, 35, murdered Erveena Hammonds, 32, Anaesia Green, 10, and Breya Hammonds, 7.He slaughtered them, stabbed them brutally in their home in Columbus, Ohio in January.Once sentenced to 12 1/2 years, he had 4 years shaved off his sentence in two guideline changes.He also stabbed Hammonds current boyfriend Curtis Miller who showed up while Callahan was still in the apartment. Callahan was stabbed himself in the fight with MillerCallahan s mother said no one has talked to her son about what happened since he is in the hospital. Typical enabling mother and we have an enabling president.There were many witnesses and the children  throats were slit. They were in the first and fifth grades.In 2006, he tried to call her. Hammonds said that he had beaten and choked her so severely that she thought he  would have killed her if (a) good Samaritan didn t pass by. But he was good in prison and presented no threat to the public. He s one of those low level offenders Obama wants free to roam our streets.No threat? He tried to kill her in 2006!Callahan s idiotic mother said,His mother, however, said the murder accusations were out of character. He wouldn t do that to her and her kids,  she said.She raised a sociopath by making excuses for him.Via: Independent Sentinel",0
14369,WHY THIS AMERICAN Feels Safer With An ISIS Flag Than A Confederate Flag On His Front Porch,"This is hysterical, but sadly it s not far-fetched at all!I took down my Rebel flag (which you can t buy on e-bay any more) and peeled the NRA sticker off the front door.  I disconnected my home alarm system and quit the candy-ass Neighborhood Watch. I bought two Pakistani flags and put one at each corner of the front yard. Then I purchased the black flag of ISIS (which you CAN buy on e-bay) and put it in the CENTER of the yard.  Now, the local police, sheriff, FBI, CIA, NSA, Homeland Security, Secret Service and other agencies are all watching the house 24/7.I ve NEVER felt safer and I m saving $69.95 a month that ADT charged me.Plus, I bought burkas for my family when we shop or travel. Everyone moves out of way and security can t pat us down  Safe at last   only in USA!",0
14370,WOW! HERE ARE FOUR LAWS Hillary Clinton Appears To Have Broken [Video],Former Attorney General Michael McKasey lists 4 laws Hillary Clinton appears to have broken:  There s one that says you can t put classified information in an unclassified setting. That s the one that General Petraeus was convicted of on his own plea. There s one that says that you can t expose national secrets through gross negligence. Then there s one that says you can t destroy government information. And then there s one that says you can t obstruct justice.  ,0
14371,WATCH: “It’s A Selfless Act”…Melania Trump Explains Why Donald Is Willing To Walk Away From His Business To MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN,"She s beautiful, classy, eloquent, and she s devoted to her husband and his quest to  Make America Great Again.  Melania Trump wants to make one thing perfectly clear however, she s  not a  yes  person. It s really quite refreshing to listen to the woman who could very likely be our next First Lady speak for an extended period of time without ever giving a hint that she has a chip on her shoulder. After 8 long years of living a 5-star life in our White House with her mother in tow, America has grown weary of Michelle Obama s complaining and divisive rhetoric. We re ready for a First Lady who truly loves her country and doesn t feel like she s lived her life being short-changed by everyone else who had a leg up on her. Melania Trump is a proud immigrant who loves her country and it shows in this interview:",0
14372,Hillary Supporters Explained In 6 BRUTAL Photos,"Hysterical With all the evidence available to American voters about Hillary, do you ever find yourself wondering,  Who in the world is still supporting her? We think we ve unlocked the secret to Hillary s success.Behold..the Hillary voter explained:Ever wish you had a  hunnit and Fiddy dollars? If Hillary had her way, this  daddy  would be voting for her from behind bars.You can t get a burger when you re out of  meet! We be right there!Here s a typical campaign contribution to Hillary:This lady has some strong advice for American voters. She is clearly a Bernie supporter ",0
14373,INVASION OF AMERICA: POSSIBILITY OF A TRUMP WALL Has Illegals Racing To Across The Border In Record Numbers,"A report just came out about the crazy huge numbers of illegals crossing our OPEN BORDER. Yes, Obama has basically opened our borders to pretty much anyone who can walk or crawl across. That means people from all over the globe including terrorists!The prospect of Donald Trump s border wall becoming a reality has illegal immigrants racing for the U.S.An investigative report by Reuters quantitatively and qualitatively shows the Republican front-runner s vow to secure the border has struck fear into the hearts of would-be illegal aliens. The news service interviewed migrants and smugglers for Tuesday s report, in addition to pouring over Customs and Border Patrol data: If Trump wins, we re all screwed and all Latinos are screwed,  Isaias Franco, a 46-year-old from El Salvador who was deported from the United States late last year and is now trying to get back, said at a migrant shelter in Ciudad Juarez, just across the border from El Paso, Texas.U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) data shows 150,304 migrants were detained trying to cross the U.S.-Mexico border between October and February, up 24 percent from the same period last year.Similar data for  unaccompanied  child migrants   those traveling without a guardian   is not yet available, but between October and January, 20,455 kids were apprehended on the southwest border, up over 100 percent from a year ago. They think they need to take advantage while they can,  said Blanca Rivera, who manages a Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, migrant shelter.She said coyotes in the Honduran capital Tegucigalpa   who charge about $7,000 per person   have been telling people now is the time to leave.CBP data revealed 150,304 people were apprehended trying to illegal enter the U.S. through its southern border between October and February 2015   a 24 percent jump over the previous year. Unaccompanied minors detained illegally entering the U.S. from October to January   20,455   skyrocketed 100 percent compared to the previous year.Isaias Franco, a 46-year-old from El Salvador who was deported from the U.S. last year, told Reuters from Ciudad Juarez that he was determined to return. If Trump wins, we re all screwed and all Latinos are screwed,  Franco said.  You watch the news   There s a lot of fear among Latinos. Read more: WNDMEXICO REJECTS THE POSSIBILITY OF A WALLMEXICO CITY (Reuters)   There is no way Mexico would fund Donald Trump s  terrible  plan to build a wall along its border with the United States if the Republican front-runner wins the U.S. presidential election, the Mexican finance minister said.Trump, the New York billionaire developer and former reality television star, sparked outrage in Mexico when he vowed to force Latin America s second largest economy to pay for a wall along the southern U.S. border to stem the flow of illegal immigration and drugs.In a televised interview late on Wednesday, Finance Minister Luis Videgaray categorically rejected the proposal. Under no circumstance will Mexico pay for the wall that Mr. Trump is proposing,  he said.  Building a wall between Mexico and the United States is a terrible idea. It is an idea based on ignorance and has no foundation in the reality of North American integration. Trump has accused Mexico of sending rapists and drug runners across the U.S. border and has vowed to increase fees on some Mexican visas and all border crossing cards as part of a broader plan to force Mexico to pay for the wall. Read more: Yahoo",0
14374,MEDIA FREAK OUT! Watch MSNBC Cut Mic Of Black Trump Supporter…Mention Bogus KKK Scandal 6 TIMES In 3 Minute Segment,"A recent poll showed that 40% of black voters support Donald Trump. The media is in full panic mode over the very real possibility that Trump could win the general in a landslide. The only hope they have of stopping him from winning with the black voter is by somehow effectively tying him to the KKK. MSNBC did their best to do just that in this ridiculous discussion where collectively, the hosts made 6 attempts to tie Donald Trump to the KKK in a span of 3.5 minutes. Lyin  Brian Williams opened up the the segment with an immediate tie in to Donald Trump and the KKK.MSNBC Republican pundit, and fired host of The View, Nicolle Wallace mentioned the KKK in relationship to Donald Trump FOUR times in less than 2 minutes,  where she was actually part of the conversation: Listen, I talked to folks today who ve been involved in previous presidential campaigns. Ken Mehlman a former campaign director and former RNC director put out the  and they put out the same message about the KKK. I don t know that we ve ever gone into a Super Tuesday where someone was going to clinch the nomination on the heels of his KKK scandal. Right?  There s a lot of hope in the sort of, in the midwest, where his support is very robust that he would actually bring new voters into the electorate. But you can t do that if you re acting ambivalent about just how abhorrent the KKK endorsement would have been. I think the party could grapple with a policy debate. That s not what we re having. We re having a wall-to-wall twenty-four-seven scandal where the Speaker of the  House and the Senate majority leader has to go before cameras and disavow the KKK. WATCH MSNBC cut the sound off when black Trump supporter tries to say  We re all Americans we need to stop the race stuff : ",0
14375,OBAMA’S JUSTICE DEPT. GRANTS IMMUNITY To Staffer Who Set Up Clinton E-Mail Server,"This is Barack Obama s Justice Department and Loretta Lynch is just taking orders. This is a BIG development!The Justice Department has granted immunity to the former State Department staffer who worked on Hillary Rodham Clinton s private email server, a sign the FBI investigation into possible criminal wrongdoing is progressing.A senior U.S. law enforcement official said the FBI had secured the cooperation of Bryan Pagliano who worked on Clinton s 2008 presidential campaign before setting up the server in her New York home in 2009.As the FBI looks to wrap up its investigation in the coming months, agents will likely want to interview Clinton and her senior aides about the decision to use a private server, how it was set up, and whether any of the participants knew they were sending classified information in emails, current and former officials said.Read more: Washington Post",0
14376,WHAT DONALD TRUMP LEARNED From His German Grandpa Friedrich Drumpf,"Much has been made of the name change of the Trump family long ago. It s what many immigrant families did when they arrived in America. What we didn t know is the very interesting story of Donald Trump s grandfather. This is a German article that has a liberal slant regarding  immigrants  but it s worth the read. Gwenda Blair has written three books on the Trump family and fills us in on Donald Trump s immigrant grandfather. This is a great look at what was the beginning of a successful dynasty. Like it or not, Donald Trump is an American success story.DW: Why do you think that Donald Trump s German roots are essential to understanding the person who is currently leading the Republican presidential field?Gwenda Blair: His grandfather Friedrich Drumpf came to the United States in 1885 which was the height of German immigration to the United States when he was 16. His family was from Kallstadt, winegrowers. The first step to the Donald Trump we know today is that his grandfather did not want to be a vintner, nor did he want to be a barber which is what he was trained to do when he first said he did not want to be involved in growing grapes. He came to New York and, after he learnt English, he went to the West Coast, ran restaurants, amassed a nest egg, then went back to Kallstadt, married the girl next door and brought her to New York. But she was extremely homesick, so they went back to Kallstadt and he tried to repatriate because he had become an American citizen. But whether on purpose or not, he had managed to miss military service   when he left he was too young and after he came back he was just a couple of months too old, which he said was absolutely coincidental. German authorities however thought this was not coincidental at all and refused to let him repatriate. They said he was a draft-dodger, expelled and deported him to the place he came from   the United States   which is how the Trumps ended up as Americans after all instead of simply being a family in Germany that had a grandfather who had spent some years in the United States. What traits of his grandfather and father do you think are also reflected in Donald Trump and the way he conducts his business and political career? They are really an impressive through line of people who would do anything to get ahead and win. They are all enormously tenacious, never give up and are willing to push the envelope to bend the rules and find the loopholes. Grandpa Trump built his restaurants on land that he did not own. In that time of the Gold Rush in the Klondike, it was the Wild West period. It was wide open, very raw, lots of single men desperately trying to find gold   and prostitutes. And Grandpa Trump s restaurants had liquor, food and access to women. His restaurants had little cubicles off to the sides with heavy curtains   so called private rooms for ladies   which was absolutely understood to mean prostitutes. His establishment was not the exception there, but he certainly did well by that. And after that he went back to Germany and claimed that he was quiet man who avoided bars in his petition to repatriate. His son Fred, who made his money in real estate in the outer boroughs of New York City, was very good at finding loopholes. When he was building state-financed housing he set up shell equipment companies and then rented bulldozers and trucks from himself at very high and inflated prices. It was not illegal, but he was pushing the edge and bending the rules. He was very good at that. Donald in turn has been very good at finding loopholes and bending rules when he built Trump Towers for example. He hired  workers to do the demolition of the building that had been there before, paid them very low wages and had them sleep on the building site, because they were on such a rushed schedule. Later on he said he had not noticed that they were undocumented which he could not have missed. With his own family s immigration experience how do you explain Trump s anti-immigrant stance and his vitriolic rhetoric against immigrants? He has been very good a figuring out who his audience is. I am not sure we can call that a German trait, but it is certainly part of his family culture of looking to who the audience is. His grandfather looked to who the audience was when he had those restaurants in the Klondike. His father looked to who the audience was when he built his housing in the outer boroughs of New York which was nothing like what we associate with Donald Trump today. It was middle income housing, but he added a little extra touch that his would-be customers appreciated like an extra closet. He was very good at marketing. And Donald in turn has been very good at marketing to what he decided is his audience. In this case, the upcoming election, that is the big mass of alienated, unhappy and angry Americans who feel  our country used to be great and it s not anymore and it s somebody else s fault.  They want somebody to make it right and get them the respect and the prosperity they think they deserve. And Trump has been very skillful at seeing this mass of angry people and positioning himself as their champion and making it clear to them that he is going to go against anything that is in their way   no matter whether it is immigrants, a famous Republican war hero like John McCain, a woman like Fox host Megan Kelly or a hedge fund manager. So going after immigrants is an easy target to pick off when he is trying to appeal to this mass of mostly white voters in the United States who feel like they have been left behind. So it does not bother him that he is in a way betraying his own family history with his stance on immigration? I don t think contradictions have ever bothered him, which has been confounding obviously to people observing the primary race.VIA: DW",0
14377,BREAKING: WHY DR BEN CARSON Will Exit Presidential Race,"Dr. Ben Carson is brilliant, good-hearted, a true American patriot, and one of the most honest candidates to ever run for President. He stayed above the fray, yet still managed to hit back hard when it came to the leftist media. He made a positive contribution to the field of GOP candidates and made some very good observations about what needs to be done to heal a broken Republican party. Although he is soft-spoken, he didn t mince words or concern himself with political correctness. He is a true champion of the unborn and does more on his own to help students in poor communities than every Democrat politician combined. He challenged the media and the elitists in his own party. His wisdom and courage will be missed by many. Thank you Ben Carson for bringing class and courage to the Republican party WATCH the brilliant DR. BEN CARSON fearlessly explain the TRUTH behind Planned Parenthood here:Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson announced Wednesday that he sees no  political path forward  after his Super Tuesday losses   and will not attend the upcoming Fox News debate. I have decided not to attend the Fox News GOP Presidential Debate tomorrow night in Detroit,  he said in a statement Thursday.  Even though I will not be in my hometown of Detroit on Thursday, I remain deeply committed to my home nation, America. I do not see a political path forward in light of last evening s Super Tuesday primary results. However, this grassroots movement on behalf of  We the People  will continue. Along with millions of patriots who have supported my campaign for President, I remain committed to Saving America for Future Generations.  Via: FOX News ",0
14378,DEAR RNC: An Everyday American Writes A Letter To Explain The Trump Phenomenon,"This letter was sent to 100% FED Up! by an anonymous author:It doesn t matter who you support for President in 2016. This letter will make you want to stand up and cheer for the 80 year old American who expresses what most of us are feeling right now. Enjoy RNC P.O. Box 96994 Washington DC 20090-6994Dear Representative,From the time I was able to vote I voted Republican. I am 80 years old, and have a great deal of respect and influence with hundreds of senior ball players who also network with thousands of others around the country.I received your questionnaire and request for money and strongly agree with every question, as I have since Obama was elected. Unfortunately the one question that was missing is  What have the Republicans done for the American people?  We gave you a majority in the House and Senate, yet you never listened to us. Now you want our money.You should be more concerned about our votes, not our money. You are the establishment, which means all you want is to save your jobs and line your pockets  Well guess what?  It s not going to happen  You shake in your boots when I tell you we re giving our support to TRUMP and he hasn t asked for a dime.You might think we are fools because you feel Trump is on a self destruction course, but you need to look beyond Washington and listen to the masses. Nobody has achieved what he has, especially in the liberal state of New York.You clearly don t understand why the Trump movement is so strong, so I d like to share with you an analogy to help explain the Trump phenomenon. By the way, it s not just the Republicans who feel ignored and disrespected, there are plenty of Democrats and Independents who also feel let down by the Washington elite. You seem to have  forgotten about  We The People  and who hired you to represent us.So here it is, the best analogy I could come up with. Here is the reason so many Americans have boarded the Trump Train, and why you re pleas to come back to the party who deserted us, is falling on deaf ears:You ve been on vacation for two weeks, you come home, and your basement is infested with raccoons. Hundreds of rabid, messy, mean raccoons have overtaken your basement. You want them gone immediately You call the city and four different exterminators, but nobody could handle the job. There is this one guy however, who guarantees you he will get rid of them, so you hire him. You don t care if the guy smells, you don t care if the guy swears, you don t care how many times he s been married, you don t care if he was friends with liberals, you don t care if he has plumber s crack you simply want those raccoons gone! You want your problem fixed! He s the guy. He s the best. Period. Here s why we want Trump: Yes he s a bit of an ass, yes he s an egomaniac, but we don t care. The country is a mess because politicians have become too self-serving. The Republican Party is two-faced & gutless. Illegal aliens have been allowed to invade our nation. We want it all fixed! We don t care that Trump is crude, we don t care that he insults people, we don t care that he had been friendly with Hillary, we don t care that he has changed positions, we don t care that he s been married three times, we don t care that he fights with Megan Kelly and Rosie O Donnell, we don t care that he doesn t know the name of some Muslim terrorist. This country is weak, bankrupt, our enemies are making fun of us, we are being invaded by illegal aliens and bringing tens of thousands of Muslim refugees to America, while leaving Christians behind to be persecuted. We are becoming a nation of victims where every Tom, Ricardo and Hasid is part of a special group with special rights, to the point where we don t even recognize the country we were born and raised in;  AND WE JUST WANT IT FIXED  and Trump is the only guy who seems to understand what the people want. We re sick of politicians. We re sick of the Democratic Party and the Republican Party. We just want this thing fixed. Trump may not be a saint, but he isn t beholden to lobbyist money and he doesn t have political correctness restraining him. All we know is that he has been very successful, he s an excellent negotiator, he has built a lot of things, and he s also not a politician. He s definitely not a cowardly politician. When he says he ll fix it, we believe him because he is too much of an egotist to be proven wrong or looked at and called a liar.Oh yeah I forgot we don t care if the guy has bad hair either.  We just want those raccoons gone. Out of your house. NOW!",0
14379,WAKE UP AMERICA! SOMALI CANDIDATES IN MINNESOTA Only Speak In Somali At Caucus…Guess Who They’re Voting For [Video],"While our eyes are on the invasion of Europe, we re being quietly invaded by Muslim  refugees  who re really not refugees at all. We need to put an end to the refugee resettlement program NOW! The State Department has admitted over 10,000 Somalis in  10 years! Minneapolis has been hit hardest with a crazy number of 4,868! If you think these people aren t coming here for the  goodies  like welfare then you need to read this:Feds  relocation of Somali refugees stresses Minn. welfare, raises terror fearsThese people do not assimilate and are here as moochers. Economic migrants are NOT refugees! Below is just a snapshot of what happened at the caucus but please go to Eric Roper s Twitter account and I know you ll be shocked: Eric Roper Twitter Two candidates from the Democratic Farmer Labor Party in Minnesota held a caucus where reporters couldn t even report on the event because the attendees and candidates only spoke in Somali! Eric Roper of the Star Tribune was trying to report and here s what he heard   NO ENGLISH!Ilhan Omar now addressing the room. No English so far in candidate speeches, so I can t relay what has been said pic.twitter.com/OH3jTpH91I  Eric Roper (@StribRoper) March 2, 2016Quite a scene here as Omar (left) and Noor (right) supporters break off pic.twitter.com/O2aRZ18HKC  Eric Roper (@StribRoper) March 2, 2016 ",0
14380,DELEGATES FOR DUMMIES: How They’re Awarded…And How Many Your Candidate Needs To Win [VIDEO],"Stop counting the votes! Your candidates nomination based strictly on the number of delegates they are able to obtain from each state following their elections.WATCH this great video explaining how Hillary can receive less votes, but still win with super delegates:The nominating contests that will determine the Democratic and Republican nominees for the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election are about to enter a critical phase. On March 1, known as Super Tuesday, primaries or caucuses are being held in about a dozen states, and they could be turning points in both parties.But the key to winning the nomination for each party is ultimately not about the popular vote. It is about securing the number of delegates needed to win the nomination at each party s convention   July 18-21 in Cleveland for the Republicans and July 25-28 in Philadelphia for the Democrats.Like so many things in politics, there are twists and turns in how the popular vote is used to select each party s candidate.The following is a guide to the nominating process:Q: Is the delegate selection process the same for the Republican and Democratic parties?A: No. The parties set their own rules. One thing that is the same is that at each party convention, a candidate needs to reach only a simple majority of the delegate votes to win the nomination.Q: How many delegates are there?A: The Democratic convention will be attended by about 4,763 delegates, with 2,382 delegates needed to win the nomination. The Republican convention will be attended by 2,472 delegates, with 1,237 delegates needed to win.Q: I keep hearing about  superdelegates.  Are they different from other delegates? Do both the Republicans and Democrats have superdelegates?A: Superdelegates, officially known as unpledged delegates, are a sort of wild card in the nominating process, but only the Democrats have them.The category was created for the 1984 Democratic convention, and according to political scientists, they are a legacy of the 1980 convention when there was a fight for the nomination between President Jimmy Carter, who was seeking a second term in the White House, and Senator Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts. Members of Congress were frustrated by their lack of influence, because delegates elected to support one candidate could not switch to support another. So Democratic members of the House of Representatives led an effort to win a role for themselves. That resulted in the creation of superdelegates. Unlike other delegates, superdelegates may change what candidate they are supporting right up to the convention.There is no fixed number of superdelegates because the group is defined by various categories whose members change from one election cycle to another. Here is who gets to be a superdelegate:All Democratic members of the House of Representatives and the Senate; the Democratic governors; the Democratic president and vice president of the United States; former Democratic presidents and vice presidents; former Democratic leaders of the U.S. Senate; former Democratic speakers of the House and former Democratic minority leaders. Throw in the members of the Democratic National Committee and the former chairs of the DNC and you finally have the whole pool of superdelegates.Q: What about the other delegates? Do they get to choose which candidate to support?A: Both the Democratic and Republican parties send delegates to their conventions based on the popular vote in the primary elections and caucuses held in each of the 50 states. But the parties have different rules on how delegates are allotted to a candidate.The Democratic Party applies uniform rules to all states. In each state, delegates are allocated in proportion to the percentage of the primary or caucus vote in each district. But a candidate must win at least 15 percent of the vote to be allocated any delegates.The Republican Party lets states determine their own rules, although it does dictate some things. Some states award delegates proportionate to the popular vote, although most such states have a minimum percentage that a candidate must reach to win any delegates. Some other states use the winner-take-all method, in which the candidate with the highest percentage of the popular vote is awarded all the delegates. Other states use a combination of the two methods.States that use the proportionate method may instead use the winner-take-all method if one candidate wins more than 50 percent of the popular vote.In addition, the Republican Party requires that all states with nominating contests held between March 1 and March 14 use the proportional method, meaning that all the states holding votes on Super Tuesday will have to award delegates proportionally.Q: What happens to delegates if a candidate drops out of the race?A: Another good question, because we have certainly seen that happen this year.For the Democratic Party, in every state, delegates are reallocated to the remaining candidates.Nomination About Delegates, Not VotesThe power brokers of the Democrat party are not about to let crazy uncle Bernie represent them in the presidential election this year. He is anxious to flatten the economic map in the nation and go much further than Obama has in stealing from the rich and destroying the wealth generating engine of the country. Perhaps the elite wish things to do down a bit differently than what Sanders has in mind.It turns out that the New Hampshire primary, which Bernie won in a landslide, will probably award him fewer delegates than Hillary receives.Sanders won 60 percent of the vote, but thanks to the Democratic Party s nominating system, he leaves the Granite State with at least 13 delegates while she leaves with at least 15 delegates.New Hampshire has 24  pledged  delegates, which are allotted based on the popular vote. Sanders has 13, and Clinton has 9, with 2 currently allotted to neither.Under Democratic National Committee rules, New Hampshire also has 8  superdelegates,  party officials who are free to commit to whomever they like, regardless of how their state votes. Their votes count the same as delegates won through the primary.New Hampshire has 8 superdelegates, 6 of which are committed to Hillary Clinton, giving her a total of 15 delegates from New Hampshire as of Wednesday at 9 a.m.The two remaining superdelegates remain uncommitted, so Hillary actually comes out ahead in overall delegate count. Clinton has 394 delegates that includes both super delegates and ones that are picked up in primary elections, while Bernie now has only 42. In other words the fix is in, and Clinton will absolutely be the Democrat nominee for president unless she is indicted for her illegal acts dealing with top secret government documents.But as with the assigning of delegates, it seems that the will of the people, along with their clearly declared votes, will be ignored and the coronation will still take place. As some of my friends like to say,  Hillary for Prison, 2016!  May it be so.For the Republican Party, it varies by state. In some states, delegates are required to stick with their original candidate at least through the first ballot at the Republican National Convention. In some other states, if a candidate drops out, his or her delegates may immediately pledge to another candidate. There is also a middle ground in which those delegates are reallocated to the remaining candidates. Via: NYPost",0
14381,"SUPER TUESDAY RESULTS: Trump Takes 6 States, Cruz Takes 2…Cranky Bernie Takes VT, Benghazi Hil Wins Big","HAPPY SUPER TUESDAY! Here are the results so far, courtesy of Weasel Zippers. The win for Donald Trump may not be as YUGE as he had hoped, but he and Hillary come out of Super Tuesday as the clear winners of the Super Tuesday states.Here s a link to the results. In some of the states you have to get at least 20% to get any delegates at all.10:49 Here s the estimated delegate count at this point by the NY Times:10:26 Rubio may end up winning Minnesota, he s ahead by 10 points at this point.10:15 Ted Cruz: January 20, 2017 will be Barack Obama s final day in office. Our campaign is the only one that can beat, has beaten and will beat Donald Trump. I congratulate Donald Trump on his victories tonight. 15 states have voted and every one has been won by me or Donald Trump. For the candidates who have not won, I ask for you to come together and uniting. Head to head we beat Donald, so we must come together.10:12 Ben Carson not dropping out. Fox still talking about maybe, maybe Rubio can get some delegates.10:05 Trump: I don t know if Hillary is going to be allowed to run, what she did was a criminal act. I am a unifier, when we unify there is no one who is going to beat us.Trump seems to be taking a conciliatory attitude toward Ted Cruz, not so Rubio.9:49 Trump sounding presidential, saying will win in November, that many polls say he would win. However, most polls actually show he would lose to Hillary, except for one poll, the USA Today poll.Trump congratulates Cruz on winning Texas, and says Rubio did badly.9:37 Trump press conference about to start. Word is it s endorsement of Gov. Rick Scott of Florida. That might have some effect in the race there on the 15th. Guess not:",0
14382,"FOX NEWS FREEFALL? BILL O’REILLY Loses Kids For Allegedly Choking Wife…Trump Hater, Megyn Kelly Swims In Hollywood Cesspool","FOX News has seen their ratings take a nose-dive, after Megyn Kelly s not so thinly veiled attempt at taking down Donald Trump, while she, and the network push for establishment candidates like Marco Rubio.  Will FOX News survive if their one-time loyal viewers turn their backs on their two biggest prime-time personalities? Fox News host Bill O Reilly has lost custody of his two teenage children after they reportedly said they would prefer to live with their mother following an alleged domestic violence incident, according to court documents.As reported by Gawker, Mr O Reilly s two children, 13 and 17, will live full time with his ex-wife Maureen McPhilmy.The decision taken by a Nassau County Supreme Court justice last year that the children should live with their mother was appealed by the news host to delay its enforcement.According to the 1,400 word opinion issued on 24 February, the court s four justices unanimously ruled in his ex-wife s favour based upon  the clearly stated preferences of the children  and the  quality of the home environment provided by the mother .Mr O Reilly s 17-year-old daughter told a court-appointed forensic examiner last year that she saw her father dragging her mother down a staircase by the neck.He responded to Politico in May last year:  All allegations against me in these circumstances are 100% false. I am going to respect the court-mandated confidentiality put in place to protect my children and will not comment any further.  Via: IndependentTRUMP HATER, Megyn Kelly who has fallen out of favor with many conservatives after exposing her strong dislike for GOP Presidential front-runner Donald Trump, apparenty spent the evening hanging with some of the most vile liberals in Hollywood at a pre-Oscar party. Birds of a feather?Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly appeared at Vanity Fair s pre-Oscar dinner party Sunday evening, where she dined with some of the celebrities who later headed to the Dolby Theater for the main event.According to the New York Post, Kelly   Vanity Fair s February cover model   and her husband Douglas Brunt dined alongside Judd Apatow, Larry David, Martin Short, designer-director Tom Ford, and Don Rickles at the star-studded bash.Other stars at the pre-Oscar dinner included James Corden, Anjelica Huston, Tory Burch, Joan Collins, Patricia Clarkson, CBS head Les Moonves, Julie Chen, Monica Lewinsky, Salman Rushdie and CAA super-agent Bryan Lourd.Kelly also appeared at Vanity Fair s post-show party, where she mingled with superstars including The Revenant Oscar-winner Leonardo DiCaprio, show host Chris Rock, Jessica Alba, Amy Adams, and Jennifer Garner, according to the Daily Mail.Other stars at the glitzy post-Oscar bash included Louis C.K., Sarah Silverman, Jeremy Renner, Vince Vaughn, and The Revenant director Alejandro G. Inarritu. ",0
14383,HILLARY CLINTON’S BATTLE PLAN: Use Her Sex Offender Husband And Slimy Racist Barack Obama As Her Attack Dogs,"Do you think it s a good idea for Hillary to bring in Bill and Barack to help with the campaign? This could backfire on her. You ve got Bill who s a serial sex offender and Barack who s the world president in American history. I just have a feeling the American people are 100% FED Up! with these politicians. Hillary Clinton has begun drawing up a battle plan for how to defeat Donald Trump in a general election, which will include unleashing her husband and President Barack Obama as attack dogs. As she seeks to become the first female US president Mrs Clinton will portray Mr Trump as a misogynist with a temper who ruthlessly preyed on the working class to make his billions.Mr Obama has made clear he is eager to attack Mr Trump as not up to the job of president. Mrs Clinton herself has already started using a rallying call to contrast with Mr Trump s slogan  Make America Great Again . She has started telling audiences:  Make America Whole Again.  Television advertisements are planned showing Mr Trump exploiting employees, making derogatory statements about women, and having tantrums that would make voters question his suitability for possessing the nuclear codes. Investigators have been assigned to look through decades of Mr Trump s financial filings with the securities and exchange commission. Mr Trump has also started turning his fire on Mrs Clinton, calling for her to be criminally prosecuted over her use of a private email server when she was US secretary of state. In a general election he will remorselessly bring up her husband s sex scandal from the 1990s.Read more: Telegraph",0
14384,MASS EXODUS FROM DEMOCRAT Party In Liberal Massachusetts…TRUMP Effect?,"Yeah about that whole Trump not matching up to Hillary in the general election thing  If there is a mass exodus from the Democrat party, who will be left to vote for the Benghazi liar? Thousands of Massachusetts Democrats have denounced their party affiliations since January 1 to jump across the aisle and join the ranks of Independent or Republicans.Nearly 20,000 Bay State Democrats, or 1.3 percent of the party s Massachusetts population, left to vote in the Republican primary Tuesday. More than 16,300 of that group have  unenrolled  or become Independent voters, while 3,500 have joined the GOP.Mass. Secretary of State William Glavin attributed the switches to the  Trump phenomenon.  The billionaire candidate has a significant lead over fellow top contenders Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz in recent state polls. The tenor of the Republican campaign has been completely different from what we ve seen in prior Republican presidential campaigns,  Galvin said.  You have to look no farther than the viewership for some of the televised debates. Via:Washington Examiner",0
14385,HERE’S WHY HILLARY CLINTON FORBIDS PRESS From Taking Photos Of Private Jet Travel THAT COSTS MILLIONS,"Eureka! We figured out why Hillary won t let the press see her off: The campaign of Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton has poured more than $2 million into the use of private jets this election cycle, according to a review of its expenditures.Federal Election Commission documents reviewed by the Washington Free Beacon found that Hillary for America made a total of 48 payments from June 1, 2015, to Jan. 29, 2016, to Executive Fliteways, a New York-based private jet company, running up a tab of $2,128,293 for the campaign.Executive Fliteways is considered  one of the largest independently owned and operated charter companies in the country  and boasts a fleet of private planes ranging from  mid-size,  which can seat seven or eight passengers, to  heavy,  which can carry 12 to 16 people.While it is not clear which jet Clinton prefers on the campaign trail, or if they routinely switch between the jets they use, Clinton has been pinned on Executive Fliteways  Falcon 900B  heavy jet  in the past, according to a media reports. Hillary boarded the plane, which burns 347 gallons of fuel per hour, shortly after laying out her campaign s plan to combat global warming.ABC REPORTER Liz Kreutz TWEETED OUT THIS MESSAGE WITH A PHOTO:     Clinton staff won t allow press to film HRC boarding her charter. We must get on our plane before she gets out of car The Falcon 900B heavy jet carries a price tag of $5,850 per hour and comfortably seats 12 passengers. The luxury accommodations includes a full service galley, executive workstation, onboard WiFi, a full-size private lavatory, and a flight attendant for the  ultimate inflight experience,  according to the company s website.Via: WFB",0
14386,HOLY CASH COW! Check Out How Much Wall Street Funneled Into HILLARY’s Foundation/Slush Fund,"Thank God she has a vagina, otherwise her blatant hypocrisy might be an issue with voters Hillary Clinton is facing more questions about her close ties to Wall Street financial institutions. Last week, the New York Times urged Clinton to release transcripts of her highly-compensated speeches to Wall Street firm Goldman Sachs.The paid speeches are just a slim chapter of her relationship with financial titans. According to Clinton Foundation records, Wall Street financial institutions have donated around $40 million to the eponymous family foundation.As a non-profit, the Clinton Foundation isn t legally required to disclose its donors or contributions. The Foundation has publicly disclosed some contributions on its website. It only provides ranges for contributions, e.g. $1-5 million, and doesn t detail when the contribution was made or for what purpose, if any.Here s the chart of contributions from Wall Street to the Clinton Foundation.All together, contributions from readily identifiable Wall Street institutions to the Foundation total somewhere between $11 million and $41 million in contributions. If we assume the donations fall in the middle of the ranges disclosed by the Clinton Foundation, the contributions would total just under $30 million.As with most things involving the Clintons, the devil is in the details. This total of contributions does not include those made by individuals with strong Wall Street ties. It also does not necessarily represent the total amounts contributed to the Foundation from those donors listed. It only accounts for the donations which the Foundation has chosen to disclose.The failure of the Foundation to include any information on the timing of the donations is especially worrisome. In terms of donor relationships, there is a real difference between a one-time gift of $1 million and an ongoing gift of $200,000 for 5 straight years. The total dollar amount may be the same, but an ongoing gift usually requires a more substantive relationship between the Foundation and the donor.There is, of course, an added dimension to the timing issue with the Clintons. During the life of the Foundation, Hillary Clinton has been a US Senator, Secretary of State and two-time candidate for President.When the Clinton Foundation discloses that the  Friends of Saudi Arabia  contributed $1-5 million, it begs the obvious question of when that donation was made. The specific date of that donation is particularly important, given Clinton s considerable focus on the Middle East while she was Secretary of State.It is also important to note that these contributions are completely seperate from the paid speeches made by Bill and Hillary Clinton. In 2013 alone, Hillary earned just over $3 million in paid speeches to financial firms and institutions.These contributions, obviously, also don t include direct contributions made by Wall Street institutions and individuals to either of Clinton s Presidential campaigns.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
14387,"Obama LIES To French Reporter, America “One Of Largest Muslim Countries In The World” [VIDEO]","Barack Hussein Obama has been laser focused on making the promotion of Islam in America a priority since his first day in office. He s also made a point of discrediting Christians in America. Is it any wonder he s ignored the slaughter of Christians in the Middle East? Does anyone care he s sending Christian refugees back to extremist Muslim nations from the US, while bringing in hundreds of thousands of Muslim refugees? Here is a perfect example of the master Muslim propagandist:OBAMA TO FRENCH REPORTER:  We have to educate ourselves more effectively on Islam. If you actually took the number of Muslims Americans ah, we d be one of the largest countries in the world. REALLY? Is #38  one of the largest Muslim countries in the world  Barry?HERE are the FACTS:Eighty-three percent of Americans identify themselves as Christians. Most of the rest, 13 percent, have no religion. That leaves just 4 percent as adherents of all non-Christian religions combined   Jews, Muslims, Buddhists and a smattering of individual mentions.",0
14388,DAVID DUKE NEVER ENDORSED TRUMP: “The media in this country is absolutely disgusting”, I m David Duke and this is a quick unscripted response to the CNN interview today with Donald Trump. The inaccurate reporting by the media that I had endorsed Donald Trump  I am not endorsing Donald Trump. ,0
14389,THE “OBAMA PROJECT”…Does Barack Have Secret Plans To Punish White America After He Leaves Office?,"Is Barack Obama planning to use taxpayer money to travel around the world campaigning for UN Secretary General?The Jerusalem Post reported that Barack Obama has privately campaigned to succeed Ban Ki-moon as United Nations Secretary General at the end of 2016.Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is also reportedly working with moderate Arab States to prevent this transition.Netanyahu remembers well just how US President Barack Obama brushed aside Israeli objections and went ahead with the P5+1 nuclear agreement with Iran.Now, Netanyahu is reportedly planning some personal payback.The sources said that once Netanyahu got wind of Obama s plans, the prime minister began to make efforts to submarine what he has referred to as  the Obama project.  Via: Gateway PunditThis shocking report outlines how the United Nations believes Americans should be paying reparations to African American descendants of slavery. You don t need much of an imagination to picture Barack Obama moving seamlessly into the role Secretary General of this global sham of an organization. Is the UN simply laying the groundwork for a future Secretary General Barack Hussein Obama? The United States should consider reparations to African-American descendants of slavery, establish a national human rights commission and publicly acknowledge that the trans-Atlantic slave trade was a crime against humanity, a United Nations working group said Friday.The U.N. Working Group of Experts on People of African Descent released its preliminary recommendations after more than a week of meetings with black Americans and others from around the country, including Baltimore, Chicago, New York City, the District of Columbia and Jackson, Mississippi.After finishing their fact-finding mission, the working group was  extremely concerned about the human rights situation of African-Americans,  chair Mireille Fanon Mendes-France of France said in the report.  The colonial history, the legacy of enslavement, racial subordination and segregation, racial terrorism and racial inequality in the U.S. remains a serious challenge as there has been no real commitment to reparations and to truth and reconciliation for people of African descent. For example, Mendes-France compared the recent deaths of unarmed black men like Michael Brown and Eric Garner at the hands of police to the lynchings of black men in the South from the post-Civil War days through the Civil Rights era. Those deaths, and others, have inspired protests around the country under the Black Lives Matter moniker. Contemporary police killings and the trauma it creates are reminiscent of the racial terror lynchings in the past,  she told reporters.  Impunity for state violence has resulted in the current human rights crisis and must be addressed as a matter of urgency. Some of the working group s members, none of whom are from the United States, said they were shocked by some of the things they found and were told.For example,  it s very easy in the United States for African-Americans to be imprisoned, and that was very concerning,  said Sabelo Gumedze of South Africa.Federal officials say 37 percent of the state and federal prison populations were black males in 2014. The working group suggests the U.S. implement several reforms, including reducing the use of mandatory minimum laws, ending racial profiling, ending excessive bail and banning solitary confinement. Via: Epoch Times",0
14390,OOPS! Did The Media Think Voters Would Forget About HILLARY’S “FRIEND and MENTOR” Late KKK Leader Robert Byrd? [VIDEO],"The astounding hypocrisy of the leftist media has been left unchecked for decades. All of that is about to change. And no matter what side of the aisle you find yourself on, forcing the media to do their jobs and report the news is a benefit to every single American. It s not their job to be popular amongst their peers or to have opinions their readers agree with. Their job is to report the news. Perhaps this little video or  nugget of truth  slipped their minds?Despite mounting criticism for Donald Trump s failure to disavow former Ku Klux Klan grand wizard David Duke s support, Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton once heaped praise for late Klan leader Sen. Robert Byrd.In a video uploaded to the State Department s official YouTube page on June 28, 2010, Clinton commemorated late Sen. Byrd by saying,  Today our country has lost a true American original, my friend and mentor Robert C. Byrd. Via: Daily CallerAnd when the former KKK member, Senator Robert Byrd died, Barack Obama gave the eulogy:President Obama lauded the late Sen. Robert C. Byrd today for keeping faith with his family, his state of West Virginia and his beloved U.S. Constitution. He was a Senate icon, he was a party leader, he was an elder statesman, and he was my friend,  Obama told thousands who gathered for Byrd s funeral on the steps of the golden-domed West Virginia statehouse.  That s how I ll remember him. ",0
14391,SUPER TUESDAY PROJECTION MAP FROM REAL CLEAR POLITICS,Here s the projection from Real Clear Politics for tomorrow s Super Tuesday: ,0
14392,WATCH: REPORTER GRABS THROAT Of Secret Service Agent At TRUMP Rally…Gets Smacked Down,"If we didn t know better, we d think the liberal press was actually stirring things up to make news at Trump rallies, since no one gives a damn what they have to say since Trump has made them irrelevant According to The Independent Journal s congressional reporter Joe Perticone, the man holding the camera in the video below is a journalist. Perticone writes,  Secret Service agent choke slams reporter.   Videos added below appear to show the reporter intentionally bumping up against the agent and saying  f*ck you  before the agent throws him to the ground. From the ground, you can see the reporter kicking the agent from an apparent defensive position.Secret Service agent choke slams reporter pic.twitter.com/jdsHOlylSB  Joe Perticone (@JoePerticone) February 29, 2016Nevertheless, once whatever happened between the two men is over, and both are standing, watch the reporter suddenly reach out and grab the Secret Service agent s throat.Reporter at Trump Rally accuses SS agent of choking him. pic.twitter.com/Q4oigVt3qf  Jackie Alemany (@JaxAlemany) February 29, 2016ADDED: Additionally, the video below shows a chest bump between the agent and the Time reporter. Perticone reports that things got physical after the Time reporter said  fuck you  to the Secret Service agent.Here's moments prior. The reporter says ""f*ck you""   that's when it got physical pic.twitter.com/h9K2wIbEWQ  Joe Perticone (@JoePerticone) February 29, 2016ADDED: The Secret Service has released a statement:Via: Breitbart News",0
14393,IT’S COME TO THIS: Leftist Media and Protesters Go For The Jugular In All Out Freak Out Over Possible Trump Win On Super Tuesday [Video],"Wake me when it s over! What the heck people! We have all out brawls at political rallies for Donald Trump where the leftists are trying their best to stop free speech and freedom to gather and support their candidate for president.A rally in Virginia today got overheated when a Time magazine photographer grabbed a Secret Service agent by the throat. Can you believe this? THE REPORTER SAYS,  F*CK YOU , TO THE SECRET SERVICE AGENT AND THAT S WHERE IT STARTED:Here s moments prior. The reporter says  f*ck you    that s when it got physical pic.twitter.com/h9K2wIbEWQ  Joe Perticone (@JoePerticone) February 29, 2016 This is how reporters are treated at Trump rallies pic.twitter.com/hMxuEoKVeG  Gabby Morrongiello (@gabriellahope_) February 29, 2016  Of course, that made the appearance by Black Lives Matter idiots just a faded memory.The irony is that BLM protesters were chanting  Stop the hate Ummm, I think the left needs to look in the mirror and thing again about who s being hateful.I ve been watching and listening to all of the news channels and to the people on social media. Folks, it s gotten really ugly out there. We even have the candidates talking about the size of one candidate s penis. Really? How low can you go?I am really looking forward to when we finally have a Republican nominee so all of this can stop. Please!",0
14394,WOMAN ARRESTED For Wearing T-Shirt Naming Muslim Extremist Who Fled Country After Failed Jihad Attempt [VIDEO],This is a SHOCKING example of a government putting the rights of violent extreme Muslims before their own citizens: ,0
14395,EPIC FAIL! HILLARY CLINTON Takes A Swipe At Republican Frontrunner And Misses The Mark [Video],"In her victory speech in South Carolina, Hillary decides to take a swipe at Donald Trump but misses the mark! ",0
14396,LISTEN TO HILLARY LAUGH…As She Recalls Helping Suspected Child Rapist Walk Free [VIDEO],"How very  Presidential She s cold calculating..deceitful but she has a vagina, so that s a good enough reason for women to vote for her. After all..it s Hillary s turn! So vote for the wife of a rapist, who laughs about getting child rapists off with plea bargains. It s been 16 long years without a Clinton in the White House  let s make America Sleazy again!It s time to make history with the first female President because our first  Historic black President  worked out so well In a newly unearthed audio interview Hillary Clinton reveals how she managed to get a plea bargain for a man accused of raping a 12-year-old girl   and shockingly laughs as she indicated she knew he may have been guilty.During the course of the conversation which dates from the early 1980s, Clinton, then 27, outlines how she used a mistake by the prosecution to get 41-year-old Thomas Alfred Taylor to walk free.Indeed, so cavalier is her attitude to securing the freedom of a man suspected of raping a child that the shocking and candid interview may tarnish her role as an advocate for women and children in the United States.The recordings which date from 1983-1987 were discovered by the Washington Free Beacon and are of Clinton recalling her role in the most important criminal case of her career.Who knew Killary had such a strong southern accent?This is not the first time that the trial has been written about.In 2008 at the height of her primary battle with Barack Obama, a Newsday story focused on Clinton s deeply controversial strategy of attacking the credibility of the girl. Rodham, records show, questioned the sixth grader s honesty and claimed she had made false accusations in the past. She implied that the girl often fantasized and sought out  older men  like Taylor, according to a July 1975 affidavit signed  Hillary D. Rodham   in compact cursive,  wrote Newsday.The girl was a family friend and Clinton has acknowledged in her past 2003 memoir, Living History, the difficulties the case provided her having just moved to Fayetteville. to run the University of Arkansas  new legal aid clinic. This guy was accused of raping a 12-year-old. Course he claimed that he didn t, and all this stuff,  says Clinton.However, what is most shocking is the breezy manner in which she discusses her clients crime and the offhand way in which she questions his innocence. I had him take a polygraph, which he passed   which forever destroyed my faith in polygraphs,  she says with a laugh.Indeed, Clinton laughs during several different parts of the interview   especially when she discusses the forensic lab destroying key evidence   which led to Taylor getting away with the crime.But, Ronald Rotunda, a professor of legal ethics at Chapman University, told the Washington Free Beacon.  We don t have to believe the client is innocent our job is to represent the client in the best way we can within the bounds of the law. However, he did raise the possibility that Clinton may have breached the attorney-client privilege by discussing the case so openly. You can t do that,  he said.  Unless the client says:  You re free to tell people that you really think I m a scumbag, and the only reason I got a lighter sentence is because you re a really clever lawyer. Read entire story at: DailyMailOnline",0
14397,HOW REPUBLICAN LEADERS Are Willing To Sacrifice White House To STOP TRUMP,"Gut-wrenching behavior from a party who hasn t been challenged for the betrayal of their party in decades. You don t even have to be a fan of Trump s to find this story disturbing on so many levels There are so many intriguing twists in this NYT story about behind-the-scenes efforts to stop Trump that you ll save time by skipping this post and reading it yourself. This is the showstopper, though:While still hopeful that Mr. Rubio might prevail, Mr. McConnell has begun preparing senators for the prospect of a Trump nomination, assuring them that, if it threatened to harm them in the general election, they could run negative ads about Mr. Trump to create space between him and Republican senators seeking re-election. Mr. McConnell has raised the possibility of treating Mr. Trump s loss as a given and describing a Republican Senate to voters as a necessary check on a President Hillary Clinton, according to senators at the lunches.He has reminded colleagues of his own 1996 re-election campaign, when he won comfortably amid President Bill Clinton s easy re-election. Of Mr. Trump, Mr. McConnell has said,  We ll drop him like a hot rock,  according to his colleagues. I don t know where to begin. For starters, the fact that McConnell thinks Trump losing to Hillary is a given explains a lot about why Republicans got caught so flat-footed by Trump in the primary. It s not a given. He may lose but he won t get blown out. If we ve learned nothing else over the eight years, we ve learned that there s no such thing as an easy race for Hillary Clinton. Trump will start the campaign as an underdog with poisonous favorables but he s superb at staying on offense, as we ve seen over the past 36 hours   and he ll have endless attacks to pursue against Hillary to fuel the offensive. His alpha-male shtick may get a long look from centrist Democrats too, especially men who are worried about having a woman commander-in-chief for whatever reason.Beyond that, let me blow your minds by gently countering some bedrock conservative conventional wisdom: The media will not cut off Trump s insta-access to their airwaves the day after he clinches the nomination in the name of helping Hillary. The idea that they will is treated as the most elementary fact among righties I know, but there s nothing the media loves more than a circus and Trump is just one big orange-y circus. Their coverage will turn more skeptical, surely, and he might not get quite the same amount of anytime-day-or-night call-in opportunities that he has now, but you re kidding yourself if you think Joe Scarborough will turn down a request from the Republican nominee to spend an hour of airtime gladhanding him. Trump is the ultimate shiny object. He delivers ratings. Hillary will need to figure out a way to counter that.So no, it s not a given that he ll lose. But even if it were, how would an incumbent GOP senator whose seat is up benefit from alienating Trump fans by running attack ads against the party s own nominee? That s insane. Via: Hot Air",0
14398,"DID BEYONCE AND JAY Z’s “Vacation” To Communist Cuba Set Stage For Obama To Pardon Fugitive, Black Panther Cop Killer?","Notorious radical Black Panther and NJ cop killer, Assata Shakur has been living under the protection of President Fidel Castro for decades. As Obama s time in office draws near (THANK GOD), the drum beat for her pardon by the Black Lives Matter terrorist organization is getting louder. Meanwhile, as Obama prepares for his controversial and puzzling trip to Communist Cuba, we can t help but wonder if Assata Shakur might have something to do with his trip. We also can t help but wonder if Beyonce and Jay Z s controversial trip to Cuba in 2013 was really about laying the groundwork for his visit.In April of 2013, Beyonce and Jay Z took a controversial  anniversary trip  to Cuba. Since it was illegal for US citizens to travel to Cuba without the proper permission, many were wondering how the celebrities with close ties to the Obama s were able to pull off such a trip. Many others were wondering about the purpose of the trip.According to Politico, the Treasury Department claimed it didn t know President Obama s pals would be among those experiencing cultural learning on this particular trip.The U.S. Treasury Department told POLITICO on Wednesday that while the department approved for the trip s organizers to travel to Cuba as part of a cultural learning experience, they were unaware that the couple would be attending, as it is department policy not to require organizers  to provide a list of travelers. There seems to be some confusion regarding how Beyonc  and Jay-Z acquired visas to travel to Cuba. Just days ago, Jay Carney evaded questions on the celebrities  trip,  RNC spokeswoman Alexandra Franceschi said in a public statement.  Any chance Jay Carney can clear up this confusion? And of course, as the story got more coverage, another story emerged from the White House:As Obama gets ready to make his controversial trip to Communist Cuba, many of us are wondering if he has any plans to  visit  a certain terrorist who is near and dear to a group of people he s been working in tandem with to stir up a race war in America. That certain  terrorist  in question is none other than cop killer, Joanne Chesimard, aka Assata Shakur.Joanne Chesimard, a left-wing militant who shot a state trooper on the New Jersey Turnpike 40 years ago today, has become the first woman on the FBI s list of Most Wanted Terrorists. Joanne Chesimard is a domestic terrorist who murdered a law enforcement officer execution-style,  said Aaron Ford, special agent in charge of the FBI s Newark Division.Chesimard, a fugitive living in Cuban under the name Assata Shakur, was a member of the Black Liberation Army in 1973 when she shot and killed Trooper Werner Foerster during a traffic stop.According to a state police account,  Foerster was severely wounded in his right arm and abdomen and then executed with his own service weapon on the roadside. Chesimard s jammed handgun was found at Foerster s side. More than a mere member of these domestic terrorists, Chesimard was described by former assistant FBI director John Miller as  the soul of the Black Liberation Army. Chesimard, now 65, was convicted in 1977. Two years later she escaped from the prison where she was serving a life sentence, spent time in a series of safe houses in New Jersey and Pennsylvania and fled in 1984 toCuba, where New Jersey State Police Col. Rick Fuentes said she  flaunts her freedom. To this day from her safe haven in Cuba Chesimard has been given a pulpit to preach and profess, stirring supporters and groups to mobilizeagainst the United States by any means necessary,  Fuentes said.The reward for her capture and safe return has been doubled to $2 million. We want her to come back here and face justice and serve out her sentence,  New Jersey Attorney General Jeffrey Chiesa said.The FBI said Chesimard represents a  supreme terror  to the United States, though she is associated with no new threat. Her supporters believe she was a target of law enforcement s campaign against the Black Panther movement in the 1960s and 1970s. I was convicted by I don t even want to call it a trial, it was  lynching, by an all-white jury,  Chesimard told BET in 2001.  I had nothing but contempt for the system of justice under which I was tried. The rapper Common told her story in  A Song for Assata,  which caused a stir after Michelle Obama invited him to a White House poetry slam two years ago. ZVia: CNNHere are some of the lyrics to  Open Letter Part II  rapper Common wrote with Jay Z:[Verse 2: Common]Common Sense My man went to Cuba  Caught in a political triangle, Bermuda  The same way they said she was the shooter  Assata Shakur, they tried to execute her  I went to Cuba to see her  We should free her, like we should Mumia Can t a nigga rap and make movies Y all see that Fox News tried to do me They say I m too black like it s lights out Might not get invited back to the White House Still with the Obamas, I ride I meet the president on the Southside March the streets, parade for peace Shorties keep shooting, they need a release Trying to eat in the belly of the beast I call her LeBron, they carrying the heat Y all gon  learn today Like you re listening to Malcolm and MLK Media saying shit that ain t there But we fall down and get back up, Kevin Ware It s so political, I don t trust figures When it comes to revolution, this is us niggaOf course, Common s rap was in reference to Jay Z and Beyonce s controversial  anniversary trip  to Cuba. Although the President and First Lady appear to have close ties with racist performers Jay Z and Beyonce, when the press pool asked former Spokesliar James Carney about the trip, he of course, claimed Obama had nothing to do with it:Meanwhile, President Obama ignored pleas that he demand Chesimard s return to face long-overdue justice before reopening diplomatic ties with Cuba.Convicted with Acoli, she escaped prison and has been on the lam since 1979, having made her way to Cuba five years later.Obama has a chance to make some amends on his Cuban tour next month by bringing Joanne Chesimard back with him   in handcuffs.But will he bring her back in handcuffs or will he bring he back to live among law-abiding citizens as a payback to Black Lives Matter organizers who hold her up as a hero in their cop hating, blame whitey movement? Call me a conspiracy theorist, but there are just too many curious occurrences that have taken place leading up to Obama s controversial trip to Cuba. Obama s decision to reopen diplomatic ties with Cuba, Beyonce s divisive Super Bowl 2016 halftime tribute to racist, cop hating Black Panther group, and Obama s meeting with race agitators and Black Lives Matter terror group organizers all leading up to his curious visit to Cuba is well, shall we say a bit suspicious?Arguably, Obama s greatest achievement in life has been to divide our nation (in order of priority) by: race, gender, religion and social class. And to date, there doesn t seem to be a law on our books that can prevent Obama from achieving his goals. So, does it really seem like a stretch that Obama would find a way to return to the U.S. with Black Lives Matter hero and one of the FBI s  Most Wanted  felons, Joanne Chesimard, aka Assata Shakur riding next to him, sharing a good laugh on Air Force One?",0
14399,RACIST DEM CONGRESSWOMAN: We need an African-American on Supreme Court…Clarence Thomas doesn’t count [Video],What a horribly racist woman! She only sees color! ,0
14400,WHOA! CONSERVATIVE MEDIA Was In Cahoots With Rubio To Push Immigration Reform,"This is a blockbuster discovery that nails conservative media for being in cahoots with Rubio and other high level politicians in their support of amnesty. The Gang of Eight Bill was the political football being tossed around by Democrats and then Rubio joined in to make it a bipartisan effort. The account of what happened between politicians and media is a perfect example of what s got Americans so ticked off at Washington and the media. It s very obvious that the media was a big reason for Obama s two-term presidency and now we have FOX News selling its soul for Rubio in the 2016 election. The article below will open your mind to the political manipulation happening all the time between media and Washington- it s a stunner:A few weeks after Senator Marco Rubio joined a bipartisan push for an immigration overhaul in 2013, he arrived alongside Senator Chuck Schumer at the executive dining room of News Corporation s Manhattan headquarters for dinner.Their mission was to persuade Rupert Murdoch, the owner of the media empire, and Roger Ailes, the chairman and chief executive of its Fox News division, to keep the network s on-air personalities from savaging the legislation and give it a fighting chance at survival.Mr. Murdoch, an advocate of immigration reform, and Mr. Ailes, his top lieutenant and the most powerful man in conservative television, agreed at the Jan. 17, 2013, meeting to give the senators some breathing room.But the media executives, highly attuned to the intensifying anger in the Republican grass roots, warned that the senators also needed to make their case to Rush Limbaugh, the king of conservative talk radio, who held enormous sway with the party s largely anti-immigrant base.The dinner at News Corporation headquarters   which has not been previously reported   and the subsequent outreach to Mr. Limbaugh illustrate the degree to which Mr. Rubio served as the chief envoy to the conservative media for the group supporting the legislation. The bill would have provided a pathway to American citizenship for 11 million illegal immigrants along with measures to secure the borders and ensure that foreigners left the United States upon the expiration of their visas.It is a history that Mr. Rubio is not eager to highlight as he takes on Donald J. Trump, his rival for the Republican presidential nomination, who has made his vow to crack down on illegal immigration a centerpiece of his campaign.Those discussions of just a few years ago now seem of a distant era, when, after the re-election of President Obama, momentum was building to overhaul the nation s immigration system.The senators embarked on a tour of editorial boards and newsrooms, and Mr. Rubio was even featured as the  Republican savior  on the cover of Time magazine for his efforts to change immigration laws. He already was being mentioned as a 2016 presidential contender.Now Mr. Trump has become the Republican leader in national polls by picking fights with Mr. Ailes and offending the Latino voters whom Mr. Rubio had hoped to bring into the Republican fold. And while Mr. Rubio ultimately abandoned the bipartisan legislation in the face of growing grass-roots backlash and the collapse of the conservative media truce, he, and to a certain degree Fox News, are still paying for that dinner. Rubio Discusses Borders & Benefits In Immigration Bill w/ Bill O Reilly The so-called Gang of Eight was four Democrats and four Republicans, including Mr. Rubio, who drafted an immigration bill in 2013. It passed the Senate but was stymied by conservative opposition in the House.Details of the dinner, and a previous one in 2011, were provided to The New York Times by an attendee of one of the meetings and two people with knowledge of what was discussed at both get-togethers.None of the attendees agreed to be identified for this article because the conversations were supposed to be confidential.But on Monday, Mr. Limbaugh shed light on his interactions with the senators when he told a caller frustrated with his criticism of Mr. Rubio that the immigration position the senator had advocated  comes right out of the Gang of Eight bill. Mr. Limbaugh added,  I ve had it explained to me by no less than Senator Schumer. Mr. Schumer declined to comment for this article. But before Mr. Obama s re-election and soon afterward, he could hardly stop talking with conservative senators and media power brokers about the chance to pass comprehensive immigration legislation.As early as March 9, 2011, Mr. Schumer joined Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina and another eventual member of the Gang of Eight, at the Palm restaurant in Manhattan, where they made their case to Mr. Murdoch, Mr. Ailes and Mr. Limbaugh in a private room. The senators argued how damaging the word  amnesty  was to their efforts, and walked Mr. Limbaugh through their vision for an immigration overhaul.",0
14401,BEST 10 SECONDS OF YOUR DAY: Watch Al Sharpton Say He’ll Leave The U.S. If Trump Is Elected,"Na, na, na, na na, na, na, na, hey, hey, hey go-o-o-d bye!On April 25, 2015, Al Sharpton said Donald Trump would be his choice for the Republican Presidential candidate.  He d be my choice for the Republicans. It would assure four more years of the Democrats. Run Donald run.Al Sharpton, February 25, 2015:  If Donald Trump is the ah nominee, I m open to support anyone while I m also reserving my ticket to get out of here if he wins. Only because he d probably have me deported anyway.Reporter: bizarre laugh erupts . To his credit now, he s always been a right-winger. I do not see any way that we could agree on things ",0
14402,MISSISSIPPI Gov Signs “Confederate Heritage Month” Bill…Will Obama Send Black Lives Matter Terrorists Down To “Correct” Their Mistake?,"How long will it take for Obama s Army to descend on Mississippi? Black Lives Matter is far from a spontaneous movement. Obama and his race hustler friends have been working towards this goal for decades. It s really quite sad to see the racial divide in America today. College kids are being indoctrinated into thinking White=bad and Black=victim. How can this possibly be a good thing for our nation? Obama has made no secret about wanting to take America down a few notches, it doesn t take a brain surgeon to see that by dividing our nation by race, ethnicity, gender and income, we will never be able to come together when faced with a crisis. Make no mistake about it, with all of the un-vetted  refugees'  we re bringing to America, all of the illegals we re allowing to flood across our borders, and all of the dangerous prisoners (including Gitmo) Obama is releasing from our prisons, we WILL be faced with a crisis before Obama leaves office. January 2017 can t come fast enough   A house divided against itself cannot stand  -Abraham LincolnUPDATE Friday: Bryant spokesman Clay Chandler tweeted an updated Proclamations page, which now includes Confederate Heritage Day, as well as Vernon Dahmer Day, Irish Heritage Month and Ronald Reagan Day but no Black History Month.Two weeks before the Mississippi Legislature allowed 19 state flag bills to die in committee, Gov. Phil Bryant took out a pen and signed an official governor s proclamation, declaring the month of April  Confederate Heritage Month,  a routine occurrence in Mississippi and several other southern states.The proclamation, which does not appear on the State of Mississippi s website with other proclamations, such as about emergency inclement weather, is posted on the website of the Sons of Confederate Veterans, which is ferociously against changing the Mississippi flag to remove the Confederate battle flag which supporters like to call the  Beauregard flag from its canton.On Bryant s gubernatorial letterhead, the proclamation starts out by explaining that April is the appropriate month to honor Confederate heritage because it  is the month in which the Confederate States began and ended a four-year struggle.  It adds that the state celebrates Confederate Memorial Day on April 25 to  recognize those who served in the Confederacy. It then explains that it is  important for all Americans to reflect upon our nation s past  and  to gain insight from our mistakes and successes,  adding that we must  earnestly strive to understand and appreciate our heritage and our opportunities which lie before us. Bryant refuses to take a position on changing the Mississippi flag, saying it should be up to the voters, who decided in 2001 to leave the old flag in place, in a vote that fell largely along racial lines.For entire story: Jackson Free Press ",0
14403,HILLARY USES Fake Accent In “Victory” Speech To ATTACK POLICE…Wants To “Build On Record And Accomplishments Of President Obama”,"Now that she s finally beaten the old cranky socialist in one state .Hillary s on fire! Hillary tells crowd,  We don t need to make America great again, it s already great.  The big question is, can Hillary do everything she promised from a jail cell?The best part of her speech is when she reminds the crowd that her campaign is being funded by the Clinton Slush Fund, Hollywood vagina voters and Wall Street grassroots donors. Hillary says,  Tomorrow this campaign goes national . Maybe I m missing something but hasn t it been national for a long time? Hasn t everyone known she s been running for president for the last 25 years? Grass roots donors are powering this campaign.  That s rich, given her big donor backing is the bulwark her campaign. She then begs for people to go to her website and donate money. This victory is for the parents and teachers in rural South Carolina , she says with affected accent.She s clearly positioning herself as the  unifier .  We re going to start by working together, with more love and kindness in our hearts and more respect for each other, even when we disagree.  And she s already telegraphing how she would attack Trump, if he were the nominee.  Despite what you hear, we don t need to make America great again, America has never stopped being great. But we do need to make America whole again. Instead of building walls, we need to be tearing down barriers. She then went on to lie about the facts in several high profile deaths of black young people.Hillary finds her manufactured southern drawl at about the 1:55 mark. https://youtu.be/W7gWvv6WfawVia: Weasel Zippers",0
14404,"Man Who Vandalized Mosque, Placed Bacon On Door Looking At Possible Life Sentence","Sounds about right. Thank goodness for the new  hate crime  rules. I wonder if the same rules apply to Christians and churches? Didn t I hear something about Obama releasing Muslim terrorists from Gitmo? Wouldn t it be great if those guys could be tried on  hate crimes? An attack on a mosque using raw bacon and a machete could potentially garner a Brevard County man up to life in prison as a result of a recently added hate crime enhancement, authorities say.Michael Wolfe, 35, was charged with armed burglary of a structure and criminal mischief of a place of worship in connection with the New Year s Eve break-in and desecration of the Islamic Society of Central Florida Masjid Al-Munin Mosque in Titusville.Police said the convicted felon acted alone, broke into the empty mosque with a machete at night, slashing at windows and other property before leaving behind a slab of raw bacon in and around the front door. A surveillance video shows Wolfe, dressed in camouflage pants and carrying a backpack as he stepped into the carport at the mosque",0
14405,POPULAR ACTOR TRAVELS TO Calais Jungle To Garner Sympathy For “Migrants”…Refugees Attack Them…Beat Them Up…Steal Their Phones,"Why would this actor go to a place where violence, crime and murders are a regular occurrence and believe they wouldn t jump at the opportunity to steal whatever he or his crew had that was of any value? Remember, these are people who are leaving their homeland because they were being persecuted, so their violent behavior should be ignored by their host country right? I mean, they ve been through so much already. Who could blame them for stealing from, and beating the a*ses of celebrities who come to help them?A security team guarding Jude Law was attacked by migrants as the Hollywood star visited the jungle camp in Calais.The 43-year-old actor was in France with a film crew and Brit-winning singer Tom Odell , 25, to witness the horrors of the squalid makeshift village, which is due to be demolished.But shortly after the cameras stopped rolling, their minders were ambushed by some of the migrants and had their phones stolen.It is  understood Jude was already on the production team s bus when the thugs struck.For entire story: Mirror UK ",0
14406,WHY AMERICANS SHOULD Care That Facebook’s CEO Is Threatening Users Against Muslim Refugee “Hate Speech”,"We are two moms who have put our lives on hold to do everything in our power to fight the progressives on the left from stealing our freedoms and the future of this great nation from our children. Over four years ago, we started the 100 Percent FED Up! Facebook page with the goal of exposing the truth that so many frustrated Americans were not finding in the mainstream media. We ve suffered several cases of censorship by Facebook along the way, but we never gave up. We may disappear after we publish this article, but we ve made a commitment to exposing the truth and we re not going to back down now.It should frighten every person who uses Facebook, that a CEO of a the largest social media platform in the world, has openly expressed the view that America should give up our national security and follow Germany s lead when it comes to open borders for [Muslim] migrants. I suppose it s easy for billionaires who are surrounded by top security firms, and live a life far removed from the every day American, to say that we should accept these rapists, violent invaders, and YES, members of terror groups disguised as  refugees  into our neighborhoods and communities. After all, they won t be living next door to Mark Zuckerberg. He will likely never have a single encounter with them in his day to day life.Mark Zuckerberg recently admonished his workers for replacing  Black  with the word  All  in Obama s race war motto:  Black Lives Matter.  For anyone who s paying attention, asking your workers to essentially accept admonishment for being white from a group of domestic terrorists, is a dangerous precedent for an owner of any company, much less the largest social media organization in the world. We need to fight back against this. We need to not be afraid of censorship or the ramifications when we voice our opinions.Mark Zuckerberg praised Germany for their  inspiring  refugee policies during a visit to the country and reiterated his commitment to combating  hate speech  on Facebook.Speaking at a town hall event in Berlin, the 31-year old billionaire said German leadership in the refugee crisis has been  insipiring  and a  role model for the world. I hope other countries follow Germany s lead on this,  he added.  I hope the U.S. follows Germany s lead on this. Speaking at the same event, Zuckerberg also emphasised his commitment to tackling  hate speech  on Facebook. Hate speech has no place on Facebook and in our community,  he said.  Until recently in Germany I don t think we were doing a good enough job, and I think we will continue needing to do a better and better job. Zuckerberg added that the company would place a special priority on tackling hate speech against migrants. Facebook s policies, he said, would  now include hate speech against migrants as an important part of what we just now have no tolerance for. Zuckerberg was overheard after leaving his microphone on during a conversation about the refugee crisis with Angela Merkel. Are you working on this,  the German chancellor asked him, according to Bloomberg. Yeah,  he replied.The super-rich tech boss also said  we need to do some work on the issue . We are committed to working closely with the German government on this important issue,  said Debbie Frost, a Facebook spokeswoman. We think the best solutions to dealing with people who make racist and xenophobic comments can be found when service providers, government and civil society all work together to address this common challenge. Since then, Facebook has dramatically expanded its anti-hate speech efforts, launching a new initiative to combat  racist and xenophobic  material on social media alongside European NGOs this January. Facebook is also cooperating with a task force set up by the Germany Justice Ministry to hunt down alleged racists on the platform.Some critics fear the social network is working with governments to silence any criticism of the refugee crisis.His censorship comments have now gone viral, provoking a debate about whether it is right to squash unpopular or potentially offensive views. ",0
14407,BILL CLINTON GOES AT IT WITH VETERAN Who Brings Up Benghazi: “Shut up and listen!” [Video],"Bill Clinton visited Bluffton, SC to rally people to vote for Hillary but he met up with a former Marine Drill Sgt. who spoke out against Hillary s lies surrounding Benghazi. This is probably the first time anyone has EVER had a chance to confront Bill Clinton about Benghazi. He clearly couldn t handle the confrontation. I have to say I love these brave Americans for standing up. Pretty awesome! ",0
14408,VP JOE BIDEN To Make Appearance At Oscars To Introduce Song About Sexual Assault,"Well, this is ironic Joe Biden is one of the worst when it comes to getting in your space if you happen to be female. Not sure he s the best person to introduce this song. This is yet another example of politicizing the Oscars a turnoff to viewers but loony Hollywood liberals will eat this up.Vice President Joe Biden will introduce Lady Gaga this Sunday at the 88th Academy Awards.The Los Angeles Times reports Biden, who will be in attendance for the ceremony with his wife Jill, will introduce the singer for a performance of her song  Til It Happens to You,  which will include a presentation aimed a combating sexual violence.After introducing the singer, the vice president will reportedly ask viewers and members of the audience to visit ItsOnUs.org and take a pledge to intervene in cases of sexual assault.Biden, who was main author of the 1994 Violence Against Women Act while he was in the Senate, has called for college presidents to help end campus sexual violence. You don t want to be a school that mishandles rape. Guess what? Step up. It s time. Its absolutely time because the moral disapprobation of society is the most powerful tool for effecting change in the cultural norms that doggedly hang on,  Biden said in May 2014.Lady Gaga s song  Til It Happens to You  and an accompanying PSA aimed at warning young women of the dangers of campus sexual assault, was released last September.Read more: Breitbart News ",0
14409,"INFLUENTIAL HOLLYWOOD LEFTIST Looks Forward To Racist Comedian, Chris Rock’s SMACK DOWN Of Whites At Oscars","How very progressive Not since the Civil Rights movement of the 60 s has America seen such a racial divide. Of course, we all know who s behind the manufactured race war in America. Barack Obama is working in unison with race agitators and Hollywood idiots like Harvey Weinstein who are willing to suffer the consequences of being humiliated by a racist comedian in front of millions, if it means they are absolved of the sins of not hiring enough black people.The co-chief of The Weinstein Co. acknowledges that the Academy has a poor track record when it comes to films about people of color   including his own   but he feels the blame belongs on studios and distributors, not on  people who ve worked so hard all their lives and prize that Academy card and have reached that zenith and then go on to retirement. I just can imagine Chris Rock s opening remarks,  Harvey Weinstein, the co-chief of The Weinstein Co., says as we sit down to record an episode of the  Awards Chatter  podcast days ahead of Sunday s Rock-hosted 88th Academy Awards.  If anybody s [planning on] boycotting the Oscars, don t, because Chris Rock is gonna annihilate every one of us [leaders of Hollywood studios/distribution companies] in the first 20 minutes of the show, and it will be well worth watching. It will be an Oscars to remember. This year, for the first time since 2008 and one of the few times in the last 25 years, none of Weinstein s films are nominated for best picture   Carol and The Hateful Eight came up short   but he s still going to the show, hoping for a best original score win for Hateful composer Ennio Morricone, among others associated with Weinstein Co. films, as well as a best actor win for  my buddy Leo [DiCaprio]  for The Revenant. That film, like the last two best picture Oscar winners 12 Years a Slave and Birdman, was guided to fruition by New Regency president/CEO Brad Weston, who used to be co-president of The Weinstein Co. s Dimension Films division.Here s an example of Chris Rock on one of his racist rants:Weinstein says he understands, from experience, the frustrations of the people calling for a boycott of the Oscars over the #OscarsSoWhite controversy, and feels they have made a difference   but he does not support their ultimate objective. It s that voice, actually, that gets people motivated,  he says,  because you don t want the boycott. That s how people use their personal power to force change. So I look at that and go,  Great,  because everybody s thinking about that now. I thought about it a couple of years ago because it had bugged me over the years that the films that I did about ethnic diversity never got anything. So I said,  I m gonna stack the deck for myself: I m gonna put out The Butler, Mandela and Fruitvale Station in the same year,  okay? We got one nomination   for U2   out of three movies.  Was race the driving consideration?  I have no idea,  he says,  but it has to make you think.  He continues,  And then, that year, there was 12 Years a Slave, and I said,  What is it, only one?' Via: Hollywood Reporter",0
14410,CONGRESS JUST DEALT A BIG BLOW To Obama And His Favorite Terror Group [VIDEO],"Obama has shown favoritism towards the Muslim Brotherhood terror group almost since the first day of his presidency. Many are convinced Obama is tied to the terror group through his brother, and his desire to prevent Americans from referring to this group as a  terror group  doesn t do much to convince us he doesn t have some sort of ties to them. Obama quietly offered his support when the riots Arab Spring uprisings took place in Egypt, paving the way for the Muslim Brotherhood Islamist, Mohamed Morsy to take over as President of Egypt through  fair  elections The House Judiciary Committee passed a bill on Wednesday calling on the State Department to classify the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist group, by a 17-10 party-line vote.The GOP leadership under Speaker Paul Ryan supports the legislation, a high-ranking Republican source told the Investigative Project on Terrorism (IPT) on background. This makes floor passage more likely.The bill states that it is the  sense of Congress that the Muslim Brotherhood meets the criteria for classification as a foreign terrorist organization. Under the bill as amended by committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.), Secretary of State John Kerry would have 60 days to issue a detailed report to Congress indicating whether the Brotherhood meets the criteria qualifying it as a terrorist group. The Brotherhood s strategic goal in America is a kind of grand Jihad in eliminating and destroying the Western civilization from within and  sabotaging  its miserable house from within so that it is eliminated and God s religion is made victorious over all other religions,  Goodlatte said, quoting the Brotherhood s 1991 Explanatory Memorandum, in a statement given before the vote.Here is Muslim terror expert, Brigitte Gabriel explaining the plan by the Muslim Brotherhood to jihad in North America. After watching this, you may ask yourself what has taken Congress so long to act? The Brotherhood and its leaders and affiliates, such as Hamas, have supported Islamist terrorism   directly, through fundraising, and through exhortation. Each of these activities constitutes an act of terrorism under the Immigration and Nationality Act. Under the bill, the Obama Administration would be forced to deny admittance to any foreign national tied to the Muslim Brotherhood.Since Obama became President, people connected to the Muslim Brotherhood have received entry visas despite their open support for terrorist groups such as Hamas and Hezbollah.There are many who believe the Muslim Brotherhood has been given special treatment by our very own  President,  and that he is somehow tied to the group:HERE, Rep Louie Gohmert (R-TX) is asking why the Obama regime gave $1.5 BILLION to the Muslim Brotherhood:Previously banned individuals such as Sheikh Rached Ghannouchi, head of Tunisia s branch of the Brotherhood, and Tariq Ramadan, grandson of Brotherhood founder Hasan al-Banna, have been welcomed to the US by the Obama Administration despite their vocal support for Hamas. Ramadan fought his ban on entering the US in court, and won an appeal.Other foreign Brotherhood speakers such as Ragheb Elsergany exploit the platform given to them by the Obama Administration to advocate for Muslims to support Palestinian  mujahideen  fighting against Israel.If the Brotherhood were designated as a terrorist group, it would be a crime for people in the United Sates to provide material support to it, and the Treasury Department could force banks to block financial transactions related to the Brotherhood. The bill lists US groups, including the Council on American Islamic Relations (CAIR), the Islamic Society of North America (ISNA), and the North American Islamic Trust (NAIT), as groups under the control of the international Muslim Brotherhood. The Muslim Brotherhood continues to pose a global threat. The jihadist movement actively supports and finances terrorist networks around the world, including al-Qaida and Hamas. The United States must recognize and sanction the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist organization as part of our national security strategy,  co-sponsor Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart, (R-Fla.), said in a statement. Via: The Alemeiner ",0
14411,#FeelTheBern: GUY WHO WANTS TO CLEAN UP CORRUPTION In D.C. Accepts Thousands Of ILLEGAL Campaign Contributions,"Hey Bernie The first step in fighting corruption by politicians might start with cleaning up the corruption in your own campaign Thousands of contributions to Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders  campaign in January violated federal campaign finance laws, election regulators said on Thursday.The Federal Election Commission sent a letter to the Democratic presidential candidate s campaign committee on Thursday with a 90-page spreadsheet listing 3,457  excessive, prohibited, and impermissible contributions. The campaign s January financial disclosure filing listed contributions from foreign nationals and unregistered political committees, the FEC said. Other contributions came from donors who exceeded the $2,700 per-election limit.Because behind that mask, you ll find the same corrupt kind of politician you ll find pretty much anywhere roaming the halls of Congress. You just get a little better at hiding it the more time you spend working as a  public servant  in D.C Although the Commission may take further legal action concerning the acceptance of [excessive or prohibited] contributions, your prompt action to refund the prohibited amount will be taken into consideration,  the FEC told the campaign.Sanders  campaign has relied on small-dollar individual contributions to a far greater extent than any other presidential campaign, including the Super PAC- and dark money-fueled efforts of Democratic rival Hillary Clinton.The Vermont Senator and self-described socialist is running on a platform of transparency and campaign finance reform, contrasting his grassroots support with Clinton s high-dollar donors and use of loopholes in federal election laws that allow her campaign to coordinate with outside groups that can accept unlimited contributions.However, Sanders  donors have also run afoul of federal campaign finance laws, and his financial disclosure reports have been riddled with errors.The FEC sent a letter to the Sanders campaign earlier this month flagging an additional 1,316  excessive, prohibited, and impermissible contributions  in the fourth quarter of 2015.The commission also noted disbursements from the campaign that failed to include required documentation.The Sanders campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Some of the campaign s legal problems stem from enthusiasm for Sanders  candidacy from foreign nationals, many of whom have publicly revealed donations to the campaign in violation of U.S. election laws. I am German, live in Germany and just donated to Bernie Sanders  campaign on www.BernieSanders.com simply using my credit card Is this illegal in any way?  asked a user on the website Quora. Via: WFB ",0
14412,"MAINSTREAM MEDIA STANDS DOWN: Fire Alarm Pulled During Conservative “When Diversity Becomes a Problem” Speech…150+ FREE SPEECH TERRORISTS Threaten, Block Fellow Students [VIDEO]","Free speech is under attack in America like never before. Any views that are in opposition to views on the left are considered out of bounds and will be dealt with SEE Ben Shapiro s AWESOME speech BELOW.Breitbart News editor Ben Shapiro delivered a speech to the Young America s Foundation at California State University Los Angeles on Thursday afternoon, despite initial efforts by the university to shut down the event.Students were prevented from entering by approximately 150 demonstrators standing outside the front entrance.However, attendees managed to slip into the auditorium through the back entrance, prompting Shapiro to observe that in today s America, conservatives were forced to exercise their First Amendment rights  by the back door. Ben Shapiro s response to protestors:Facts don't care about your feelings.  Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) February 5, 2016Some demonstrators entered the building and began chanting slogans, such as  Racists go home!  and  No hate speech! Watch Free Speech Terrorists work together to attack and shut down opposing views, by using threat of violence against anyone who disagrees with them:This is how the ""tolerant"" Left reacts when ONE conservative comes to campus. Scary situation at CSULA.https://t.co/4oB4wz08NP  YAF (@yaf) February 26, 2016Earlier, demonstrators from the Black Student Union had assaulted Breitbart News reporter Adelle Nazarian.WATCH HERE:And then there was this desperate act to silence an opposing view:.@yaf liberal protester pulls fire alarm during Ben #shapiro speech Ben says ""you are not going to stop us.""  Adam Shapiro (@Ajshaps) February 25, 2016Initially, administrators at the taxpayer-funded public university tried to force the postponement of the event in favor of a later event where Shapiro would have to appear alongside speakers who disagreed with him. Shapiro vowed to speak at the original time scheduled, and the university backed down, releasing a statement Thursday:Author Ben Shapiro was invited to speak this afternoon at Cal State LA by the Young Americans for Freedom, which is a registered student organization. The event,  When Diversity Becomes a Problem,  was funded by the Associated Students, Inc., the student government..@yaf #Shapiro ""the safe spaces of the people outside (protesters) are just fascist spaces cleared of all ideas that could hurt feelings""  Adam Shapiro (@Ajshaps) February 25, 2016Leading up to the event, there were a number of emails and social media posts that caused concern for the campus community. Given threats and expressions of fear, President William A. Covino proposed a rescheduled event that would be civil and inclusive, and in which Mr. Shapiro and speakers with other viewpoints could offer their perspectives in an organized forum. My decision was made in the interest of safety and security,  Covino said.  I am disappointed that Mr. Shapiro has not accepted my invitation to speak in such a forum. He has indicated that he will come to Cal State LA to speak today at the University-Student Union Theatre, where he was originally scheduled to deliver his talk,  Covino told the University community Thursday morning.Covino added:  I strongly disagree with Mr. Shapiro s views. But if Mr. Shapiro does appear, the University will allow him to speak. We will make every effort to ensure a climate of safety and security. In his remarks, Shapiro blasted Covino and other faculty members who tried to stop the event from taking place, and who had threatened violence against Shapiro, including professors Robert Weide and Melina Abdullah.He called them  disgusting  and described Covino as a  totalitarian  and an  idiot  whose behavior exemplified  an insane society created by the American left who says that anybody that disagrees with them must be silenced. He explained that there are three kinds of diversity: diversity of color, diversity of values, and diversity of ideas. Only the last kind, he said, was valuable to society and could create stable and healthy communities. Via: Breitbart NewsHERE IS BEN SHAPIRO S AWESOME SPEECH: ",0
14413,SERIAL LIAR HILLARY CLINTON: ‘I think I have been transparent’ about Wall Street ties [Video],Wow! She s really good at deflecting and lying must have learned from Slick Willy! ,0
14414,DR BEN CARSON TARGETED BY THE IRS: “I never had an audit until I spoke at the National Prayer Breakfast.”,DR. BEN CARSON TELLS THE STORY OF WHAT HAPPENED WHEN HE SPOKE OUT AGAINST OBAMA: ,0
14415,"REPUBLICAN DEBATE LINE OF THE NIGHT: “Keep swinging’ men, swing for the fences!” [Video]","This is hysterical! I don t care who you support, this is NOT politics as usual! ",0
14416,STUNNING! FORMER DISNEY TECH WORKER’S Emotional Testimony Of Humiliation In Training Foreign Workers [Video], ,0
14417,ALL HELL IS ABOUT TO BREAK LOOSE Between European Vigilante Group “Soldiers Of Odin” And ISIS Inspired “Soldiers Of Allah”,"European nations have naively opened their borders to millions of Muslim males who have no intention of assimilating. As they make their way across Europe, police forces find themselves ill-equipped to handle the extreme increase in sexual assault and violence, so citizens are now finding themselves in a position where they are being forced to take matters into their own hands.A group of young concerned Germans made a video warning that they would no longer sit back and watch their culture and history being destroyed. The video can be viewed by clicking HERE.On February 4, 2015, we reported about a fast growing group of vigilantes who call themselves the  Soldiers of Odin. The self-styled  Soldiers of Odin  march in a mob, wearing bomber jackets with their logo on the back. They have vowed to take direct action to  protect their wives, girlfriends and children  after a migrant influx to the liberal Scandinavian country. Persons linked to Islamist groups in Oslo say that they have formed a group called  Soldiers of Allah .Via a central source in the Islamist environment, the Norwegian newspaper VG has received a statement, and photographs of the planned uniform.The group has been named  Jundullaah    which translates to  Soldiers of Allah . In response to the group of unbelievers in Soldiers of Odin, who are patrolling the streets, we Muslims have chosen to create a group to patrol the streets, initially in the capital Oslo, to forbid evil and call for the good,  says the statement.The planned  uniform , is decorated with the black flag of the terrorist organization Islamic State (IS) on the back, with a small logo on the chest.On Tuesday, Labour s Muslim deputy chairman, Hadia Tajik, said that the Soldiers of Odin defy Norway s rules on private security businesses and she tried to illustrate the problem as follows:  It is as if the Islamists would be the uniformed ones, take to the streets and call themselves guards or vigilantes. It is very undesirable and unfortunate for our country, devastating, said Tajik.Now it s exactly what is about to happen.Great tip, Tajik.The information that Islamists in Oslo are in the process of establishing a group, is also confirmed by the temporary spokesman of the Prophet s ummah who calls himself  Abu Arijon.  He said that the plan is to start in Oslo, then Drammen and T nsberg.Many of the people in  Soldiers of Allah  come from the environment around the Islamist group the Prophet s Ummah, where spokesman Ubaydullah Hussain currently is in custody and charged with recruiting for IS. Soldiers of Allah  inform in the statement themselves, that almost everyone in the group is on the  Watch List  of the Police Security Service (PST).  Is PST aware of the group  Soldiers of Allah  planning to patrol in Oslo?  We can not comment on individuals or individual groups, says senior adviser in PST, Siv Als n, to VG.So there it is. Regular street battles could soon be a reality in Norway. Soldiers of Odin against Soldiers of Allah, with the police in between. However, it will most likely not be started by the Soldiers of Odin, but the rabid Islamists in the soldiers of Allah. And then, even though the Soldiers of Odin claim to be a peaceful group, the Viking has clearly awaken   illustrated by the logo on the back. And being attacked by Islamists, they will have no other choice than to go berserk again, after a thousand years in hibernation.All hell is breaking loose in countries all across Europe. Are Americans paying attention, or has Obama s manufactured race war distracted us from his plan to seed Muslims in our small towns and communities across America through the US State Dept. Refugee Resettlement Program? ",0
14418,WATCH: Shocking Number Of Swedish Citizens WALK BY GIRL BEING RAPED By “Middle Eastern Man” In Car [VIDEO],"During the Democrats  first debate last month, Bernie Sanders said  we should look to countries like Denmark, like Sweden and Norway, and learn from what they have accomplished for their working people.  Denmark s Prime Minister came out swinging, demanding that Sanders get his facts straight,  Denmark is not a socialist nation, it has a  market economy.  Democrats have been working for decades to adopt the progressive policies based on political correctness that permeates most European nations.Sweden, the  Rape Capitol  of the world, is a perfect example of how well their politically correct, open-border policies have worked out for them. As the Muslim invasion of these European nations escalates, we are seeing this indifferent attitude of  live and let live  that only benefits those Muslim invaders who have no intention of assimilating in their host nations. This video shows how a nation gripped with fear reacts with apathy towards the criminal as opposed to taking action to save the supposed victim. It illustrates how easily a group of invaders can overtake a nation conditioned to accepting everyone, so as not to offend anyone. Sadly, we live in a country which has the highest rate of reported cases of rape. And this land is called Sweden. Rape is a very serious crime which not only affects our country, but the rest of the world. So in our new social experiment, we put Swedish citizens up for a test.   This video is a great example of what happens to a nation who puts political correctness before the safety and security of its citizens: A poor girl can be heard screaming for help from the backseat of a car. There is no question she is being sexually assaulted, yet one after another, Swedish citizens continue to walk by pretending not to hear.At one point in the video, the  rapist  a brave passerby took action to stop him. Sadly, most of the other apathetic citizens were satisfied to look the other way, so as not to get involved. The biggest sin of the humankind is indifference. ",0
14419,WHEN DID ROMNEY BECOME The Godfather Of The GOP…And Why Didn’t He Fight This Hard Against Obama? [VIDEO],"It s difficult to look at Romney coming out against Trump and not wonder if there are a few  sour grapes?   Romney s timing for questioning Trump s character is very interesting, considering his former deputy campaign manager, Katie Packer was the key figure behind the anti-Trump super-PAC,  Our Principles created for the sole purpose of taking down Trump that just announced yesterday that they ve given up on their efforts. Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney stated that Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump, Texas Senator Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), and Florida Senator Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) ought to release their taxes for  the last two years that have already been filed  and that there s  good reason to believe that there s a bombshell in Donald Trump s taxes  on Wednesday s  Your World with Neil Cavuto  on the Fox News Channel.He added,  I think there s no question but that Donald Trump has the clearest path to become the Republican nominee. I think for the other people still in the race, their path is becoming a slimmer and slimmer opening, and they re having a difficult time communicating to their supporters just how they could become the nominee. It s not impossible. I think it s very difficult for any one of the non-Donald Trump contenders to be able to be a real threat, unless perhaps the field narrows.Romney then said, when asked about his lack of an endorsement for anyone so far,  Well, frankly, I d like to see a number of things from the candidates, not just their positions on issues in some detail, and some candidates are more thorough in laying out what they re going to do than others, but I d also like to see their back taxes. I d like to see where they filed their taxes in the last several years. I m not talking about their taxes this year. I m talking about the taxes that have already been filed with the IRS. And Donald Trump and Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz have [not] shown us their back taxes. Romney further stated that  the last two years that have already been filed  would  give us a real sense of whether these people are on the up and up, and whether they ve been telling us things about themselves that are true or not.  He then said,  I think we have good reason to believe that there s a bombshell in Donald Trump s taxes. He explained,  I think there s something there, either he s not as anywhere near as wealthy as he says he is, or he hasn t been paying the kind of taxes we would expect him to pay, or perhaps he hasn t been giving money to the vets, or to the disabled, like he s been telling us he s been doing. And I think that s   the reason that I think there s a bombshell in there, is because every time he s asked about his taxes, he dodges and delays and says, well, we re working on it. Hey, we re not talking about the taxes that are coming due this year. Of course they re working on those. They won t be ready for months. We re talking about taxes already filed, back taxes. And my back taxes, when I ran in 2012, my back taxes, I put out in January of 2012. We re now in late February and we still haven t seen either Donald Trump s, or Marco Rubio s, or Ted Cruz s taxes. And frankly the voters have a right to see those tax returns before they decide who our nominee ought to be. Trump s response to Romney s accusation:Romney said that the scrutiny over his taxes when he ran back in 2012 is  a good reason for getting these things out before the voters make their choices to who our nominee will be.  He continued,  I put my taxes out in January of 2012, and that gave people a chance to digest it, and decide whether I was going to be the nominee or not. And if in fact Donald Trump s taxes, or Marco Rubio s, or Ted Cruz s, have some real problems in there, let s get them out there and see them. But I think it s pretty clear that, given Donald Trump s dodging and weaving and delay, I think the last time he was asked about his taxes he said, well, it s going to be a month. Look, people have a right to know if there s a problem in those taxes before they decide. Romney concluded,  You know, Donald Trump has said he s the best in the country for the disabled veterans, and for the disabled generally. Well, if his taxes show that he hasn t made any contributions to the disabled veterans, or to the disabled generally, that would be a big issue. So   and I m not saying that s the case. I have no evidence of that. But I m just saying there are things that could be issues, and when people decide they don t want to give you their taxes, it s usually because there s something they don t want you to see. Via:BreitbartPosted by Donald J. Trump on Thursday, 25 February 2016 Does Romney s concern over Trump and his taxes have anything to do with Trump s go it alone attitude? Or perhaps The Donald has a point?.@MittRomney can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible ""choke"" loss to Obama!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 18, 2015Mitt Romney, the failed 2012 Republican presidential nominee who, alongside running mate Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI), lost the election to President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden, is lecturing 2016 GOP frontrunner Donald Trump on how a Republican can win the White House. I think Donald Trump has said a number of things which are hurtful, and he has said they were childish in some respects, and I think will be potentially problematic either in a primary or in a general election if he were to become the nominee,  Romney said in a rare interview granted to former Obama strategist David Axelrod, according to The Hill newspaper.Romney added that he thinks Trump will  have some challenges if he proceeds to the next stage  and that he thinks  to a degree  Trump s comments and style  do  hurt the GOP as a whole.While Romney previously predicted that Trump won t win the nomination, his change of tone in this Axelrod interview seems to indicate he s now entertaining the possibility of a nominee Donald Trump.Romney lost the election in 2012 after winning the nomination against a fairly weak GOP primary field. He also lost in 2008, failing to win the nomination against Sen. John McCain (R-AZ). Like Romney would four years later, McCain lost the 2008 presidential election to Obama. Even though Romney has lost every presidential election in which he s ever competed, some Republicans still gravitate to him and his inner circle for political advice.Earlier this cycle, Romney met with several candidates, including former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) the two leading establishment candidates vying for the nomination in New Hampshire. In the interview with Axelrod, Romney spoke very highly of both Rubio and Bush.In August 2012 during the heat of Romney s presidential race with President Barack Obama, then-Senate Majority Leader Sen. Harry Reid (D-NV)2% charged Romney hadn t pay taxes for 10 years.Shortly after Reid made those allegations, Trump defended Romney in an interview with Fox News Channel s Greta Van Susteren on the August, 7, 2012 broadcast of  On the Record. I think it s a very strong statement that Harry made,  Trump said.  And I ve known Harry and I like Harry. But I think it s a statement that he probably wished he didn t make. I don t think there was a source. A lot of people don t think there was a source. If there was a source, it s probably not allowed and it s probably not even legal. I mean, who would be able to do that? Who would be allowed to do that? I don t think there is a source. WATCH Donald Trump defend Romney s alleged tax issues with Greta Susteren at the 3:10 mark:",0
14420,BUSTED! BLACK PROTESTER CAUGHT Dressing In KKK Garb Pretending To Be Trump Supporter,"The Democrat motto: Whatever it takes UPDATE: An eyewitness stated that one of the alleged Klansmen was Black.Lol I wonder who on the democrat side who set this up. Cause these ""KKK"" members were silent. Not trump supporters  pic.twitter.com/q2hf5ikEzh  Kevin Smith (@Sbstud11) February 24, 2016 Lol I wonder who on the democrat side who set this up. Cause these  KKK  members were silent. Not trump supportersAnd of the ""clan"" members is black so I don't buy it for a second lol  Kevin Smith (@Sbstud11) February 24, 2016And of the  clan  members is black so I don t buy it for a second lol It s hard to tell in the photo (I didn t notice till I got closer) but the one on the right had a black hand @KristinnFR it's hard to tell in the photo (I didn't notice till I got closer) but the one on the right had a black hand  Kevin Smith (@Sbstud11) February 24, 2016A photo taken outside a Nevada Republican caucus site has stirred controversy as it was presented un-factchecked as being of two Trump supporters dressed as KKK members despite it being known that leftists have a history of dressing as Klansmen to protest Trump.The person who posted the photo, Krystal Heath, the general manager of a Nevada radio station, said the photo was sent to her by a friend. Forty-five minutes after posting the photo she admitted she did not know for certain if they were actually Trump supporters but the damage was done.#Trump supporters dressed as KKK outside #NVCaucus location. pic.twitter.com/iPfPcEghqW  Krystal Heath (@TheFriddle) February 24, 2016 KKK pic was taken tonight at Cimaron-Memorial High School. Volunteers asked caucus goers to ignore them. #NVCaucus Two other photos were posted to Twitter, again second hand, by Nevada state Senate Minority Leader Aaron D. Ford, who is African-American. So, friends of mine observed this at a republican caucus location this evening. I ll admit, I m boiling right now. ? So, friends of mine observed this at a republican caucus location this evening. I'll admit, I'm boiling right now.   pic.twitter.com/baDftDUyxm  Sen. Aaron D. Ford (@AaronDFordNV) February 24, 2016https://twitter.com/DrZacRobbins/status/702331551158128641In September leftist protesters dressed as Klansmen gathered outside Trump Tower in New York City. That protest received nationwide coverage by the media.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
14421,An Easy To Read Chart Shows How Bernie Sanders’ Socialism Is Just A Stepping Stone To Communism," The goal of socialism is communism.  -Vladimir Lenin, CommunistFor Bernie Sanders, Socialism is just a good place to start ",0
14422,"NEW “Fair Share” App, “EQUIPAY” Allows Users To Split Restaurant Bill Between Guests, Based On Gender, Sex and Race","A Socialists dream!  Now you can check your privilege at the door. With the Equipay app, you ll never have to walk away from a restaurant with friends wondering if you paid your fair share It s a huge dilemma for progressives: on the one hand, it s terribly patriarchal for a man to pay for a woman s dinner. On the other hand, the gender pay gap of feminist mythology holds that women only make 77 cents for every dollar earned by a man. So isn t the failure to pay just another contribution to structural sexism?Equipay, a new app for Android and the iPhone has a solution. Developed by San Francisco-based  comedian  Luna Malbroux, the app divides bills between dinner guests according to their race and gender. For example, black women, who allegedly make just 64 cents on the dollar compared to white men, would only pay 64 per cent of their share of the bill.According to the app s website,  Equipay helps you avoid the entrenched discrimination that exists in our society. It doesn t split the bill equally it splits it equitably. You pay what you should to balance out the wage gap. The app is free to use   unless you re a member of a  high-privilege group.  Then there s a surcharge. As the site explains:  When dining out with a high privilege group, Equipay automatically adds an EquipayItBack Surcharge. This fee subsidizes meals for others and funds Equipay s charitable arm. Thanks! Last but not least, the app allows users to let their followers know whenever they ve used the app to smash the patriarchy at the dinner table. In a live presentation of the app, Melbroux described how a user,  Graham  shares his Equipay-powered purchase on social media  to show that he is a social justice ally. Of course, having informed the world of his use of Equipay, it remains to be seen if  Graham  will ever be invited out for a meal again.The app won first prize at San Francisco s  Comedy Hack Day,  which brings  comedians, developers, and designers together.  However, Melbroux insists that the app isn t a joke. In an interview with Care2, she expressed hopes that the app would start a serious conversation:  I hope that this, more than anything, starts a discussion and helps people to start thinking a little bit differently about how we can use more technology and more innovation to address inequality and wage inequality. For the rest of us, the app s social media sharing function will give us a useful list of people to never invite out for dinner.  Via:Breitbart",0
14423,SENATOR MIKE LEE Nails It On Why The Senate Opposes A Supreme Court Nominee [Video],"Senator Mike Lee gives it right back to FOX s Martha MacCallum when she grilled him on why the Senate won t accept a Supreme Court nominee: MARTHA MACCALLUM (HOST): The president has laid out I think what anyone would say is a very fair set of circumstances for nominating someone, so why not give this person hearing?SEN. MIKE LEE (R-UT): OK that all sounds great. We do have to remember Martha, we re talking about a lame duck president in his final months of office who is talking about making a lifetime appointment to the highest court in the land, a court which in recent years has played an increasingly large role in the development of public policy. And we think the American people have a voice, that voice should be heard and the American people ought to be able to choose their next president and have the next president, whether that s a Republican or Democrat, make the choice.MACCALLUM: Yeah but I think, senator, with all due respect, wouldn t the American people say we elected President Obama? We also elected the senators who are currently in office, and we expect them both, on both sides to do their job. The president s job is to name a nominee, your job is to give that person a hearing and either appoint or not. Either consent, to give consent, or not. So why not go through the process? Why do you get to decide that?LEE: You re absolutely right that elections have consequences. President Obama was elected again as president in 2012. Senate elections also have consequences and when Republicans were elected to the majority in the Senate after the 2014 elections, we had an increasingly large role to play in the system. Now you re also absolutely right, the president has the right to nominate. That is his prerogative. It s also the Senate s right to decide when, whether, how, to what extent, to confirm someone and here what we re saying is, we think that it s very important to maintain a tradition, a tradition that goes all the way back to 1888 by the way. 1888 was the last time you had a Supreme Court vacancy arise during a presidential election year, and the last time that that vacancy arising during the presidential election year was filled during the same year, and confirmed by a Senate that was run by a party opposite the president s party.MACCALLUM: I think everybody listens to that and understands what you are saying and that there s   but I don t think that gets around the basic requirement to do the job, to go through the process and if you all decide that you don t want to give consent to that person, well that s absolutely your right. And just given your background and being such an adherent to the Constitution, it seems somewhat surprising I think to some people to take that attitude. And it also feeds in perhaps to the notion that people in your position don t want to   are blocking things from happening on Capitol Hill.LEE: We are blocking this from happening, make no mistake about it. We are blocking this one. And we feel it s our obligation to do so. We think that especially with this president who has overstepped his constitutional boundaries so many times   [CROSSTALK]MACCALLUM: But then why does it make it right on to do that on your side? You can look at this person and say  no thank you, we don t like this person,  but why the hesitation to have a hearing? To do the process? I think that s what people have a hard time understanding.Via: Media Matters",0
14424,"THE BEST CASE For A TRUMP PRESIDENCY Comes From A Foreigner: “I’ve lived your future, if you keep going, you’re not going to like it”"," A Trump presidency won t only wipe out political correctness in America; it ll wipe it off the face of the earth. Political correctness is destroying America, and Western civilization.This year America celebrates her 240th birthday. If she is to make her tri-centennial in 2076, a feat few great nations in history have achieved, it will need to crush this totalitarian ideology that is currently strangling it.Every problem in America today is linked to political correctness. Declining educational standards, increasing secularism, the police not being allowed to do their job, an inability to secure her borders, a diminished America in the world theatre and reluctance to smash the evil of currently rampaging Islamism   all of it is rooted in politically-correct ideology. Nothing is more antithetical to America s foundational principles.Political correctness seeks to eliminate individualism, identity and confidence; three characteristics indispensable to American greatness. If you want to see the end result, look no further than Europe. The intellectual tyranny, self-loathing and choking conformity of this ideology has feminized and weakened a once great continent which now aspires to mediocrity. The same is true of America s English-speaking cousins.I write this not as an American.But as somebody that wants Western civilization to prosper. Everyone has an investment in keeping the United States as culturally robust and powerful as imaginable, because the world s fortunes travel with it. What is good for America is good for the world.I am here to tell you I ve lived your future, if you keep going, you re not going to like it. It s why I ve written  Retaking America: Crushing Political Correctness .The entire world looks on as Americans make their choice for president. The president of the United States is also the president of the free world. All of us have a stake. For example, people in Australia aren t sleeping well right now because President Obama is not keeping the world safe. Change can t come quickly enough for many around the world.The world needs an American president that is clear-minded and right-thinking. That encourages a climate of straight talking and decisive action. That has the moral clarity to defend Christians and the West. An alpha male prepared to win for his people.People are losing their jobs, missing out on opportunities and being targeted. What was born on college campuses has been armed through social media by electronic cockroaches that should never have been given a voice. The parameters of public debate have shrunk, and civil society s ability to conduct rational, cool-headed conversations is being usurped by a crude marketplace of outrage and a new victimhood movement. Freedom is an obvious casualty of political correctness, but following close behind is truth and reality.Many people around the world despair. But every now and again, a public figure emerges who transcends politics and has an undisputed ability to change the culture.This is why the world needs to use its Trump card. He is uniquely positioned to change the culture of the world, and restore American greatness and Western confidence through attitude alone.A President Trump would be the best thing, not only for America, but for the entire world.Proud, confident, bold, patriotic, outspoken, self-reliant, mega-successful, charitable, a force of nature; Donald Trump is American exceptionalism on steroids.For too long, America s educational and media elites have relentlessly and recklessly portrayed America as a hateful place. It s not. It s the greatest country in this history of the world. But political correctness is giving it an identity crisis. Some may well call Donald Trump an egomaniac and his election to the highest office, risky   but right now, America needs an ego-boost. It needs to believe in itself again. Only then can there be an American renaissance.Via: Nick Adams, for TownhallNick Adams is the brilliant author of Retaking America: Crushing Political Correctness available on Amazon HERE",0
14425,MELANIA TRUMP IN RARE ONE-ON-ONE INTERVIEW: Watch Her DESTROY Leftist MSNBC Hack On Immigration…”I Followed The Law!”,"Melania Trump has been taking a relatively low key position in her husband s bid to become our next President. She s more than just  arm candy for Donald Trump. She s a tough business woman who s proud to have come to America as an immigrant and earned her citizenship the LEGAL way. Watch her no-nonsense interview here with leftist MSNBC hack host, Mika Brzezinski, who does everything in her power to provoke her and condemn her husband: I followed the law,  Trump said in an interview with Mika Brzezinski aired Wednesday on MSNBC s  Morning Joe,  in discussing the hoops she had to jump through in order to become a citizen of the United States.  I never thought to stay here without papers. I had a visa, I traveled every few months back to the country to Slovenia to stamp the visa. I came back, I applied for the green card, I applied for the citizenship later on after many years of green card. So I went by system, I went by the law. And you should do that, you should not just say let me stay here and whatever happens, happens. Trump, who immigrated to the United States from Slovenia in 1996, said that she and her husband are  prepared  for people to call him names for expressing his viewpoints.  I m a full-time mom, and I love it. So, I decided not to be in the campaign so much, but I support my husband 100 percent,  she said of her role in the campaign itself. We have thick skin, and we know that people will judge him and people will call names. They don t give him enough credit. From June that he announced, they don t give him enough credit,  she said, leading Brzezinski to ask her what she thought about people who felt he insulted Mexicans with his comments that the country is sending rapists and murderers across the border in his announcement speech. Via: Politico ",0
14426,SHARIA LAW GRANTS MUSLIM MAN Permission To Marry 8 Year Old [VIDEO],"Are you ready for these pedophiles to move in to your communities? The UN is vetting the  refugees  who are coming to America. Do you really believe they are care if the Muslim families they re sending to the US are adherents of Sharia Law? It s a numbers game for them. The faith based charities are being paid large sums of money to bring whomever the UN deems worthy of our taxpayer support. As an added bonus, these  poor refugees  are being fast-tracked to citizenship in order to become voters as quickly as possible.This story should horrify every American. It is truly one of the worst human-rights violations imaginable, while it s perfectly acceptable behavior in the Middle East.Pray for these innocent girls ",0
14427,"THE SENATE CLAMPS DOWN ON “KING” OBAMA: No Hearing, No Vote On Scalia Replacement",The Senate is doing the right thing by not holding hearings to replace Supreme Court Justice Scalia: ,0
14428,SNARKY HILLARY AIDE EMBARRASSED BY Inconvenient “Fact” About Judge Who’s Forcing Hillary To Testify Under Oath [VIDEO],"There never seems to be a shortage of smug, know-it-all, self-righteous effeminate men supporting Queen Hillary. Maybe that s why there s a certain amount of pleasure Hillary s  every day Americans  derive when they see a member of the mainstream media call them out on national t.v Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said a federal judge s ruling that Clinton and her top aides should be questioned under oath about the candidate s private email server is part of the ring wing s effort to hurt her chances of becoming president   he was then confronted with an inconvenient fact.Asked by CNN anchor Jake Tapper about the latest development in the months-long email scandal, Mook tried to dismiss the judge s ruling as a  right-wing  group s attempt to hurt Clinton s chances of becoming president.Tapper was quick to point out that Judge Emmett Sullivan, who sits on the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, was appointed by Clinton s own husband, Bill Clinton. It s the judge s decision to make,  Mook responded.  My point is this was promulgated by a right-wing group. Indeed, Sullivan was appointed to his current position in 1994 by then-President Bill Clinton.He was previously tapped in 1984 by President Ronald Reagan to serve as associate judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia. In 1991, he was appointed by President George H.W. Bush to serve as associate judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, before being elevated to his current job.Via:The Blazeh/t Weasel Zippers",0
14429,New Poll Shows Trump Beats GOP Candidate In His Home State,"This is YUGE for Trump and his supporters In a must-win state for any GOP candidate, this is the best news Trump could receive leading into Ohio s primary election A three-way race for the 66 delegates up for grabs in the Ohio Republican Presidential Primary is developing, and Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) is on the outside of that race looking in.An Ohio Primary poll published Tuesday by Quinnipiac shows Donald Trump leading the way with 31 percent support, followed by home state Gov. John Kasich, with 26 percent. Kasich is trailed by Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), holding 21 percent of supporters.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) is a distant fourth in Ohio. He sits at 13 percent. Dr. Ben Carson trails Rubio with only 5 percent of likely Ohio voters.Some 38 percent of respondents said they would consider changing their mind before the March 15 Primary, while 5 percent are currently undecided.Though Trump leads the way, he also leads on the negative side. A third of likely voters said they will  definitely not support  the businessman. The Donald Trump train begins the three-week campaign for Ohio s crucial delegates on the right track and holds a small lead over the Buckeye State s own governor, John Kasich,  said Peter A. Brown, the assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll, in a statement released with the survey.  A Kasich Ohio win is crucial to the Republicans trying to stop the New York businessman s nomination. If Trump can defeat Kasich in his home state, that would be an impressive demonstration of his strength in a state that is just now getting attention. But Trump s lead is just 5 points, certainly not large enough for him to breathe easy,  he added.The Quinnipiac poll surveyed 759 Ohio likely Republican primary voters with a margin of error of +/- 3.6 percent, and 518 Ohio likely Democratic primary voters with a margin of error of +/- 4.3 percent. Via: Breitbart News",0
14430,WHOA! BEN CARSON Just Made Most Controversial Remarks Of His Entire Campaign,"Will his comments about Barack Obama  race help or hurt his campaign? Do you agree with Carson? Do you think  Obama used all of the privileges afforded to him by his white mother and grandparents, then used  his  victim card  to gain support from black voters?Barack Obama was  raised white , Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson has claimed.Mr Carson said the president could not understand the African-American experience the way he could.Mr Obama was born to a white American mother and a black Kenyan father. Mr Carson s parents are African-American.The comments by Mr Carson   a retired neurosurgeon who finished last in South Carolina s primary   were criticised as  loose talk  by another Republican. He s an  African  American. He was, you know, raised white,  Mr Carson told a Politico podcast on Tuesday. Many of his formative years were spent in Indonesia. So, for him to, you know, claim that, you know, he identifies with the experience of black Americans, I think, is a bit of a stretch. But I also recognise that his experience and my experience are night-and-day different. He didn t grow up like I grew up by any stretch of the imagination,  he said.The 64-year-old had a poor upbringing in Detroit but made it to Yale before a brilliant career as a neurosurgeon.But he has been struggling in the Republican nomination race and finished sixth out of six in South Carolina at the weekend.Via:BBC",0
14431,THE SECRET PLAN The Democrats Have To Steal The 2016 Election [Video],"Loretta Lynch is much like Obama in that they both feel the ends justifies the means if it s for their political ideology. The eternally wronged believe they haven t gotten a fair shake and won t unless they change the rules of the game. In this case, it would be voting rights laws Yes, Loretta Lynch, Eric Holder s successor, is a big believer that Voter ID is racist. Just listen to this woman and understand that she s not representing anyone BUT her pet special interest groups   scary stuff! And the United States Department of Justice, under the direction of Attorney General Loretta Lynch, is helping them. On February 12, these groups filed a lawsuit in D.C. federal court seeking to reverse a recent decision by the U.S. Election Assistance Commission (EAC). The Commission s decision allows Kansas and other states, including Arizona and Georgia, to enforce state laws ensuring that only citizens register to vote when they use a federally designed registration form.Under federal law, the EAC is responsible for designing the federal voter-registration form required by the National Voter Registration Act, or Motor Voter, as it is commonly called. While states must register voters who use the federal form, states can ask the EAC to include instructions with the federal form about additional state registration requirements. Some states are now requiring satisfactory proof of citizenship to ensure that only citizens register to vote.Under Article I, Secion 2 and the Seventeenth Amendment to the Constitution, states have the power to set the  Qualification requisite for electors.  As with many issues, the Left disdains the balance the Framers adopted in the Constitution and objects to this delegation of power to the states. They prefer to see power over elector eligibility centralized in Washington, D.C.So when Arizona sought to include citizenship-verification requirements with voter-registration forms, the institutional Left   including the League of Women Voters, People for the American Way, Common Cause, Project Vote, and Chicanos for La Causa   brought a lawsuit claiming that the EAC hadn t approved such requirements. Incredibly, this fight over whether states can ensure that only citizens are voting went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court. In 2013 in Arizona v. Inter Tribal Council of Arizona, a divided Court said that Arizona could not implement such a requirement unless and until the EAC agreed to change the instructions for use of the federal form to include the Arizona requirements. Incredibly, this fight over whether states can ensure that only citizens are voting went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court.However, the majority opinion in that case, written by Justice Antonin Scalia, stipulated that if the EAC refused Arizona s request to accommodate the proof-of-citizenship requirement, the state could sue the EAC and establish in court that  a mere oath will not suffice to effectuate its citizenship requirement and that the EAC is therefore under a nondiscretionary duty to include Arizona s concrete evidence requirement on the Federal Form.  The Court went so far as to say that Arizona could also claim that a refusal by the EAC would be  arbitrary,  since the agency  has accepted a similar instruction requested by Louisiana.  Indeed, the Court noted, the EAC had  recently approved a state-specific instruction for Louisiana requiring applicants who lack a Louisiana driver s license, ID card, or Social Security number to attach additional documentation  to the federal voter-registration form.Alice Miller, who was not an EAC commissioner, but only the acting executive director, denied the request. It s not even clear that Miller had the right to make this   or any other   decision. At the time, a quorum did not exist on the bipartisan, four-member independent commission. And that decision is starting to look even more suspect. It seems that Miller may not have been the one who actually made the decision after all. Sources inside the Justice Department tell me that, in fact, it was partisan, left-wing lawyers in the Voting Section of the Civil Rights Division at the Justice Department who actually drafted the denial letter. This is significant for several reasons.First, the EAC is supposed to be an independent federal agency. While the president is empowered to nominate commissioners for the two Democratic and two Republican commission slots, in practice the president consults with the majority leader of the Senate (Mitch McConnell) and the speaker of the House of Representatives (Paul Ryan), as well as the leaders of the minority party in both houses, to pick the nominees. Because the EAC deals with federal election administration, the legislation establishing the agency   the 2002 Help America Vote Act   was designed so as to provide the EAC with political balance and to be outside the president s control.Allowing lawyers for the highly partisan Voting Section to write agency policy obliterates all semblance of independence and bipartisan balance. The Voting Section of the Civil Rights Division has become one of the most controversial and ideological components in the entire U.S. government. It is the same cadre of lawyers that dismissed a voter-intimidation charge against members of the New Black Panther Party who physically threatened voters in Philadelphia to help President Barack Obama get elected in 2008; that has waged a war on voter ID and other election-integrity measures; and that has refused to enforce the Voting Rights Act in a race-neutral manner as called for by the plain text of the statute.It was Voting Section lawyers who fought in federal court to keep Kansas from enforcing a similar state law to ensure that only citizens registered to vote. One of those lawyers, Bradley Heard, engaged in potentially unethical conduct when he tweeted on his private Twitter account his impressions of the federal judge after a hearing in Kansas. Justice Department lawyers are not allowed to use social media to share with the public confidential assessments about the cases on which they work. According to a source, Heard s actions prompted a quick internal memo from DOJ ethics officials reminding Voting Section lawyers they may not take to social media to bash Kansas and talk about ongoing Justice Department litigation.On the Twitter account that landed Heard in hot water, he calls himself a  Voting Rights Gladiator . . . Outside Agitator.  Before joining the Voting Section, Heard worked for a number of years at the Advancement Project, a radical left-wing voting organization. The Advancement Project has worked closely with the ACLU, NAACP LDF, Lawyers  Committee for Civil Rights, and other liberal advocates to oppose voter-ID statutes, felon-disenfranchisement laws, and citizenship-verification regulations, and has adopted extreme positions on many other state and federal voting-rights laws.Read more: NR",0
14432,CUCKOO! BERNIE SANDERS SUPPORTER Gets Hammered By Stuart Varney! [Video],Stuart Varney hammers a cuckoo super delegate for Bernie Sanders after she spouts off about the freebies she ll get if Sanders is elected president. ,0
14433,OBAMA PUTS AMERICANS IN GRAVE DANGER With New Plan To Close GITMO And Move Prisoners To U.S.,"Well, we ve known this was coming even with opposition to close GITMO Obama has wanted to close GITMO since elected and has pushed for it repeatedly. Recently, he s been releasing prisoners at a fast pace not good because 30% of those released rejoin the jihadi cause of terrorism. Yes, out president is putting his desire to fulfill a campaign promise over the safety of the American people.The Pentagon is expected to submit to Congress Tuesday President Barack Obama s plan to shutter the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay.The president, who campaigned in 2009 to shut down the U.S. naval facility in Cuba, is hoping to make good on his promise, which is sure to ignite a partisan battle on Capitol Hill.Pentagon spokesman Navy Capt. Jeff Davis said the Obama administration will meet the Tuesday deadline for sending Congress a proposal for closing the facility, which still houses 91 detainees. The plan is to submit to Congress what our thoughts are on the issue and what we see is a way ahead necessary to achieve the closure of Guantanamo and to specifically point out the need for legislative relief,  Davis told The Hill.According to Davis, the White House s plan is to transfer away as many detainees, and bring the remainder to the U.S., a step that is opposed by many in Congress, particularly within the Republican Party.For many years, lawmakers have banned any transfer of detainees into the United States. In addition, they have placed restrictions on transfers to other countries, insisting that Gitmo detainees pose a threat to national security.However, some in Congress, including Arizona Sen. John McCain (R), have said they are open to the possibility of bringing detainees into the U.S. as long as the president submits a plan by Feb. 23.The Pentagon began its search for U.S. sites where detainees could be held. Those locations include federal facilities in Colorado, South Carolina and Kansas.Other lawmakers, though, are opposed to the plan.  Today s news reports indicate that the president is doubling down on a dangerous plan to close Guantanamo   a move that I will continue to fight in the Senate,  Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.) said Monday in a statement.Congressional approval is likely the only way in which Obama could achieve his goal of closing the Cuban facility.Read more: The Blaze",0
14434,"GA SUPREME COURT Denies KKK Right To “Adopt A Highway”…While IL City “Unanimously, Proudly” Names Street After Black Panther","Is our government telling us certain hate groups are more acceptable than others?Does the Ku Klux Klan have a constitutional right to  adopt a highway ?That question was at the center of a high-profile battle Monday before the Georgia Supreme Court, where the Klan is challenging the state s refusal to let it participate in the popular Adopt-A-Highway program.The hate group, with the American Civil Liberties Union by its side, is casting its bid as a free speech issue. The government cannot be a censor of free speech,  Alan Berger, an attorney for the International Keystone Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, said.But the Georgia Department of Transportation has resisted the KKK s efforts ever since 2012 to join the program.For its part, GDOT maintains it should be allowed to exclude certain groups from the program   and stands by its claim that the KKK s  long rooted history of civil disturbance  would  cause a significant public concern. Monday s arguments centered around Georgia s claim of so-called sovereign immunity   a legal doctrine that shields the state from civil suit or criminal prosecution. The state had appealed a lower court decision by Judge Shawn LaGrua, who ruled Georgia was not protected against the KKK suit because the group claimed the discrimination involved a violation of its constitutional rights. The state denied the application, not because of safety hazard or some other compelling government interest, but because the state disagrees with what the KKK represents,  Maya Dillard Smith, executive director of the ACLU of Georgia, told FoxNews.com.  It is precisely this kind of government action the Constitution prohibits. While Smith admits that many people who hear about the case have a  visceral reaction  to it, she warns its outcome could have a dangerous ripple effect. What may seem as chipping away only at the KKK s free speech right, will, in fact, open Pandora s box and create legal precedent that justifies curtailing the free speech rights of religious evangelicals, abortion protestors and even Black Lives Matter supporters and opponents,  she said.A judgment is not expected for a couple of months, Berger told FoxNews.com following Monday s oral arguments. In the meantime, GDOT has suspended Adopt-a-Highway applications.This isn t the first time a state has gone rounds with the white supremacist group.In 1994, Missouri tried to block the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan from participating in its Adopt-A-Highway program.The group   which excludes anyone who is black, Jewish, Mexican or Asian   had requested a half-mile section of road on Interstate 55, one of the routes that had been used to bus black students to school as part of desegregation efforts near St. Louis.The state denied the KKK s request.In that case, lawyers for the state unsuccessfully argued that it had a right to control its own speech and that allowing the Klan to participate would violate the 1964 Civil Rights Act s ban on racial discrimination in federally funded programs.The U.S. Supreme Court refused to hear the case, thereby forcing the state to allow the group to take part in its  Adopt-A-Highway  program. However, the state later kicked the group out, saying it failed to do its job and pick up the litter on its adopted stretch of highway. Via: FOX NewsSo what about the YMCA which houses the Fred Hampton Aquatic Center on former Oak Street  In Maywood, IL that was officially named after Black Panther, Fred Hampton who was slain in a police raid in 2007. September 9, 2007From now on, Oak Street in Maywood will be known as Fred Hampton Way.Relatives of the slain Black Panther leader joined congressmen, activists and Maywood residents Saturday to dedicate the street and a statue of Hampton that now sits in front of the Fred Hampton Family Aquatic Center.Last year, efforts to name a street on Chicago s West Side for Hampton failed amid controversy that Hampton and the Panthers advocated violence against police.But there was no such debate in Maywood, whose mayor, Henderson Yarbrough, said the village council  unanimously, proudly  voted to give Hampton his due. There ought to be some footprints in the sand in relation to this man,  said the Rev. Al Sampson, one of about 75 people at the ceremony.  Fred Hampton represents part of the tradition of liberation freedom fighters. Killed in police raid in  69 Maywood s police chief attended the event, along with U.S. Representatives Danny Davis and Bobby Rush, a co-founder of the Illinois Black Panther Party.Hampton, who grew up in Maywood, and fellow Panther Mark Clark were gunned down by Chicago Police in a 1969 raid at Hampton s apartment. Hampton had helped bring the Illinois chapter of the Black Panther Party to national prominence and also brokered a nonaggression pact between gangs. ",0
14435,LEFTIST PROTESTOR CUTS ELECTRICITY To Trump Rally…Trump’s EPIC Response Proves The Left Can’t Defeat Him,"Every time Trump makes lemons from lemonade, the crowd loves him even more. The Left needs to give it up. They re only shining a light on the dirty tactics they re willing to use (like their personal favorite, voter fraud) to ensure they keep the dream of socialism alive GOP frontrunner Donald Trump doesn t miss a beat as the lights go out in the middle of his speech at a packed convention center in Atlanta.The Trump supporters lined up three hours early to get inside the Georgia World Congress Center.A far left protester cut the electricity at the Trump Rally on Sunday.The protester reportedly reached over and pulled the wire when the technician stepped away from the control panel.This could have been a dangerous situation but instead of being angry GOP frontrunner Donald Trump made the most of it. They didn t pay the electric bill. Oh, I like that much better. Oh, those lights were brutal. Did they come from the dishonest press? Oh, don t turn them on. Better huh? Don t turn them on. Plus we save on electricity. Right? And because the lights didn t work I won t pay the rent. So we get better lighting and we don t pay the rent, right?The crowd goes wild Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
14436,HOLLYWOOD IS SECRETLY Throwing Their Support Behind Trump,"American Psycho author, Bret Easton Ellis let the cat out of the bag on Twitter. Even the Hollywood millennials were coming out in support of Trump:And then there s this guy from the UK who says he s,  genuinely scared that he [Trump] may become potus.  Many on the thread (including 100% FED UP!) reminded this UK citizen he should be more concerned about the Islamization of the UK than a President Trump in the US:",0
14437,BUSTED! GUESS WHO DEFENDED The Senate’s Role In Supreme Court Confirmations…Until Now,"THE MAIN STREAM MEDIA CHOOSES to ignore the facts about many of the statements made by key Senators, Obama and Biden in the past regarding  Supreme Court confirmations in an election year. The key players who re now crying  racism  and partisanship were once staunch defenders of NOT confirming a Supreme Court nominee in an election year. Please spread this very important information around so that ALL Americans can see what hypocrites these men are. It s all about politics and power The five highest-ranking Democrats in the nation once staunchly defended the Senate s constitutional role in the Supreme Court confirmation process. Or at least they did, until now.Now, President Obama, Vice President Joe Biden, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, Senate Democratic Conference Vice Chairman Chuck Schumer, and Senate Judiciary Committee Ranking Member Patrick Leahy are suddenly ignoring the constitutional role that the Senate is mandated in the Supreme Court confirmation process.President Obama is demanding a rushed confirmation of his eventual nominee. He along with Vice President Biden, and Senators Reid, Schumer, and Leahy are not only ignoring the Constitution but also historic precedent that since at least 1880 stands firmly on the side to giving the American people a voice in choosing who the next Supreme Court justice will be when a vacancy arises in a Presidential election year.But let s look at what each of these men did and said when they were in the Senate faced with confirming Supreme Court nominees (not in an election year, where historic precedent favors delaying confirmation until the next officeholder, but in the middle of a President s term in office).President Obama:Then-Senator Obama actually voted against Justice Alito s confirmation to the Supreme Court, taking a leading role in an attempted filibuster against his nomination, something the White House now mysteriously says he  regrets. Regret was hardly the word to describe his position at the time. He eloquently described his view of the significant role played by the Senate in the Supreme Court confirmation process: It would appear that President Obama is one of the  some who believe that the president, having won the election, should have complete authority to appoint his nominee  and that the Senate s role is merely a rubber stamp. Though his position has changed, I don t believe the words of the Constitution have.Vice President Joe Biden:When then-Senator Biden chaired the Senate Judiciary Committee, he nearly invented the filibuster of Supreme Court nominees. It was he who created the concept of  Borking  a nominee as he prevented President Reagan s pick of Judge Robert Bork from being confirmed to the bench. Then-Senator Biden proclaimed: The framers clearly intended the Senate to serve as a check on the president and guarantee the independence of the judiciary,  Mr. Biden said in August 1987 in defense of his newfound opposition to Judge Bork.  The Senate has an undisputed right to consider judicial philosophy.  Under Mr. Biden s leadership, holding up nominations to the nation s appeals courts also became a routine exercise. In 1988, the Senate Judiciary Committee delayed 17 months before refusing to confirm law professor and scholar Bernard Siegan to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals because of his libertarian positions on economic issues. . . . By 1992, 64 judicial nominees were stuck in the senatorial muck waiting for the Judiciary Committee to give them a yea or nay.A once judicial obstructionist of legend is now mostly forgotten by today s mainstream media.In 2005, Senator Biden explained his philosophy at length: At its core, the filibuster is not about stopping a nominee or a bill, it s about compromise and moderation. The nuclear option extinguishes the power of independents and moderates in the Senate. That s it, they re done. Moderates are important if you need to get to 60 votes to satisfy cloture; they are much less so if you only need 50 votes. Let s set the historical record straight. Never has the Senate provided for a certainty that 51 votes could put someone on the bench or pass legislation. A year later, Senator Biden quipped,  I think a filibuster makes sense when you have a prospect of actually succeeding.  When Justice Alito s nomination came before his committee, he declared,  If he really believes that reapportionment is a questionable decision . . . then clearly, clearly, you ll find a lot of people, including me, willing to do whatever they can to keep him off the court . . . . That would include a filibuster, if need be. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid:As Senate Majority Leader, Reid slashed much of the Senate s historic role in confirming judges by invoking the  nuclear option    removing the filibuster from the confirmation process of many judgeships, but notably not the Supreme Court.Of course Senator Reid has been the leader of political partisanship, flip-flopping on the judicial confirmation process more than anyone else in the Senate. After leading the filibuster against President Bush s nominee to a circuit court judgeship, Miguel Estrada, and vehemently opposing the  nuclear option,  he then invoked the  nuclear option  to remove the filibuster when his party took the Senate and the White House.But one thing Senator Reid has said stands out. Judicial nominations are so important that the Senate s constitutional role is  at best, we move slowly  in the confirmation process. And in regard to its constitutionally prescribed  advice and consent  on Supreme Court nominations, he chided,  The Senate will enact its will. Senate Democrat Conference Vice Chairman Chuck SchumerSenator Schumer has been one of the most outspoken promoters of the Senate s power in the nomination process, taking that position to the extreme.In 2007, he declared that the Senate  should not confirm a [Bush] Supreme Court nominee EXCEPT in extraordinary circumstances.  He continued:  We should reverse the presumption of confirmation. The Supreme Court is dangerously out of balance. We cannot afford to see Justice Stevens replaced by another Roberts; or Justice Ginsburg by another Alito. Of course, he too quickly abandoned this position this week.Senate Judiciary Committee Ranking Member Patrick Leahy:Senator Leahy is probably the clearest supporter of the historic precedent against Supreme Court justices being confirmed in an election year.December 2006:  The Thurmond Rule, in memory of Strom Thurmond   he put this in when the Republicans were in the minority, which said that in a presidential election year, after spring, no judges would go through except by the consent of both the Republican and Democratic [leaders]. I want to be bipartisan. We will institute the Thurmond Rule, yes. Read more: Red State",0
14438,NAME OF REPUBLICAN BILLIONAIRE DONOR Committed To Taking Down Trump Is Exposed…Will It Affect Her Business?,"In a city who has a record of electing corrupt Democrats, perhaps this news won t even register to many Chicago residents. But with Trump fever spreading across America, and crossing over into every demographic including dyed in the wool Democrats, this business woman s commitment to working behind the scenes to take down Trump can t be good for business A single billionaire provided the lion s share of the money to the main Republican super-PAC set up to destroy Donald Trump.Marlene Ricketts, the matriarch of the Ricketts family that owns the Chicago Cubs baseball team, contributed $3 million to the anti-Trump super-PAC  Our Principles PAC,  which is being run by former Mitt Romney adviser Katie Packer.The super-PAC has spent more than $4 million running attack ads against the GOP front-runner in Iowa, New Hampshire, and South Carolina. It is the only serious anti-Trump group to date, in a campaign cycle where Republicans have been reluctant to take on their front-runner.Here is an example of their latest ad. What are your thoughts? Are his past comments fair play, or is this just a hatchet job designed to knock him out and pave the way for an establishment Republican?https://youtu.be/MBpIkIyxdJ8Until now, the identities of the donors funding Our Principles PAC had been kept secret, fueling the rumor mill in Washington. But the Federal Election Commission reveals that almost all the money came from Ricketts. The donor s identity was first reported by The New York Times. Via: The Hill ",0
14439,"HOLY WIDOWS AND ORPHANS! Over 5,000 ISIS Trained Jihadi’s Living Freely In Europe","Europe s new new take on our Statue of Liberty s poem: Give us your Sharia Law enforcers, your rapists and your trained ISIS jihadi s Unless we get a new President with a backbone and fight back against political correctness in America we re next. We can start by exposing the lie Obama told Americans about the Muslim invasion of the West, calling the male refugees looking for a free ride,  widows and orphans! As many as 5,000 trained jihadis are believed to be living freely in Europe today, according to the head of the European Union s policing agency Europol.Agency head Ron Wainwright said between 3,000 and 5,000 jihadis who have trained with the Islamic State (ISIS/ISIL) in the Middle East have been able to slip back into Europe. Europe is currently facing the highest terror threat in more than 10 years,  Wainwright said, speaking to the Germany newspaper Neue Osnabrucker Zeitung.  We can expect [ISIS] or other religious terror groups to stage an attack somewhere in Europe with the aim of achieving mass casualties among the civilian population. However, Wainwright said reports that the Islamic State is using the refugee/migrant crisis to sneak jihadis into Europe have been exaggerated. There is no concrete evidence terrorists are systematically using the flow of refugees to infiltrate Europe,  he commented.Meanwhile, in Hungary, police reported an increasing number of migrants have been able to circumvent the four-meter, barbed-wire fence to enter the country illegally. In January, 550 people were caught trying to pass the fence compared to 270 in December. During the first 20 days of February, 1,200 people were caught.Those that have succeeded have either cut the fence or climber over it.Also in Hungary, the central bank recently bought 112 handguns and 200,000 rounds of ammunition for its security company. The National Bank of Hungary justified its purchases citing potential terrorist threats as well as the migrant crisis.The bank controls the country s monetary policy, including price stability and exchange rates, and manages Hungary s foreign-exchange reserves. Its profits are paid into the government s budget and its losses are covered by taxpayers.Via: ClarionProjecth/t UK Daily Mail",0
14440,"NOT SO FUNNY GUY, WILL FERRELL Throws His Support Behind Cankles…","Supporting Hillary is about as funny as an ebola outbreak in America Will Ferrell no longer  feels the Bern. The 48-year-old actor-comedian appeared alongside former President Bill Clinton in Nevada on Saturday to urge residents to caucus for Hillary Clinton   despite being one of the earliest celebrity endorsers of her rival for the Democrat presidential nomination, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT)16% .On Saturday, Clinton s campaign tweeted a short video of Ferrell asking Nevadans to  caucus for Hillary  ahead of the state s nominating contest, a contest Clinton ultimately won by a narrow margin.Will Ferrell has a message for you, Nevada: Caucus for Hillary today at 11AM. Your location: https://t.co/39foMYsmhfhttps://t.co/FGIu9RkgXg  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 20, 2016 It s really important that everyone shows up to caucus,  the comedian tells Clinton supporters in the short clip. Ferrell is also seen sampling  amazing  chocolate custard frozen yogurt and reminding supporters of the 11 a.m. caucus start time.Ferrell s name was among those listed at Artists for Bernie, a coalition of more than 120 entertainment industry figures who are publicly supporting Sanders s presidential run.Ferrell s name, which had been on the list since its release in September, has now disappeared and a spokesperson for Clinton s campaign told CNN that the funnyman has donated to Clinton and will co-host a fundraiser for the former Secretary of State in Los Angeles on Monday.Ferrell joins other celebrity Clinton supporters including Lena Dunham, Katy Perry, Elton John, Tom Hanks and Barbra Streisand, while Sanders has earned the support of some of the Hollywood community s more progressive stars, including Mark Ruffalo, Sarah Silverman, Danny DeVito, Susan Sarandon and members of the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Via: Breitbart News",0
14441,"CHILD PORN, JIHADI WEBSITES Found On Phone After “12 Year Old” Migrant Assaults Foster Parent","Doesn t America already have enough legal citizens who are experts at gaming our system to maximize their benefits? Do we really need to import rapists and violent criminals who have no valid identification or past criminal history, so they can steal from working Americans as well?An Afghan who claimed to be just 12 is revealed to be in his twenties after assaulting his British foster father.The Afghan teen, who had arrived in Britain illegally via Calais, was actually registered as a child but after a dental examination found that he had rotting wisdom teeth, a dentist suggested he was more likely to be an adult.The revelation came after another British carer also reported that she was sexually assaulted by an alleged teen she was looking after.MPs have now called for new rules regarding age assessment for immigrants despite a petition backed by celebrities such as actor Benedict Cumberbatch and Virgin tycoon Richard Branson saying that refugee children should be reunited with their British relatives.If they enter Britain as children, asylum seekers are immediately put into the care of social services which often leaves youngsters separated from their parents for long periods of time.Conservative MP for Monmouth David Davies spoke to MailOnline about an attack on one of his female constituents who was looking after the  12-year-old  immigrant.The Afghan was taken in by the Welsh foster family but refused to live by their rules and would skip school and disappear for long periods.He told social services that he wished to move to Bristol but when told he would have to live with a foster family, he became angry and attacked his foster father.It was after the fracas that the man s phone was confiscated and indecent images of children and visits to Jihadi websites were found.Mr Davies said:  They did a dental check on him and discovered that his wisdom teeth were rotting. The dentist said he had to be in at least his 20s but the Home Office strike people down to 16 if they don t know what their age is for certain, so he was listed as 16. Mr Davies said that Britain was being fooled by fraudster immigrants who knew how to play our system. Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
14442,WOW! WIGGLE ROOM: Great Ad Hammers Clinton On Lies [VIDEO],This ad by the Republican Party nails Hillary on the lies: ,0
14443,BIG NAME REPUBLICAN CANDIDATE SUSPENDS CAMPAIGN,Jeb Bush suspends his campaign doing the  honorable  thing. The pundits are calling his loss  Bush fatigue  by the voters.Jeb Bush stepped up at a difficult and emotional moment with lots of class.It s over!,0
14444,"HIPPIE THROWBACK: VIDEO AND PHOTOS Emerge Of Socialist Punk, Bernie Sanders Being Cuffed And Arrested","Pathetic little basement dweller and original Occupier, turned Democrat Party Presidential hopeful. Is it any wonder young indoctrinated college students adore him? Just wait until they get there first paycheck. Just watch how quickly they feel the #Bern when 90% of their paycheck has been given away to someone the government deems  more deserving. The photo of Bernie s arrest surfaced this week from a Chicago protest in August 1063.Here s Bernie being arrested at civil rights rally. It doesn t look like Bernie has many friends willing to help him out of his jam:** After leaving school Bernie was a bum who didn t earn his first steady paycheck until age 40. Bernie would use an extension cord and steal electricity from a neighbor because he couldn t keep his lights on.Bernie s friends said he was a slob who lived in a shack with a dirt floor. He later wrote about masturbation and rape for left-wing rags for $50 a story.Bernie had his electricity cut off a lot so he d run an extension cord down to the basement. He couldn t pay his bills.Today Bernie is running for president so he can redistribute your money.The LA Times reported:A Chicago Tribune archival photo of a young man being arrested in 1963 at a South Side protest is Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders, his campaign has confirmed, bolstering the candidate s narrative about his civil rights activism.The black-and-white photo shows a 21-year-old Sanders, then a University of Chicago student, being taken by Chicago police toward a police wagon. An acetate negative of the photo was found in the Tribune s archives, said Marianne Mather, a Chicago Tribune photo editor. Bernie identified it himself,  said Tad Devine, a senior adviser to the campaign, adding that Sanders looked at a digital image of the photo.  He looked at it   he actually has his student ID from the University of Chicago in his wallet   and he said,  Yes, that indeed is (me).  Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, was traveling Friday near Reno, Nev., on the eve of the state s Democratic presidential caucuses. via: Gateway Pundit",0
14445,FEMALE VETERAN Slays Hillary In a Few Short Minutes [Video],This is great! We love it when young women get it! ,0
14446,"[VIDEO] THEY BURNED DOWN CITIES…14 Yr Old Doused A Non-White Baltimore Business Owner With Lighter Fluid, Lit Him On Fire…Barack Obama Thanked Them Yesterday","Barack and Michelle Obama had some unusual  honored guests  meet with them at the White House yesterday in honor of  Black History Month. First we had the first government funded (via Eric Holder)Trayvon Martin protests led by the radical Black Panthers group in Florida. Next came the violent riots against cops and non-blacks over the death of thug, Michael Brown that left the town of Ferguson in shreds. On the heels of Ferguson we saw masses of unruly protestors shutting down major bridges in NYC over the death of Eric Garner. NYC will forever be known as the city where the first violent thug, inspired by the Black Lives Matter movement, took the lives of two law enforcement officers.  The hate and violence against police officers and non-blacks only increased in Baltimore as innocent business owners, like the one in this video, who was doused by lighter fluid and lit on fire by a 14 year old girl inspired by the Black Lives Matter movement (See video HERE).America s watched an Asian reporter attacked and bullied by protestors at Univ. of Missouri assigned to covering the ridiculous hunger strike protest against unfair treatment by a student, who it was later discovered is the son of multi-millionaire railroad tycoon.  We ve watched innocent families in restaurants feel threatened by Black Lives Matter bullies during their #BlackLivesMatterBrunch disruptions.  We ve watched the hypocrisy of the Black Lives Matter movement when they were caught on video, When they shut down an Asian girl after taking to the microphone to recall a story of discrimination she faced by blacks.The last straw for many was the half-time show during the 2016 Super Bowl featuring Beyonce in a cop-hating, Black Panther promoting disgraceful show. Neither the NFL or our  President  would respond to Americans after the outrage her performance made many in America feel. Instead, our  President  Barack Obama invited some of the top race agitators and Black Lives Matter organizers to our White House where he PRAISED their activity. If this were a novel written eight years ago, no one would have bought it, because it would have been too unbelievable to be true. Sadly, where this  President  is concerned the truth is truly stranger than fiction.Watch Obama praise their  outstanding  work here: ",0
14447,MICHELLE AND BARACK OBAMA Had Time For This “Circus” But No Time For Justice Scalia? [Video],President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama hosted a reception for Black History Month in the East Room of the White House on Thursday . ,0
14448,GAG! HOLLYWOOD LATINOS Gush Over Hillary In Nevada Race Against Sanders: “I’d like to Netflix and chill with her”,"Pandering is what Hillary does best. First it was the black vote with her meeting with Al Sharpton and now it s the Latino vote in Nevada. This is such a dog and pony show! None of this matters if Hillary still wins the super delegates. At least Bill gets to have fun Hillary Clinton s campaign has received a much needed shot of glamour with actresses America Ferrera and Eva Longoria speaking at her final pre-caucus rally as Clinton made a last ditch bid to secure Nevada s Latino vote. With just hours to go before the state becomes the  first in the west  to caucus for the Democrats, and polls showing Clinton in a statistical tie with Bernie Sanders, the Latino vote has become the key demographic to win, making up 27.8 percent of the state s population. America Ferrera, 31, was the first to speak to the crowd of more than 600 supporters who had gathered on the grass of Clark County Government Center Amphitheater on the chill February evening.Flanked by a suitably diverse blend of loyalists spanning every demographic and invited to sit square in the line of cameras there to record the event, America asked:  Who s ready for Hillary? I am so ready for Hillary.  In comments designed to rebut criticisms that the campaign has notably failed to connect with young voters or convince others that Hillary possesses warmth and likability, America said:  I m a millennial, female voter and I m not only for Hillary but really like Hillary.  She s the kind of person I want to share a bottle of wine with. I really heart Hillary I d like to Netflix and chill with her. Maybe because I am an American Latina who has experienced first hand the kind of inequities Hillary has spent her career trying to fix.  She continued:  Hillary stood with Latinos even before the Latino vote was desirable. Read more: Daily Mail",0
14449,[WATCH] Donald Trump Finds YUGE Support From Unlikely Fan In SC: “I’m A Muslim…And I’m For Trump!”,"As GOP candidate, Donald Trump walked through a packed group of supporters at a rally in SC, he was approached by a man who yelled out,  I m a Muslim and I support this man all the way!   The media has spent an enormous amount of time trying to convince voters that Trump will never get the Muslim vote because of the  hate  he has earned from the Muslim community, after saying we need to stop allowing un-vetted Muslim refugees to enter our country.Look for this exchange to be used in future Trump ads:",0
14450,"COUGHING, BARKING, SCREECHING: Hillary Has Democrats in a State of Panic [Video]","Democrats are in panic mode since Hillary Clinton s been coughing, barking and screeching on the campaign trail. This video from Rush Limbaugh is pretty darn funny:Health questions have been raised since Hillary has been having repeated coughing fits. The funny thing is that CNN covered for her by saying she was  choked up  during her speech.HILLARY HAS A COUGHING FIT DURING NEW YORK SPEECH: ",0
14451,WHY MOM EMPLOYED BY DISNEY Is Calling Them “Bullies”…Voting For Trump To Stand Up To Them,"We can t say for sure, but we re guessing the truth about  the happiest place on earth  is about to be exposed by the Donald I m doing this because I don t like bullies,  Dena Moore says, explaining why she  as one of the American Disney workers who was laid off and forced to train her low-wage H-1B foreign replacement  is now launching a discrimination lawsuit against the corporation. You can t let a bully continue to be the bully. Someone had to say:  Slavery isn t right, I think I ll stand up against it.  Someone had to say:  We shouldn t [mistreat] our women. I think I ll stand up.  Someone had to stand up. That s what I m hoping that my work is doing. There s a lot of people who are just afraid,  Moore tells Breitbart in an exclusive telephone interview.Yet this sentiment also explains why Moore, a constituent of Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) now says she s casting her ballot for GOP frontrunner Donald Trump:  Trump is standing up to the bullies. The American people are now the weak ones being bullied,  Moore explains.  The everyday working person needs a champion  and you d never think to say that. Who would ever think a day would come when we would have to say that? But the middle class needs a champion  we need a union that will protect us  and Donald Trump is that champion. He is champion who stands up to the bullies to protect the weak, he stands up for us  he stands up. When you stand up to the bullies you have to stay strong,  Moore explained.  You re not always going to be well-liked, and it takes you a little while to be heard. Maybe you ll make mistakes, but you have to get past the media s  let me pick you apart  stage and recognize that this person is standing up to the bullies. I will be voting for Trump,  Moore said emphatically.  If we don t want to become the next third world country  to me  we need somebody whose a business man to run the country. I never realized the laws behind it,  Moore says of the nation s rampant visa policies that allowed her and her colleagues to be replaced by foreign workers.  I didn t know what I didn t know. And Trump has brought this to the forefront. This is probably happening in more than 50 percent of workplaces. As Americans, we re becoming the minority, we re becoming the underpaid workers, who have to now go find a different position. Moore, at 53 is a mother of four and grandmother of 13. She had been working for Disney just shy of ten years, when out of the blue she was called into a meeting and informed that she along with hundreds of her American colleagues were being let go and would be replaced with foreign workers, whom they would have to train. These foreign workers had been brought into the country on the controversial wage-depressing H-1B visa.In the course of the interview, Moore discussed the toll this news took on her  extended family her colleagues at Disney who could not recover from the stress of the blow. People often tell me,  You don t seem devastated enough.  I am, but I don t live my life that way,  Moore says.  I am Miss Sunshine. I m the energetic positive force.  Being devastated, Moore explains,  is just not in my nature. I bounce. But a lot of other people have not,  she says trailing off. Most people were devastated because they had worked at Disney for 30, 40 years. I fared better because I ve been a contractor my whole life. Disney was my first real job as an employee. But I had a friend who passed away after the situation. And I had another friend who was hospitalized with a heart condition. I truly believe it was from the stressful situation that we were all in. It was a family  the people I worked with  it was an extended family. And it got torn part. And not only for the people who left. People were devastated  you took a well-running machine and you just busted it up. We were afraid to come forward  we didn t want them to hoard anything against us,  Moore said of why so many of ex-Disney employees remained silent.Moore s Senator, Marco Rubio, has pushed to expand H-1B visas despite the fact that scores of his own constituents had just been displaced by the program.In 2015 Rubio introduced a bill to triple the number of H-1B visas. This bill known as the I-Squared bill  was endorsed by Disney CEO Bob Iger via his immigration lobbying firm. Disney is also one of Sen. Rubio s biggest financial boosters  having donated more than $2 million according to Open Secrets.While Rubio has pushed legislation that would help companies like Disney to bring in more even more H-1B foreign replacement, Trump has called on Disney to hire back all of its American employees. In October, Trump declared,  I am calling TODAY on Disney to hire back every one of the workers they replaced, and I am calling on Rubio to immediately rescind his sponsorship of the I-Squared bill and apologize to every Floridian for endorsing it. I am further calling on Rubio to return the money he has received from Silicon Valley CEOs and to donate the money to a charity helping unemployed Americans whose jobs Rubio has helped to destroy. While Trump has made clear that he will champion the interests of American workers,  Marco Rubio has never reached out to us,  Moore explained.  I do believe that politicians will always side with who pays them directly or indirectly,  Moore said of Rubio s financial ties to Disney.  I also believe they will say and do whatever it takes because they re not being held accountable. There s always an out for them  because that is what the American people have said politicians can do. During the exclusive interview, Moore recalled the events that led her to eventually call Sara Blackwell and begin her involvement in the lawsuit.Moore said that when Disney originally gathered the American employees together: We thought we were having a party. We did fantastic work. We were excited. We thought it was going to be a party, but then when we went down the hallways. We realized it wasn t a party but a meeting, suddenly we all knew that something good was not about to happen. It was that quick suddenly there was an ominous atmosphere Nobody they brought in was better than anybody they let go. Every one they brought in were  as we would describe  completely green, they were like interns, fresh out of nowhere [When they originally let me go], I was offered a position  it was a contract position for six months  I had a start date, I was entered in to the HR system, etc. but two days before I was supposed to come in to start, HR called and said,  You can t come in because executives are reviewing your position. Four weeks later after not hearing from them I called Sara [Blackwell, the attorney for American workers  in the lawsuit against Disney]. Moore said that she is grateful for Trump s firm position on immigration:  I m not prejudiced. I have lots of diversity in my friend group, but I don t think you can come into my country, take my resources and not only be granted to stay here  but tohave the red carpet rolled out for you by my politicians  What s bad is that because we have become this politically correct nation, if you say anything you sound like you re prejudiced. To me, Trump has done a really good job because it is so very easy to pull that  you re prejudiced  card, and that is not what this is about. It has to do with our economic resources and whether Americans get to benefit from them. I usually just vote Republican because I m a Republican,  Moore said.  I don t usually pay attention to politicians because they say whatever they need to say. I usually don t hold many politicians to what they say because they just say what people want to hear, but with a business person they don t play that political game. It makes you listen. They re used to being held accountable  they re used to having to prove themselves and perform. Via: Breitbart News",0
14452,HOW PRESIDENT EISENHOWER Solved The Illegal Immigration Problem In America,"Since this article was written in 2006, the illegal immigration crisis in America has exploded. Barack Obama, his fellow Democrats, leftist organizations (and even some Republicans beholden to corporations who desire cheap labor in America), have desperately tried to shame Americans into accepting amnesty as the only option to solve this crisis. One doesn t have to look too far to see how miserably they have failed. Americans are not interested in giving up our jobs, our national security or the future of our country so the Democrat party can have a monopoly on voters, or to make it easier for business and corporations to hire cheap labor.  It is no accident that Donald Trump experienced a meteoric rise in the polls after he boldly proclaimed he would make building a wall on our southern border a priority. The media tried to shame him, only causing him to double down, claiming he would not only build the biggest and best wall on our southern border, but he claimed that Mexico would pay for it. This article is for all of the naysayers who believe the illegal immigration crisis can t be solved. The problem can be solved. We just needed a President with a backbone, who loves his country, is willing to take bold moves to secure our nation and most of all, a President who truly believes Americans come first.Over fifty years ago, when newly elected Dwight Eisenhower moved into the White House, America s southern frontier was as porous as a spaghetti sieve. As many as 3 million illegal migrants had walked and waded northward over a period of several years for jobs in California, Arizona, Texas, and points beyond.President Eisenhower cut off this illegal traffic. He did it quickly and decisively with only 1,075 United States Border Patrol agents   less than one-tenth of today s force. The operation is still highly praised among veterans of the Border Patrol.Although there is little to no record of this operation in Ike s official papers, one piece of historic evidence indicates how he felt. In 1951, Ike wrote a letter to Sen. William Fulbright (D) of Arkansas. The senator had just proposed that a special commission be created by Congress to examine unethical conduct by government officials who accepted gifts and favors in exchange for special treatment of private individuals.General Eisenhower, who was gearing up for his run for the presidency, said  Amen  to Senator Fulbright s proposal. He then quoted a report in The New York Times, highlighting one paragraph that said:  The rise in illegal border-crossing by Mexican  wetbacks  to a current rate of more than 1,000,000 cases a year has been accompanied by a curious relaxation in ethical standards extending all the way from the farmer-exploiters of this contraband labor to the highest levels of the Federal Government. Years later, the late Herbert Brownell Jr., Eisenhower s first attorney general, said in an interview with this writer that the president had a sense of urgency about illegal immigration when he took office.America  was faced with a breakdown in law enforcement on a very large scale,  Mr. Brownell said.  When I say large scale, I mean hundreds of thousands were coming in from Mexico [every year] without restraint. Although an on-and-off guest-worker program for Mexicans was operating at the time, farmers and ranchers in the Southwest had become dependent on an additional low-cost, docile, illegal labor force of up to 3 million, mostly Mexican, laborers.According to the Handbook of Texas Online, published by the University of Texas at Austin and the Texas State Historical Association, this illegal workforce had a severe impact on the wages of ordinary working Americans.The Handbook Online reports that a study by the President s Commission on Migratory Labor in Texas in 1950 found that cotton growers in the Rio Grande Valley, where most illegal aliens in Texas worked, paid wages that were  approximately half  the farm wages paid elsewhere in the state.Profits from illegal labor led to the kind of corruption that apparently worried Eisenhower. Joseph White, a retired 21-year veteran of the Border Patrol, says that in the early 1950s, some senior US officials overseeing immigration enforcement  had friends among the ranchers,  and agents  did not dare  arrest their illegal workers.Walt Edwards, who joined the Border Patrol in 1951, tells a similar story. He says:  When we caught illegal aliens on farms and ranches, the farmer or rancher would often call and complain [to officials in El Paso]. And depending on how politically connected they were, there would be political intervention. That is how we got into this mess we are in now. Bill Chambers, who worked for a combined 33 years for the Border Patrol and the then-called US Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS), says politically powerful people are still fueling the flow of illegals.During the 1950s, however, this  Good Old Boy  system changed under Eisenhower   if only for about 10 years.In 1954, Ike appointed retired Gen. Joseph  Jumpin  Joe  Swing, a former West Point classmate and veteran of the 101st Airborne, as the new INS commissioner.Influential politicians, including Sen. Lyndon B. Johnson (D) of Texas and Sen. Pat McCarran (D) of Nevada, favored open borders, and were dead set against strong border enforcement, Brownell said. But General Swing s close connections to the president shielded him   and the Border Patrol   from meddling by powerful political and corporate interests.One of Swing s first decisive acts was to transfer certain entrenched immigration officials out of the border area to other regions of the country where their political connections with people such as Senator Johnson would have no effect.Then on June 17, 1954, what was called  Operation Wetback  began. Because political resistance was lower in California and Arizona, the roundup of aliens began there. Some 750 agents swept northward through agricultural areas with a goal of 1,000 apprehensions a day. By the end of July, over 50,000 aliens were caught in the two states. Another 488,000, fearing arrest, had fled the country.By mid-July, the crackdown extended northward into Utah, Nevada, and Idaho, and eastward to Texas.By September, 80,000 had been taken into custody in Texas, and an estimated 500,000 to 700,000 illegals had left the Lone Star State voluntarily.Unlike today, Mexicans caught in the roundup were not simply released at the border, where they could easily reenter the US. To discourage their return, Swing arranged for buses and trains to take many aliens deep within Mexico before being set free.Tens of thousands more were put aboard two hired ships, the Emancipation and the Mercurio. The ships ferried the aliens from Port Isabel, Texas, to Vera Cruz, Mexico, more than 500 miles south.The sea voyage was  a rough trip, and they did not like it,  says Don Coppock, who worked his way up from Border Patrolman in 1941 to eventually head the Border Patrol from 1960 to 1973.Mr. Coppock says he  cannot understand why [President] Bush let [today s] problem get away from him as it has. I guess it was his compassionate conservatism, and trying to please [Mexican President] Vincente Fox. There are now said to be 12 million to 20 million illegal aliens in the US. Of the Mexicans who live here, an estimated 85 percent are here illegally.Border Patrol vets offer tips on curbing illegal immigration One day in 1954, Border Patrol agent Walt Edwards picked up a newspaper in Big Spring, Texas, and saw some startling news. The government was launching an all-out drive to oust illegal aliens from the United States.The orders came straight from the top, where the new president, Dwight Eisenhower, had put a former West Point classmate, Gen. Joseph Swing, in charge of immigration enforcement.General Swing s fast-moving campaign soon secured America s borders   an accomplishment no other president has since equaled. Illegal migration had dropped 95 percent by the late 1950s.Several retired Border Patrol agents who took part in the 1950s effort, including Mr. Edwards, say much of what Swing did could be repeated today. Some say we cannot send 12 million illegals now in the United States back where they came from. Of course we can!  Edwards says.Donald Coppock, who headed the Patrol from 1960 to 1973, says that if Swing and Ike were still running immigration enforcement,  they d be on top of this in a minute. William Chambers, another  50s veteran, agrees.  They could do a pretty good job  sealing the border.Edwards says:  When we start enforcing the law, these various businesses are, on their own, going to replace their [illegal] workforce with a legal workforce. While Congress debates building a fence on the border, these veterans say other actions should have higher priority.1. End the current practice of taking captured Mexican aliens to the border and releasing them. Instead, deport them deep into Mexico, where return to the US would be more costly.2. Crack down hard on employers who hire illegals. Without jobs, the aliens won t come.3. End  catch and release  for non-Mexican aliens. It is common for illegal migrants not from Mexico to be set free after their arrest if they promise to appear later before a judge. Few show up.The Patrol veterans say enforcement could also be aided by a legalized guest- worker program that permits Mexicans to register in their country for temporary jobs in the US. Eisenhower s team ran such a program. It permitted up to 400,000 Mexicans a year to enter the US for various agriculture jobs that lasted for 12 to 52 weeks. Via: CS Monitor",0
14453,BETTE MIDLER Asks Obama To Release VIOLENT BLACK PANTHERS From Prison…Gets HAMMERED On Social Media,"Pardoning the Black Panthers will just be the tip of the iceberg for this radical President. Look for prison doors to be flung open across America, in his final act of  screw you White America,  as he exits the White House, with a lifetime of Secret Service protection The day after PBS aired a controversial documentary about the Black Panthers that said there are still many members of the violent cop-killing movement in prison, Hollywood liberal Bette Midler turned to social media to call on President Barack Obama to pardon them.PBS is taking heat for the documentary that looks admirably upon the militant organization, painting them as a civic organization that fed the hungry and helped the poor.In the description of a preview, PBS stated: A new revolutionary culture emerged in the turbulent 1960s, and the Black Panther Party was at the vanguard. Weaving together a treasure trove of rare footage with the voices of a diverse group of people who were there, Stanley Nelson tells the vibrant story of a pivotal movement as urgent today as it was then. The left understands how critical it is for the success of the Democratic Party for black voters to turn out in November without Obama on the ballot and what better way to drive racial discord than Midler s suggestion:#BlackPanthersPBS says there are there are still 20 BlackPanthers still in jail. That must be nearly 40 years served. Will Mr Obama pardon?  Bette Midler (@BetteMidler) February 17, 2016The scary thing is, Obama will not go quietly in his final year in office and Midler s idea is not entirely out of the realm of possibilities that he may consider.Perhaps the songstress, worth an estimated $230 million, according to Celebrity Net Worth, can take in some of the militants should they be freed   a common theme in the reactions from social media users.Here s how Americans responded to Bette Midler s idiocy on Twitter: Via: BPR",0
14454,BLACK LIVES MATTER ORGANIZER Refuses To Meet With Obama And Race Hustlers…Calls Meeting At White House: “Sham…Photo-Op…Sound Bite For Obama”,"Pure gold The ultimate Race-Baiter-In-Chief, just got called out for the phony that he is. While we re on the topic of Obama pretending to care about the black community, let s talk about how black unemployment has skyrocketed under this fraud Race hustlers Civil rights activists met at the White House on Thursday with President Barack Obama, though a leader from Black Lives Matter, who was listed as an expected attendee, blasted the White House for organizing a photo-op without addressing real problems for minority communities. I could not, with any integrity, participate in such a sham that would only serve to legitimize the false narrative that the government is working to end police brutality and the institutional racism that fuels it,  wrote Aislinn Pulley, a leader of Black Lives Matter Chicago who the White House said on Wednesday would be at the meeting.Other attendees included Deshaunya Ware, a student leader of the University of Missouri protest group Concerned Student 1950; Al Sharpton, president of the National Action Network; NAACP President Cornell Brooks; and National Urban League leader Marc Morial.In an op-ed on Truthout, Pulley said she  respectfully declined  the White House s invitation to attend the panel, which was organized as part of the administration s marking of Black History Month. I was under the impression that a meeting was being organized to facilitate a genuine exchange on the matters facing millions of Black and Brown people in the United States. Instead, what was arranged was basically a photo opportunity and a 90-second sound bite for the president,  Pulley wrote.Obama didn t address the absence when he spoke to reporters after the meeting, instead saying he was  encouraged by the degree of focus and seriousness and constructiveness that exists not only with existing civil rights organizations but with this new generation. They are some serious young people. I told them they are much better organizers than I was when I was their age. I am confident they will take America to new heights,  he said.Later Thursday, a senior administration official said Obama, Attorney General Loretta Lynch and members of the Obama administration had a  productive dialogue with civil rights leaders about a range of important issues like the criminal justice system, education, the economy and building trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve. We will continue to engage with the many organizations and individuals who chose to participate in this meeting in ongoing discussions about how to strengthen our communities and move our country forward,  the official said.Speaking in the White House driveway after meeting with Obama, Sharpton said the group discussed the ongoing fight over naming a replacement for the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. He said any GOP-led effort in the Senate to scuttle a presidential Supreme Court nominee would reflect a  civil rights violation. To act as if the President is anything less than the President of the United States until January 20, 2017. He cannot be minimized, marginalized or disregarded without doing the same to the American people,  Sharpton said.Obama has defended the groups that sprung from high-profile incidents of police killings of unarmed black men. He said in October those communities  grievances must be taken seriously, and pushed back on the notion that organizations like Black Lives Matter are anti-police. I think everybody understands all lives matter. I think the reason that the organizers used the phrase  Black Lives Matter  was not because they were suggesting nobody else s lives matter,  Obama said at an event in October. Rather, what they were suggesting was there is a specific problem that s happening in the African-American community that s not happening in other communities   and that is a legitimate issue that we ve got to address,  he said. Via: CNN",0
14455,HERE IT IS: List Of Democrat Hypocrites Who Voted To Filibuster GW Bush’s Final Supreme Court Pick,"If you look closely, you might find a few familiar hypocrites who were calling for the nomination of a new Supreme Court Justice before Scalia s body was removed from the hotel where he died h/t Weasel Zippers",0
14456,POPE SHAMES AMERICANS From Mexico For Anti-Immigrant Sentiment…Doesn’t Mention $BILLIONS Taxpayers Give Faith Based Charities To Bring MUSLIM Immigrants To U.S.,"Pope Francis has joined Democrat legislators, along with a handful of RINO s and local mayors to work hand-in-hand with Obama to push immigration from Mexico and South America to the US.  Every player in this scheme has their own agenda. Of course, Obama has only one desire, and that is to fundamentally transform America. Democrat legislators are working to secure a dependent voting base. The RINO s (Republicans In Name Only) are beholden to large corporations, whose only goal is to secure cheap labor. Finally, local mayors want the federal funding that comes with placement of each immigrant in their communities. Besides the obvious charitable aspect, what s in it for Pope Francis? What s in it for the Catholic church? Many Catholics (myself included) are wondering why we pass the collection basket more than once several times throughout the year to help subsidize churches, schools and orphanages in Mexico and South America if the ultimate goal is to bring them here? Make no mistake, Pope Francis is interjecting himself into the 2016 Presidential election by walking with illegal aliens on the Mexican side of the border who want to get into the US.This is a direct assault by the Catholic Church on Donald Trump and any other Republicans (including the Governor of Texas) who say they want to close the US border with Mexico.Yesterday, in Ciudad Juarez, one of the most violent cities in the Western Hemisphere thanks to the drug cartels, the pope walked up a ramp covered in flowers toward a cross  erected  in memory of migrants who have perished trying to reach the United States just a stone s throw away,  according to Reuters.The pope then blessed three more small crosses, at which  shoes of migrants who died  were laid.  We cannot deny the humanitarian crisis,  Pope Francis intoned.  Each step, a journey laden with grave injustices: the enslaved, the imprisoned and extorted; so many of these brothers and sisters of ours are the consequence of trafficking in human beings Injustice is radicalized in the young; they are  cannon fodder,  persecuted and threatened when they try to flee the spiral of violence and the hell of drugs. Then there are the many women unjustly robbed of their lives. He concluded,  Let us together ask our God for the gift of conversion, the gift of tears, let us ask him to give us open hearts like the Ninevites, open to his call heard in the suffering faces of countless men and women. No more death! No more exploitation! They are not refugees! People escaping poverty or crime are not legally refugees, but the Pope and the NO Borders Left are purposefully confusing the terminology. They want all migrants-on-the-move to be called REFUGEES who are then entitled to protection and welfare. Why stop at the Mexican border? What about the Iraqi Christian population that s been almost completely wiped out? Why is the Pope standing on the Mexican border demanding we open the flood gates in the name of charity, while tens of thousands of Christians are being slaughtered in the Middle East?Where is the outcry from the Pope as the Catholic Charities/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops (CC/USCCB) are being paid BILLIONS to  bring mostly MUSLIM immigrants, who are being vetted by the corrupt UN to the US from the Middle East, and strategically seeding them across the United States? The following map provided by the Office of Refugee Resettlement identifies where the primary nine VOLAGs operate within America and where their affiliate sites are located:Here is the list of Charities who work with the US Department s Refugee Resettlement Program:  CWS   Church World Service  ECDC   Ethiopian Community Development Council  HIAS   Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society  IRC   International Rescue Committee  LIRS   Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Services  CC/USCCB   Catholic Charities/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops  USCRI   U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants  EMM   Episcopal Migration Ministries WRI World Relief Inc.Additionally, there are 350 subcontractors in 190 cities affiliated with the nine main refugee VOLAGs and the chart below lists the amount of money awarded by the federal government to these contractors since 2008.As you can see the amount of money that has been awarded to these non-governmental organizations is enormous with the total since 2008 amounting to over $4 billion.Simpson notes that  because they are non-governmental organizations (NGOs), they can and do lobby for advantageous changes to law and build allies in Congress and the bureaucracy, all fertilized by an open spigot of taxpayer dollars. From this point, as an American, you should be absolutely stunned at what is going on behind the scenes without your knowledge nor your input in regards to the fact that your taxpayer money along with your elected officials are undermining your security by allowing these organizations operate without any oversight. The push by fourteen Senate democrats for 65,000 refugees along with the eighty-four mayors is only the beginning though, as seventy-two House democrats have also joined this coalition.In letter on September 11, 2015, initiated by Rep. David Cicilline (D-RI.) and signed by seventy-one democrats, they urge Obama to resettle over three times the 65,000 refugees initially pushed for by the Senate democrats back in May. The House democrats cite Refugee Council USA, just as the fourteen Senators did, and  recommend that the United States resettle a minimum of 200,000 refugees by the end of 2016, including 100,000 Syrian refugees.  Neglecting the fact that the FBI has stated that they have no way of properly vetting the 2,500 Syrian refugees that we ve already accepted, it further goes to show how little these Senators, Representatives, Mayors, and VOLAGs care about the repercussions of admitting 100,000 into our country.In her book, Refugee Resettlement and the Hijra to America, Ann Corcoran explains that  Refugee resettlement has become a major money-maker for what can only be described as the  Religious Left,  whose goal is to change the demographic make-up of the 180-plus cities and towns in which they presently work.  Corcorans  statement perfectly describes exactly what is happening as push for more and more refugees comes solely from the Left. Whether it be Mayors, Senators, or Representatives in the House, they re all seeking to change the demographic make-up of the United States by forcing the taxpayers to subsidize their own destruction.WATCH ANN CORCORAN S POWERFUL VIDEO explaining how the faith-based charities are working with the US State Department to flood our nation with MULSIM refugees HERE:There is plenty of blame to go around when it comes to the willful  destruction of the greatest and most generous nation on earth. Ann Corcoran of the Refugee Resettlement Watch has generously provided us with the list of democratic Senators, Mayors and Representatives who make up the coalition which has urged for the destruction of our country via the acceptance of hundreds of thousands of refugees. If your elected official is on this list, Ann highly suggests you contact them and moreover do what you can to make sure they are never elected into office again.Link to the Senate letter signed by 14 democrats on May 21, 2015 can be found here.Link to the House letter signed by 72 democrats on September 11, 2015 can be found here.Link to the list of 84 Mayors who are members of the Cities United For Immigration Action can be found here. ",0
14457,REPORTER ASKS: Will Obama Golf Instead of Attend Scalia Funeral? [VIDEO],BRAVE GUY! ,0
14458,OBAMA WILL SKIP SCALIA FUNERAL: Here’s A List Of The Other Funerals He Was Too Busy To Attend,"With a battle heating up between Republicans and Obama on a Supreme Court nomination, the president chooses to skip the funeral of longtime Supreme Court Justice Scalia. This is a classless move by Obama who s got a track record of not showing up at important funerals. He expects the Republicans to be bipartisan, yet he shows his true colors when he does something like this. The White House has confirmed reports that President Barack Obama will not be attending the funeral of late Supreme Court Justice Scalia s funeral which is scheduled for Saturday. Instead, the president and first lady Michelle Obama will pay their respects to Scalia on Friday, when the Justice s body lies in repose in the Great Hall of the Supreme Court building. The White House added that Vice President Joe Biden will attend Saturday s funeral at the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception.The last supreme court justice to pass away was Justice William Rehnquist in 2005. Then-President George W. Bush not only attended the service, but delivered a eulogy along with Justice Sandra Day O Connor.Critics claim that his decision not to attend Justice Scalia s funeral is just the latest in a string of snubs over the past several years. While Obama has attended some high profile funerals like those of former South African President Nelson Mandela and Senator and ex-KKK member Robert Byrd, the president has skipped out services for a number of high-profile conservatives and members of the U.S. military:Margaret Thatcher When the Iron Lady passed away in 2013, the Obama administration sent what the Daily Signal referred to as  a low-level delegation similar in size and scope to the delegation sent to the funeral of Venezuelan strongman Hugo Chavez. Chris Kyle After Navy SEAL sniper Chris Kyle was murdered on a gun range in 2013, the president opted not to attend his Texas funeral. Furthermore, the president ruffled even more feathers by failing to acknowledge Kyle in his State of the Union address which was held on the same day.Major General Harold Greene Army Major General Harold Greene became the highest ranking combat fatality since Vietnam after he was ambushed by an Afghan police officer in August of 2014. The president was not present when Greene was laid to rest in Arlington National Cemetery. The administration also came under criticism for failing to even releasing a statement upon receiving news of the president s death.Zeinuti Onyango The funeral of President Obama s aunt Zeinuti Onyango was not the high-profile affair of a high ranking government official, but the fact that the decided to play a few rounds of golf instead of attending is somewhat telling. The Kenyan-born Onyango passed away at the age of 61 in 2014.The list could go on and on but here s some great advice from a liberal pundit for Obama:MSNBC host Chris Hayes:  Some amazing advice my mom gave me once:  If you re wondering whether you should go to the funeral, you should go to the funeral. Read more: Hannity",0
14459,NIKE DROPS CONSERVATIVE BOXER Manny Pacquiao After Condemning Gay Relationships Based On His Religious Beliefs [VIDEO],"God forbid an athlete bases their opinions on the Bible You ll be hit with the full force of the leftist machine Nike announced it has dropped Manny Pacquiao in the wake of the boxer s controversial remarks where he said those in gay relationships  are worse than animals. We find Manny Pacquiao s comments abhorrent,  Nike said Wednesday in a statement.  Nike strongly opposes discrimination of any kind and has a long history of supporting and standing up for the rights of the LGBT community. Pacquiao, 37, made the incendiary comments in a television interview that ran Monday in his native Philippines. He s currently a member of the House of Representatives and is running for the country s senate.Pacquiao didn t immediately back down hours after the interview aired. Pacquiao said on his Facebook page he was  just telling the truth of what the Bible says. But as the furor grew, Pacquiao posted an apology of sorts on Facebook on Tuesday. I m sorry for hurting people by comparing homosexuals to animals,  Pacquiao wrote.  Please forgive me for those I ve hurt. I still stand on my belief that I m against same sex marriage because of what the Bible says, but I m not condemning LGBT. I love you all with the love of the Lord. God Bless you all and I m praying for you. Pacquiao also served as a pitchman for Wonderful Pistachios and Nestle, although representatives for both companies said they don t have him under contract currently. Wonderful Pistachios is not currently affiliated with Manny Pacquiao nor do his views align with ours,  Wonderful Pistachios spokesperson Jennifer George told USA TODAY Sports.  Wonderful Pistachios stands firmly for diversity and equality and we proudly support marriage equality and inclusion around the world. ",0
14460,HILLARY’S HORRIFYING ANSWER To This Question Might Be The Best Reason EVER To Not Vote For Her [VIDEO],"On Jan. 26, 2016, Hillary was asked a very interesting question. After seven years with a President who has done everything in his power to circumvent the law, her answer to this very timely question should send chills down the spine of every American President Obama would make a terrific Supreme Court justice, though it could be difficult to get him confirmed by the current Senate, Hillary Clinton said here Tuesday.The Democratic presidential candidate was responding to a question from a voter, who noted that the next president probably will have several Supreme Court appointments to make. The man wondered aloud if Obama might be one of them if Clinton moves into the White House. Wow! What a great idea!  Clinton exclaimed as the crowd of 450 people roared approval and applauded. I ll be sure to take that under advisement,  she said.  I mean, he s brilliant. He can set forth an argument, and he was a law professor, so he s got all the credentials. Now, we do have to get a Democratic Senate to get him confirmed.  Via: USA Today",0
14461,WHY WOULD OBAMA ALLOW GREEN BERET To Be Discharged For Saving Life Of Young Boy Kept As Sex Slave By Muslim Afghan Police Chief?,"It s hard to read stories like this without wondering how a Commander in Chief can so easily desert those who sacrifice all for our nation, in favor of looking the other way when it comes to twisted Islamic traditions . De Oppresso Liber  (To Liberate the Oppressed) ~~Motto of the U.S. Army Special ForcesA poignant Afghan proverb declares,  Cowards cause harm to brave men. This ancient Pashtun adage reflects the shocking story of U.S. Special Forces Sgt. Charles Martland; Martland is the brave man, a soldier who saved the life of an Afghan boy who was abducted, held, and abused as a sex slave by an Afghan police chief, Abdul Rahman, the vicious, powerful, and arrogant coward. The incomprehensible harm to Martland resides in the inexplicable action taken by the U.S. Army. The Army disciplined Martland, relieved him from his duty post in Afghanistan, and is now seeking to involuntarily discharge him from military service.What was the dreadful and dischargeable infraction by the highly decorated Green Beret Charles Martland? Quinn was relieved of his Special Forces command after a fight with a U.S.-backed militia leader who had a boy as a sex slave chained to his bed. Credit Kirsten Luce For NYTIn 2011, Martland and his Special Forces Captain Dan Quinn (who has since resigned from the military) physically assaulted Abdul Rahman, after learning that Rahman had abducted a boy, chained him to a bed, repeatedly abused him as a sex slave and beat up the boy s mother when she sought to find and rescue her son. The Green Berets intervened when they discovered that the boy was being raped and held as a sex slave. According to the Martland and Quinn, the Afghan villagers were pleading with them to do something about repeated sexual assaults against children by the Afghan police.Here is the dirty, not so little secret of Afghanistan: The sexual abuse of children is widespread and embedded into the Afghan Pashtun culture. There is scant prosecution of child sex exploitation in Afghanistan. American military have long been saddled with the knowledge of the Afghan practice of  bacha bazi,  translated as dancing boys. Bacha Bazi is the ancient and widespread practice of Afghan men who abduct and lure poor boys into the grisly world of child sex slavery where they are raped and exploited by Afghan men. Frontline exposed this lurid child sex trafficking trade.U.S. Military stationed in Afghanistan experience the hideous reality that children are expendable in the feckless Afghan criminal justice system. Cultural mores trump human rights among the tribesman of Afghanistan.This wasn t the first time that Martland and Quinn experienced inaction from the Afghan government for serious child sexual exploitation crimes committed by the Afghan police force. Martland and Quinn knew that two Afghan commanders were not prosecuted nor punished for the rape of a 15 year old girl and the honor killing of an Afghan commander s 12 year old daughter who kissed a boy. Martland who was fed up with the ongoing sexual exploitation of children by Afghan officials said,  I felt that morally we could no longer stand by and allow our Afghan Commanders to commit these atrocities. Since when is a highly decorated Green Beret who confronts a violent child sex predator and trafficker and woman beater, punished and involuntarily discharge from the military?What happened to the greatest military and force for moral good on the face of the planet? Isn t Martland carrying out the very anti human trafficking policies promulgated by the Obama Administration?Obama s administration, including his Pentagon, endlessly promotes and spends millions on sexual assault and human trafficking programs, policies and media messaging. The very human rights violations perpetrated upon innocent Afghan children are the ones which this Administration is demanding action to enforce zero tolerance:1.U.S. Department of Defense Policy Against Human Trafficking. In the press release praising the ongoing military awareness training of human trafficking, the Army media alert highlights the annual training and progress for DoD s military as  driving home the department s  zero tolerance  for slavery and human trafficking. Apparently, that DoD zero tolerance policy doesn t apply to Captain Quinn and Sgt. Martland. Is it simply awareness, but no action to stop human trafficking and sex slavery? Zero tolerance means stopping the cultural and systemic abduction and sex slavery of young Afghan boys. Is the DoD training report mere lip service and media hype to convince Americans that the U.S. military fights human trafficking and sex slavery?The DoD press release ends with the ironic caveat that  military leadership also plays a critical awareness role in preventing such crimes.  Sgt. Martland and Captain Dan Quinn are military leaders who  prevented  further human trafficking crimes and are now paying for it with their military careers. Via: Yore Children",0
14462,CLUELESS HOLLYWOOD HACKS Attend Refugee-Themed Event,"Wow! A Chinese artist decided it would be a great idea to exploit the refugees by having pillars decorated with the lifejackets used by them. This nut job flew in thousands of life jackets for this obscene display. You have to wonder what this guy was thinking when he had all guests at the charity event don emergency blankets. Yes, that s Charlize Theron taking a selfie with her gold blanket on.  Unreal! The liberal elites don t get how horrible this has been for all of Europe and for those who ve died trying to get to the shores of Greece. A film charity event held alongside an installation in Berlin by the Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has sparked anger.According to Artnet, the Cinema for Peace fundraiser took place at the Berlin Konzerthaus, whose pillars the artist decorated   as part of his installation Safe Passage   with 14,000 lifejackets flown in from Lesbos, Greece, where almost 450,000 refugees arrived in 2015 on their way into the EU:Fundraiser guests, including actor Charlize Theron and Pussy Riot member Nadya Tolokonnikova, were encouraged to don emergency thermal blankets similar to those given to refugees.In a Facebook post, Tim Renner, Berlin s culture secretary, was highly critical of the sight of dinner guests at a star-studded gala posing in the blankets at the party.There are better ways for Ai Weiwei to take a political stand than posing as a drowned infant When Ai Weiwei illustrates the dimensions of terror outside [the gala] with 14,000 life jackets from Lesbos, it is perhaps not subtle but effective and justified; but when the guests of Cinema for Peace are prompted by the organiser to don emergency blankets for a group photo, even if understood as an act of solidarity, it has a clearly obscene element,  he said.Ai Weiwei, whose recent work has focused on the migration crisis, was criticised two weeks ago for recreating a photo of the drowned Syrian toddler Alan Kurdi   for the magazine India Today   in which the artist lies face down on a beach. He maintained that his work was intended to  defend the dignity  of the refugees.Via: The Guardian",0
14463,The “ISLAMIC RAPE OF EUROPE”…One Nation Is Fighting Back In Most Politically Incorrect Way,"As an American of Polish descent, I am proud to see Poland taking a stand against an invasion of Muslims who seek to forever change the culture and destroy the rich history European nations have enjoyed for centuries. While other European nations sit back and wring their hands over the rape, sodomy and molestation of their citizens, Poland is taking a strong stand by letting the Muslim migrants know, they are not welcome to invade their country.One of Poland s most popular weekly magazines has splashed a graphic depiction of the rape of Europe s women by migrants on its front cover. The image may be one of the most politically incorrect illustrations of the migrant crisis to date.While Poland is generally much more relaxed about expressing itself than the self censoring tendencies of western and northern Europe, the cover of the latest wSieci (The Network) conservative magazine has already prompted reaction just 24 hours after release, being beamed around the continent by social media.Featuring a personification of Europa being pawed at by dark hands   what the German media would perhaps euphemistically term  southern  or  Mediterranean    the headline decries the  Islamic Rape of Europe .Making perfectly clear the intention of the edition, the edition features articles titled  Does Europe Want to Commit Suicide?  and  The Hell of Europe . The news-stand blurb declares:  In the new issue of the weekly Network, a report about what the media and Brussels elite are hiding from the citizens of the European Union .Opening the cover article, Aleksandra Rybinska writes:  The people of old Europe after the events of New Year s Eve in Cologne painfully realised the problems arising from the massive influx of immigrants. The first signs that things were going wrong, however, were there a lot earlier. They were still ignored or were minimised in significance in the name of tolerance and political correctness .Outlining the fundamental differences between eastern Islam and western Christianity    culture, architecture, music, gastronomy, dress    the editorial explains these two worlds have been at war  over the last 14 centuries  and the world is now witnessing a colossal  clash of two civilisations in the countries of old Europe . This clash is brought by Muslims who come to Europe and  carry conflict with the Western world as part of the collective consciousness , as the journalist marks the inevitability of conflict between native Europeans and their new guests.The collapse of the West in the face of this  Islamic rape  was not inevitable though, as Rybinska quoted British historian Arnold Toynbee:  Civilisations die from suicide, not by murder .Via: Breitbart News",0
14464,OBAMA PUBLICLY BULLIES GOP Over Justice Scalia Replacement…These Senate Republicans Are Starting To Cave,"We ve made it very easy for you to pick up the phone, or go to their Facebook pages to let these Senators hear your voice.  Obama will undoubtedly choose a radical to replace one of the most conservative voices on the US Supreme Court. This would be the final nail in America s coffin, as  Obama s fundamental transformation of America would be complete. This nomination is every bit as serious as the person we nominate for President of the United States. When you have a court loaded with justices who have no regard for our US Constitution and choose to instead, legislate from the bench, our freedoms will no longer be protected and our nation will be doomed WATCH OBAMA PUBLICLY BULLY and attempt to embarrass anyone who stands in his way: https://youtu.be/1ITQXYyNo1wPresident Obama called on Senate Republicans Tuesday to give his eventual Supreme Court nominee a fair hearing in his bid to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia, as cracks emerged in the Republican leadership s position of automatically blocking any nominee. I expect them to hold hearings. I expect them to hold a vote,  Mr. Obama said at a press conference.  There s no unwritten law that says it can only be done on off years. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Kentucky Republican, and others including presidential candidates Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas and Marco Rubio of Florida have vowed to block any Obama nominee, saying the next president should select Justice Scalia s replacement.Mr. Obama blasted that rationale. This is the Supreme Court, the highest court in the land,  the president said.  It s the one court where we would expect elected officials to rise above day-to-day politics. I understand the stakes. I understand the pressure that Republican senators are undoubtedly under. This would be a deciding vote. But that s not how the system is supposed to work. Even before Mr. Obama stated his case, there were signs that Republican unity was wavering on the notion of blocking any nominee out of hand.Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, Iowa Republican [Phone: (202) 224   3744], didn t rule out confirmation hearings and a vote by his panel on an Obama selection.You can voice your opinion on Senator Chuck Grassley s Facebook page by clicking HERE. I would wait until the nominee is made before I would make any decision,  Mr. Grassley said Tuesday in a conference call with Iowa radio reporters.  In other words, take it a step at a time. Asked whether he thought the controversy over filling the court vacancy might endanger his re-election chances this fall, Mr. Grassley said,  I think I have a responsibility to perform, and I can t worry about the election. I ve got to do my job as a senator, whatever it is. And there will be a lot of tough votes between now and the next election. His comments appeared to be a softening from a statement shortly after Justice Scalia s death, when Mr. Grassley said it was  standard practice  not to nominate or confirm candidates for the Supreme Court in an election year. It only makes sense that we defer to the American people who will elect a new president to select the next Supreme Court Justice,  Mr. Grassley said in a statement Saturday.Sen. Thom Tillis, North Carolina Republican [Phone: (202) 224-6342] , voiced caution about blocking any Obama nominee automatically.You can voice your opinion on Senator Thom Tillis  Facebook page by clicking HERE. I think we fall into the trap if [we] just simply say, sight unseen, we fall into the trap of being obstructionists,  Mr. Tillis said on Tyler Cralle s radio show.But Mr. Tillis added of the president,  If he puts forth someone that we think is in the mold of President Obama s vision for America, then we ll use every device available to block that nomination. A top aide to Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, Nevada Democrat, responding to Mr. Tillis  comments, predicted that Mr. McConnell will eventually retreat from his stance of blocking any Obama nominee without a hearing. Via: Washington Times",0
14465,DEMOCRAT LAWMAKER Puts Forth Bill Requiring Wife’s Permission For Men To Obtain Viagra Prescription,"Leave it to a Democrat to waste everyone s time and money by putting forth legislation she knows has no chance of passing, as a means to convince legislators they need to make it easier to kill an unborn child. A Kentucky lawmaker has put forward a bill that would require men to visit a doctor at least twice and obtain a signed permission slip from their wives before they could obtain a prescription for the erectile dysfunction drug Viagra.State Rep. Mary Lou Marzian, a Democrat, acknowledged to the Louisville Courier-Journal that the bill has no chance of passing. However, she said the bill was a response to several anti-abortion measures, including a recently ratified law that requires a woman seeking an abortion to get counseling at least 24 hours in advance from a health professional.In an opinion piece, Marzian said her bill is meant to  illustrate the absurdity of government encroachment into women s personal and medical decisions currently running amok in the Kentucky General Assembly and [Gov. Matt] Bevin administration. Marzian s bill specifies that only married men can obtain Viagra and a prospective patient must  make a sworn statement with his hand on a Bible that he will only use a prescription for a drug for erectile dysfunction when having sexual relations with his current spouse. Other state lawmakers have filed similar bills to make political points. In 2012, a bill from an Ohio state senator required men to get a psychological evaluation before getting a Viagra prescription and last year a South Carolina state representative filed a bill that would require men to wait 24 hours before getting a prescription.Marzian has also said she would file a bill requiring potential gun buyers to undergo counseling from victims of gun violence 24 hours in advance of the purchase. Via: FOX News",0
14466,THIS COULD BE THE BEST TRUMP MOMENT TO DATE…Do You Agree? [Video],"Donald Trump called two men up on stage after the men helped toss a protester out during a rally in Sout Carolina. The two men came up and what follows is exactly why Americans have really fallen in love with Trump. No matter what candidate you support, this candidate is real and shows his flaws like no other. This is a touching moment: ",0
14467,"QUESTION: Since Paris Terror Attacks, How Muslim Refugees Have Arrived In U.S.? How Many Are Christians? [VIDEO]","The answer to this question should shock every American The government has admitted 605 Syrian refugees for resettlement in the United States since last November s Paris terrorist attack, two of whom are Christians.The rest are 589 Sunni Muslims, 10 Shia Muslims, three other Muslims, and one refugee identified in State Department Refugee Processing Center data as  other religion. At the same time, the proportion of Christians among the total cohort of Syrian refugees admitted into the U.S. since the conflict began five years ago has now dropped below two percent.Just 55 Christians (1.9 percent) are among the 2,769 Syrian refugees admitted since March 2011, while a large majority   2,594 (93.6 percent)   has been Sunni Muslims.Christians accounted for about 10 percent of Syria s population when the civil war began and Sunni Muslims for an estimated 74 percent.The administration has rejected calls by some Republican lawmakers, and some GOP presidential candidates, for Syrian Christians to be prioritized in the refugee admission process.Here s the truth about how these Muslim  refugees  who are coming from countries who hate are finding their way  to the United States:The ISIS terrorist attack in Paris on November 13 fueled concerns that the terrorist group was exploiting the flow of refugees and migrants as cover to send jihadists into the West to carry out attacks.French authorities said two of the attackers had been carrying fake Syrian passports and warned European Union partners that  some terrorists are trying to get into our countries and commit criminal acts by mixing in with the flow of migrants and refugees. Last Tuesday, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper affirmed during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing that ISIS has done so. Isn t it already proven that Mr. Baghdadi is sending people with this flow of refugees that are terrorists that   in order to inflict further attacks on Europe and the United States?  Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) asked him, referring to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. That s correct,  Clapper replied.  That s one technique they ve used is taking advantage of the torrent of migrants to insert operatives into that flow. In addition, he continued, ISIS has become  pretty skilled at [producing] phony passports, so they can travel ostensibly as legitimate travelers as well. In December, House Homeland Security Committee chairman Rep. Michael McCaul (R-Texas) said the U.S. intelligence community  has identified already individuals tied to terrorist organizations in Syria that want to exploit and get into the United States through the refugee process.  Via: CNS News",0
14468,OBAMA SPEAKS ON SUPREME COURT NOMINEE And Takes A Swipe At Donald Trump [Video]," I feel like I ve been drugged by Obama s rhetoric    Greg GutfeldYes, Obama held a rhetoric-filled press conference today and confirmed he ll nominate someone for the Supreme Court. He poked the Republicans for their wish to delay the process until a new president comes into office. Obama spoke of the Constitution and what it says about the process for picking a new Supreme Court justice. It s funny that all of a sudden Obama wants to pay attention to the Constitution. Don t you just love the hypocrisy in all this. Obama painted Republicans as obstructionists in this nominating process yet he forgets that he obstructed the nomination of Justice Alito. He claimed that Republicans have blocked numerous judicial appointments yet 201 of his nominations since 2009 have been approved with two being Supreme Court justices.The most interesting comment came when he spoke of Hillary Clinton s great as Secretary of State (even though she s currently being investigated by the FBI) but then took a swipe at Trump: I continue to believe Mr. Trump will not be President Being President is a serious job It s not a reality show. It s not promotion.  ",0
14469,TOP DETECTIVES GIVE REASONS They Are Shocked No Autopsy Will Be Performed On Justice Scalia: “I took a look at the report and I almost fell out of my chair”,"The drum beat keeps getting louder. More and more Americans are questioning why there was no official investigation into the circumstances surrounding US Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia s death. One of the most influential Justices in our nation was found dead (and alone) in a hotel room with a pillow over his head, yet the officials whose responsibility it should have been to conduct a formal investigation into his death, chose not to. Shouldn t a few alarm bells be going off? Veteran homicide investigators in New York and Washington, DC, on Monday questioned the way local and federal authorities in Texas handled the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. It s not unreasonable to ask for an autopsy in this case, particularly knowing who he is,  retired Brooklyn homicide Detective Patricia Tufo told The Post. He s not at home. There are no witnesses to his death, and there was no reported explanation for why a pillow is over his head,  Tufo said.  So I think under the circumstances it s not unreasonable to request an autopsy. Despite the fact that he has pre-existing ailments and the fact that he s almost 80 years old, you want to be sure that it s not something other than natural causes. Bill Ritchie, a retired deputy chief and former head of criminal investigations for the DC police, said he was dumbstruck when he learned that no autopsy would be performed. I took a look at the report and I almost fell out of my chair,  Ritchie told The Post from his home in Maryland. I used to be an instructor in the homicide school. Every death investigation you are handling, you consider it a homicide until the investigation proves otherwise,  Ritchie said. How do you know that person wasn t smothered? How do you know it s not a homicide until you conduct an investigation? You have to do your job. Once you go through that process, you can conclude that this is a naturally occurring death. Presidio County Judge Cinderela Guevara said she declared Scalia dead via telephone based on what cops and marshals at the scene told her   that there were no signs of foul play. How in the world can that Texas judge, not even seeing the body, say that this is a heart attack?  Ritchie wondered.  A US marshal can t tell you. You need a medical professional. If this was Joe Blow, you say OK, 79 years of age, health problems, maybe natural causes. But this is a sitting justice of the Supreme Court! Guevara also spoke by phone with Scalia s physician, who told her Scalia had several chronic medical conditions and had gone to the doctor s last week for a shoulder problem, reports say.Scalia s family did not want an autopsy, she added. Via: NYP",0
14470,BILL CLINTON Goes At It With TRUMP Supporter In Finger Shaking Rant [Video],Bill Clinton has lost it! He goes after a Trump supporter who heckled him during a rally and ends up just sounding like crazy old man. Time for the home? ,0
14471,FACEBOOK USER ARRESTED FOR “Offensive” Posts About Syrian Refugees: “social media abuse will not be tolerated”,"Only months ago, Obama s Attorney General, Loretta Lynch warned Americans the U.S.Department of Justice intends to criminally prosecute and even imprison Americans who they determine are guilty of using  speech that edges towards violence against Muslims. For anyone who thinks our new tyrannical government has no ability to arrest you for comments you make on Facebook think again. Scotland police have said the arrest of a man responsible for a series of offensive Facebook posts about Syrian refugees resettled on the Isle of Bute should send a clear message that such social media abuse will not be tolerated.Following a report of a series of alleged offensive online posts relating to Syrian refugees living in Rothesay on Bute, Police Scotland confirmed on Tuesday that a 40-year-old man, understood to be from the Inverclyde area, had been arrested under the Communications Act.Twelve Syrian families arrived in the seaside town in early December, as Scotland welcomed one third of the thousand refugees David Cameron agreed to take from camps bordering Syria before the end of last year.Following the arrest, Insp Ewan Wilson from Dunoon police office said:  I hope that the arrest of this individual sends a clear message that Police Scotland will not tolerate any form of activity which could incite hatred and provoke offensive comments on social media.  Via: The Guardian",0
14472,SYRIAN REFUGEE Family LIED About BED BUG Infestation To Get Better Housing,"The entitled refugee mentality is becoming the norm in bleeding heart nations around the world. We recently reported about complaints from Italian citizens that refugees were dumping garbage in the streets of Italy to protest poor wi-fi. In Germany, an Afghan family refused to get off the bus at their new government funded flat, after complaining they were promised a home.Immigrant Services Association of Nova Scotia says staff thoroughly inspected an apartment to ensure it was bedbug-free before moving in a family of six Syrian refugees on Feb. 1.Director of operations Gerry Mills said families are moved into safe and appropriate housing, and ISANS staff keep the health and well-being of refugees in mind. Our staff know what bedbugs look like and since Friday we ve had staff there every day in different apartments, honestly trying to look for bedbugs. We have found not one bedbug,  she said.On Tuesday, Ziad Zeina told CBC News through an interpreter that he wanted to get his family out of their two-bedroom apartment on Gerrish Street because the bedbug problem  is non-stop and it s not going to change and there s no solution at this moment. But Mills said one of the first steps workers take is to inquire with building managers whether the biting pests are a problem on site.In the case of Harbour View Apartments where the Zeinas live, Mills said building managers took the preventive step of fumigating their unit even though it did not have bedbugs. You can actually tell because there s still kind of an actual vague smell in them [apartments],  Mills said.Or was it a pre-existing skin condition?Wafaa Al Safadi holds her 10-month-old son, Rayan Zeina. She says he is covered in bed bug bites. (Elizabeth Chiu/CBC)The Zeinas are government-assisted refugees who stayed briefly in Charlottetown and decided to settle in Halifax at the end of January.The family insists there s a bedbug issue and Wafaa Al Safadi lifted her baby s shirt to reveal his chest and back covered in scabs and red rashes.But Mills said the baby has a pre-existing skin condition. The marks were on the child even before they moved into that apartment. When they were in the hotel, we spoke with the family then about taking the child to the doctor to get some medication. ISANS said there are 16 families of Syrian refugees living in the same building and no other families have complained about the blood-sucking insects. Via: CBC ",0
14473,HOW TRUMP’S LATEST MOVE COULD Give America 4 Years Of Bernie Or Hillary,"In nine months, Americans will choose between a leader who will turn back the clock, and work diligently to undo the enormous amount of damage Barack Hussein Obama has done to our nation, or they will choose a candidate who will continue down the same reckless path. Until yesterday, I truly believed we had a fighting chance to restore pride, honor and dignity to the office of the President of the United States and more importantly to the people of our nation who deserve so much more. We have our favorite candidates, but in the end, there isn t a person left standing on the GOP stage who we wouldn t rather see in office than the corrupt, marxist, gun-grabbing, pro-amnesty,  everyone s a victim and  voters rights for everyone  candidates on the Democrat Party s side.2016 GOP presidential frontrunner Donald J. Trump tells reporters here that his pledge to support the eventual GOP nominee is now void because the Republican National Committee, along with local and state GOP factions, is stacking debate audiences with donor class officials. The RNC is in default,  Trump said at the press conference.  Just so you understand, the RNC is in default. When somebody is in default, that means the other side can do what they have to do. The RNC is in default. Trump s point is that the RNC has defaulted through its actions against his candidacy on the pledge he signed earlier in the cycle, and his point is that because they have defaulted he can do whatever he wants. Trump is signaling he may not support the eventual GOP nominee in 2016 if that nominee is not him.The significance of this development can t be understated. The entire GOP presidential primary election has focused on this question, which was launched to the center of discussion by the first question at the first GOP debate in Cleveland, Ohio, back in August, 2015. That question, by Fox News s Bret Baier, asked all the candidates on stage to raise their hands if they would support the eventual GOP nominee. Trump was the only one who didn t raise his hand. That, and several other unseemly questions from Fox s Megyn Kelly about Trump and women, catapulted into public view a then-private war between Trump and Fox that has lasted publicly to this day.In the coming weeks, the RNC eventually negotiated it out with Trump to get him to sign a pledge to back the eventual nominee. He signed it. But Trump is now arguing that the RNC hasn t been fair, and he says that means that the RNC, in his words, has defaulted on their end. So Trump says he can do whatever he wants if he doesn t win the nomination. Of course, all of this could end up being a moot point should Trump win the nomination, as he s fairly heavily favored to do at this point. But if he does lose, a world of possibilities has now opened up. The RNC gave all the tickets to special interests that represenSen. Ted Cruz (R-TX)97% and Rubio,  Trump said at the press conference, explaining how and why the RNC defaulted on their pledge.They walked on stage, the place went crazy. It s sort of interesting. One guy s got like very low in the polls, the other one is very low in the polls. I m very high in the polls. There s nobody there for me except my wife and my kids because I don t have donors. I don t have donors and I don t have special interests. But I think the RNC did a very poor job. We ve warned them twice, because this happened twice before, and they don t [fix it].All of this leads Trump to believe that the RNC, like his opponents, is controlled by special interests and high-dollar donors who don t have the well-being of the American public in mind. That, Trump says, is why Republicans have lost presidential elections in 2008 and 2012 and will lose in 2016 if the nominee isn t the right person. I think the RNC is controlled,  Trump said.  The bottom line is the RNC is controlled by the establishment and the RNC is controlled by the special interests and the donors, and that s too bad. And that s why the Republican Party has lost for president for so long. Overall, Trump added, he s  very disappointed  in the RNC. I m very disappointed in the RNC, Republican National Committee,  Trump said.I m very disappointed in the RNC because for three debates now the room has been stacked with special interests and donors as you know, as the press knows. As an example, I gave two judges who were very conservative judges. I was met with nice applause. Bush got up and stumbled through an answer and the place went crazy. I said,  What are they doing?  And then I realized all of these people many of the people in that room I know, some are friends of mine. Some are waving to me and booing. They re waving like this and they re booing they re having fun. I get it. Some of them are friends of mine. They are special interests. They re lobbyists. And that shouldn t be. They have total control over the people I m running against. Total, absolute control. I bring up the drug thing because the drug companies are going to go to competitive bid. Whether we save $100 billion a year or $350 billion a year, we re going to competitive bid. These people can t say that because the drug companies give them a fortune to run for office.Via: Breitbart News If Donald Trump has what it takes to be our next Commander In Chief, he ll stay true to his word and won t run third party. If he loves his country more than his ego, he wouldn t even consider it. If Donald Trump could put his desire to have the RNC support him aside for just two seconds, he would see that he doesn t need them win. He has enough support from so many cross-sections of America that he will likely win the election in a landslide. The real irony is, the spineless RNC is the reason Trump is consistently polling so high against the traditional establishment candidates. His voters are anti-establisment and could care less if the RNC stacks the debates with Bush or Kasich supporters. In fact, the obvious favoritism the RNC has shown for candidates polling in single digits will likely backfire and will cause more people to become actively engaged in the Trump, Cruz or Carson campaigns. ",0
14474,WATCH HILLARY CLINTON BARK Like A Dog During Speech [Video],"Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was busy telling a story about how, in her view, Republicans don t tell the truth and recalled an old radio ad she had heard while living in in Arkansas. That prompted Clinton to start barking like a dog. The campaign trail must be taking its toll  ",0
14475,HOOKERS FOR HILLARY: Why They’ve Got Her Back…[VIDEO],"It only seems fitting that an openly immoral group would attach their wagon to the wife of the most sexually deviant President to ever occupy the White House As Hillary gears up for the Nevada caucus, her supporters are drumming up support in a bid to avoid another crushing defeat by Bernie Sanders.This includes one, not-so conventional group who have had her back since she announced her candidacy back on April 12.Hookers for Hillary are back out on the road in a bid to help the Democratic candidate to a much-needed victory.The group of prostitutes work at the legal brothel, the Moonlite Bunny Ranch near Carson City, which is owned by Dennis Hof, who made headlines after Lamar Odom was found unconscious in one of his establishments last year.The campaign was his idea, and his employees have his backing. Entice Love, a 26-year-old mother of two from Sacramento, who works at the ranch told The Guardian:  I m for Hillary because she s cracking down on domestic violence.Many of them chose their profession, which is illegal in the other 49 U.S. states, to get health insurance for themselves and their families.Some suffer health problems that require expensive medication. Taylor Lee, a 26-year-old from Houston, told The Guardian her job at the Moonlite Ranch helped her keep up with payments for epilepsy pills   which cost $10 a piece.However she admitted she was pushed to vote for Hillary, but will be caucusing for rival Sanders. Via: Daily MailIf Hillary gets in, does that mean everyone in Las Vegas gets free health care, free school and free sex? Sounds like it could be a suitable retirement choice for Bill . ",0
14476,DISTURBING TRUTH ABOUT How The UN Decides Which Muslim “REFUGEES” Will Be Your New Neighbor [VIDEO],"Every American should know the corrupt UN has been, and will continue to be, the one organization who decides which Muslim  refugees  will be flooding your hometown Who picks the Syrian refugees that resettle in the U.S.? Homeland Security? No, the United Nations, in concert with a global Islamist group. And they re sending  more than 15,000,  not the widely reported 10,000.In fact, Washington has no role in selecting the thousands of Syrian refugees coming to your hometown. The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees is really behind the effort, and he s referred an additional 5,000-plus Syrian nationals here.A new State Department report reveals that the U.S. already has accepted at least 15,000 Syrian refugee referrals from the UNHCR. The United States is one of 28 countries that have agreed to accept referrals from UNHCR as part of its ambitious international effort to secure permanent or temporary resettlement for 130,000 Syrian refugees by the end of 2016,  the State Department said in  Proposed Refugee Admissions for Fiscal Year 2016. As of mid-2015, UNHCR has referred more than 15,000 Syrian refugees to the United States,  the 71-page report adds.  And these individuals are being screened to determine whether they are eligible. Of course, that security screening is a joke, as the FBI director and his top counterterrorism aide, as well as the Homeland Security and National Intelligence chiefs, have all testified.State notes in its report that security checks include  biographic name checks for all refugee applicants and biometric (fingerprint) checks for refugee applicants.  Only Syria is a failed state, and there are no fingerprint databases to check applicants against.The Islamic State has publicly vowed to use the refugee program to invade Europe and America, and allegedly has already infiltrated some 4,000  warriors  among the flood of Syrian refugees.The Obama administration insists that it will catch any terrorist infiltrators through its interviewing process.But, the State Department report said,  In some countries, such as Syria, Yemen and Eritrea, Department of Homeland Security adjudicators have been unable to travel to interview applicants for several years. That s not all. The UNHCR is working  hand in hand  with an international Islamist group of 57 Muslim nations   the Organization of Islamic Cooperation   whose founding charter seeks to propagate  legitimate jihad  and  the norms of Islamic Shari ah.  Saudi-based OIC, in fact, is tied to the radical Muslim Brotherhood. We are delighted to work   with the OIC,  said U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres.So it s really the U.N. and radical Islamists who are choosing your new Muslim neighbors.While the U.N. calls its project  refugee resettlement,  the Islamists call it  hijra,  or immigration jihad. Via: IBD",0
14477,THE BRUTAL TRUTH About The Mooching Bum Who Wanted To Be Your Next President…And Tax You To Death,"Here s the brutal truth on the socialist who wanted to be your next president and take your hard earned money:Sanders spent most of his life as an angry radical and agitator who never accomplished much of anything. And yet now he thinks he deserves the power to run your life and your finances    We will raise taxes;  he confirmed Monday,  yes, we will. One of his first jobs was registering people for food stamps, and it was all downhill from there.Sanders took his first bride to live in a maple sugar shack with a dirt floor, and she soon left him. Penniless, he went on unemployment. Then he had a child out of wedlock. Desperate, he tried carpentry but could barely sink a nail.  He was a shi**y carpenter,  a friend told Politico Magazine.  His carpentry was not going to support him, and didn t. Then he tried his hand freelancing for leftist rags, writing about  masturbation and rape  and other crudities for $50 a story. He drove around in a rusted-out, Bondo-covered VW bug with no working windshield wipers. Friends said he was  always poor  and his  electricity was turned off a lot.  They described him as a slob who kept a messy apartment   and this is what his friends had to say about him.The only thing he was good at was talking   non-stop   about socialism and how the rich were ripping everybody off.  The whole quality of life in America is based on greed,  the bitter layabout said.  I believe in the redistribution of wealth in this nation. So he tried politics, starting his own socialist party. Four times he ran for Vermont public office, and four times he lost   badly. He never attracted more than single-digit support   even in the People s Republic of Vermont. In his 1971 bid for U.S. Senate, the local press said the 30-year-old  Sanders describes himself as a carpenter who has worked with  disturbed children.    In other words, a real winner.He finally wormed his way into the Senate in 2006, where he still ranks as one of the poorest members of Congress. Save for a municipal pension, Sanders lists no assets in his name. All the assets provided in his financial disclosure form are his second wife s. He does, however, have as much as $65,000 in credit-card debt.Sure, Sanders may not be a hypocrite, but this is nothing to brag about. His worthless background contrasts sharply with the successful careers of other  outsiders  in the race for the White House, including a billionaire developer, a world-renowned neurosurgeon and a Fortune 500 CEO.The choice in this election is shaping up to be a very clear one. It will likely boil down to a battle between those who create and produce wealth, and those who take it and redistribute it.Via: IBD",0
14478,This Spontaneous Act By Trump At A VA Rally Showed A Side of Him Most Americans Never See [VIDEO],"After watching this video, and seeing a side of Trump the media rarely shows us, it s easy to understand why all of Donald s kids think he s such a great dad A cute little boy in the audience asked Trump a question at his Manassas, Virginia rally on Dec. 2, 2015. Trump thought it was such a great question, he asked the boy to come up on the stage and ask the question again in front of the mic. The boy wanted to know what materials Trump would use to build the wall. It wasn t his answer Trump gave the young boy that revealed the genuine love Trump has for his fellow American, it was the spontaneous kiss he gave the little boy on the back of his head for asking such a great question.The exchange went like this:The young boy asks Trump a question that may be hard for the audience to hear, so Trump asks boy to come up on stage:Trump: C mon, c mob up here. This is such a great question.Boy:  What are the (boy pauses as he realizes he s in front of thousands of supporters) hello. Trump gives him a kiss on the back of his head, almost as if he was proud of him for asking such a great question.  What are the walls going to be made of? Trump:  That might be the best question I get today. I ll tell you what it s going to be made of. It s going to be made of hardened concrete and it s going to be made out of Rebar and steel (audience applauds). I mean, that s what I do. Did you ever seen the walls they build now, they re this high (gestures to indicate low wall) and they drive trucks over them right? They build a ramp and they take trucks over them with drugs, and we get the drugs and they get the cash.  Not good Watch here at the 36 second mark for the sweet, spontaneous kiss:h/t Down Trend",0
14479,U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION: Teachers Should Incorporate Islam In More Subjects,"Does anyone in recent history remember the US Department of Education asking educators to place more emphasis on Christianity or Judaism in their curriculums? Yeah neither do we As parents across the country storm school board meetings over a perceived overemphasis on Islam in the curriculum, bureaucrats in Washington, D.C. are suggesting ways teachers can focus more on the religion.A recent blog posted to Home Room,  The official blog of the U.S. Department of Education,  points out that terrorist attacks in Paris and California sparked anti-Muslim incidents in schools and other places.Muslim students, and those perceived to be Muslim, could be bullied, and the government wants teachers to know how to  create an anti-bias learning environment  by focusing specifically on those students and their faith. This means incorporating the experiences, perspective and words of Muslim people into the curriculum through social studies and current events instruction, children s literature, in order to learn about different cultures,  the blog reads. When you teach about world religions, be sure to include Islam.   It s also important to be aware that some Muslim students may feel relieved and comfortable discussing these issues in class and others may feel nervous, scared or angry to be talking about a topic so close to home. The education experts   authors Jinnie Spiegler, director of curriculum with the Anti-Defamation League, and Sarah Sisaye of the Education Department s Office of Safe and Healthy Students   suggest that teachers pick controversial current events  ripe with examples of bias and injustice  to highlight anti-Muslim discrimination, and to  discuss what actions (students) could take to make a difference. Teachers should also take it upon themselves to spread awareness about  Muslim cultural traditions  by encouraging events like Hijab days, when female students wear the Islamic religious scarf donned by their Muslim classmates. The education experts provided a link to a YouTube video of an event at Vernon Hills High School in December as an example.Meanwhile, in places like Tennessee, state officials are reviewing curriculum early amid a barrage of complaints about questionable lessons on Islam in middle school history courses. Parents have highlighted lessons that required students to read, write and recite the Islamic conversion prayer; and pointed out the disproportionate amount of time students spend studying Islam versus other religions.Parents have also questioned the accuracy of texts that suggest Christians and Muslims worship the same God and that Islam is a  religion of peace,  EAGnews reports. A lot of the things we hear about Muhammad and a lot of the warfare that was waged is very much sugar coated,  Williamson County School Board member Susan Curlee said at a December town hall. My concern is, are we going to be asking students on a test to potentially compromise their faith for the sake of a grade?  she questioned.Also in December, parents in Greenville, Virginia raised objections to a world geography lesson at Riverheads High School that tasked students with copying the Islamic conversion prayer in Arabic, by hand. The intent, according to the lesson, is to  give you an idea of the artistic complexity of calligraphy,  The Shilling Show reports.The lesson doesn t appear to explain what the shahada or  Islamic statement of faith  is exactly    There is no god but Allah, and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah    but it does discuss the inspiring beauty of the Koran.And it s those types of lessons that are sparking a backlash from parents across the country, from lawsuits in Maryland to proposed legislation in Tennessee, centered on what many view as Muslim  indoctrination  through curriculum.A bias toward Islam is one of the reasons Tyler County Board of Education President Bonnie Henthorn decided to homeschool her children, rather than allow them continue in public schools, the Charleston Gazette-Mail reports.And while the Education Department blog stresses the importance of creating classrooms that are  free from discrimination and harassment based on protected traits   including religion,  it offers no suggestions for teachers struggling to explain to parents why government approved texts and associated lessons focus more on Islam than other religions. Via: EAG News",0
14480,"DIRTY TRICK THE R(In Name Only)NC Used Against Trump And Cruz To Prop Up Bush, Kasich And Rubio","While the R(In Name Only)NC doesn t appear to consider Ben Carson a threat and have largely left him alone, there is no question they are coming at Trump and Cruz with both barrels blazing. Even the most casual observer of the last two debates was caught  a bit off guard with the insane enthusiasm they seemed to express for  low energy jeb!  and the GOP candidate most willing to reach across the aisle and cut a deal with the Democrat Party,  in my state of Ohio  Governor John Kasich. We re not questioning whether or not Rubio had supporters in the audience, as we can actually see what voters may find appealing about him, but the level of applause for his repetitive answers was not consistent with his poll numbers compared to the other top contenders. GREENVILLE, South Carolina   The chairman of the local Republican Party here confirmed to local television that 2016 frontrunner billionaire Donald Trump s concerns and those of his closest competitor Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) with the Republican National Committee (RNC) allocation of debate audience tickets are well-placed.Chad Groover, the chairman of the Greenville County Republican Party here, told WYFF the local NBC News station that party donors get tickets to the debate. You ll have a good mix of people who are donors, people who are donors and workers, and people who are just workers,  Groover said, noting that he got  a couple of dozen  of tickets to hand out to the party s faithful donors. I didn t have hundreds of tickets. I had a couple of dozen tickets,  Groover said.That means a significant proportion of his stack of approximately 24 tickets went to monied interests backing the GOP not to actual voters in the upcoming election.Sources close to the process who work for the RNC, but are not authorized to speak on the record, confirmed to Breitbart News throughout the evening on Saturday that that is standard operating procedure for the RNC and the party as a whole for all debates: Donors get tickets while voters have to watch on TV at home.As such, the same appears to have been true party-wide. One well-placed source who works for one of the GOP presidential campaigns and was in attendance at the debate on Saturday evening here but was not authorized to speak on record about the matter told Breitbart News that Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) and South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley were personally given scores of tickets to distribute. Both despise Trump and have said so publicly Haley even using the platform of the official GOP response to the State of the Union to do so and it would be no surprise if they did aim to stack the audience with anti-Trump sentiment. I ve never seen anything like it,  said another source in the audience, someone who has attended several of the GOP debates. That source said the anti-Trump and anti-Cruz audience members who were thoroughly cheering for Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) and his mentor former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush when they made passionate cases for amnesty for illegal aliens, something entirely non-representative of South Carolina s electorate were behaving unlike any audience he d ever seen in his lifetime of attending GOP presidential debates.The Republican National Committee s Sean Spicer confirmed to Breitbart News pre-debate that the RNC proper distributed 367 tickets while the state party and locally elected officials received 550 tickets. Meanwhile the debate partners CBS News, the Peace Center, and Google received another 100 tickets. That means more than 1000 tickets 1,017 by Spicer s admission went not to voters in the upcoming election and not to campaigns for equal distribution to their supporters but to special interest distribution of those connected to the party, mostly high dollar donors. Only 600 tickets were distributed equally among the six remaining GOP campaigns, which to be fair to the RNC is the highest number of tickets distributed as such so far this election cycle.But Trump s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, is calling for the RNC to drop all donor tickets and stop handing them out to special and monied interests entirely. Lewandowski says at all the rest of the debates from here on out, Spicer and the RNC must equally allocate all tickets among the various campaigns so they can distribute them equally and fairly to their supporters and cut out all the donors and special interests who get tickets. I think the RNC does a terrible job in allocating the tickets, to be honest with you, There s an opportunity there s 2,000 seats out there, there s six candidates on stage, they should just divide them evenly so everyone has them, but instead they just give them to the donor class, they give them to the lobbyists and to all the special interests,  Lewandowski said in the spin room.  It s not fair, it s not equitable. So I think what they should do moving forward is take the total number of seats available, allocate them across the board and let the candidates bring their people in, because that s who should be here, not the donors. Spicer has refused repeatedly over the course of several emails on Saturday and Sunday morning to answer whether the RNC will comply with Lewandowski s request to drop all RNC and state and local party ticket allocation and just allow the campaigns to equally distribute all debate tickets fairly to their supporters in the future.Trump s and Cruz s concerns are even being confirmed by many across the political spectrum. In fact, even the left-of-center Huffington Post confirms that the RNC s ticket allocation system seems to have been  behind  the excessive and unwarranted booing of Trump and Cruz and cheering of the donor class supported Rubio and Bush. The audience at Saturday s CBS News Republican presidential debate was more boisterous than unusual   booing, clapping and generally making its feelings known during several exchanges between candidates on stage in Greenville, South Carolina,  the Huffington Post s Igor Bobic wrote.  At various points, attendees seemed to favor former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), and to be very much against Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) and real estate mogul Donald Trump   the two candidates currently leading the race. The way the Republican National Committee distributed the tickets may have been behind the heightened reactions. Vox, another left-of-center outlet, ran a headline that made it even clearer:  The Republican establishment packed the debate audience with Donald Trump haters.  In the piece, author German Lopez noted that the audience s pro-Rubio and pro-Bush cheering was  very peculiar  as was the booing of Trump and Cruz. Something very peculiar happened at the Republican debate on Saturday night: When Donald Trump talked, the audience booed. Yet when Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio, and even John Kasich talked, they got loud cheers and applause,  Lopez wrote.  This happened again and again. It even led a spike in Google searches for  Why are people booing? Vox even admits that Trump s claim on stage that the odd and unrepresentative of the party s voting base audience was made up of  Jeb s special interests and lobbyists  was really not  that far-fetched. Prior to the debate, the Republican Party decided not to use a lottery system to decide who should be in the audience,  Lopez wrote.  Instead, most tickets went to elected Republican officials, donors, and other workers for the party picked by local, state, and national party officials. The result, it seems, is the room was packed with Republican voters who overwhelmingly dislike Trump.  Via: Breitbart News",0
14481,JUDGE WHO COULD REPLACE SCALIA Has No Track Record On Social Issues EXCEPT This Big Ruling,"Judge Sri Srinivasan is a possible pick for Obama to replace Justice Scalia on the Supreme Court. We only know one particular case where he paved the way for gay marriage. Social issues like abortion and gay marriage are BIG sticking points for conservatives. Could a judge who has no track record on social issues be appointed by Obama? This would be a smart move on Obama s part because there would be no ammunition for declining this nominee. One possible contender to replace Justice Antonin Scalia on the U.S. Supreme Court is an Indian-American appeals court judge, Sri Srinivasan, who has pro-business credentials and a stellar resume.If he was nominated his background may make it more politically challenging for Republicans as they plan to block anyone put forward by President Barack Obama.Srinivasan, 48, has served on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit since he was confirmed on a 97-0 bipartisan vote in the U.S. Senate in May 2013. Republican senators who supported him then would likely be asked to justify why they couldn t back him for the Supreme Court.Many names are likely under consideration and the White House has not tipped its hand, but recent Supreme Court appointments have tended to be appeals court judges and the appeals court in Washington on which Srinivasan serves has often been a springboard to the high court. Scalia himself served on the court, as did other Supreme Court members Chief Justice John Roberts, Justice Clarence Thomas and Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.The White House said on Sunday that Obama will wait until the U.S. Senate is back in session before making a nomination. The Senate returns from recess on Feb. 22.Republicans have called for Scalia s seat to remain open so that the next president, who would take office in January 2017, can nominate a replacement. Other judges Obama could consider appointing include Paul Watford, a black man who serves on the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, and Jacqueline Nguyen, a Vietnamese-American woman who serves on the same court as Watford.Little is known about Srinivasan s views on divisive social issues like abortion and affirmative action. But as a senior Justice Department lawyer in 2013, he was part of the legal team that successfully urged the high court to strike down the Defense of Marriage Act, a law that restricted the definition of marriage to heterosexual couples for the purposes of federal benefits. The ruling helped pave the way for the court s ruling in June 2015 that legalized gay marriage nationwide.Via: Reuters",0
14482,HOW OBAMA Could Temporarily Fill The Vacancy Left By Justice Scalia With A RADICAL LEFTIST Judge,"There is no other President in the history of the United States who has mastered the art of going around Congress to achieve his radical goals, better than Barack Hussein Obama. In normal times, this scenario would not be of concern to every day Americans. We are not however, living in  normal times.  We are living in time where our President has actually stated that his goal is to fundamentally transform the United States of America Pray for our nation.The Senate is currently in recess until February 22. The recess began on Friday. Whether this opens an opportunity for a recess appointment depends upon how Senate leaders interpret an adjournment resolution approved last Friday. That will determine whether it will meet for brief activity during the recess, which could close that opportunity.Here s the scenario in which President Obama may be able to appoint a temporary Supreme Court Justice: The Constitution not only assigns to the president the task of making nominations to the Supreme Court, setting off Senate review that may or may not result in approval, but it also gives the Chief Executive the opportunity to fill a vacancy on the Court temporarily, bypassing the Senate initially, if a nominee languishes in the Senate without final action.Within a few hours after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia, it became abundantly clear that, first, President Obama will choose a possible successor and try to get the Senate to go along, and, second, the GOP leadership of the Senate say they will try to block any such nominee from final approval.If that does result in an impasse, President Obama may ponder the possibility of putting on the Court a new Justice of his choosing, to serve temporarily. The problem, though, is that less than two years ago, the Supreme Court severely narrowed the flexibility of such temporary appointment power, and strengthened the Senate s capacity to frustrate such a presidential maneuver.It is true that one of the Justices regarded as a giant on the Court s history, William J. Brennan, Jr., actually began his lengthy career with just such a short-term appointment. The chances of that happening again today seem to have diminished markedly.The presidential authority at issue in this possible scenario exists, according to Article II, when the Senate has gone into recess and the vacancy a president seeks to fill remains. Such an appointment requires no action at all by the Senate, but the appointee can only serve until the end of the following Senate session. The president (if still in office) can then try again during a new Senate session, by making a new nomination, and that must be reviewed by the Senate.The Supreme Court had never clarified that power until its decision in June 2014 in National Labor Relations Board v. Noel Canning.The decision was something of a compromise. The Court expanded the concept of when the Senate would be in recess so that the president could make a temporary appointment, but it also gave the Senate more control over when it does recess and how long the recesses last. The gesture toward the Senate s choices was probably the more important result.Here, specifically, is what the Court decided:First, on the president s side, the Court ruled that the recess appointment power applies when the Senate leaves town for a break in the middle of an annual sitting, or a break at the end of each annual session.Second, also on the president s side, the decision declared that the president during a recess can fill a vacancy even if the opening occurred well before the recess began.Third, on the Senate s side, the ruling made clear that it has to last more than three days, without saying how much more time must pass without the Senate out of town and doing nothing.Fourth, strongly on the Senate s side, the decision left it largely up to the Senate to decide when it does take a recess, allowing it to avoid the formality of a recess by taking some legislative action, however minor or inconsequential and however few senators actually take part in some action.Suppose President Obama goes ahead with a nomination to the open seat on the Court, and suppose that the Republican-controlled Senate chooses not to allow that nominee. The GOP has enough seats in the Senate to control that scenario.Suppose, then, that the Senate goes into recess to allow its members who are running for reelection to spend some more time campaigning back home.Could President Obama make a nominee during that recess? Only if the Senate is taking a recess lasting longer than three days, and does not come in from time to time during that recess to take some minimal legislative action. Both of those circumstances would be entirely within the Senate s authority.In that circumstance, a recess appointment to the Court would not be within the terms of the Constitution, as spelled out in Article II.Read more: scotusblog",0
14483,JUSTICE SCALIA Found Dead With ‘Pillow Over His Head’…Why No Autopsy?,"It was just announced that there will be no autopsy of Justice Scalia after he was found dead in his room of  natural causes . Does anyone else out there think it should be mandatory for an autopsy to be performed? Since Justice Antonin Scalia was found dead in his resort hotel room at Cibolo Creek Creek Ranch on Saturday, questions have been flying about the immediate declaration of  natural causes  as the means of death.According to the ranch owner, Scalia was described as  animated and engaged  during dinner Friday night. He was one of three dozen invitees to an event unrelated to law or politics.Yet just hours later, after missing both breakfast and lunch, he was found dead of apparent natural causes. Later, media outlets reported he had suffered a heart attack.Houston businessman John Poindexter, who owns the 30,000-acre luxury ranch, recalled:  He was seated near me and I had a chance to observe him. He was very entertaining. But about 9 p.m. he said,  It s been a long day and a long week, I want to get some sleep. Poindexter knocked on Scalia s door about 8:30 the next morning. The door was locked and the judge did not answer. Three hours later, Poindexter returned from an outing and determined Scalia was still missing. We discovered the judge in bed, a pillow over his head. His bed clothes were unwrinkled,  said Poindexter. He was lying very restfully. It looked like he had not quite awakened from a nap,  he said.Scalia did not have a pulse and his body was cold, and after consulting with a doctor at a hospital in Alpine, Poindexter concluded resuscitation would have been futile. He then contacted federal authorities, at first encountering a series of answering services because he was calling on a weekend. Ultimately they became available and handled it superbly,  he said.  They flew in by helicopter. They told me to secure the ranch, which I did until this morning. Scalia s body was moved to an El Paso funeral home early Sunday, then driven from Marfa and arrived around 2:30 a.m. at Sunset Funeral Homes, according to spokesman Chris Lujan.Read more: wnd",0
14484,HOW THE DEATH OF SUPREME COURT JUSTICE SCALIA Puts America’s Gun Rights In Jeopardy [VIDEO],"If our next President is a Republican, and if he is allowed to appoint the next Supreme Court Justice, it will be very difficult to find a replacement who has Scalia s brilliant mind and absolute defense of our United States Constitution Of course, I would not like to be replaced by someone who immediately sets about undoing everything that I ve tried to do for 25 years, 26 years, sure. I mean, I shouldn t have to tell you that. Unless you think I m a fool. Obviously, the [second] amendment does not apply to arms that cannot be hand-carried. It s to keep and bear. So, it doesn t apply to cannons. But I suppose there are handheld rocket launchers that can bring down airplanes that will have to be (looked at)   it will have to be decided.  -US Supreme Court Justice ScaliaGun rights groups like the National Rifle Association said that conservative Justice Antonin Scalia s death Saturday puts gun rights on the line. We are one justice away from a Supreme Court that would harm our Second Amendment rights,  said the NRA.WATCH JUSTICE SCALIA talk GUN CONTROL on FOX NEWS at the 6:50 mark. You will likely want to watch this video to the end. This video shines a bright light on the brilliance of Antonin Scalia and his defense of our US Constitution. Scalia comments on his replacement in this video, and on Obama s radical SOTU speech where he called out, and attempted to shame the Supreme Court Justices in front of the entire nation:Scalia was a strong supporter of the Second Amendment, and an avid hunter. Via: Washington Examiner",0
14485,OUCH! SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE Targets Hillary Clinton: “I can’t make you love me” [Video],"Saturday Night Live s cold open last night was a combination of a lovefest for Bernie Sanders and an effort to make fun of Hillary Clinton. Once the Dems decide on a nominee, it ll be interesting to see how they treat the chosen candidate Hillary Clinton ",0
14486,NIGHTMARE SCENARIO: FOX NEWS Reports Obama Can Appoint Supreme Court Justice On Jan 3rd…Could This Be His Final ‘SCREW YOU AMERICA’ Act?,"Pray for our nation FOX News reported this afternoon that Barack Obama can appoint a left-wing Supreme Court Justice after the Republican Senate adjourns on January 3, 2016.Obama will then have 17 days to nominate a far left justice to the Supreme Court.11 of 12 previous recess appointments were approved by the senate.This came up in discussion after news broke that conservative Justice Antonin Scalia was found dead today.This would be his last  eff-you  to the American people before he leaves office.God help us.WATCH:https://youtu.be/4IQsJjJC5_kVia: Gateway Pundit ",0
14487,"ONLY HOURS AFTER DEATH Of Supreme Court Justice Scalia, Democrats Demand Obama Chooses His Replacement","The US Supreme Court is set to decide the first major abortion case in nearly 10 years as well as critical decisions on immigration, affirmative action and voting rights. Will the Republican party have the spine to stand up to these reprobates and demand that we wait until after the election to appoint a new US Supreme Court Justice?  Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Saturday that the Senate should wait until a new president is elected to confirm a replacement for Justice Antonin Scalia, whose sudden death Saturday shook Washington and threatened to reshape the 2016 presidential race.Democrats said that with 11 months left in Mr. Obama s tenure, the Senate has enough time   and indeed an obligation   to confirm a replacement. The American people  should have a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court Justice. Therefore, this vacancy should not be filled until we have a new president,  the Kentucky Republican said in a statement.News of Scalia s death was just hours old before the debate heated up.With the court now divided between four Republican-appointed justices and four Democratic picks, Mr. Obama would have a chance to tilt the bench decidedly to the left, and liberal lawmakers said he should have that chance.Via: Washington Times",0
14488,"FATHER OF SON MURDERED BY ILLEGAL ALIEN: Donald Trump Was “Sent from God”…”Since my son was dead, I pretty much gave up on being happy” [VIDEO]","This former Democrat is speaking out about the only man who cared enough to reach out to him after the random murder of his innocent son by an illegal alien. The Left will be calling him  Uncle Tom  in 5 4 3 2 1 A new ad released Friday by Donald Trump s campaign team tells the story of Jamiel Shaw, a Los Angeles man who lost his teenage son in 2008 when a man in the U.S. illegally randomly shot and killed 17-year-old Jas.WATCH AD HERE:I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016https://t.co/wd3LlMz01I  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 13, 2016In his first interview since the ad debuted, Shaw, an African-American man, told the Washington Examiner why he chose to support the Republican Manhattan billionaire who has been criticized by some as a racist and a phony.It started on March 2, 2008, in the Arlington Heights neighborhood of Los Angeles were Jas had been walking home, talking with his girlfriend on a cellphone. He was three doors down from his house when a car pulled up by him. Two Hispanic men in the vehicle asked Jas which gang he belonged to. Police reports indicate Jas did not respond, which frustrated one of the men who pulled out a gun and shot the teen.Jamiel, inside the family home, heard the shots and ran outside to find his son, a boy he judged to have been on the  right path,  bleeding from bullet wounds. Jas later died at the hospital.In the days that followed that incident, Shaw tried to piece together the perfect storm of conditions that created this tragedy. Shaw learned the man who had killed his son was an illegal immigrant who had just been released from jail.The incident gained national attention for a short time, prompting former president George W. Bush to write a condolence letter. But it was quickly forgotten, and Shaw didn t quite know what to do. Since my son was dead, I pretty much gave up on being happy,  Shaw said. He said he gave in to grieving day in and day out. Shaw also admitted a frustration of not being able to express the sorrow he had to others.Trump unexpectedly reached out to Shaw last year about the murder and asked for a meeting at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Los Angeles hotel, which left Shaw stunned. To see somebody, especially a billionaire, come out. I can t even get a neighborhood politician to come out, that s why it s so surreal to me,  Shaw said.The two shared an intimate moment shortly after meeting last year.  He told me to my face, he said,  I promise you I would never let your son s life be in vain.  To me it felt like the [future] president cared about me,  an emotional Shaw shared.Shaw told the Washington Examiner that he never reached out to the Trump campaign about immigration policy, and especially the deportation of violent criminals of the kind who killed his son. He believes someone on Trump s team saw an interview he did on Fox News.Trump s meeting with Shaw and promise to reform immigration laws were a transformative moment for Shaw, who was previously a Democrat but had switched to Independent following the death of his son. Via: Washington Examiner",0
14489,EMAILS SHOW OBAMA’S EPA Planned To Let Flint Residents Drink Poison Water Until 2016,"It s fascinating that even before any facts related to the Flint water crisis were available, the Hollywood liberal elite and Leftist s across America were calling for the head of Michigan s Republican Governor. Now that the evidence is overwhelmingly pointing to a corrupt and incompetent EPA along with incompetent Democrat public officials in Flint, MI., will the media start correctly placing the blame where it belongs? WATCH big mouth activist Michael Moore attempting to inject his rancor into the Flint water crisis, as a way to draw attention to himself and place blame on Republican Governor Rick Snyder instead of the actual culprit, the incompetent EPA:Four months after being notified about high lead levels in a Flint home, the Environmental Protection Agency was prepared to let the city continue giving lead-contaminated water to customers until at least 2016, emails released Friday show.Jennifer Crooks, the Michigan program manager for the EPA s Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, sent out an agenda on June 8, 2015, for a planned call with Michigan Department of Environmental Quality officials.In that email, Crooks said it was known that Flint had not been adding any corrosion-control chemicals to its water to prevent lead from leaching from the pipes into drinking water since April 2014. She said the city was in its second six-month testing period.It didn t make sense for the city to start a corrosion control program in June 2015, Crooks wrote. Since Flint has lead service lines, we understand some citizen-requested lead sampling is exceeding the Action Level, and the source of drinking water will be changing again in 2016, so to start a Corrosion Control Study now doesn t make sense,  Crooks wrote. The idea to ask Flint to simply add phosphate may be premature; there are many other issues and factors that must be taken into account which would require a comprehensive look at the water quality and the system before any treatment recommendations can/should be made. The email was sent almost four months after EPA researcher Miguel Del Toral was made aware of high lead in Flint s water.Via: Washington Examiner ",0
14490,SATANISTS ENDORSE A Candidate For President And It’s A Perfect Fit!,"Nope, it s not Hillary Yes, Communist agitator Bernie Sanders is the pick for satanists. Bern Like Hell In a highly popular pro-Sanders meme group created on Facebook, a post with an image stating,  Satanists for Bernie 2016,  has received over 1,100 likes and more than 200 shares.While the image s creator is unknown, it is discussed in the comments that the Church of Satan, a central hub of satanic worship, has not officially endorsed any candidate for president.Another group entitled the Satanic Communist Party, boasting over 2,000 members, also appears to lean pro-Bernie.While supporters attempt to distance Sanders  brand of socialism from Communism, revolutionaries instrumental in shaping the ideology, in particular Vladimir Lenin, have openly admitted,  The goal of socialism is Communism. In a 1986 book entitled Marx & Satan, author Richard Wumbrand, who was imprisoned for 14 years by the Communist government of Romania for espousing Christian beliefs, demonstrates through direct quotes that the man credited as the father of Communism crafted the ideology with inspiration from the powers of darkness and with the intent to destroy religion.Via: infowars",0
14491,"OUTRAGE AND DESPERATION: VIDEO Captures American Company Telling 1,400 Workers Their Jobs Are Going To Mexico","Our next President is going to have to work with Congress to undo all of the excessive tax burdens, government regulations and restrictions, that have been forcing American businesses to go overseas in order to make a profit and compete Is Donald Trump that President? Video footage has emerged documenting the outrage and desperation of 1,400 American workers as they are informed that their company will be sending their jobs to Mexico.As Mediaite reports:  A cell phone video taken at Carrier Air Conditioner in Indianapolis shows the exact moment that the plant and union workers were told that the company had decided to shift production south of the border.  The best way to stay competitive and protect the business for longterm is to move production from our facility in Indianapolis to Monterrey, Mexico,  says the company representative at the microphone. Let s quiet down,  the company representative says as the American workers of different races and ethnicities begin to shout out after being told that they will soon be out of a job.Although the establishment media seems loath to report it, globalist trade deals and the off-shoring of American jobs have become a central focus of the 2016 race  as earlier this month President Obama s signed what could arguably be one of the impactful trade agreements in modern history, the Trans-Pacific Partnership.The Economic Policy Institute has documented that  Between 1993 (before NAFTA took effect) and 2013, the U.S. trade deficit with Mexico and Canada increased from $17.0 billion to $177.2 billion, displacing more than 850,000 U.S. jobs. More than 5 million U.S. manufacturing jobs were lost between 1997 and 2014, and most of those job losses were due to growing trade deficits with countries that have negotiated trade and investment deals with the United States,  the report states.Mexico is a member country of the TPP. The Economic Policy Institute notes,  the United States already has a large and growing trade deficit with the 11 other countries in the proposed TPP, which reached $265.1 billion in 2014. In contrast, the United States had a small trade surplus with Mexico in 1993, before NAFTA took effect. In other words, outsourcing to the TPP countries is a potentially much greater threat than it was under NAFTA with Mexico. Donald Trump has made his opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership a focal point of his campaign.Trump said that if he were President,I would call up the head of Ford  I would say,  Congratulations. That s the good news. Let me give you the bad news. Every car and every truck and every part manufactured in this plant that comes across the border, we re going to charge you a 35-percent tax, and that tax is going to be paid simultaneously with the transaction,  and that s it  If it s not me in the position, it s one of these politicians that we re running against  [then] here s what s going to happen. They re not so stupid. They know it s not a good thing, and they may even be upset by it. But then they re going to get a call from the donors or probably from the lobbyist for Ford and say,  You can t do that to Ford, because Ford takes care of me and I take care of you, and you can t do that to Ford.  And guess what? No problem. They re going to build in Mexico. They re going to take away thousands of jobs. It s very bad for us. So under President Trump, here s what would happen: the head of Ford will call me back, I would say within an hour after I told them the bad news  And he ll say,  Please, please, please.  He ll beg for a little while, and I ll say,  No interest.  Then he ll call all sorts of political people, and I ll say,  Sorry, fellas. No interest,  because I don t need anybody s money  I don t need anybody s money.I m using my own money. I m not using the lobbyists. I m not using donors. I don t care. Via: Breitbart News ",0
14492,THE WITCH’S ASSISTANT: WATCH Huma Abedin’s Icy Reaction When Hillary Supporter Tries To Hug Her [VIDEO],The war on women A woman goes in to give Huma Abedin a hug and it makes for a cold as ice awkward moment caught on video. Ouch! Huma Abedin is the Muslim Brotherhood connected henchman of Hillary Clinton. She s also the wife of scandalous cad Anthony Weiner. Wonder if Anthony gets the same treatment at home  ,0
14493,THE BEST ANTI-HILLARY AD EVER MADE…You’ll Want To Watch This BRUTAL VIDEO More Than Once,"The Ted Cruz campaign has identified the enemy and they ve placed a target squarely on their backs. It s about time the GOP candidates stopped targeting each other and focused on the real enemy, Hillary Clinton. It Feels Good To Be A Clinton  brilliantly points out the corruption, cover-ups and lies of the Clinton Crime Syndicate. The Cruz campaign uses a very creative rap song in the background to hammer home some brutal truths about Hillary and how she operates We guarantee you ll want to watch this more than once:",0
14494,PREGNANT CHELSEA CLINTON Makes Disturbing Confession About Why She Left Church At 6 Years Old,"The apple doesn t fall far from the tree Chelsea Clinton is pregnant with her second child, so in typical progressive feminist fashion, Chelsea has abortion on her mind. In a new interview, Chelsea Clinton, the daughter of pro-abortion presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, says she left the Baptist Church at the age of 6 because it has a strongly pro-life position opposing abortions.Clinton made the comment at a recent fundraiser for Hillary Clinton in an attempt to address evangelicals who question her mother s faith in God. She said she was upset when teachers in a Sunday School class talked about the wrongness of abortion. My mother is very deeply a person of faith,  Chelsea said.  It is deeply authentic and real for my mother, and it guides so much of her moral compass, but also her life s work. I recognized that there were many expressions of faith that I don t agree with and feel [are] quite antithetical to how I read the Bible,  Chelsea said.  But I find it really challenging when people who are self-professed liberals kind of look askance at my family s history.  Via: Life NewsHmmm .Six years old I wonder if that was about the age when Chelsea referred to the Secret Service as  Pigs.  As we said earlier the apple doesn t fall far from the tree ",0
14495,WATCH: WHY 93 YR OLD WOMAN VOTED For The First Time In Her Life For TRUMP,"First time voters, Democrats, minorities, women, the elderly and the youth are all jumping aboard the Trump Train. With so much enthusiasm from such a cross-section of America, is it even possible for Trump to be beaten? He s a strong man, a strong speaker. And what he says, I have faith enough and believe enough that he ll do what he says,  she says.It s a moment 93 years in the making, that was over in a matter of minutes.Beada Corum voted for the first time in her life. I felt real good, and I enjoyed it,  she says. Corum, who s 93 years old, cast her ballot for the only man running she feels she can trust, Donald Trump.Corum registered to vote back in July, after Trump announced he was running.Since then, her story has gone viral, inspiring Trump to make a campaign stop in Knoxville, where she was a featured speaker.She s also on the ballot as one of his delegates. That s a great honor, to be a 93-year-old woman, and it s just an honor for me to be for Donald Trump,  she says.The trump campaign called her Tuesday night, asking her if she would vote early. She says the call made her feel special, so she showed up the first day polls opened. I voted early today because my time may expire you know, early votes, you know it s in,  she says.",0
14496,MUSLIMS CRITICIZE New State Law That Permanently BANS Sharia Law,"Maybe it s time for Muslim citizens and immigrants to start assimilating. What a concept Texas has just made a move that is sure to have many people cheering, and a select few angry. As the march to Sharia Law presses on, it appears Texas is fighting back.Over the past few years, Texas has been quick to take a stand against President Obama and implement the laws necessary to protect its citizens. Now, the Texas legislature has just passed a law designed to permanent bar Muslims from instituting Sharia Law in the Lone Star State.While State Sen. Donna Campbell doesn t specific measure Islamic law in the bill, her measure guarantees that no laws from  foreign courts  will be admissible by Texas civil court judges.  It s just to provide some belt and suspenders to make sure that, with judicial discretion, we don t trump Texas law, American law, with a foreign law regarding family law,  Campbell told reporters.Muslim groups have already criticized the bill, calling it a  solution looking for a problem.  They also argue that the bill will only perpetuate Islamophobia. What do you think? Do you support the measure? Via: Three Percenter Nation",0
14497,"DESPERATE PROGRESSIVES ARE LOSING IN GERMANY: Leftist Politician Stabs Himself 17 Times, Blames German Right-Wing Extremists","The rampant migrant rape and violence is shining a light on the progressive agenda and it s exposing an ugly, reckless ideology that has dominated the EU for decades. The Left is in a battle to save itself and outside of stabbing themselves 17 times and then blaming the Right, there doesn t seem to be any way out of the mess they ve created. We recently posted about German citizens demanding  rapefugees  and economic migrants be gunned down at the border.For many the news fitted the current image of the #Kaltland [Cold Country]. A communication  that it would have been better not to have to make , published by the Schwerin local association of Die Linke [The Left, former East German Communist party] on late Tuesday evening on its Facebook page. According to this, Julian Kinzel, an 18-year-old member of the local Schwerin board was the victim of a knife attack in Wismar on Monday evening.  The three perpetrators beat him down and stabbed their victim around 17 times with a knife, according to a statement from the doctor who treated him , the statement reads. In the process Kinzel was said to have been insulted as a  gay communist pig .  This and the clothing worn by the perpetrators that is typical of the [far-right] scene (Thor Steinar) supports the suspicion that it was a crime with a far-right motivation,  said the local chairman Peter Brill.The federal Left party even said the case was one of  attempted murder .  We are shocked,  party explained on Wednesday on Twitter. Federal managing director Matthias H hn:  The current case proves in a tragic way once again how dangerous and inhuman right-wing extremism is.  Dietmar Bartsch, head of the Left grouping in the federal parliament, condemned the crime  in the strongest possible way  and explained that the Left would not give up in its fight against right-wing extremism. Party leader Katja Kipping said:  The knife attack is horrific and also an attack on democracy.  Already on Wednesday the speaker of the Rostock police management board, Isabel Wenzel, described the case as  somewhat nebulous. She made reference to the fact that Kinzel only filed a complaint later on Tuesday evening   and not personally at a police station, but via the internet. The hospital at which the young man was treated on Monday also did not report the case to police. Via: Der TagesspeigelJulian Kinzel warned in a reaction on the Facebook page of the Schwerin Left against further [right-wing] radicalisation:  Our answer to hate must be love, to stupidity, reason and to violence, solidarity. Now the police hace arranged for the student to be subjected to forensic medical examination. The investigations up to now have come to the conclusion that Kinzel invented the attack. According to a statement from the Rostock police the  type of injuries do not correspond to the sequence of events that has been claimed in the attack.  On the contrary, it is  sufficiently probable  that Kinzel inflicted the injuries himself. ",0
14498,FEEL THE BERN….How Hillary Walked Away From NH With More Super Delegates Than Sanders,"First she won the coin toss in Iowa, and now Hillary walks away a WINNER even though she lost in a landslide to Marxist Vermont Senator, Bernie Sanders. Never underestimate the power of the Clinton machine If you thought Bernie Sanders won the New Hampshire primary, you d be mistaken. He won the popular vote by 22 percent, but New Hampshire has Super Delegates who don t have to answer to the voters and they re going with Hillary!No wonder the Hillary campaign looked like they were throwing a massive party after last night s crushing defeat at the polls.Sanders won 60 percent of the vote, but thanks to the Democratic Party s nominating system, he leaves the Granite State with at least 13 delegates while she leaves with at least 15 delegates.New Hampshire has 24  pledged  delegates, which are allotted based on the popular vote. Sanders has 13, and Clinton has 9, with 2 currently allotted to neither.But under Democratic National Committee rules, New Hampshire also has 8  superdelegates,  party officials who are free to commit to whomever they like, regardless of how their state votes. Their votes count the same as delegates won through the primary.And they call themsleves the Democratic party.UPDATE:The fix is in for Hillary. If you followed the link to the article, at the bottom is says after a razor-thin victory in Iowa and a shellacking in New Hampshire, Clinton has 394 delegates and Sanders has 42. Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
14499,WHERE WAS GM SECURITY? VALET PARKING ATTENDANT With Gun Saves Life Of Female Stabbing Victim In Massive Tech Facility,"How is it that a major technical facility with over 20,000 employees had to rely on a valet parking attendant carrying a concealed gun to stop a woman from being stabbed to death?  Doesn t this raise questions about how well prepared a major company like GM is for a possible terror attack? Where were the security guards? Are they even allowed to be armed?Police are investigating after a woman was stabbed at the General Motors Technical Center in Warren, Mayor Jim Fouts confirmed to FOX 2.Fouts tells us a woman walked into the 8-story building at the center of the campus and asked to speak with a female employee. The two met in the lobby and started talking but stepped outside when their conversation escalated.It was outside that the visitor pulled out a knife and started stabbing the employee in the neck, back and abdomen several times, Fouts says. The stabbing was broken up by a valet driver who was carrying a concealed weapon.The employee was taken to the hospital and we re told she is in critical. The suspect is in custody at this time. We re told the suspect is not cooperating with police as they are trying to determined how the two women knew each other.Via: FOX 2 Detroit",0
14500,BREAKING: TWO REPUBLICAN CANDIDATES Drop Out Of 2016 Presidential Race…Questions Linger,"Carly Fiorina and Chris Christie dropped out of the campaign for the Republican nomination for president today. The prospect of not making Saturday s GOP debate on CBS as a result of poor finishes in New Hampshire last night possibly triggered the pullout . The 2016 Presidential race is quickly dwindling down but questions linger regarding the two who dropped out today: Did Chris Christie miss his opportunity to have success at a run for president in 2012? He said at the time that he wasn t ready to run and then the Bridgegate scandal happened tarnishing his chances for a clean entrance into the 2016 campaign. If he had remained in the race, there s no doubt the scandal would have been a topic for discussion. One thing is for sure, Christie was able to damage Rubio in the last debate with his repeated claims that Rubio was spitting out canned sound bites he d memorized. Ouch! He also claimed that Rubio wasn t ready to be president.New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie formally suspended his presidential campaign today.The New Jersey governor held a meeting with his campaign staff at 4pm this afternoon to thank them and announce the news, a spokesperson to the campaign confirms to ABC News.The decision comes a day after the New Jersey governor came in a disappointing 6th place in New Hampshire, despite a heavy investment of time and funds into the first-in-the-nation primary contest. We came to new Hampshire to bring the message,  Christie told gathered supporters in Nashua, New Hampshire as election results rolled in last night.  The message was heard by a lot of folks. And it was stood for by a lot of folks here in New Hampshire, just not enough.  Via: ABC Carly Fiorina Ends Her Bid For The Republican NominationWas Carly Fiorina s campaign for president harmed by ABC demoting her to the undercard debate stage? It s certainly a question that s been asked since the night of the debate. She really never recovered after that night.Carly Fiorina is exiting the Republican presidential race after a seventh-place showing in last night s New Hampshire primary. While I suspend my candidacy today, I will continue to travel this country and fight for those Americans who refuse to settle for the way things are and a status quo that no longer works for them,  said Fiorina in a statement.Fiorina was an unconventional candidate. Her only previous political effort had been a 10-point loss in a race for U.S. Senate in California, and her tenure at Hewlett-Packard was most notable for her being fired by the board of directors after an unsuccessful merger with Compaq.Still, Fiorina struck a chord with many Republican voters, many of whom were especially drawn to her fierce anti-abortion viewpoints and spirited appearances on the campaign trail and in debates. Via: NPR",0
14501,"THIRD DEGREE “BERN!” Why Denmark Is Telling Marxist, Bernie Sanders To Stop LYING To Voters","Lying? If Bernie can successfully convince tens of thousands of college students to believe in unicorns, and pots of gold at the end of rainbows, why not convince them how well stealing from hard working Americans utopian forms of government work in other countries? Who needs facts when Bernie s got unicorns?The Danes apparently have grown weary of Sen. Bernie Sanders insulting their country. Denmark is not a socialist nation, says its prime minister. It has a  market economy. Sanders, the Democratic presidential candidate who calls himself a socialist, has used Denmark as the example of the socialist utopia he wants to create in America. During the Democrats  first debate last month, he said  we should look to countries like Denmark, like Sweden and Norway, and learn from what they have accomplished for their working people. While appearing in New Hampshire in September, Sanders said that he had  talked to a guy from Denmark  who told him that in Denmark,  it is very hard to become very, very rich, but it s pretty hard to be very, very poor. And that makes a lot of sense to me. So because something makes sense to him, he has the right to force that system on people who don t want it? Isn t that what he s saying?But we digress. This is about Danes being offending by Sanders using the word  socialist  to describe their form of government. And who can blame them, especially when the free world has had enough of national socialists and Soviet socialists and North Korean socialists and Cuban socialists?While speaking at Harvard s Kennedy School of Government, the center-right Danish Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen said he was aware  that some people in the U.S. associate the Nordic model with some sort of socialism. Therefore,  he said,  I would like to make one thing clear. Denmark is far from a socialist planned economy. Denmark is a market economy. Rasmussen acknowledged that  the Nordic model is an expanded welfare state which provides a high level of security to its citizens,  but he also noted that it is  a successful market economy with much freedom to pursue your dreams and live your life as you wish. To that we ll add that Sweden, another of Sanders  inspirations, has for decades quietly moved away from its cradle-to-grave form of government welfare. And the Swedes are better off for having done so, just as the Danes will continue to be better off as their government overhauls its welfare state.If Sanders is going to continue to use these nations to guide his governing philosophy, he should base his policy positions on what they really are, not what he thinks they are or wants them to be. These countries have learned a harsh lesson. They don t deserve to be Berned again. Via: IBD",0
14502,JUST ONE DISGRACEFUL PHOTO Captures The Essence Of Hillary Clinton’s Entire Campaign," Social media went crazy last night when a photo of a wrinkled and discarded American flag was posted with this caption: With many hours to go, Clinton s staff has flags ready for their election night party. ",0
14503,SENILITY OR TRUTH BOMB? Bill Clinton To Crowd: “Sometimes I Wish We weren’t married” [VIDEO],"It s probably just a big misunderstanding. Bill likely misspoke kinda like, I did not have sexual relations with that woman. ",0
14504,WOW! NEWS ANCHOR Hammers Obama On His Pro-Muslim Speech At Radical Mosque [Video],Wow is right! Tomi Lahren gives the best ever response to Obama s pro-Muslim speech at a radical Mosque. ,0
14505,[VIDEO] MSNBC ANALYST AT LOSS TO EXPLAIN: Trump Runs Away With NH Vote In EVERY Category,Trump is not your traditional Republican candidate. So anyone who expected him to appeal to only the traditional Republican voter is going to be in for a YUGE surprise There is a certain pleasure that s derived from watching the Left in a state of panic over Trump s  unexplainable  popularity.WATCH:,0
14506,SHRILLARY GIVES BITTER CONCESSION SPEECH In New Hampshire,"Will the Democrats ultimately choose a Marxist who s never accomplished a thing in his life or a serial criminal socialist? Choices choices MANCHESTER, N.H.   Hillary Clinton spoke of being  knocked down  and having problems with young voters in a bitter concession speech after losing to Sen. Bernie Sanders Tuesday night in the New Hampshire Democratic primary. I don t know what we d have done tonight if we d actually won. This is pretty exciting,  Clinton said to her crowd of supporters shortly after 9 PM Eastern Time, flanked onstage by husband Bill and daughter Chelsea, who did not speak.  I just want to say, I still love New Hampshire and I always will. People are angry. But there s also hungry. They re hungry for solutions. What are we going to do?,  Clinton said. I know I have some work to do, especially with young people,  Clinton said.  Even if they are not supporting me right now, I am supporting them It s not whether you get knocked down that matters, it s whether you get back up. Clinton devolved into an angry, ranting style by speech s end, calling for  human rights  for gays, women, workers, and others. She also pivoted to focus on South Carolina, which will be decided by the black vote, talking about how African-American parents should not have to worry about their kids being  harassed  or  shot,  and immigrant families should not have to  lie awake at night waiting for a knock on the door  signaling deportation.She also spoke of the contaminated water crisis in Flint, Michigan and of a hypothetical  grandmother  forced to choose between rent or food because some drug company raised medicine prices by 4,000 percent   an apparent reference to scandal-ridden former drug CEO Martin Shkreli.Clinton lost resoundingly to Sanders in the Granite State. By the time she finished her speech, Sanders was beating her 58.5 percent to 39.7 percent with 37 percent of the precincts reporting. CNN called the race for Sanders at approximately 8 PM.Sanders  win was fueled by a massive turnout by independent voters and non-Democrats.Forty-one percent of Democrat voters were independents and only 55 percent were registered Democrats, according to CNN exit polling. Via: Breitbart News ",0
14507,TRUMP WINS BIG In Anti-Establishment Revolt: We’ve Got The Numbers,Trump wins big in New Hampshire in what is an anti-establishment revolt of epic measures America is 100% FED Up! with the status quo in Washington.The latest results (CNN) from the New Hampshire primary:,0
14508,EPIC! CHECK OUT THE T-SHIRTS Two Guys Wore Behind Hillary During A Town Hall,"This is really epic and just hysterical! It s also the second time someone has trolled one of Hillary s town halls. Remember Sticker Boy? He s the guy who stole the show from Hillary during her speech in Iowa by eating stickers. This takes the cake though:Several members of the audience at a New Hampshire campaign event for Hillary Clinton sported some creative t-shirts, and they made sure TV cameras could capture their t-shirts while Hillary spoke. At least two men wore  Settle For Hillary  t-shirts that utilized the official logo and font of Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign.Check out the guy in the baseball cap:  Settle for Hillary Jeff Bechdel, the communications director for America Rising, a Republican PAC focused on conducting and distributing opposition research, posted a television screenshot of the t-shirts on Monday night. Bechdel screencapped ABC News footage of Hillary s event and posted a picture on Twitter:Via: The Federalist",0
14509,NEW EMAILS SHOW HILLARY Asking How Meeting On Libyan War Would Impact Hamptons Vacation…And MORE,"These grifters have no shame. How much more evidence do Americans need to see before they understand Hillary has no interest in our nation s security? How much more evidence do we need before the Everyday American Queen of the Clinton Crime Syndicate is sent to prison? Judicial Watch today released nearly 70 pages of State Department records that show that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and her top aides, Deputy Chiefs of Staff Huma Abedin and Jake Sullivan, received and sent classified information on their non-state.gov email accounts. The documents, also available on the State Department website, were obtained in response to a court order from a May 5, 2015, lawsuit filed against the State Department (Judicial Watch, Inc. v. U.S. Department of State (No. 1:15-cv-00684)) after it failed to respond to a March 18 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request seeking:All emails of official State Department business received or sent by former Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin from January 1, 2009 through February 1, 2013 using a non- state.gov  email address.The new documents show that Hillary Clinton used the clintonemail.com system to ask Huma Abedin (also on a non-state.gov email account) to print two March 2011 emails, which were sent from former British Prime Minister Tony Blair (using the moniker  aclb ) to Jake Sullivan on Sullivan s non-state.gov email account. The Obama State Department redacted the Blair emails under Exemption (b)(1) which allows the withholding of classified material. The material is marked as being classified as  Foreign government information  and  foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources. Another email shows that Clinton wanted to know how meetings in Washington, including a four-hour meeting concerning America s war on Libya, would impact her Hampton vacation. Responding to an email that details the sensitive meetings in DC, Clinton emails Abedin on August 26, 2011,  Ok. What time would I get back to Hamptons?  Again, this email discussion takes place on non-state.gov email accounts.The documents also include advice to Clinton on Libya from Sidney Blumenthal, a Clinton Foundation employee who, according to a Judicial Watch investigative report, also had business interests in Libya. Clinton wanted Blumenthal s March 9, 2011, Libya memo to be printed  without any identifiers. The newly released Abedin emails include a lengthy exchange giving precise details of Clinton s schedule using unsecured government emails. The email from Lona J. Valmoro, former Special Assistant to Secretary of State Clinton, to Abedin and Clinton reveals exact times (including driving times) and locations of all appointments throughout the day. Another itinerary email provides details about a meeting at the United Nations in New York at 3:00 on Tuesday, January 31, 2012, with the precise disclosure,  that would mean wheels up from Andrews at approximately 12:00pm/12:15pm. These emails show that Hillary Clinton isn t the only Obama official who should be worried about being prosecuted for mishandling classified information. Her former top State aides (and current campaign advisers) Huma Abedin and Jake Sullivan should be in the dock, as well,  said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton.  The Obama State Department has now confirmed that Clinton, Abedin, and Sullivan used unsecured, non-government email accounts to communicate information that should now be withheld from the American people  in the interest of national defense or foreign policy, and properly classified.  When can we expect the indictments?  Via: Judicial Watch",0
14510,12 MUSLIM MIGRANTS GANG RAPE 13 YR OLD GIRL…Muslim Lawyer Blames Girl,"Tell us again Barack, about the  poor widows and orphans  who are being strategically placed in our small towns and communities across America. With all the rape and violence being committed by these  refugees,  why in the world would we welcome these savage animals into our country? Oh that s right to vote for Democrats A Muslim councilor has admitted that some feel as though  it takes two to tango  as 12 men were jailed for gang-raping a 13-year-old white girl in West Yorkshire.The gang of men from Pakistani origin were jailed for a total of 143 years at Bradford Crown Court today, for 13 months of horrendous abuse of the British white girl in 2011 and 2012. However, the Councillor for Keighley Central, where the abuse took place, has admitted that some members of the community felt  it takes two to tango  and that the girl may have  played her part .Zafar Ali, who has been a member of the Keighley Mosque for decades believes that some of the men may have attended in the past, but said the Muslim community totally condemn their actions.He told MailOnline:  Everyone now believes that justice has been done, we need to move forward and it is a lesson for the whole Muslim community. There are a few bad apples but this does not represent the Muslim community as a whole and any sensible Muslim totally condemns these actions. Eleven of the men were today jailed for rape and a twelfth man was jailed for sexual activity with a child under 16 today at Bradford Crown Court, but the ringleader has fled to Bangladesh.West Yorkshire Police confirmed that the men jailed were of Pakistani origin.The sentences come as it emerged that:Ringleader Ahmed Al-Choudhury who facilitated most of the offences is believed to now be living in Bangladesh after fleeing at the beginning of the investigation in 2012 After the sentencing, Kris Hopkins, Conservative MP for Keighley spoke out against the  sick model of organized groups of  Asian men  grooming young white girls , but said there are more women out there who need justice.He said the sentenced were vindication for controversial comments he made during a parliamentary debate in 2012, claiming that organised groups of Asian men were  going around raping white girls .However, he claims that even today he has been  lambasted  for even mentioning that the men are Asian when talking about the sentences.He told MailOnline:  There are sexual offenders who are white, but the fact is this particular model is all  Asian men  and all the victims were white. I was attacked in 2012 and today, when these men were convicted, the community was silent. You have to ask yourself why these men get away with this behavior. There is broader issues around the way women are treated in that community, there are hundreds if not thousands of women who live behind that door and have no voice. In a Commons speech three years ago, Mr Hopkins caused controversy three years ago when he suggested Muslim men were  fundamentally  sexist towards women.Judge Roger Thomas QC condemned the  insolent and disrespectful behaviour  the accused showed in court which he said reflected their treatment of their victim.They showed her no shred of decency or humanity when as a vulnerable child she so needed care and understandingJudge Roger Thomas QC told them:  The attitudes of the majority of you have so clearly demonstrated to these proceedings has been contemptuous, disrespectful and arrogant on a scale that I have hardly seen before in many years of practice in criminal law.  Exactly the same attitude to the 13/14 year old girl who you all sexually abused and exploited for your own selfish gratification. He added:  None of these defendants had any concern for the victim. They were totally uninterested in her welfare and what damage they were causing her. The victim clearly demanded pity and understanding but their view of her was heartless and demeaning. They saw her as a pathetic figure who had no worth and who served no purpose than to be an object that they could sexually misuse and cast aside. Via: Daily Mail ",0
14511,[VIDEO] RUDY GIULIANI: “OUTRAGEOUS” Beyoncé Gets Police Escort To Super Bowl…Uses Halftime Show To Trash Cops And Promote Racial Tension,"Are the people who pay to see Beyonc  perform and buy her music even smart enough to figure out she s waging war against many of them? From her lip-syncing of the National Anthem at Obama s inaugural celebration, to her trip to Cuba with her radical husband Jay Z, they just can t help themselves when it comes to injecting themselves in Obama s race war.Former Mayor Rudy Giuliani blasted Beyonc s halftime performance at the Super Bowl   accusing her of using her platform to  attack police officers. This is football, not Hollywood,  Giuliani fumed Monday morning on  FOX & Friends. At Sunday night s big game, the singer used her moments in the spotlight to highlight racial tension   with her dancers wearing berets similar to those worn by the Black Panthers.Prior to the performance, some of Beyonc s dancers posed for a picture with their fists raised to the sky, evoking the black power salute by two prominent athletes during the 1968 Olympic Games.They also snapped a similar shot while holding a sign that said  Justice 4 Mario Woods,  referring to the 26-year-old man shot dead in December by San Francisco police. I thought that she used it as a platform to attack police officers, who are the people who protect her and protect us and keep us alive,  Giuliani said.  And what we should be doing, in the African-American community and in all communities, is build up respect for police officers and focus on the fact that when something does go wrong, OK, we ll work on that.  Via: NYP",0
14512,WAS MICHELLE OBAMA In On Beyonce’s Cop-Hating Super Bowl Performance? [Video],"In an interview that is a tradition before the Super Bowl, the Obamas sat down with Oprah s BFF Gayle King to chitty chat about trivial things. Injecting politicians into the Super Bowl festivities has become more and more a normality. The Obamas have taken it to an all new level. It s to be expected but the real concern today is the question of whether Michelle Obama tipped her hat to the fact that she was in on the anti-American, cop-hating half-time performance by Beyonce. You be the judge:Michelle Obama s pre-game Super Bowl fluff interview revealed that she  cared deeply about the halftime show,  even coordinating her outfit for Beyonce s approval.President and Mrs. Obama sat down Sunday with  CBS This Morning  anchor Gayle King, a family friend, for what has become a tradition   a pre-Super Bowl interview.Sunday s performance was a far cry from the contentious exchange that occurred two years earlier with Fox News host Bill O Reilly. In fact, it was nothing short of a love fest that threatened to ruin the day for serious sports fans.Joined by the first lady for the first time, it was a given that the Obamas complained   about such things like bad Wi-Fi service at the White House   before discussing first dates and post-presidency plans, among other hard-hitting topics.The first lady said she cared  deeply about the halftime game show,  likely because pal Beyonc , one of this year s halftime performers, was planning to get political in support of Black Lives Matter. I got dressed for the halftime show,  Michelle said.  I hope Beyonc  likes what I ve got on. Mrs. Obama was dressed in all black, we assume in simpatico with the artist s dancers who performed in wardrobes that resembled the Black Panthers. The only thing missing was a Black Panther beret. Furious Americans are expressing their disappointment and outrage that the Super Bowl halftime show was allowed to be hijacked for political purposes and given a racist, black power theme.Read more: Biz Pac Review",0
14513,BLUNT MEME EXPOSES Difference Between Forced Government And Charitable Giving," 2 Corinthians 9:7 Each one must give as he has decided in his heart, not reluctantly or under compulsion, for God loves a cheerful giver.",0
14514,"NFL GIVES BEYONCE Super Bowl Half-Time Slot To Promote Cop Hate, Racial Division…Race-Baiting Hubby, JAY Z Makes $1.5 MILLION Donation To #BlackLivesMatter Terrorists","We reported about Beyonce s half-time Super Bowl appearance, where she ll be performing her anti-cop, anti-White song. For a preview of the song she ll be performing, click HERE to see the video. The latest, and equally disturbing news is that her race-baiting husband, Jay Z has just dumped a huge sum of money into the #BlackLivesMatter terror groups coffers.  Anyone who believes in racial harmony and healing the racial divide that Barack Obama and his racist wife have caused, should never give this power couple another cent of their hard earned money. Jay Z s global music and entertainment platform Tidal in association with Roc Nation is donating $1.5 million to Black Lives Matter and several other local and national social justice organizations, Tidal announced exclusively to Mic on Friday   the same day Trayvon Martin would have turned 21-years-old. The streaming service raised the $1.5 million at the first Tidal X: 10/20 charity concert in Brooklyn, New York, featuring Beyonc , Nicki Minaj, Jay Z, Lil Wayne and Nick Jonas.Tidal s group of artist owners, which includes several of the musicians who performed in October s sold-out show including Beyonc , Nicki Minaj and Jay Z, took part in deciding which organizations would receive funding, the streaming service told Mic. The majority of the groups to benefit are social justice activist groups and organizations, with a large portion of these specifically committed to ensuring the nation understands that black lives matter.Tidal s grants will be administered through the New World Foundation, which funds several civil rights groups and social movements. The nonprofits Tidal will fund include Opportunity Agenda, Hands Up United, Sankofa.Org, as well as local organizing groups in California: Community Coalition; Florida: Dream Defenders; Illinois: Black Youth Project; Maryland: Baltimore Justice Fund; Empowerment Development Corporation; New York: Million Hoodies; NY Justice League and Ohio: Ohio Students Association/Organizing Collaborative.According to Tidal, donations will also be given to organizations created by the families of victims of police brutality, including the Trayvon Martin Foundation, the Michael O.D. Brown We Love Ours Sons and Daughters Foundation and the Oscar Grant Foundation.Via: Music.Mic",0
14515,Did UPS Secretly Fly “Refugees” Into U.S. From The Middle East? WATCH Governor Chris Christie’s Shocking Interview With Bill O’Reilly,"So far, this video has over 530,000 views. Does that make the content legitimate? Certainly not. But the premise is certainly not that far-fetched, considering our government has been bringing mostly Muslim refugees to America for over 35 years through the very secretive US State Department Refugee Resettlement Program.A large number of  refugees  that have been strategically placed throughout the U.S. are Muslims. So why are Catholic and Lutheran charities the #1 and #2  largest benefactors of our taxpayer dollars when it comes to delivering Muslims from countries who hate us?I placed a call to our local Catholic charity office where the director assured me over the phone that they aren t  selective  about who comes here. I told her, that as a Catholic, I was more concerned about helping the Christians who are being left behind to be slaughtered by Muslims than bringing Muslims to America. She assured me there really is no difference. I asked her what the rate of conversion is once they bring tens of thousands of Muslims to our local area in Michigan?  Silence.Bill O Reilly seems genuinely shocked to find out that our very own State Department has been quietly dumping off  refugees  in New Jersey with no approval from the state or its citizens.Watch here:Of the approximately 2,000 Syrian refugees who have come to the United States over the past several years, an estimated 97 percent are Muslim.In FY 2015, the State Department, through the Bureau of Population, Refugees and Migration and the Office of Refugee Resettlement, spent more than $1 billion on these programs, which settled international refugees  vetted  by the United Nations High Commission on International Refugees in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. The federal government spent hundreds of millions of dollars more than that on refugees, however. The Department of Health and Human Services also provided a number of  entitlements  to these refugees.Much of this $1 billion in annual revenue goes to voluntary agencies (VOLAGs), several of which are Christian non-profits, such as Catholic Charities, Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service, World Relief Corporation, Church World Service, and Domestic and Foreign Missionary Service of the Episcopal Church of the USA. (also referred to as Episcopal Migration Ministries), who are contracted on behalf of the government to help these refugees get settled in their new homes in America.Five of the top nine VOLAGs are Christian non-profits. The other four are Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society, International Rescue Committee, US Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, and the Ethiopian Community Development Council.After providing three to four months of resettlement services to these refugees, having been well compensated for their assistance services, these Christian non-profit VOLAGS stop providing services and are not required to keep track of the  refugees  location within the United States.As Ann Corcoran wrote recently at Refugee Resettlement Watch, the arrangement benefits the VOLAGs but provides little comfort to Americans worried about the national security implications of bringing in so many unvetted refugees:Refugee resettlement is profitable to the organizations involved in it. They receive money from the federal government for each refugee they bring over. They have almost no real responsibilities for these refugees. After 4 months the  sponsoring  organization is not even required to know where the refugee lives.A good percentage of the revenues of these Christian  non-profit  organizations, many of which were originally established to provide charitable services to the poor already within local American communities, now comes from their work as subcontractors to the federal government to relocate these foreign, often Muslim, refugees.In effect, critics argue, these VOLAGS have become agents of the federal government whose new mission is to import terrorism to the United States under the false flag of Christian compassion.As Refugee Resettlement Watch reported, there are multiple ways for these VOLAGs to generate revenue from this program:a. $1,850 per refugee (including children) from the State Department.b. Up to $2,200 for each refugee by participating in a U.S. DHHS program known as Matching Grant. To get the $2,200, the Volag need only show it spent $200 and gave away $800 worth of donated clothes, furniture, or cars.c. The Volag pockets 25 percent of every transportation loan it collects from refugees it  sponsors .d. All Volag expenses and overhead in the Washington, DC HQ are paid by the U.S. government.e. For their refugee programs, Volags collect money from all federal grant programs    Marriage Initiative,   Faith-based,   Ownership Society etc., as well as from various state and local grants.The program is so lucrative that in some towns the Catholic Church has lessened support for traditional charity works to put more effort into resettlement. It uses collection offerings to promote the refugee resettlement program.Despite claims that these Muslim refugees have been  vetted  to keep out terrorists, numerous reports, including those by the Department of Homeland Security and FBI, indicate that this process is flawed, especially for refugees from countries like Syria, where virtually no data bases to perform background checks exist.Of the approximately 2,000 Syrian refugees who have come to the United States over the past several years, an estimated 97 percent are Muslim.President Obama wants to bring in an additional 10,000 Syrian refugees to the United States in FY 2016 (which ends September 30, 2016). At least 26 governors and the vast majority of Americans oppose this plan on national security grounds, but the President is doubling down.",0
14516,ALL HELL IS BREAKING LOOSE IN GERMANY: Citizens Want “Refugees” Gunned Down At Borders [VIDEO],"Enough is enough! German citizens are witnessing the fast-track decline of their nation. Does America need to look any further than Germany to see that bringing in hundreds of thousands (in Germany s case millions) of Muslim men from countries who have no interest in assimilating in the Western world, is a serious threat to its citizens?  Liberal open-border policies that have been put forth by Angel Merkel and other progressives in power have clearly put their citizens in grave danger. OVER one-in-four Germans say they back a policy to open fire on unwanted illegal refugees at their borders.Watch massive brawl break out in refugee camp over torn Quran:The Alternative for Germany (AFD) party leader Frauke Petry caused a storm a week ago when she advocated the right of border police to gun down migrants. But her comments have struck a nerve in a country being pushed to the brink by the crisis with 29 percent of respondents in a weekend poll backing her extremist plan. Via: Express UKWe  recently reported about a vigilante group in Finland that is gaining large numbers of international members. The Soldiers of Odin are taking matters into their own hands. They are no longer going to sit back and allow the women and children in their communities be raped by these  migrants,  who have no regard for the laws of the countries that have generously agreed to accept and support them. I think it s going to be a war between local people and immigrants.    Soldiers of Odin member Foreigners can t go out alone after dark anymore. It used to be safe to go out in Finland at night, even by yourself, but now we just don t have the courage to do it.    MigrantCLICK HERE for entire story.",0
14517,"WATCH: BEYONCE Performed This Sickening, Cop-Hating, Anti-White Song At Super Bowl","How very progressive  After all, what would Super Bowl Sunday be without a little cop and White-shaming (Obama-Sharpton style), during the halftime show? WATCH:A day ahead of her anticipated return to the Super Bowl halftime show stage, Beyonce has released new single  Formation  along with an accompanying music video.Set in New Orleans, the clip features shots of Bey lying on top of a sinking New Orleans police cruiser as well as a graffiti d wall that says,  Stop shooting us.  There s also a scene of a black child in a hoodie dancing in front of a line of police officers in riot gear. At one point a man holds up a newspaper called  The Truth  with an image of Martin Luther King Jr. on the front page captioned,  More than a dreamer.  Blue Ivy Carter, Beyonce s daughter, also appears in the video.Beyonce will join Coldplay and Bruno Mars in the Super Bowl 50 halftime show on Sunday afternoon on CBS, during which  Formation  will make its live debut, according to Entertainment Tonight.Via: Variety",0
14518,YOU’RE NOT IN EUROPE ANYMORE: Group Of “Rapefugees” Expelled From Norway Are Beaten By Russian Mob For Harassing Girls,"Being sent to Russia for misbehavior may be just the incentive these lawless  rapefugee  need to begin assimilating with the European culture and following the laws they seem to have no regard for According to a Russian news website, about 50 Middle-Eastern migrants, who had been expelled to Russia from Norway, began to harass girls at a club in Murmansk. A mob of Russians then beat hell out of them.  They realised too late they are not in the European Union. Police arrived and apparently did t really disapprove of what was happening. They took 33 of the  migrants  to detention and 18 to the hospital.Local law enforcement officially denies this incident took place, but there is lots of talk about it on social media. Via Newsli.RU",0
14519,MADELINE ALBRIGHT: There’s A Special Place In Hell For Women Who Don’t Support Hillary Clinton [VIDEO],"Shaming people into voting for someone now that s what I call desperation. How about we let young women decide for themselves who they vote for without being told they ll go to hell if they don t follow in lockstep with the demands of the left. Note to Hillary and Ms. Albright: Women can think for themselves these days.Former Sec. of State Madeleine Albright attempted to shame young women voters at a Hillary Clinton campaign event on Saturday, repeating her now-famous line:  There s a special place in hell for women who don t help each other. Albright joined New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker at a rally in Concord, N.H., just days before the nation s first presidential primary of the 2016 campaign.The 78-year-old diplomat, who served in the Bill Clinton White House, complained that some young women  don t understand the importance of why young women have to support Hillary Clinton. The story is not over, they re going to want to push us back. Appointments to the Supreme Court make all the difference,  Albright said of Republicans, adding that young women  have to help  and that  Hillary Clinton will be there for you. Just remember: there s a special place in hell for women who don t help each other,  Albright said, much to the joy of Clinton, who is seen laughing at the remark, which she has used numerous times in the past. ",0
14520,REPUBLICAN DEBATE THROWDOWN: Rubio vs Christie [Video],Wow! If you saw the Republican debate last night you might haven noticed a big brawl between Rubio and Christie. Here s just a little bit of the showdown that took place:,0
14521,HILLARY TRIES TO INJECT Social Class And Race Into Flint Water Crisis.. Immediately Regrets It,"Maybe Hillary should be hiring someone to handle her social media. Hey maybe she could hire her top Aide, Huma Abedin s husband. We hear he knows his way around Twitter, and isn t he out of a job?",0
14522,LET’S PLAY! CAN YOU ANSWER The 21 Questions That Every American Should Know?,CAN YOU DO IT? WE D LOVE TO KNOW WHAT SURPRISED YOU. Via: Playbuzz,0
14523,BIG HYPOCRITE GLORIA STEINEM: Women Support Bernie Sanders So They Can “Get With” Boys…Huh? [Video],Gloria Steinem does pretty much everything she can to prove she s a big hypocrite in this interview with Bill Mayer:,0
14524,AUSTRIAN JUSTICE SYSTEM Gives Teen With Homemade Nazi Tattoo Same Sentence As “Refugee” Convicted Of Anal Rape Of 72 Year Old,"Before we get too far into this story, it needs to be pointed out that the 18 year old teen who was just sentenced by a judge for having a homemade Nazi tattoo, was only 15 years old at the time, and has since admitted he made a mistake. The Afghan  rapefugee  on the other hand, was 17 years old when he brutally raped a 72 year old woman. So basically, we re comparing a 15 year old who was utilizing his freedom of expression (whether we agree with him or not is irrelevant) with a violent 17 year old rapist.An 18-year-old Afghan  refugee  was sentenced to 20 months in prison for the anal rape of a 72-year-old woman. Now the Austrian justice system has once again shown us its quality. A 20-year-old, who was 15 at the time, the  offence  was committed, has just been sentenced to 19 months in prison for giving a home-made swastika tattoo.Three young people have been found guilty of engaging in Nazi activities after they drew Nazi tattoos and posted photos of them online.A 20-year-old, who was found to have a German war flag used by the Nazis and portraits of Nazi Socialists in his room, was sentenced by a youth court in Salzburg to 19 months in prison, three months unconditional.He and a 19-year-old accomplice were found guilty of using a pin and eyeliner to tattoo a hand-sized swastika onto someone s chest and then posting the photos online.In addition to the tattooing, the 20-year-old was also accused of shouting Nazi slogans out of his window and singing the song  Polaken-Tango  by the banned neo-Nazi rock group Landser in front of his brother and his brother s girlfriend.He was arrested after his brother called the police, who found him in his room wrapped in the war flag and surrounded by photos of prominent Nazis.He told the court that he regretted his actions, which took place in August 2011 when he was 15-years-old, and that he had now changed.Pleading guilty, he said:  I now know that this is nonsense.  He was charged separately for his Facebook account, where he also posted pictures of himself making Nazi salutes, which he told judge Bettina Maxones-Kurkowski he had done to  show others that he belongs here . Via: The LocalOn Wednesday at the State Court in Vienna s Neustadt an 18-year-old Afghan was sentenced to 20 months in prison without parole for rape. He also has to pay 5000 euros compensation to the 72-year-old woman, who has been very marked by the attack.The incident on 1 September last year created a sensation: the penioner was walking her old dog in the Schwechat meadow near Traiskirchen in Lower Austria, when she encountered two young asylum seekers swimming in the river. According to an acquaintance of the victim in the witness stand, the boys were  also very nice  at first, they even helped the woman over an embankment.  But then one them fell upon her from behind. However, DNA traces confirmed that the pensioner was anally raped. The then 17-year-old Afghan was quickly caught. He does not dispute the crime, but says he was drunk. His friend says he wasn t aware of the rape.Her daughter Sylvia   a committed refugee helper   believes and hopes that her mother was unconscious during the crime. What does Christine F. feel for her tormentor? Despite all of the torment, she even feels some sympathy. ",0
14525,REAGAN’S WARNING TO US: “Those Voices Don’t Speak for the Rest of Us” [VIDEO],THIS IS A WARNING FROM REAGAN: Those Voices Don t Speak for the Rest of Us It rings truer than ever  ,0
14526,EYE BLEACH ALERT: Hillary Gets Her Groove On With Fellow Loony Dems [Video],GET OUT THE EYE BLEACH!Hillary Clinton and her Democrat friends got together for a rally today and here s the grand finale for you. Just a bunch of loony libs rockin  it out LOL!Hillary has a history of awkward dance moves:,0
14527,"OPEN-BORDER LIBERALS Put Entire Nation On High Alert: German Spy Chief Warns 1,000+ Radical Islamists Ready To Attack…Over 100 ISIS Members Among Refugees","Thank you Angela Merkel German security service BfV reportedly received more than 100 tip-offs that ISIS militants had infiltrated the country among refugees, according to a recent report. The news comes as massive nationwide anti-terror raids took place this week.The head of the German domestic intelligence service (BfV), Hans-Georg Maassen, told a gathering of politicians that the agency had received more than 100 warnings indicating there were Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) militants staying in Germany as refugees, newspaper Berliner Zeitung reported Friday, without citing its sources.However , some cases of  baseless defamation  were among those tip-offs, Maassen added, according to the newspaper.German security services have remained on high alert since the November terror attacks in Paris which claimed the lives of more than 130 people.Earlier this week, police and security agents all across Germany were scrambled to search for suspects allegedly planning a terror attack in the country, with Berlin seen as the most likely target. Well-known tourist attractions including Alexanderplatz train station and the Cold War-era Checkpoint Charlie could be among the targets of a possible attack, according to preliminary media reports.On Thursday, a police special force unit raided four flats and two businesses in Berlin, detaining four men accused of allegedly having ties to Islamic State. They were suspected of being involved in planning an attack, police spokesman Martin Redlich told RT.German spy chief warns of 1,000+ radical Islamists ready to attack https://t.co/VZn1xRA2oA pic.twitter.com/BlxXGGXHkK  RT (@RT_com) December 13, 2015One of the suspects, a 49-year-old Algerian, was arrested in a three-bedroom flat in Berlin s predominantly immigrant district of Kreuzberg. He was living there on a fake French passport, local media reported, and owned two shops nearby Alexanderplatz and Checkpoint Charlie. Redlich could not confirm the landmarks were the targets, however.The spokesman said police had acted on a tip-off, but he provided no further details.Similar raids also took place in the German regions of North Rhine Westphalia and Lower Saxony. In Berlin alone, 450 police officers were engaged in the operation, German media reported.The main suspect was a 35-year-old Algerian man detained during Thursday s raid in the town of Attendorn. Said to be a possible leader of an IS terrorist cell, he was also being sought by Algerian authorities over allegations he is a member of the terrorist group.He entered Germany in autumn 2015, having traveled the so-called  Balkan route.  At that time, the 35-year-old was registered in Bavaria as a refugee.Both men had been monitored since the end of 2015, after security services had received a tip-off they might be IS infiltrators.Another unnamed 26-year-old Algerian, who also registered as a refugee and lived in a shelter in central Hannover, is suspected by the police to be the cell s communication agent. He is also thought to have possible ties to Belgian Islamists. He has traveled to the Molenbeek district of Brussels, known for harboring jihadists, at least once in recent weeks. Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the mastermind behind the November s Paris attacks, was a Molenbeek resident.Germany took in over 1.1 million refugees in 2015, and fifty-four percent of Germans believe the terror threat in the country is on the rise because of the high number of incoming migrants, according to the latest Spiegel poll. Via: RT",0
14528,NAILS IT! FRESHMAN SENATOR Schools Liberal Pundit On The Definition Of Conservatism [Video],Nebraska Senator Ben Sasse gives a fantastic answer when asked if he can explain conservatism. He s a rising star in the Republican party. We love his passion for America and his way with words! ,0
